Awesome place to go. Their motto says it all, "little place, big flavors" or something like that. It's just really really good.
Food is insanely good.  Fresh meats and very, very tasty.  When you order a sandwich (i recommend the godfather I or II), the owner goes to the fridge and begins slicing cuts for your sub.  Doesn't get much fresher than that.  They have a few tables, but I've never eaten there so I cannot comment on the service but they are always friendly when I order take out.  In addition to a plethora of sandwich options there are italian dishes as well.  I've had the lasagna which was a large, flavorful portion.  Desserts are great too.  Try a Cannoli.
Deli Roma- Great Italian deli.  Large portions.  Sandwich meats are slice to the order.  Perfect tiny dining room with plastic red and white checkered table cloths.  Soooo good. Go there.  Eat!
Finally went to Deli Roma yesterday and so glad i did. I've been meaning to go for a while but, always forget about it because of it's location. It's small but cool at the same time. All the Italian nostalgia in there is fun to look at while you wait.

We got a veggie muffaletta, grilled panini, and a Chicago style Vienna all beef hot dog.

Veggie Muffaletta ($5.25)~ Wow! So much flavor with the olives, 2 kinds of cheese, and the in house olive dressing. Served on a 5" round Pane Mariano bread (my new favorite bread). Great price for a huge sandwich.

Grilled Panini ($6.49)~ It was the panini of the week, not sure what it was. It had 2 kinds of meat( ham and salami i believe) and cheese. The focaccia bread was grilled to perfection. We got the order to go and it was still super hot when we got home! Tasty sandwich with a TON of meat in there!

Chicago style Vienna all beef hot dog ($2.75)~ Very good dog with all the fixings. Only complaint was that it was not very warm but that's OK with a hot dog i guess.

If you can find this place you need to go! The mailman was eating lunch when we were there. I always think if the mailman eats there, you know it's good!
Absolutely wonderful. IDK what the other guy was talking about complaining about the service. I was greeted with a smile and a friendly conversation while I waited for the old man to make my sandwiches. Reminds me of when I lived on the east coast. Got to love Boar's head.
Boar's head meats and cheeses are what they use for their sandwiches, and they also have olives,and some other deli items. The sandwiches are great, and the service is friendly. I miss their old employee John, he was such a charming, handsome young lad. :-( They even know Chris Burke!!!!
Food was amazing!!! Just wish it were open on Sunday :)
This place is the best. Americano is ridiculously good.
Place is pretty good. Have been here a handful of times. I always get the Godfather (1 or 2) which is an Italian beef sandwich. It is really good.  My wife really enjoys the Americano.  Overall I have not had any issues, except for my recent visit.  There was an issue with one sandwich, called up and talked with the owner.  He was very understanding and wanted to make things right, so he gave me a $25 gift card to use the next time I'm there.  I won't let one little issue stop me from eating here.
This place is a great stop for lunch. The sandwiches are huge and they use boars head premium deli meat on their subs. I challenge you to take down a whole one. They also make fresh pasta and lasagna that is to die for. Check This Place Out!
We went here on a Saturday afternoon and no one was at the front counter.  It's obvious that this is a small mom & pop type operation, which is encouraging because this usually means good food.  But we wouldn't know because no one ever came to the counter.  

There was one couple at a table eating, but no other customers at the time.  There was a dude walking around in the back, he looked right at us, but didn't acknowledge us in any way.  

We stood there for quite a while and looked over the menu repeatedly, hoping that at any moment someone might come forth and say something as simple as "I'll be right with you" etc.  Didn't happen.  

I get the whole idea of them not being fast food, and that good food takes time so on and so forth, but that shouldn't also mean "we will not acknowledge your presence.  Ever."  

Three more people came in behind us and proceeded to wait.  There were then five of us crowding around the counter................waiting...................and waiting...........

Here on Yelp I noticed that one complaint had a response from the business, which gives me some hope, but hey guys, I was there, with money in hand and you dropped the ball.........again apparently.  

We walked out after waiting a longgggggg time for nothing.   We may try again some day when we have absolutely nothing better to do.  However, if this is standard operating procedure I don't know that they'll still be around for that "some day."
Only place in the area that makes an authentic Vienna beef Chicago style hot dog.  Simply awesome!
Been in SP for a year now and only just discovered this place on my way home tonight. Wanted something quick, tasty, and not from a fast food chain. Talk about a good stop. My sandwich was just filled with Boars Head ham, salami, cheese, delicious fresh tomatoes all on excellent toasted bread. Considering the amount of meat and the overall size of this sandwich the $7 and change price was more than reasonable. I'm already looking forward to going back here. Service was pleasant and quick considering there were two people immediately in front of me.  A unique gem in an area of SP dominated mostly by fast food joints.  Only wish they had better roadside presence so I had been able to find them sooner!
This place is awesome! The food is amazing to say the least. The only time I have been disappointed is when I showed up on a Monday and found out they were closed. Best place for Italian in the area. Thumbs up to the owner and staff, keep it up!
Nice little sandwich shop in Sun Prairie and they do a decent job but they have big plastic things of Prosciutto to make them look like a big time Italian deli only one problem...they don't serve Prosciutto on any of their sandwiches and you can't even order it extra.   

They advertise that they have a couple of types of Lasagna and to ask for what they varieties are but they didn't have any when i was there.  

The sandwich I did have was good and they heat up bread that tastes very yummy.  I'll give them another chance.
I never thought I would write a one-star review of Deli Roma, but I think this once-great deli's day has passed. For the last year or so the food has been slipping and become mediocre - including, this fall, the worst plate of spaghetti I've ever been served in a restaurant (by an employee who is no longer there), but our experience on Saturday pretty much finished our long relationship with Deli Roma.

We arrived around 4:30 p.m. and there was no one else in the deli. A young man was seated behind the register and greeted us, but did not get up. We saw the specials board had an item which was a play on the Godfather, their signature Italian roast beef sandwich, and discussed whether we'd want to try it. During all this the gentleman behind the counter remained seated but appeared to be paying attention.

When I said we were ready to order he got up, but when I ordered a Godfather he said that they were out of Italian beef. I have worked in restaurants myself and at times you do run out of items, but I don't understand why the specials board carried an item they didn't have and more incomprehensible yet is why he would listen to us talk about the aforementioned special and never bother to mention he couldn't make one anyway. The specials board should have been blank, and more importantly, he should have told us when we came in that they were out of some ingredients.

If he had, we probably would have stayed and ordered something else, but his attitude projected total, casual indifference in serving us and getting our business. If they don't want our business, we won't give it to them any more.
I found Deli Roma too late.  Fortunately, I was able to enjoy the godfather part I several times this winter before it closed.  This was my favorite sandwich, anywhere, ever, period.  Sad to see you go, thank you for the delicious food!
Ross, I hope you're going to show up somewhere else. Sure miss you in SP.
I found this place by accident. Blink and you'll miss it. Best fried catfish I've had. Totally not greasy. Thin cornmeal batter is the right amount of crispy. Fish is tender and moist inside without being greasy at all. Coleslaw was pretty decent. Cornbread was soft and had a hint of sweetness but not too much. Portions are good. Vegetarian options for the non-meat eater. I ate well for less than $10, tip included. Glad I found it.
You know, you can ride the light rail from my office to Karim's. You can also walk, if you're so inclined. But, I prefer to exert my calories to more pressing tasks. Like, digesting.

Karim's has some mighty fine fried chicken and catfish in downtown Phx. They sometimes run out of their sides (What?!?! What do you mean you don't have any greens? You do realize that I've been craving this all day long...) but I can deal with that. The guys here are wonderfully pleasant; heartbreakingly pleasant! If I had a daughter, I'd totally want her to meet one of these guys.

It's best to call in your order, as it's made fresh and can take about 20 minutes. Seems like a long time, but when you consider the freshness of your chicken/fish, it's well worth it.
Dear Karim, 

I was sooo excited to find your place. My BFF's favorite dessert is cobbler and she loves the whole soul food vibe, so for her Christmas present it was decided i would treat her to lunch at your restaurant. We planned this before Christmas and your website stated that you were open 11am-2pm and that worked perfectly for us. So on Sunday Jan 3rd we arrived at your place at 1:15pm, appetite in tow, craving what you had to offer and you know what ? You were closed??? No freakin explanation.. nothing! Your sign even had the audacity to say open "11am - ??" Really? WTF kind of crap is that? If you're going to be so casual about your signage, why don't you update your website to mirror your lax hours of operation. You completely ruined the day and her Christmas present which we were both looking forward to. We ended up going to Hard Rock, satisfied yet still disappointed by the day's events.
I had the okra gumbo, rice and beans, and cobbler to go.  On the 15-min. walk back to my office, the food stayed hot.

Everything tasted light and fresh. Nothing was greasy or heavy. There are no meat products in their vegetables.

It was an excellent meal and I'm looking forward to going back.
A nice place to eat before spending too much at the ballpark or arena. Down home service and sinful cobbler top the reasons to drop in.
We were in Phoenix for the ComicCon and I took my daughter over for lunch, because I didn't want Subway or Burger King again. Just a little place right off the light rail at 3rd and Jefferson. She had a hot dog and I had a garden burger. Then we split an apple cobbler for dessert. The service was fast (even with all the geeks there for lunch), and they were super sweet and friendly. I'll have to come back and try some of their other dishes, but the hot dog and burger were a bit above average fare. You also get steak fries with the meal. The cobbler was excellent.  They had peach and pear as well so I'll definitely be back! The light rail makes getting to these places from the east valley so easy now!
I was on the hunt for good Peach Cobbler and heard good reviews about this place. And i had the Peach Cobbler w Ice Cream. It tasted just like Grandma used to make. Next time im in Phoenix ill try other stuff on the Menu and top it off with Peach Cobbler. The Guys were more than Friendly and Personable and thats why i left a Decent tip in the jar.
I went to Karim's before a recent D-Backs game for a bite to eat. I was not impressed with my meal. I can't speak of the cobbler though.

I order the burger and fries plate. The burger was dry and didn't have a great taste. The burger meat was obviously frozen. I received a only a handful of fries and my soda was mostly ice. After a few sips, my soda was gone. The meal plates are 4.50-7. A decent price and cheaper than inside the ballpark, but not worth the price you pay. I think next time I'd rather pay a bit more inside to get food that tastes a bit better.

When I was ordering my meal, a guy came up to get a refill, no charge. My friend went to get a refill since his drink was mostly ice, no charge. I went to get my refill and was charged $.50! Come on, be consistent!

The dining area is very small and can only accommodate a handful of customers at one time.

Maybe I'll just skip the food and go to the cobbler next time.
Yummmmy!

I asked the what was good, he said the BBQ chicken...he was right!

He said if I don't want the FF, the potato salad is good...he was right!

I ordered the Peach cobbler...it was very sweet but very good!

Great place for lunch. I was here on business for a convention and glad I stopped in.
Was in conference at the Phoenix Convention Center and a glorious smell wafted through from the east. Turning to my left I saw a plate, and lady tearing something up..fiercely . Me and three other people immediately stopped what we were doing and walked somewhat zombie like to where the food was and asked...where did you get that? Karim's Cobbler Shop and Deli was her reply...in between bites.  

Now I've been in Phoenix for 3 months looking for a taste of soul food. And here it was in my back yard! I was shocked!!!

With a sense of urgency I walked the streets until once again I was seduced by the smell of fried fish. Wasnt very far, and it was perched right in front of the Light Rail.  My kind of place.

First thought, very humble. Very clean and neat and humble.  The owner was very kind, friendly and humble. Very confident that whatever I ordered I would love it. And I did.

As the only customer in the place I had soo many questions..How long were you here. Where do you market you store, cuz I never heard of it. With a smile he explained that his customers usually come in thru word of mouth and via the smell.

I ordered the 3 piece whiting (its a east coast thing) It was well seasoned yet  non-greasy and well I wanted more of it. A side of red rice and beans which was flavorful and simply not enough.  Not usually a peach cobbler fan but it had so many intricate flavors. I sensed some clove, cinnamon, brown sugar...and something I can't quite put my finger on. The detective will be back to figure out this mystery.  It was sooo GOOOD!


Hearing so many complaints that Phoenix has alot of sun but no soul I can confidently say that there is however scatter amongst the desert.  One just have to put in the detective work. Use the senses...it will lead you there. But if you can't follow my lead.  Karim's Cobbler shop is the place to get your grub on.  Bring your families and friends too.  Everyone will leave happy. Or with an extra side :)
The hubby & I have been visiting Phoenix for about a week. We were here on Easter. Normally, we would be at my grandma's for dinner which would consist of fried chicken, greens, ham, mac & cheese and whatever dessert my ma decides to make. I usually eat light and avoid fried food, but I kinda missed that traditional Easter dinner. Karim's was closed Sunday, but thank goodness they were open Monday.

Catfish was perfectly seasoned and crispy. Delicious! 
The potato salad was a little sweet, not what I'm used to.
The peach cobbler was fantastic. 

I think we're going back there for lunch today. Hopefully, they have greens today, they didn't yesterday.

Their hours are tricky so call ahead or check their website before you go.
The first I tried this place was when my dad worked at the arena downtown.  Him and I are both obsessed with peach cobbler amd we could not find a place in AZ for a while that served good peach cobbler...since then we have found some, but in my opinion this is the best in Phoenix.  I am still searching...lol...I love peach cobbler that has a good amount of crust, but the cobbler cannot be dry or bready...it needs to be gooey and a little doughy...I do not like it when there is only fruit and then there is just some sprinkling of a crust on top....This place as the perfect amount of crust and fruit!  I love it!  It is the best with some vanilla ice cream and have it warmed up!  It is great with a little carmel sauce or a bourbon carmel sauce on top!  I know that I should be reviewing the entire restaurant but I only go here for cobbler and it is the best!  TRY IT!!
My review of Karim's must be viewed as a work in progress.  First, I did not have a chance to try the cobbler.  I did think about ordering one with my meal but opted not to.  Second, service was amazingly slow, though, I get the impression it was an off day.  The staff was friendly but I've seriously never waited so long to order or receive my food.  Given the general positive reviews here on Yelp I think my off day hunch is correct.  I want to give Karim's another spin and make sure to try the cobbler next time.

I can say I was impressed with my meal despite the wait.  I ordered the beef BBQ combo that came with fries and a drink.  The fries were very good and piping hot.  The beef was tasty and I really enjoyed the BBQ sauce though I'm not sure if it's made in house or not.
Karim's knows their cobbler and they make an incredible one. The peach cobbler is warm, buttery, creamy and sugary sweet with each bite. If you've been bitten by the sugar elves and have a sweet tooth like me, then you must visit Karim's for a cobbler.
This past week for Opening Day my father, fiance and self went to Karim's due to the egregious lines at all the local bars and pubs. Karim's is a small cobbler shop right off of Jefferson, and compared to other eateries it does offer a more limited selection. BUT, the selection they do offer is great. They have a couple different combo options for fish fry as well as the general burger and other eats. It has got a significant southern-down-home-cooking feel to it, as you would expect. 

I chose a 2 piece catfish combo plate and a medium order of Okra Gumbo. Yes, Okra Gumbo. It was actually really good, but the cup they put it in was very small. I always ask what size bowl you get, but we were in such a hurry I never thought to ask, so it's partially my fault. The catfish pieces though, were AMAZING. They had some awesome varieties of different southern hot sauces and I dabbed that on the catfish, which brought even more life to the dish. It was cooked just right, not too soggy, not too dry. My dad chose an Angus burger combo and was very happy with the choice, and my fiance opted for the chili dog, which she woofed down, haha.

All in all, its a great option when everything else is crowded. They have a small kitchen, so you will have to wait for the staff to catch up on a busy weekend when going to the game. They pump out a lot of good food it looks like, so if you want some fried fish on game day, head on over to Karim's! I will do a follow up on their cobbler, next time I go.
I've given this place 2 chances a d nothing times its been just bad.  The hours of operation seem just random for one.  More importantly, the food... its just.. eh.. How can you really screw up a chicago dog ?  How about not having sport peppers and serving it a stale crappy bun ?  Coke machine was both flat and not enough syrup... cobbler.. ok that was decent.. will I ever go back ?  Nope.. sorry karims but there are just too many better choices in the area.
COBBLER FRAUD. Ok, your calling yourself a Cobbler shop (and who does that), yet your admitting to me that your peaches are not fresh, but "hey it tastes like it does huh".  I'm glad that I just asked for a taste of the cobbler to avoid getting more riled up and then luckily asked the nice lady about her peaches. How cheap are some places and then it was obvious the sample had been nuked because it was microwave hot and not fresh out of the oven. Then I'm thinking, hmmm I never had a frozen apple before, the apple cobbler must be fresh right - apples are like 10 cents each. But to my horror, those apples are also canned, frozen or otherwise not fresh. All of this could have been avoided if I never stepped foot in the place and just stared at the sign. Karim doesn't make cobbler, Grandma does, Karim just thinks he can call himself whatever he wants - oh its cobbler allright, but granny would be rolling over in her grave at these frozen, canned and nuked frauds.
Ok, so i didn't try the cobbler.. after reading Brad S's i guess i am glad i ate too much..  What i did have was the fried catfish and some cornbread, clean fry all together, not greasy.. going by what i had i would go back next time i am having a cajun craving
Yesterday I was downtown & hungry, so I dropped in here, my first dining experience at a Scholtzsky's, & I ordered a medium Pastrami & Swiss on rye.  The bread looked like a big round chocolate cookie, but had a rather normal taste, not even particularly "rye",  The pastrami was lean, tender, & didn't have any gristle, but it was smallish, & the sandwich alone was over $7 with the tax.  I'm a soup lover, & they had some soup there, but it was around $3.50 for a small bowl, so I passed.  The restaurant itself was comfortable & appropriate... built up to take you back to the 1950s.

In my view, with these reviews, it's all about comparison.  I don't usually review non-buffet restaurants, but there was such a contrast between Schlotzsky's yesterday & the place where I ate today, I just had to write!

I was over at Wal*Mart in Laveen for a few things.  You could smell the fresh bread baking at the Subway right there inside & it made me hungry, so I dropped in & I ordered a sandwich there comparable to the one I ate yesterday at Schlotzsky's, plus a bowl of Cream of Broccoli soup.  My 6" sub, plus the fairly good-sized bowl of soup cost about half as much as the competitive sandwich alone at Schlotzsky's!  BOTH were $4.33 TOTAL!  (I'm not mistaken;  I have the receipt right in front of me as I'm typing!)  Not only that, the Subway sandwich beat Schlotzsky's hands down even without the soup!  It had much more on it, & was really good.  Then, there was ALSO the Cream of Broccoli soup, nice & hot, & delicious!

Bottom line:  Subway amounts to the same kind of restaurant, but is genuinely better than Schlotzski's, where nothing about it is bad, just not as good...  2-Stars not as good!

10/18/09 Update - Today I tried Scott's Generations.  Now THAT'S a Deli Restaurant!  * * * * *
Well I must say this was the first time I had ever eaten at Schlotzsky's Deli although I have heard of it before.  I loved it.  There was wonderful taste to the food.  I ordered a pastrami on rye and I haven't had that well tasting of a sandwich in years.  I'm not one for sandwich's in general.  I have eaten at other fast food sandwich shops and find this by far better then any other place.  The price is a little more then most of the fast food sandwich shops but well worth it.  Flavor and quality of food alone.  This is not processed meat . I ate at this Schlotzsky and the one in Scottsdale where I had a wonderful salad filled with meat and cheese.  I highly recommend.
Very rude service. Poor choices of sides (e.g. no french fries)
Not sure how much longer they will be doing these Route 66 sandwiches, but if you go here anytime soon I highly recommend the Sedona Chick. So yummy!
Not sure why this location has received so many bad reviews! I used to work directly across the street from this location and would go here for lunch AT LEAST 2 times a week. I still make it down there occasionally since i no longer work in phoenix. The owner and his wife are always so sweet and chatty, they remind me so much of my grandparents. I compare all schlotzky's to this one, and most fail in comparison.  My favorite sandwich to this day is the Albuquerque Turkey with lots of their hot sauce... now my mouth is watering... As far as "poor choice of sides" go, good luck finding a franchise sandwich shop that serves fries! I prefer chips with my sandwich anyways... anyhoo.. if you are in the area around lunch time be prepared for a line, but it goes quick! :)
I like big bunz.  I like big bunz and I cannot lie. . .

Welcome to Schlotzsky's, the home of sandwich harassment.  The cups here say, "You can bite my sandwich, but don't pinch my bunz".  The men's room has the sign "MANLY BUNZ" while the women's says in script, "shapely bunz".  This is a very hostile environment for sandwiches overall, with a large quantity being harassed if not eaten.

Okay, jokes over, but Schlotzkly's started it.  If you're in the mood for a tasty sammich, Schlotzsky's will give one to you in spades.  They are nice and thick--more expensive than Subway, but they taste better.  Two filling sandwiches and drinks cost about $17.

My wife told me that the owner can sometimes be a bit moody here, and this has been seen and reported on by other Yelp reviewers (hence the poor review rating overall).  I didn't have this experience, but it's something to keep in mind.  I'll keep coming back for sandwiches until this guy burns my bunz.
The owner of this location is a real jerk.  I stood in line for 15 minutes and then when I finally got service at the counter- the old man finally told me that his credit card machines were down.  He then proceeded to get upset with ME because I didn't have cash on hand.  His exact words were "You don't have any cash on you?!?!"  Ummmm, nooo, it's 2012 - I figured Schlotzsky's was modern enough to accept credit/debit.  I have no problem with technical difficulties and machines being down, but you should let your customers know instead of having them waste their lunch hour in line and then snapping at them for not carrying cash.

I also asked him how I could go about getting a large drink with my combo meal and his response was " Pay for it."  Hilarious.
I'm a big fan of Schlotzkys, so you can imagine my disappointment when I was confronted by a rude old man at the register about my signature being worn off the back of my debit card.

"Eh, it's time to get a new card huh? Technically I shouldn't take this."

As if I should feel grateful that he uses the same card that everyone else does to take money from MY account for MY lunch. It just went downhill from there. When I explained that I hadn't signed it, but written "See ID" on it, he almost refused to take it. He was short tempered, rude and snobbish. And it was the same sort of attitude and snide commentary the first time I went here.

I won't be going back. I don't need to be insulted and treated like an inconvenience with my lunch. Shame too, it's the only one within two miles of my home.
I will never go in this restaurant again. I have been there several times, with each visit the manager being more rude and insulting than the last time. My friends could not believe the things I told them he said to me during my last (definitely last) visit.

You can get better New York food elsewhere without the New York attitude.

Complaints to the headquarters go unanswered. So I assume Schlotzsky's does not care about customers.
I have only eaten here physically at the location once. BUT I order catering for my office about once a week from this location. The couple that own the business are hard working nice folks, they always take my order via phone and are nice and responsive.

They are almost always a little (to a lot) early to deliver my sandwiches, but always include forks, places, lots of napkins, pickles and sauce. The coworkers that eat the sandwiches are always pleased with the product and I don't have anything but good things to say.
I am a huge fan of Schlotzsky's sandwiches but the price and caloric intake are a bit much to take in on a frequent basis. I have been to this location several times because it is close to my job but have experienced mixed emotions with the staff. Some are extremely friendly (like the lady who calls out your sandwich order) and some are a little rude. The older man who works there, which I am now assuming is the owner based on other reviews, is a little harsh and likes to make jokes at your expense. Yesterday, I ordered a cookie to go with my meal and told me to get 3 because it's a better deal. I caved because I do love cookies and a good deal and he joked I would have to eat them all before I could leave. I laughed and said "no problem"! So, he was nicer to me yesterday but has been rude on other days. Meh, no biggie. All in all, this place is not bad to go and the food is tasty.
Unless you are Black and like to be talked down to, don't eat here! I came in at 5:40 PM, closing time is 6:00. When I told the cashier (Peter) that I wanted to sit and eat, he said they close "in 10 minutes" and I could only get my order to go. I passed on the potato chips and drink, so he lost $2.50. I paid with a credit card, so I obviously had money. When I asked to speak to the manager, the preparer Hedi (sp) said it was Peter. I told Peter that I felt I was disrespected because he wouldn't let me eat there. Peter said he had problems with people staying "at least 45 minutes" after closing and thinks that "other Black people think that he (Peter) talks rude to them." When I told him I would make a complaint, Peter said "go ahead." I will call the corporate office and tell them that Peter profiled me. I must wonder if I were a White male could I have eaten my sandwich there.
Haven't eaten at a Schlotsky's in years.... and now I remember why.  This location is really close to my work and would be so convenient to eat lunch at, but I just don't like the food!

I ordered a half sandwich/salad combo lunch meal.  The salad was actually decent, but the sandwich was bad.  VERY little meat and cheese and way too much shredded lettuce.

On top of that, my meal was more than $9, which is pretty ridiculous considering what you get.  Won't be back, and unfortunately still looking for a convenient and tasty lunch spot.
I have been coming to this Schlotzsky's for 6 years. The old man is the rudest a**hole you will EVER meet! Half the time he helps me and when he does he talks to me like I am a 5 year old and is EXTREMELY condescending. Even while taking my money he was being sarcastic and rude. When confronting him about the way he spoke with me and how he does it EVERY time I come in, he told me I must only come one or twice a year. In reality, I patronize this company 10-12 times a year, even knowing I am going to be treated like I am wasting his time. The wife is BEYOND amazing! How she puts up with him...I have NO IDEA! I can guarantee I will NEVER spend my money here again. The food is great but absolutely NOT worth putting up with someone treating me so nasty.
white people dash into the grocery store to pick up a bottle of chard to go with their olive garden take-out, mexicans go to the grocery store to shop, eat some food, buy some bootleg cd's and see their cousin at the checkstand and make a day out of it. PHXRNCHMRKT embodies this tradition and so much more. the entire left side of this megastore is like 15 excellent restaurants all smashed together. after you order your food, walk to the jugeria (spanish for jugeria) and order a large horchata mixed with strawberry.
MERCADO DEL PARAISO. That is not my review, but rather what is written on the side of the Ranch Market building. After reading other reviews of this place, I already had a feeling it was going to be good...but the Paradise Market...hmmm... Made me ask myself what my idea of a paradise market would be. ( In case you were wondering, it would include Gael Garcia Bernal, Alejandro Fernandez, Juanes and other latinos guapos pushing shopping carts... shirtless.)

Anyway...focus!...Walking in from the parking lot, I could already hear lively music spilling out of the store. My blood started to sizzle with excitement. Then, right after crossing the threshold, I beheld a thing of dazzling beauty- carts and carts of aromatic and fresh pan dulce. I knew this place and I were just beginning a long and promising relationship. 

My roommate and I wandered around the pan dulce display cases, salivating, pointing, giggling. We opted not to purchase as we have way too many holiday sweets left over as it is. We continued on to the jugeria where I had the best horchata I have had in a long, long time. Too much of the time horchata is watery. The Ranch Market horchata was so flavorful and creamy. I drank it just like a little kid who doesn't even let the straw leave their mouth for a moment. 

We then wandered throughout the whole store. I know I probably looked awe-struck because it is overwhelming. It is bustling and frenetic and packed full of food treats, smells, conversation...LIFE. Be sure to pass by the tortilleria and take in the smell of freshly cooked tortillas. Also, don't miss the meats! Chicken feet! Tongue!  Tripas! Oh yeah! AWESOME! 

Who the hell would ever want to go to a Safeway again when shopping can be this entertaining?

I'll be sure to go back soon for some pan dulce, a raspado or some lunch. More than anything, I'll go back for the experience because that's what this place is- a cultural experience.
When I want to feel REALLY white, I just roll on down to Ranch Market to confirm my suspicions that, yes, I am in fact not as Hispanic as I think I am.  This store is what Food City WISHES it was!  It takes the best of Mexican specialty stores and eateries and combines it all under one roof.  Shoppers here are mostly Hispanic with a few adventurous gringos thrown in here and there.  But workers there are friendly and know English - some better than others.

Holy crap!  I can't believe it's taken me so long to review this place.  I only go here ALL the time for cheap delicious down-home Mexican food, cheap produce, and Spanish rice like Grandma used to make.  I've been going to Ranch Market for about 10 years at their stores in Bakersfield -- where they first started.  I used to make fun of my mom for going to lunch here.  Heh, look who's laughing now.  I'm addicted!

The food here is no-frills authentic and seats inside are picnic bench style.  It's not uppity Mexican fare like Barrio Cafe, but it's not Filiberto's diarrhea fare either.  Everything from chile colorado, chile verde, calabasitas, sopes, mole,  tortas, carnitas, chicharrones, tamales, ceviche.  You name it, they have it.   And that's just in the deli.  They have a panaderia with all kinds of cakes, flans and pandulce (sweet bread).  I LOOOVE pandulce.  They even have a jugeria (juice bar) tortilleria, and a counter for fresh cheeses and cremas. 

And the produce?  Cheap and abundant.  I got some bananas and tomatoes just a little over one dollar.  Don't think about getting any organic veggies here.  This isn't the place.  This is also not the place for low-fat shopping either.  But it is so many other great things that the other stores aren't.

Best of all is the atmosphere inside - it is REALLY festive - like you're at Tia and Tio's fiesta.  Mariachis and bands abound here during the weekend.   Dang!!   Fry's, Safeway, Basha's - take note, por favor.  You're on notice.
Get your passport, we're going to Mexico.

Can't find your passport?  Still waiting for it from the State Department?  No worries, pack your bag and head to the Ranch Market!

This place is the best!  The food court is wonderful with so many tasty dishes.  And the produce department is crazy!  2 lbs of grapes for 99 cents, 8 cucumbers for a dollar, 17 cents for a bunch of cilantro, 7 -- YES, SEVEN pounds of watermelon for 99 cents.  You can go crazy with produce and not break the bank.  

The tamales are huge and the tortillas, oh the tortillas. 

Don't be frightened, don't get intimidated, it's just a grocery store people!
Phoenix Ranch Market III is an absolute MUST for any person visiting Phoenix, Az. Forget the upscale breakfast and faux southwest shops that dot and line Scottsdale. Forget the 'burbs of Peoria, Goodyear, and East Mesa. Don't let your visiting family leave without making a trip down to the Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th st and Roosevelt. Yes, this is south of the I-10 freeway and far away from your faux mexican food at Macayo's Cantina. At Phoenix Ranch Market you'll find a side of the city that nearly all of the transplanted surburban population seems to want to ignore, or just completely forget. This is Phoenix being Phoenix, not Phoenix trying to be a new Los Angeles or anyplace else.

After having breakfast at a carbon copy brunch eggery, I was in need of something less perfect and faux. I found exactly what I was craving. When you can hear the sounds of mariachi or radio campesina from your car parked at the other end of a packed lot, you know this isn't the local Kroger you're about to enter.

Part grocery store, part food court, part village market, PRM is huge, it's overwhelming and it's surprisingly clean and comfortable - this isn't a low rent grocery like Food City. With a fresh seafood section two or three times the size you'd find anywhere else in Phoenix, and with parts of animals you've probably never prepared at home, it's fun to just look, but even more fun to buy. Want meat? Want better options? Better cuts? Want an entire skinned cow's head with the eyes intact and staring at you? Check. It's all SO GOOD.

But that's just the meats. They make their own tortillas onsite with a literal factory and small army of workers churning out the flat corn and flour awesomeness. Hungry? Want mexican food? Want great mexican food? ALWAYS consider going here. Think of anything on a restaurant menu and you have it here. Prepared fresh, and a la carte. Seriously. Tamales of any kind. Horchata! Cow Tongue! Burritos of immense size and stuffed with anything you want. Some of the best beans in town, rice, and parts from a pig that still actually look like parts from a pig. This isn't the mall food court.

The place is packed with mostly hispanic families but you'll also notice a few adventurous types, including my asian self. Most of the employees speak english very well so language is not a barrier. The only times you'll need help is when asking what is that? And like mentioned above, the answer just might be cow tongue (which by the way, is good, however I can see how the texture would turn some people off. Imagine a soft almost too mushy beef...)

Oh. The food is also cheap. You'll get more than full off of $5, you'll explode at $10. It's seriously like heaven here. Music, people, atmosphere, food, drinks, desserts, baked goods. All of it awesome. I met up with my friend Amy.The.Kidd for 'lunch' and we ended up spending almost 4 hours just walking around, back and forth, trying each new item we found, or trying the standards but knowing they were going to be better here. Mmmm. Horchata, great corn tamales, rice, beans, empanadas, warm fresh tortillas... bring everyone. This is a place that should be in people's minds when they think of Phoenix, not just the golf courses, or upscale Scottsdale, or Frat/Sorority Tempe... but South Phoenix. No matter how scary it is for suburban soccer moms to venture down there.

Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th St and Roosevelt. Take me anytime.
Oh my jesus is this place fantastic. I experienced Ranch Market for the first time last summer. I'm not familiar with the holiday, but it's the one where they bake tons of cakes with little babies in them..? Someone help me here. Back to the point, it was EXTREMELY festive, and I don't know if it was the heat, or that I was tired, or that the place was just so decked out in colors and people and decorations, but I got sick. Sick to where I had to wait outside by the car for my company. Hilarious. Needless to say I was a little frightened, so it took a little while for the curiosity to pique again. 

Second time was yesterday evening. Perhaps it was because instead of being a busy Saturday it was a slower (still busy, though) Tuesday that I was able to survive this visit. The boy decided to use it for a school project so I tagged along to see if I could help. The second we walked in the door however, all hope in my helping him was lost. My mind was in a frenzy as I decided where to stop first. The Jugeria for some Horchata? Or the restaurant for some asada? Or maybe the bakery for something sweet...? 

Found out the Horchata is way too sweet (but delicious) to drink alone so I shared with the boy. Grabbed some kind of sweet roll from the bakery that we practically fought over...and oh my! It was Taco Tuesday at the restaurant! I ordered 4 asada tacos for $2.99 and thanked the lord my boy is a vegetarian. Best carne asada ever! 

And the atmosphere in here is great. Oh! And they're open late. 6a-11p. The employees are friendly and the customers (mainly families) are just so full of life and happiness (or maybe it was the Spanish music blaring on the loudspeaker?). All in all, this is a new fave. I will most definitely be looking into more of the daily specials and sweet rolls.
This place is awesome.
The Traditional restaurant as well as the deli style restaurant inside.
The assortment of food items is amazing, too many good things to choose from. And the prices are great.
It is a great experience, if you like Mexican food you must go and check it out. This is the closest thing to Mexico without being there. 
After eating it is great to explore the rich colors and products in the market.
And don't forget the Sunday brunch with tons of choices and lots of traditional entertainment.
stimulus overload!!! and i loved every moment of it.  i SO wish i had a store like this near my house.  each isle brought new delights to my eyes.  specialty mexican items everywhere.  my mind was racing with all the things i could make.  unfortunately i'm just visiting and can't haul food home.  

the fresh cheese section was intense, as well as the seafood, meat, produce and hot food booths.  i seriously couldn't make up my mind what to buy and try.  i was in this palace for 1 1/2 hrs!! a grocery store!!  

i ended up with the carnitas burrito which was one of the best i've ever had...and it only had beans, rice and carnitas in it!! no shit.  i also tried the camarones ceviche. coulda used some more limon y chili for my taste, but the fresh avo on top was bombey!!  

the fresh jugo bar was insane.  it was also cool being the only whitie in the building.  this evening, i didn't see one other geras. just me.
Gotta love this Market.  I take people here as a sort of a tourist attraction.  They have everything and it's all fresh.  A total culture shock, but fun none the less.
So I visited this unique market after reading some of the glowing reviews from other Yelpers and I must say the Phoenix Ranch Market is awesome. Like any good market the wide variety and abundance of fresh food at PRM makes shopping at the old chain store a boring old chore. The operative words here are fun, vibrant, and cheap. I went on a Sunday so I kicked it off with a steaming bowl of menudo, a beef tripe soup with a ton of garnishes so you can personalize your bowl. After I finished I wandered around filling up on fresh tortillas, dried and fresh chiles(my mole can beat up your mole anyday), my eyes were agog as I absorbed the sight sounds and smells of the bustling market. My favorite area was the meat counter where patrons bickered with the butcher over the best cuts and a peeled cows head stared blankly at me.  I swear I saw that thing blink at me.  Anyway a great place to visit if your in the mood for a tongue torta and some mariachi music.
Best place to go when you are feeling blue!

As a fresh new transplant to the area who knows absolutely no one besides her beyond retired neighbor who hits the pillow by 4pm, I often find myself slightly lonesome.  Instead of watching another episode of entourage, I decided to see if you yelpers were right....THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!

Not only were my new Mexican friends staring at me because I was the only white gal in sight, but probably because I was beaming from ear to ear!  From the outrageous meat section to the beautiful bakery I think I could easily spend a whole day there.  The store was extremely easy to find and for a whopping $1.88 I left with a gigantic cucumber, 2 over-sized oranges and at least 2lbs of grapes!  

Great place, cant wait to go again!
Everything about this place rules the bakery, my fav is the pan dulce and they have never ending varieties of everything, the kitchen part is great food to order great prices, the refresco cold drink bar with fresh fruit yummm. It is a huge place and has lot's of elbow room. If you are into meat you will love their meat dept. it is muy gigante! FUN FUN place for everyone for sure!!
What makes Ranch Market so great is that it creates a fantastic experience for its customers. When you enter through the sliding doors for the first or thousandth time, you immediately understand what Ali Baba must have felt when he uttered, "Open O Simsim". For if you've entered through my favorite entrance (the West entrance), you'll be flanked by rows of 7' glass pillars filled with bejeweled pastries for sale.  The experience only gets better from there. Truly, Ranch Market is more of a destination for me and less of a stop. Highlights for me, include but are not limited to:

- having a smoothie made for you from fresh fruit and vegetables that are both peeled and pureed for you 
 - a produce area that reminds you of that great farmers market where the wooden carts are pilled high with produce so fresh you can feel the earth still holding on to the vegetables
 - fans dancing throughout the store with streamers hanging from their blades
 - a cafateria style food service area that rivals most modern mexican restaraunts
 - ceviche that both tastes like the ocean and smells like limes hanging on tree




 -
This place is great!  For starters, when you enter, its very colorful.  There was some spanish music playing overhead, and loads of things to look at.  They have a huge meat department, groceries, bakery and everything im between.

I wandered through the isles and liked what I saw.  I ended up eating a breakast burrito at thier food bar at the far end of there store.  I think this is a truely southwest expereince to come here, and I wish I had known about it when my friend Jason came out last October.  

They also have a lovely resturant attached to this place (as if the store itself won't do it for you) and that it authentic in itself.
My husband and I lovingly refer to Phoenix Ranch Market as Food City on Crack!  This place is amazing, but be prepared for a bit of culture shock as this is a truly authentic Mexican grocery store.  I have only walked the perimeter of the store, which is the bakery, fish market and carneceria. 

The bakery is phenomenal,  I would especially recommend the dulce de leche cake.  Next stop fish market, with an excellent seafood spread.  You can order food-to-go straight from the market, I recommend the shrimp ceviche.  Next stop the meat market - Wow!  Some interesting food you would not find at your local Albertson's.  Carne Asada (marinated) is an excellent and cheap choice to take home and have a mexican bbq in your very own backyard.  

The restaurant next door is also very good - great seafood enchiladas.  There are also soom little shops with items you would expect to find at a border town shop.
I don't want to be controversial, but most of these crowning reviews are from those not likely to have seen what a true mercado may look like, and yes, I'm referring to ethnicity.  

Phoenix Ranch Market is the Knot's Berry Farm to Mercado Tipico's Disneyland.  Its a noble effort to bring Mexican staples and unconventionals to the big city in the middle of Arizona, USA, but the product are tinged with americanization; from their weekend menudo, which is wholly rubbish, to the carne which is a grade above what you would get in a true Mexican market (damn FDA).  Though the latter may sound like an unusual gripe, its that stringy gato-grade-meat that makes fajitas and tortas uniquely tasty.  I was impressed one time, however, when my buddy Graham snagged a few pounds of fajita meat for the SuperBowl from PHX RM, and they marinaded it for him in a sturdy plastic bag which included whole jalapenos to boot.  However, I beleive it was Graham's skill on the grill that made them very tasty and moist rather than any particularly amazing grade of meat from the Market.

As a hispanic, the place feels appreciably disingenuous.  Sure, they sell the liquados and the pansitos, et al, but if you plopped this place in Mexico pt 1, it would fail from poor quality by Mexican standards.  

By all means, if you don't know the difference, then knock it out.  You won't know what you are missing anyway, and you can get your ethnic dinner party needs and a sandia drink while you wait.
Best expirence you'll ever have in a grocery store, yeah i said it,  someone give this place a low star review with a real profile photo. 


Five starts all the way for the ability to make a Market place a destination location.  People come from all over the valley to enjoy themselves and family to a food adventure. Clean, fun, great music, and a lot of people watching entertainment.   Personally I don't know what most the stuff is inside here but the smells and quality speak for its self.  Take a step out of the box and into Hispanic culture.

I recently ate at the restaurant inside it is definitely worth the try.
TRAVEL ALERT/ALERTE DE VIAJE: The State Department wants you to know about new travel restrictions for entering and exiting countries subject to the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiatve, including Mexico. As of June 1, 2009 travelers must possess either a passport, passport card, or WHTI-compliant identification to enter the US by air, land or sea. Contrary to popular belief however, Americans will be able to visit the Phoenix Ranch Market without documentation.

GENERAL DESCRIPTION/DESCRIPCION GENERAL: Phoenix Ranch Market III is an upmarket Mexican-style mercado complete with an interior food court called "La Cocina" (The Kitchen). It is located in a rather unpleasant part of town, but manages to attract a large following of gringos eager to inject some diversity into their palette without risking turista.

THE FOOD/LA ALIMENTACIN: Offerings in "La Cocina" run the gamut from Mexican style tortas, to more iconic tacos and burritos. Many items offer a choice of meat, from ham to carne asada, to carnitas. A separate area offers various seafood dishes. Everything is ala carte, suprising those hoping to economize using an American style "combo".  Despite this, "La Cocina" remains popular, especially at lunch time.

SERVICE/SERVICIO: All orders are taken by an attendant standing next to the line for the cashier. Most guests do not wait long before placing the order. Some have reported difficulty communicating with the attendant however, the other employees tend to have command of the English language. Visitors are responsible for retrieving their own orders and seating themselves at long bench-style tables. 

PRICES/PRCIOS: Like Mexico itself, the Ranch Market is not the bargain it is made out to be. Prices that may look low for entrees quickly increase when adding in the cost of beverages, churros, and gas. Most respondents however, believe that the mercado occupies an important niche between true fast food and more sophisticated self-serve meals. 

SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS/CONSIDERACIONES ESPECIAL: Some have accused the Phoenix Ranch Market from being too acommodating to non-Latino customers. While this concern cannot be dismissed, it is obviously the case that all of Mexico has fallen to this trend. New hotels now gleam along the shoreline in Puerto Penasco, golf courses spourt in the arid desert outside Cabo San Lucas, all while Costcos can be found in such tourist-heavy states as Veracruz and Guanajuato. The Calderon Government and America's Hispanics will have to confront the tension between assimilation and authenticity one agua fresca at a time.
3.5 stars

I want to love the Ranch Market for so many reasons.  It's the closest Market to my house, it's fun and lively, the produce looks great, and the prepared food smells wonderful.

But I don't love it.  I'm actually somewhat annoyed by this store.

Numerous times I have entered looking for something and haven't been able to find it.  I know you're thinking it's some wierd gringa item I'm looking for, but this last time I was looking for canned tomatoes to make chili.  Canned tomatoes!?!?!  I'll cut them a little slack because I actually sent the husband to do the dirty work and he couldn't find it after asking 2 or 3 employees.  I have a sneaking suspicion that they do actually have it there, because it would be ridiculous for a Mexican market to not have canned tomatoes.

Another time I took an out-of-town friend.  He was so enamored with the beauty of the bakery items that he wanted to photograph the many cakes and pastries.  But the tub-o-security rolled over and said "No Photographs!"  Seriously?  These people work so hard to make such beautiful creations and we can't take pictures?  Of food?  (Ironically, the next day we went to Taliesin West and were encouraged to take photographs of everything except the gift shop.)  And, we left empty handed because the store didn't have 2 of the ingredients we needed.

Bottom line:  If I'm incredibly unspecific with the ingredients I am looking for, I can definitely do some grocery shopping here.  But any ideas for meals are usually thwarted and I end up at Safeway.
This place is like crack for foodies :)  You just cannot get enough!  This should be #1 on your list when out of towners visit you, they'll just drop their collective jaws.  Hit Tradiciones for lunch or dinner and then the market for those tortillas steamin' in the bag OMFG there's little finer in life!!  Their homemade chorizo is spot on, produce is good (and CHEAP!) .  I want one in Moon Valley!
Ranch Market... nothing like it in Arizona.  Even better than Lee Lee's!  This place is an EMPORIUM of great, high-quality, inexpensive food.  The produce is exceptional and once you into the spirit of the butcher (ie. any part of the animal you want, you can get) the quality is also very high.  Fresh tortillas made all day long and a really festive atmosphere round it out.
My friends & I affectionately refer to this place as Mexican Disneyland (I think I stole that from an article on this place or something). Where else can you find bacon dogs, carne asada sold by the pound, bulk cheeses & yogurt, fresh tortillas, 8 or so flavors of agua fresca and chicharrone the size of a "small person" under one roof -- besides maybe, Mexico? 

My favorite is the shrimp taco sold in the back of the market at the pescaderia (even though it takes them forever to make) and a large cup of watermelon, cantaloupe, strawberry or horchata agua fresca. It's the perfect meal before a Suns or Diamondbacks game and a hell of a lot cheaper too! 

The produce also seems to be alot cheaper than what I normally see at Fry's & Safeway. Too bad I'm never headed straight home or else I'd buy groceries there.  

Andale! Andale! to Phoenix Ranch Market!!
Fun, Festive, Inexpensive, Selection, Culture, Taste, Energetic....

The Ranch is a great place, but be prepared for crowds, I don't know of a time we have been there that it hasn't been busy, but Christmas time ... Ay Carumba!  The produce, the meats, the Cocina, the Bakery, the selection is all amazing... even if you don't live close, bring a cooler with some ice in your car to get what you want/need and then feel better about taking it home!  

Be sure to try their resturant (on West end of the building) Tradiciones!
I love this place!  it's a cultural experience!  I think even if you are Mexican, this place delights all the senses!

I love the tortilla department!  36 freshly made yellow corn tortillas for $2.50!!! 

the ladies at the meat dept were fantastic!

The wall of spices, herbs, and chilis was incredible.

I did not have enough time to sit and eat there but that's the plan for the next trip.

I came home and made shredded beef tacos with all the fixings.

My rec is come and linger and enjoy the sights and then have a great lunch either at the food court or at the restaurant next door.
I'm ambivalent.

On one hand, I'm not in the camp of white and/or hipster guilt who will automatically give anything "ethnic" 5-stars, just because that's the cool thing to do. While Phoenix Ranch Market has very delicious food and a decent selection, it's still missing a lot to be a "real" mercado, or whatever.

I'm also not in the other camp who complain excessively about "authenticity". I lived in Guanajuato for three years, so I know at least a tad about the real stuff. And this is an Americanized market -- there are no questions about this, or there shouldn't be, at least. But on the other hand, I don't care. It's nice. We're in America, so let's appease the whities.

Yeah, it's nice. I like this place. I usually always smile at some point in here, but I also frown from time to time. So, I'm ambivalent, but everybody should at least go sometime during the weekend to experience the beer cooler mariachi band and have a meal. I guess.
i luv how u can get pretty much everything u need for a carne asada grill session.  they got real hardwood charcoal for cheap.  i'm not really in2 sour cream, but the fresh creme con sal is so good i really have 2 stay away from the stuff or i'll go thru a tub a week.  they have a great selection of cheeses, ne kind of meat ur lookin 4 and they will put it in a marinade that tenderizes perfectly, fresh juices, salsas, and an awesome made-to-order deli.  if they have the bacon-wrapped hot dogs, highly recommended with the worx!  from the deli, i like pretty much about everything.  tortas to chile verde, tacos dorados to menudo.  

their produce is crazy cheap, but not the best i'll admit.  of course, if u're lookin for a one stop mexi-shop, this is the place.
PRM is the place for Inexpensive fruits, a great-tasting torta (pollo deshuesado), refried beans, and succulent barbacoa y carne pastor.  Grab a strawberries and cream cup by the juice stand.  it's a great way to end a very tasty and satiating meal.  If atmosphere isn't important, save yourself mucho dinero by skipping Tradiciones and eat at the food court.  I tried to dine at the seafood counter twice, but both times the kitchen had just closed.  

To elaborate on the pollo deshuesado- I believe it's chargrilled chunks of chicken (wonderfully marinated and perfectly caramelized) with slices of tomato and crispy lettuce on telera bread.  Ah, telera!  So, so good!  I don't even recall any condiments added.  Just chicken, veggies, and the bread.  

Why not rate PRM five stars?  Two reasons: 

Bad guacamole- it tasted like water- so thinned-down, and yet at the same time had a congealed look about it.  PRM should be ashamed of itself for serving such a sub-par product!  Oh, well.  I shouldn't eat avocados anyway... 

Rice served has corn in it-  It's also served this way in the formal restaurant Tradiciones.  Don't get me wrong- I love corn, but my immune system does not.  Why not offer plain rice as an option?  Rice and beans make a perfect protein combo  Why deny me of it?

At least I can always look forward to the tortas.
I went to Ranch Market specifically to try the Tres Leches cake. It wasn't the best I've had, but was tasty enough to satisfy my Tres Leches cravings now that I won't be returning to Houston on a regular basis any longer. The cake was moist and sweet. There was a little too much "frosting" on top for my liking, but that can always be scraped off. Next time I'd like to try the chocolate.
This might be a good way to kill time if you're near the airport, the food really wasn't that great. It tasted cheap and like it had been sitting there for a very long time. I had the caldo 7 mares and it was lukewarm, wayyy too salty, and the shrimp were mushy. It was pretty gross. The carne asada tacos were mostly gristle, and I couldn't really taste my enchilidas with the thick blanket of sour cream over them. For $20, I could've gotten much better Mexican food somewhere else.
Well, it's probably all been said and been done about this place. Today I finally made the trip inside the store, rather than just going to the restaurant on the side. It was too early for lunch at Tradiciones so in I went. I knew that the market had a lot going on at all times; I nearly run down at least 6 people getting in and out of the parking lot and I'm a really good driver (seriously-not Raymond from Rain Man good, but actually good!). The parking lot on the store side is always packed.

So the focus of my trip was the cucina. It was bustling for lunch already at just 10:30. So as I'm trying to make sense of the menus posted in both Spanish and English on the wall above the hot food line or whatever, I am greeted by a nice woman that helps me decide where to go. She mentioned sopes first, so that's what I started with.

My order was way too much food for one, but I wanted to try a couple of things. So I got both a chicken and a steak sopa, a street taco al pastor (pork), and a side of beans. They did have combos unlike another reviewer said but I only wanted to add beans an opted for a side instead. My total for food was $11.00. Not super cheap, but like I said more food than I would normally order at once.  

So a sope for those unfamilar is not a torta as someone else said. It's more like a weird tostada or open faced sandwich. The base is somewhere between a corn tortilla and an all out bread. It does appear to be flash fried to cook but I'm not totally sure and it didn't feel greasy. The sides are curved to make a small cup to fill with beans, meat of choice, topped with shredded lettuce, grated cojita cheese (I'd describe Mexican parm--hard salty and good!!) The chicken and steak were both tasty. The steak was a little strung together if you will. I'd rather have seen it be chopped better so I would be easier to eat smaller bites. If your teeth didn't make it through that bite, a big chunk was coming along with it. Sorta messy but good though I felt like my sopa was a bit tougher than it should be and my extra cheap plastic fork would bend to the will of the sope.

The street taco was just so I could taste the al pastor. Two tiny corn tortillas topped with a bit of pork. I topped it with onions and cilantro and would totally eat the al pastor in another dish. 

Beans. Not a really a fan. They lacked the taste of say Carolina's beans though the texture matched. A disappointment. 

Salsa bar was good. Hot green and red, and the pico was spicy too. Fresh onions and chopped cilantro are a must so it was good to have those. 

Agua Fresca...Just love it. I had the fresh guava juice. So tasty and well worth the additional $2.91 I spent for the 32oz drink. 

Total food and drink, $13.91. A little spendy for lunch served in stryo while seated on a bench, but it was fun and I will order a little differently next time so it won't be as expensive and I won't order more food than I can eat.

Market, looks good. Great looking bakery (really), meat counter, tortilla factory, etc. I'll probably not go out of my way to get there for things I can buy at Food City on a regular day. This does look like a fun way to go get some lunch before you shop for dinner on a weekend. I'll definitely take others for hot food and a fun people watching experience, plus pick up a few goods on the way. 

I don't really know about authentic. It's probably not. I don't really care. My dad's family is from near the Mexican border and though I've been to mercados in Mexico and even here, I liked that this place is busy and clean. Campy, sure. But like I care!
I had a hard time navigating the ordering process and finding people to explain things to me in english. I got a pork gorditas and it was oily and the meat was dry and tough. I did enjoy the general atmosphere of the place though.
So where does one go to buy food items Christmas night?  Ranch Market... which was open until 8:00PM!  The only place we found open after an hour of telephone calls and internet searchs.. This place has a huge selection!  And it was crazy  busy!  This place is awesome.. although it caters to the Latin comunnity, I was able to find the everyday items to prepare a "white boy" meal!  

Language may be a problem for some, but I found the staff to be very friendly and helpfull!
For this pinche Gringo, this place rocks. 
It's a very festive place to both shop and dine. Their food offerings through their "Cafe" or whatever they call it is endless. 
It's a great spot to grab a cheap lunch. They are usually busy, so allow yourself 10-15 minutes between ordering and actually eating. 
Their Agua Frescos are delicious. I recommend the Melon. It's sweetened Cantaloupe puree, served on ice. There are little melon chunkies, small enough to slurp through a straw. 
Of all the food I've had there, it was good. Carnitas, carne asada gorditas, etc. 
So if you want to immerse yourself in good food and some lively people take a drive down to Ranch Market....
The Ranch Market isn't necessarily Food City; grocery prices aren't rock-bottom. But why go to the Ranch Market to get Kraft macaroni and cheese? Seek out the products that are made here. They're cheaper and better!

They make their own tortillas here, which are inexpensive and fresh. You can literally watch them be made, packaged up, and placed on the shelf. The salsas that are made here are also delicious and taste homemade. The food in the restaurant part of the store has been nothing short of delicious in my opinion. If you don't speak Spanish however, there may be a slight language barrier during the ordering process, especially if you have modifications or special requests. Touch-up on your numbers because your order will be called out in Spanish via loud-speaker. 

The aguas frescas taste great and are cheap. I love tamarindo and papaya. Yes, there are going to be small bits in the drink - it's made from real fruit. If you can't handle that, they do sell Capri Sun juice boxes, too. 

All in all, the "authenticity" of this place isn't what should be in question. I think it is rather authentic. It's a Latin-oriented chain supermarket run by people who know about the products that community seeks. And that's exactly what it says it is, right?

Highlight: Live music in the aisle!
If Ranch Market is not your thing-- then you are missing out on some really great things.  

1.  Chips  (as in chips and salsa)-- they make their own tortilla chips that are only 99cents for a bag.  I brought them to a work party and everyone liked me more than the day before.

2. Birthday cakes for kiddies--- wow- talk about a frickin' cool Dora the Explorer cake, or a Spongebob cake-- it put Costco and Aunt Cindy to shame.

3.  Meat-- this meat case is LOADED, even if you don't want to buy fresh meat, just go there to look at it. 

4.  The affordabiltiy-- C&H Sugar was $1.19 at Ranch Market and $2.99 at any other grocery (non sale priced).  

It's like a party in this place, the last time I was there was right before the holidays and I found myself just having a good ol' time grabbing the chips for a work party.  I even stopped by the jewelry counter and contemplated purchasing a 3 inch gold cross, but decided against it.  :o)
Disney Land for Foodies. Fresh Baked Goods, Salsas, Mexican dishes (the torta cubana is to die for) and an awesome atmosphere, plus more produce than the human eye should ever behold. My favorite place in Phoenix.
I really like this place...a lot!
I wouldn't call myself a connoisseur of mexican food (I like a lot of the places here in Phoenix and Scottsdale...a by-product of being raised where everybody thinks Taco Bell and Taco Time are "mexican food"), but I know what I like and Ranch Market's cafe is terrific!!
I met a couple of friends here for lunch today, and was, as always, happy and full when I left.
I had tameles today (my touchstone for the best in mexican food)...they were great...hot, soft, perfectly spicy, with the sauce ( I do believe I am getting aroused!  OK back to business.
I have had burritos, various tacos, the hot dogs (nogales style), the sopa's and you know what? They are all really tasty and the people at Ranch Market are really nice.
The prices are cheap (esp. when you compare the prices to some of the pricier mexican restaurants that, frankly, don't measure up, taste-wise and quality-wise to this cafe).
Lastly, I could make a meal of their chips and salsa, fresh made, warm, spicy...I'm getting hot again.
Go to Ranch Market, enjoy that cafe, you'll be glad you did!
Mmmmm....one of my all time favorite restaurants in the valley.  I've loved everything I have eaten here.  If you like your salsa hot be sure to ask for the habanero salsa with your chips.  Can't resist the bakery items. They have the freshest Mexican pastries I have ever found in the valley. If you are in the mood for seafood take a trip into the store. Go into the back where the seafood counter is located and they have fresh seafood tostadas that are to die for !!!  There's nothing like a lazy Saturday morning...you take a trip to RM for a bowl of home made menudo and tortillas then you come home and take a GIANT NAP !!!
Go home with fresh tortillas, warm off the stone, and stuff your face with cafeteria-style food.  This place is proof that there is a God, and He loves Mexican food.
Ranch Market rocks!  I swear, this is the coolest place, it's like a big Mexican circus.  I could hang out in there for hours.

The best deal that I've found there is the roasted chicken.  For about five dollars, you get a whole roasted chicken, some tortillas, and some salsa.  Buy a little cheese, an onion, and some sour cream and you've got yourself a little taco bar to take home and eat with some Dos Equis.  Sweet!  Since I'm all about the bargains these days, this is one of the best places to go!

A definite five stars as far as I'm concerned!
Don't pass this place by!!!  Several selling points:

1.  It will make any day of the week a staycation!  
2.  Agua Frescas - fair warning - you will be hooked in no time!
3.  Best and cheapest lunch in town!
4.  The meat counter is the best in town - like the butcher your mom grew up going to - not "supermarket-ish" at all
5.  THE FISH MARKET - OMG!  if you have ever lived near a coast with fresh fish markets - you will be as close as you can get to that in the DESERT!  Not to mention the Ceviche assortment ready to be packaged up and taken home - or eaten right there!
6.  Fruits and Vegetables - great prices

I normally wouldn't recommend going grocery shopping while hungry - but at this place it is a must!  Try everything - and take more home!
This place rocks.  I wish we had something half as good in Charlotte.  We first walked through the grocery and vendor area and were shocked at the selection, amount, price, and freshness of everything we saw.  We ate lunch at the attached restaurant...the best carne asada I have had.  Its been about a year and I still miss it.
Amazingly neat place to check out, and a fun place to take visitors, too, as it's a unique representation of our city's Mexican culture and community. PRM is full of all kinds of Mexican/Latin goodies, from agua frescas to baked goods, prepared meals like tacos and ceviches to groceries and a wide selection of specialty produce. If you decide to dine here, the shrimp ceviche tostada is great. I also really enjoyed the quesadilla...so good 'n' buttery! The watermelon agua fresca was very refreshing, but my advice with all agua frescas would be to stick with the small size because, at least in my opinion, you get a little sick of the sweetness and the same flavor after a while.
The ceviche is to die for! The other food and groceries are great too.
So this review is probably a little biased (cuz shopping here reminds me of the awesome time i lived in Oaxaca, Mexico), but still; teee-rust me, Ranch Market is full of life and great produce and makes grocery shopping just a lil more fun:) 
I usually make sure I go on Wednesdays where produce is ridiculously cheap...like 7 kiwi's for a dollar or 9lbs for a dollar watermelon...I'm not gonna lie, I have posted my receipts on the fridge with pride...these are my "A" graded school papers of adulthood. The only issue is that when I come home with a trunk full of fresh fruit and veggies that cost me $8 I slowly realize I have to actually store and eventually eat all of the produce I just bought. I hear Thursdays are the days to buy meat for cheap--but my fridge is usually busting with pineapple and strawberries by that point and there isn't room for an ounce of carne asada. 
long story short, be prepared to weave through the masses on Wednesday mornings for some great finds. The rest of the market is fabulous as well. The "Tradiciones" restaurant serves excellent--and cheap (shocker) authentic Mexican food. Plus they also have an aisle with cooking supplies (like giant blue pots, tortilla presses, molinillos etc) and a whole wall of spices. 
enjoy:)
Ranch market is one of the best authentic Mexican places in Phoenix. I love there refried beans. I usually get the grilled chicken with rice and beans meal. Very delicious! My fiancee gets the carnitas meal and the meat is cooked perfect. They have many different flavors of horchata and there is always a line for there fresh corn tortillas. Every meal comes with warm corn tortillas and they are really what make the meal. I would recommend just about everything except I think Food City has better pan dulces.
Better be down to chow down!

A super market and food extravaganza combined! While I don't come here for the super cheap produce or bags of laundry detergent, you can see me getting a large horchata at the juice bar, loading up on carne asada street tacos, getting a bowl of barbacoa, getting my ceviche on and finishing with tres leches cake. 

The entire store is lined with a bakery, a juice bar, a giant bar of all the Mexican foods you can eat, a cheese store, a sausage place, a tortilleria, a fresh fish market where you can get seafood tacos and ceviche and a carniceria. 

While other are shopping, I'm busy eating and so are other people! There are clean tables inside the super market for you to get your food, cafeteria-style, and sit down to eat. There is a full bar of salsa and toppings near by. And if you want more food... go for it!

If you prefer a sit-down, they have a restaurant attached La Tradiciones that is also fantabulous! I hear they have a brunch that while is pricey, is worth the dolla dolla bills ya'll!
this place was amazing! i was in AZ visiting some family who just moved to tempe and i was searching on yelp for some good mexican food. pro's ranch market sounded like a good choice since we could eat and shop there.

wow! it was just what i was looking for! i had three tacos - one fish and two carnitas along with a spicy bowl of seafood stew and a coke for just $8. and it was killer! we also bought all the fixin's to create our own carnitas for the following night and the total grocery bill was less than $20. 

here are just a few of the deals - limes for 99 cents/lb.; avocados 2 for $1; fresh made tortillas that were still warm upon purchase - $1.99 for 50! 

the sights and smells were incredible. later we learned that there are several locations in and around phoenix and my cousin vowed it would be his new grocery store of choice. 

do yourself a favor and visit this place!!
I love this place for its food court.  I love the variety of fresh fruit juices, the cheap and tasty tacos, and the bag of fresh tortillas!  Only near southwest, you can get tasty mexican food at a supermarket and the prices are really hard to beat... sigh.
Found myself in the area today and needed a few basic items so I stopped in. This place is certainly a Marketplace! I felt as if I was shopping in another country almost. It was kinda fun and a bit intimidating. But an experience worth taking. Sometime when I have more time and more on my list I'll explore it in more detail. They had lots of lanes open so getting out was quick and the music was festive and Mexican to add to the feeling you're shopping outside of the USA as well as many of the product lines.
This was a bit off the beaten path for me - but I was looking for a grocery store that had more traditional Mexican and Southwest items in stock (I was looking to make Posole for New Years Day - it turned out GREAT!).

I went to Ranch Market for the first time and it struck me as a fantastic experience - far different from Bashas and Safeway! - I wanted to browse each aisle and explore (and I am NOT a shopper!!).  I was looking for one thing in particular - Mexican Hominy for Posole - which they had several options on - but I walked out with a full cart of groceries.

I am planning to return periodically and expand my shopping (and cooking) repertoire!!  Muy bueno del Ranch Market, gracias!
I love the Ranch Market!  The atmosphere is great, the produce prices are very reasonable, and the civiche is excellent! I never go down the center isles, as they appear to be filled with typical grocery store packaged foods  What makes Ranch Market special are the fantastic offerings all around the center isles.  

Here is my advice:  First, make your way to the fresca bar to get a fresh fruit drink, it's just past the bakery at the front door.  After you pick up your favorite fruit drink head over to the grill for some carne asada street tacos, but only order two because you'll want to save room for the seafood bar where you will find a deliciouso shrimp ceviche at a very reasonably price.  I usually order a half pound of the regular shrimp civiche and a half pound of the civiche ensalda; eat a little at the bar on a tostada and take the rest home for lunch the next day.  Yummy!  After you have filled your belly with the tasty carne asada and civiche, stop by the tortilla factory to get some fresh tortillas to go and don't forget to hit up the bakery for hot cream filled churro for desert.
This place is as exciting as going to Disneyland if you're not used to Hispanic markets! The sights, the smells, the lights, the colors, and the chaos had my head whipping back and forth all evening. 

We started off with dinner in the cafe inside the market - just $5.99 for 3 street tacos, beans, and rice - and it totally filled me up. I washed it down with a Mexican coke in a glass bottle and it took me back to my childhood to the days before corn syrup became the norm. 

After eating, we took our time perusing the aisles and examining the foods foreign to us. They have a beautiful produce department and the prices were great on both the more exotic items like fresh papaya's to the staples like tomatoes and lettuce. 

The meat department is a carnivore's dream come true. Loads of fresh ground beef, pork, and poultry at very fair prices. I had to laugh at the ground pork in the glass case and wish I'd brought my camera. The butcher shaped it into a pig head - complete with a snout - and put cucumber slices for eyes. Not something I'd expect to see at my local gringo Fry's.

Shopping here was a real cultural experience tonight and I can't wait to tuck into the treats we brought home!
Of the Rancho Market locations in Phoenix, this one takes the Cake! I will never go to any other location as long as I live in Phoenix.

This is a seriously happening place, music, food being grilled, and 100's of people shopping for food.

The Cheese counter, Meat counter and Produce are impressive. Any Meat you can imagine cut in any cut they can think of! The Queso Fresco selection is almost intimidating for a girl like me! But one at time I will try everything!

I almost don't want to go to any other market, because I know that if I need something I will find it here.

The fresh chili selection is imposing, so know something about chili's before you go!

Don't forget the fresh house made Salsa, the green is out of this world! I get a container of it each time I go!
Oh the joy of walking thru Ranch Market... loved the produce section . lower prices , bigger bunches of cilantro , onions and other goodies...pineapples for 2lbs for .99 ? Yes please!  With my buddy Tom as my guide we perused and discussed  all foods  Hispanic.. we talked cremas, with me buying something close to a creme fraiche,  and a arroz conleche that might make stop by there every time I am near..that is some good rice pudding.  We also  looked over their large selections of  dried chiles  for my chili carne I am working on.   My husband  found yummy morsels of ceviche  to his liking and he also tried a  variety of streets tacos.   Loved this adventure in food and look forward to going back ..
Take a trip to Mexico with out even leaving the city. 

I made my first trip here today with some co-workers for lunch. Parking was tight. 
 
I walked in the door to a very colorful (literally) scene packed full of people. Upon entering I was offered a sample of ricotta cheese on a piece of tostada.  What a great way to start a visit I love samples, I love cheese, and new places.

Words can not fully describe how eclectic this place is. There are many types of foods that you will not find anywhere else.

The perimeter of the market is dotted with cafe's from a Fish one, street deserts, juices, bakery and Mexican food. 

I oped for the fish cafe, I had the fried talipa vera cruz. There was several pieces of lightly battered talipa covered in a fresh mix of olives, peppers onions and tomatoes.  It came with 5 fresh corn tortillas, rice and beans all for $5.73.  

I took the meal to the other side of the store to have it with my friend who had Mexican food. I enhanced my meal with the many items from the salsa bar, included fried peppers, and a avocado salsa. It was a great meal especially for the price. 

My friend had the barbacoa, which he also really enjoyed.

Part of the fun was the sheer exotic nature of the whole market. My co worker who is from mexico said it was just like the markers in Mexico. 

I will return again as there are many many exotic (to me) things I still wish to try and at the low prices I can afford to try them all.
A piece of Mexico downtown Phoenix. A common visit after hiking South Mountain, specially to drink some "aguas frescas". If you can, you can even mix horchata with any other flavor!!!!!

Many mexican products!! variety of chiles and salsas. This place is better than Food City. The carnitas they have, are just excellent! try them or take them home.
4 1/2 STARS

What can I say? This is an amazing place. It's a 100% large Mexican supermarket. It has a huge variety of all products including fresh fish, meat & produce.

You can also eat there, which we happily did. At the deli, we had a ceviche tostada and a fish taco for $4. The ceviche was delicious, although the fish in the taco wasn't cooked through.

Then we walked by the bigger, better food counter & couldn't resist the tacos there, which were fabulous.

Only demerits here are for sloppy, haphazard service & the undercooked fish taco.

A great place...
This is where I shop for fruit and veggies since our Farmer's Market is less than stellar. (Good effort, though, but my heart belongs to the one in Hillcrest) The prices are great-the best of any local grocer. Added bonus...who doesn't want to enjoy some ceviche while they shop?!
I love this place. Best Horchata in Phoenix (you have to get it early though because they keep it cold with ice so by late in the day it is slightly watered down and the ideal heterogeneous concentration is lost). The food court inside is amazing. I have been there more times than you and have never had a problem with any of the food or staff. Sometimes communication can be difficult when ordering but if you know exactly what you want (like me) or unless you are fluent in Spanish (which I am not) there should be no problem, so no lallygagging around and no special orders. 

The constant excitement added with a little bit of the English vs. Spanish war gives you the warmth and feel of a truly authentic Phoenix super market food court (I am sure there is some special name for it in the Hispanic culture, or at least something that sounds cooler than food court). I am fortunate that within my lifetime to have lived within a 5 minute drive of the Ranch Market, and I miss it dearly.

I know there are a lot of grocery stores called "Ranch Market" throughout the Valley, but when you live anywhere near this one it is the ONLY Ranch Market you will acknowledge. Go there, get a 1/2 pound of carnitas from the cooked meat section, it comes with corn tortillas and some green salsa/sauce/concoction that goes with it great. Don't forget the beans and rice. Salsa bar is on the left on the way out. 

The prices are great. Best bang for your buck in this town.
I love this market. it's my go-to spot for all things authentcaily hispanic. My wife's family is from Puerto Rico and I can find what I need to cook her home food here and hardly anywhere else in the city. They have everything you need for a hispanic feast or good ole barbecue! 

I like to rummage through the meat department, try one of the probably 20 different types of crema, pick up some fresh tortillas and get vegetables I can't normally get elsewhere. All in all, this is one of my favorite shopping places in Phoenix.
I went here yesterday which was fantastic! These markets are huge and the inside is ridiculously fun! 
So I am just going to do a recap on my experience.
*Great prices on authentic products, the cheese counter was insane as was the meat counter!
*The agua counter was really fun and I did love the horchata!
*The area to eat lunch was fun I enjoyed my street tacos and the al pastor tacos were amazing! Yummy plus very inexpensive seriously!
*The bakery well lets just say I just kept staring at it wishing I could have it but I splurged on the tacos and horchata! Though my daughter loved it! :)
*Hehehe I saw a cow's head and it was amazing---kind of creepy but let me just say I want to try cabeza now!
*Jewelry!

Oh gosh there is everything this is a fun place to go especially if you are wanting to try to find some key ingredients to create a great authentic Mexican meal!  Will definitely go again next time I need to take my fiance and son so they can experience it as well!

Definitely a must go in Phoenix it is unique and very large.
they have the best ice cream ever. it is better than any ice cream or gelato shop i've ever been too.

i'm addicted to the bubblegum, which is labeled something like chiclet or chica. it is bright blue. and it is heaven in my mouth.
I love this place!    The meat is always fresh and affordable.  The fish too.  The veggies often fresher and more affordable than at other grocery stores in the area.

This is the only place I buy my corn chips or tortillas.  This is also where I enjoy coming to get a quick Mexican food fix.  Just last night I picked up a whole chicken prepared Asado (think grilled/brick chicken) for $5 which included fresh corn tortillas and a generous portion of their Salsa Molcajete (my favorite here).   Now I can get a roasted chicken here too, and while priced equally to Costco or Safeway...neither give you the tortillas and salsa that make it a meal.

Other times I have picked up some ceviche at the fish counter, and for the price/lb they include avocado, tostadas and  extra limes. Again a full meal.  They will also fillet or fry up any whole fresh fish right there for you. 

You can't forget your fresh pasteries, baked goods and cakes.  Or maybe just some Ice Cream or a large agua fresca in one of at least 6 flavors. Of course now that the fall is here they also serve up Mexican Hot Chocolate and Chompurado....

If you are in for a cultural experience stop in here.  Don't worry most people speak both English and Spanish.  I prefer to practice my Spanish when I stop in.
Where else can you find a bargain cow head for $32!?!
Just got home from this place.  For Mexican food supplies, can't beat it!!  But for meats and greens, I tend to go elsewhere.

Typically, I go to Phoenix Ranch Market to pick up Mexican foods. I LOVE TACOS (and wouldn't mind receiving recommendations on the best place to get them)!!!  The prepared food in the cafeteria is enticing, but I have not had the chance to eat any yet.  However, the tortillas are very cheap and tasty (some made in house, I believe).  Additionally, the salsa bar is excellent, with approximately 6 types of salsas available for bulk packaging.

As mentioned above, I do not typically purchase meats or greens here.  They have a large selection of meat, but the butcher area is generally a mad house and a lot of the meats do not look particularly great.  The veggies and fruit are hit or miss, but the greens tend to be quite old and do not look good.
The produce in American grocery stores looks perfect but has no discernible taste, The produce in Mexican markets has gouges, bruises and imperfections, but tastes wonderful. 

Priorities.

The place is vibrant with life that you don't get in any American-style grocery. It's a feast for the senses. 

Don't expect fast or snappy service at the lunch counter. There's usually a line. Knowing Spanish helps a bit, but there's usually someone around who can translate. For your patience you will be rewarded with the real tastes of Mexico: The gristle of lengua, the insanely savory flavor of the carnitas, the wonderful aroma of the barbacoa.

Just go. Pick up some real tortillas and some Coke in real glass bottles too. It's still made with sugar, dontchaknow?
Wow! What an experience!  Musica Mexicana is piped into the parking  I was approached by a woman just after parking, who asked if I was interested in some of her homemade tamales. She was a sweet woman but, no, no gracias. Entering the store I was overcome by memories of shopping with my Tias, (aunts) in Mexico so long ago. What I saw made my mouth water. Ensaladas, platos de carne asada, chorizos, filetes de Talapia, pan dulce (sweet breads) oh! and the cheeses! The meat prices you cannot beat. Steaks so red fresh you could almost see a heart beat. I recently bought a roast at another market for about $15. Here at the Ranch a roast 2.5 times the size was only $3 more!!  This place is BUSY. But from what I saw everything looked clean and there were people ready to help me with whatever I needed. I really loved this place.
I've been here a couple times now for lunch, and seriously, this is some of the BEST mexican cuisine in The Valley. The experience alone of going here is worth the visit. The price of a meal; super inexpensive. The deliciousness of that meal: out of this world! 

The pastries are the next big thing that I look forward too when coming here. It's by far the biggest bakery I've seen with the largest, freshest variety of pastries. 

The produce, though I've never bought any myself (others with me have), is very well priced and VERY delicious. My only advice when coming here; know a little Spanish, it helps (I'm still learning). But don't worry, the staff is super friendly and fun (and patient). :)
Oh man, the most amazing mexican grocery store! The produce is cheap and incredibly fresh. Also the corn tortillas were fresh made and warm when we bought them, and delicious at dinner that night! (warning though, do refrigerate them because they go stale fast!) We had lunch there too, the tacos were fabulous. The meats are great, and they have a bar for toppings.
This place was uber cool. I grew up 10 mins from the Mexican border so I was fortunate to grow up with authentic Mexican food- from restaurants and taco stands to my friends Nana making homemade tortillas and rice and beans and well, everything. 

We were in the mood for carne asada tacos to grill at home and decided to buy some meat here instead of food city or the carneceria up the street. I heard about the hype and great reviews but never got around to checking it out. 

This place rocks! 100% authentic and has everything I need to make virtually any Mexican dish I can remember. 

The place is so cool. I can't get over it. Bakery, deli, tortilla factory, cheeses, meats, seafood, veggies, spices and candy. It has it all. It's pretty much the Mexican version of Lee Lee's, only cooler looking and more fun. 

Check it out.
This place is always crowded, noisy and kind of overwhelming.  But it is sooo worth it just to come in for one of their delicious agua frescas.  They have a stand near the produce section where they will ladle you a huge cup of iced fruit juice.  My favorites are the cantaloupe and the watermelon, but they're all good, the perfect thing to take the edge off a hot Phoenix day.
Food is good. Place is nice. And girls are hot like a chile lol 5 stars yay!
Awesomest mexican grocery store ever! This place is huge, clean, well kept, stocked with all sorts of awesome products, super low prices, and the friendliest people. I hate getting in the car for anything, and Phoenix Ranch Market is worth the 30 mile drive. I knew I was in for a treat just after getting out of the car - mexican party music piped into the parking lot & super bright displays visible through the doors. My boyfriend & I went up and down every aisle grabbing fun products to make awesome meals at home - masa, cast iron tortilla press, various mexican cheeses like asadero & oaxaca, fresh chips, fresh butter tortillas, real sugar pepsi & coke bottles, dried chillies, dried herbs (mexican oregano & cinnamon), nectars & coconut water to use as margarita mixers, etc. There is an entire cheese deli devoted to various kinds of cotija cheese (there had to be at least 10 different kinds). You can buy every kind of fresh tortilla your mind can think of, even whole wheat. There is a fresh fruit & salsa bar where you can buy stuff priced insanely low by the pound ($1.50/pound of fresh fruit?unreal!). There is an agua fruit bar with 10 different kinds - the coconut is to die for (and makes awesome margaritas!). 

I love this place.
The only reason that I do not shop more at Ranch Market is because of the distance.  Now that I have that out of the way...

Ranch Market is my favorite supermarket.  It is nothing but a fun experience everytime I go.  They have a vast selection of food, a great source of produce, and the best food that has ever been served in a grocery store. 

Sometimes, I go 15 miles out of my way, just to have some of their Carnitas tacos.  They are to die for!  Fresh meat, fresh tortillas, and a large selection of fabulous salsas makes for an incredibly delicious lunch.

Make sure you go over to the drink station and try some of their Horchata.  Horchata is a drink made out of almonds and rice... It is creamy and delicious.  If you are looking for something sweet, then go with their Hibiscus.  It will literally melt in your mouth.

Everyone who lives in Metro Phoenix needs to go to this place.  It's a true treat!
Hello Ranch Market, nice to finally meet you ! Since moving to my new hood I have fallen in love with this store. They have things I have never seen before anywhere else. I am so overwhelmed when I go here, I am in sensory overload.

Mexican bread is 5 for $2, bolillos are 6 for $1, tons of seafood, fresh chorizo ( which I have been eating everyday for a week ), tons of snacks packaged by Ranch Market for super cheap, you can get a meal for 4 people for $10 ( carnitas, rice, beans, tortillas ) and tons of other specialty items. The atmosphere is fun and inviting and everyone is friendly. This store has inspired me to create new dishes at home, like my homemade beans and chorizo. 

Go here, eat some of their prepared foods that are inexpensive and delicious OR get some fresh ingredients and make something yummy at home.

See ya soon Ranch Market.
load up on fresh fruits and veggies here.

their seafood is cheap and good!

try their aqua frescas for refreshment during the hot summer!
The produce is so cheap I suspect it's been stolen. The restaurant inside is delicious and so inexpensive I feel like I'm committing some sort of crime when they swipe my card for under five dollars for the world's best torta and a complimentary agua fresca. The quality of the meats and produce is VERY hit or miss, but honestly, it doesn't bother me.
A trip to this place is fun and entertaining.  I could walk the isles for an hour just looking at everything.  If you love Mexican food you gotta come here.  And the market has the lowest prices for vegetables.  Cucumbers 6 for $1.00 and radishes 3 for $1.00!  I bought a large package of chicken breasts (5 big breasts) and they were only $4.32!  Went home and roasted them up the oven for chicken tacos.  The chicken was perfect.  Next time I'm there my plan is to stock up on chicken breasts for the freezer.  Did I mention the bakery?  Anyway, it's all good.
Love this
It was a scorcher. Certainly one of our famous triple digit days, and as I sat in the passenger seat, bumming a ride from mi amigo, Vicente, I couldnt shake my contempt for his leather seats.
 We drove down Roosevelt in the Garfield district towards Ranch Market, on the way discussing the Alwun house, Rito's, and some colourful housing that we both agreed leant to the overall gentrification of the neighborhood.
 The grounds of this place are sprawling, palatial in fact. I was completely ripped and had on a pair of imitation wayfarers that had a broken arm and kept sliding off my face with the least possible movement of my head. 
 Endeavoring not to break them further I held my head at rigid attention my back was grammar school like in posture. I then realized how arrogant and white I must've looked, in my mind I fantasized I was a conquistador with a local Toltec guide showing me the ins and outs of the Aztec village we were entering, then I kinda got sick of that phantasy and pictured myself as a balmy Harrison Ford intrepidly following Albert Molina through an alternate ruinous Mayan temple, all the while expecting danger and betrayal at every corner.
 I probably looked half insane as some of the patrons looked at me oddly, giving me a wide birth. Entering the place it's just as big inside. It's like costco and food city had a wild passionate tequila filled tryst and gave birth to the Eva Longoria of grocery stores.
 Vicente and I immediately split up, probably not the best of ideas, but I wanted to explore and he was eager to do the same. I quickly snatched up the worst shopping cart in the store (you know the one with a bad front wheel and sticky grip) and let my stomach guide me.
 Two gallons of horchata. check. Exotic mozzarella style cheese from Oaxaca and  some delicious salty Cotija. check. A lb. of plantains. check. Mango's, apples, dried pinto beans, sugar snap peas, string beans, potato's, roma tomato's- check! 
 Grocery shopping while intoxicated can get a little quixotic, and confusing to say the least. I hadnt the slightest clue what I was going to make, but the colors of the produce were certainly alluring.
 Finally Vicente caught up with me and laughed gutturally upon seeing my hodge podge of a shopping cart. I stared thru him with glazed eyes as I espied the "cafeteria". I abandoned my shopping cart and slowly walked over, intriguiged, literally beguiled by the aroma of cooked meats. 
 I hadnt the slightest clue what most of it was, and what broken Spanish I know certainly wasnt helping with most of the dishes behind the glass, until bingo; Carnitas.
 There was a word I knew and loved, I stared at the "meat" not quite convinced I knew what I was looking at. Sure it said carnitas, but this was...well...it resembled a tamarind bean, but was much longer, and had a color ruddy and blackish, certainly most unappealing. The tube like meat sat coiled amongst itself like tentacles in a brackish water. I stared at it hypnotized, until a young Mexican attendant came to take my order. 
 "Hey man what you want?" he asked, breaking the glamour that held me entranced.
 "...a half a pound of this..." I said unsteadily. He looked at me almost impressed, and half cautiously. As he deflty grasped a pair of tongs and started sloshing the meat back and forth in it's brackish juices, attempting a better grip, it looked more alien to me than ever. I was beginning to come to my senses out of a stupor, and it was slowly dawning on me what this was.
 In a slightly horrified and hoarse whisper I leaned over the counter and looked him in the eyes and asked, "Wait, wait......what is this...stuff!?"
 Then he said, grinning a knowing, mocking grin, "Yoo don' know whad tis is and yoo wanna poun' of eet man?" 
 Just then Vicente strolled up casually behind me and saw what I was doing, the two exchanged a brief chuckle as apparently Vin had overheard the attendant's query.
 "Trrrriiipa!" Vicente exclaimed, using his dormant mexican accent that usually only comes out when drunk or speaking with his parents, to which the attendant grinned and nodded enthusiatically.
 Aghast, I stepped back in revulsion, I'd nearly ordered a pound of pigs intestines.I felt profoundly embarassed, never more had I shown off the "pinche gringo" side of my personality than in that moment. 
 I ended up just ordering some pork ribs that'd been marinated in a chile sauce, along with the ubiquitous spanish rice and refried beans.
 I love ranch market, but I'm certainly not going back until the raspberry of embarassment lightens.
I went over here to try the breakfast burrito's, but it appears that they don't make you a fresh burrito every time you order. I just wanted eggs and beans and cheese, the $1.99, but they were out of eggs? They weren't actually out of eggs, they were out of the tray of eggs for the burrito. They had eggs with sausage and bologna, but I don't like those meats and they appeared to have done some serious time in the pan since opening time. I prefer places that cracxk the eggs, but I suppose too many people show up here to go that route. Ended up with the two tamale special and rice for $3.50. Tamales, which were cheese and jalapeno's, were kinda dry and average quality. Doubt they were homemade. Best part of this meal for me was the Horchata, which was definetly homemade and had great hints of vanilla and cinnamon. I will also give props to tasty green and red salsa (chile?) that you can put on food or free chips. Mexican cookies are also good there, but breakfast burros were my reason for visit and that didn't cut the mustard.
Great staff, great food, great fun! I wish they had a place like this where I live!
Not bad...they have decent prices.
Awesome tortilleria and fun to watch with the kidlets.  Fresh salsas, frescas, bakery items, meats, and cheeses.  Restaurant/cafeteria inside is tasty and you can make your food exactly how you want it (bean and cactus burrito!!).  We go here at least once a week to grab our non-organic stuff...kiwis, papayas, mangos, etc. and the tortillas...because they are gigantic!  Our bill's never been over $40 for four big bags of produce!
This place is the place to go for when you plan to throw a BIG MEXICAN/LATIN FIESTA!!! Si, si, si!!!!! :) 
:) They are awesome, It reminds me of Mexico and its Open-aired local markets. Great prices, freshly made corn Tortillas and its also the perfect place to request freshly grounded masa. Thats if you know how to make Tameles from scratch.
 I have never dined there, but food looks good!!  I LOVE THE AGUAS FRESCAS!!! OH SOO AMAZING Horchata, Fresa, Sandia and Papaya water!!!! :) YUM, YUM!!!
Great service, big smiles everywhere and a large variety of products and produce!!
Best Mexican grocery store I have been to in a long time. Can't beat the produce prices or the fresh food they sell. I eat everytime I go then shop. Amazing
Aguas frescas -- Some of the best I've ever had. Get it. 
Food Court -- Walk up, look at pictures, order food, ENJOY. Seriously good food.  Great salsa bar too. Fill your plate with salsa, cilantro & onions, & pico de gallo.
Sit - Plenty of seating for you & friends. 
Groceries -- CHEAP, stock up on those fruit and veggies.
Pastries -- By the front entrance, grab a tray and load up.

It can be a little hectic, crowded and overwhelming depending on when you go but, that doesn't discourage me. It's a little spicy gem.
I was VERY impressed with this market. The meats look GREAT and their prices are very reasonable!  When you walk in the place your eyes are filled with colorful decorations and sweet treats!  Yes, I said sweet treats.  Their cakes and danishes and other sweet delectables are so colorful it makes you want to buy the whole case full and not eat them....just look at them!    :)  

Frescas?  Yum!  And fresh fish can be fried right on the spot!  I didn't get a chance to try any of the menu but it all looked good while I was there.   

I wish there were Ranch Markets here in Columbus, Ohio!  I'd visit AND patronize often!
Since living in Austin I've become addicted to Topo Chico sparkling water.  Pros RM  is the only store in valley that carries it.  Good luck finding it there now too because I buy it all when I go! Ha!  Also, it an awesome mexican market too
Mmm... Buuelos.  Cinnamon sugar covered fried tortilla tastiness!!  I had my first in Rocky Point (bought them from a beach vendor) in 2003.  When I want what is perhaps the freshest vegetables in the city possible or am craving some Buuelo - I head to PRM!  

Their meat department is CRAZY NUTS!  Need pigs feet or a whole cow head.  Here's your place.  Depending on the day, this place can be a madhouse.

Their produce department - Always fresh...and cheap!  Where else can you get green onions for $1.00 for 3 large bunches. 

Pastries?  Uhhh, did I mention the Buuelos?  Cakes and other treats are always being made and decorated when I walk in.  

Fresh tortillas always being made at the Tortilleria.  There they are standing in a row.  Big ones.  Small ones.  Some as big as your head.  Deedly Dee! ;)

If ever I'm feeling lazy and not wanting to make my own salsa - I'm going to hit up the salsa bar here.  I've tried the salsas with food from the food court and it's always tasty.

And speaking of the  food court - I've eaten here quite a number of times.  Very tasty no mater what you get.  And I've almost gotten it all.  Last visit, I purchased some pulled pork to make my Cubano Rollups.  

PRM - You're awesome!
Oh wow...we found machaca here...took it back on the plane.  Has an incredible and cheap Fonda....tons of choices.  Pasole was special.  Worlds latest pork rinds...great fresh tortillas.  Love this super mercado
Fiesta time but not for the faint of heart!  Fresh roasted green chili is a passion of mine and if I am hosting a party they are a "must have."  If you are in the mood for a Mexican field trip - head on over to Ranch Market.  Homemade corn & flour tortillas, expansive selection of chiles, excellent salsa bar and avocados were 59 cents/pd!  I highly recommend their marinated chicken thighs.  Tip: As you throw on grill, double check and cut off quills left in the skin.  Super tasty!

Produce is somewhat sketch.  I bought a number of limes for Margaritas and needed 2X more.  They were nearly juice-less - if that is even a word.

All-n-all...I love this place.  It is a riot.  Where else in Phoenix will you find a Scrambled Eggs & Hot Dog or Scrambled Eggs & Bologna as two of your breakfast burrito choices?
My roommate and I were throwing a party, and I was brave enough to decide to do a full Louisiana style shrimp boil. It's not shrimp season. :(
The price per pound was more than I expected - and I realized that either a Hispanic or Asian market is the way to go for getting a good deal. Ranch Market had medium shrimp, shell and head on, in frozen 4 pound boxes. Perfect - as I was getting 20 pounds!
The roommate and I headed down around noon on Saturday. We were both hungry, so decided to grab a bite before shopping. He had a bowl of posole and a quesadilla. I wanted the sopa - but they weren't offered that day, so opted for the taco salad with carne asada instead. Delicioso! I opted for a jamaica to wash it down - but now the watermelon agua fresca is calling to me! The dining area (lots of picnic tables) was clean. The salsa/condiment bar was fresh and well stocked. Every employee we dealt with was friendly and efficient.
After filling our bellies, we got some produce (all was very fresh, well displayed and notably less expensive than the Fry's near the house), picked up the shrimp and headed out.
I know I will be back for more specialty items, produce, meat and fish - and the bakery section!
It's a bit far out of my way to do the regular weekly grocery shopping here - especially as we're getting into summer and I don't know I could get perishables home before they perish...but Ranch is hitting my rotation for sure!
I was completely skeptical about Phoenix Ranch Market when my wife said we were going to go check it out last week, so skeptical that I told her I didn't want to go, in all honesty... what could possibly be so good about a little grocery store in a not particularly good part of downtown Phoenix after all? EVERYTHING. Prices lower than Walmart, the largest selection of 89 cent pastries I've ever seen, several small "restaurants", full cows heads for only 49.99, a vast selection of specialty items most grocery stores don't carry much of (Hispanic stuff, fruits, vegetables), plus, it's probably the most clean grocery store I've ever been in. While we don't live close enough to make this our go-to grocery store, I can guarantee you'll see us here several times a month from now on. Five big fat ones for sure.
I love horchata. Their horchata alone would be 5 starts.  Sweet and creamy without being overly sweet, and not that fake powder stuff!! The other aguas frescas looked very good. Wish I had more friends with me to sample the rest. 

I didn't find the food itself to be anything special. Taco meats were dry so I just piled on onions, cilantro, lime and salsa verde. Ceviche was good but had a slight hint of "fishiness."  5 tacos for $6 was ok, but I was expecting cheaper for some reason. I think their whole cooked meats are a better deal - $7 for a whole pollo asado, 5.99/lb ribs and carnitas. I didn't try it, but come with a few people and split those items or take home. 

There are some great deals to be found in the rest of the market.  3lb/99c bananas, 59c/lb white onion, 10lb/$1 watermelon are things I remember. Come here if you want your Mexican nopales (cactus), peppers, spices,  and the like.  Some of the fruits and produce looked great, others not so much.  So I guess you'd have to be lucky for what you need to be fresh.  

Maybe if I'm craving menudo on weekends, I might come back to try.
This place is awesome. Even if you don't need anything, just go here and check it out. It's HUGE and filled with every kind of Mexican food you can possibly imagine. Everything is really cheap and they have TONS of fresh produce. They also have a large selection of hot sauces which I love. I haven't eaten there but my roommate used to go all the time and grab food from the little cafeteria looking area. Highly recommended. Need to try the rotisserie chicken that you walk past on your way in one day. Also, look for the gigantic pig head over by the meat. Disgusting, but photo worthy.
I was so excited to visit Ranch Market, as I never have before. I have been to Food City near my house, which I love, but I heard Ranch Market was like a Food City on steroids.

I was disappointed by a few things...

First the good. It's huge and has every Mexican delicacy you can think of. Awesome bakery, tortilleria, hot foods, huge cheese section, random pig body parts in the cheese section. 

My tummy was growling so I decided to get a bean burrito before I shopped. The people working there were quite disorganized. There were 2 people ahead of me. I person ordered a cup of green chili and the other person ordered a side of rice. Between 3 employees it took 5 minutes to get our three orders out. After getting my burrito, I turn around and my cart with a couple items in it was gone! I seriously turned my back just for 30 seconds. It was obvious it was mine... hmmmm.

Luckily the burrito was delicious. Do not underestimate the power of a good, simple bean burrito. The tortilla was puffy, the beans creamy, the cheese gooey. Yum.

I go get myself another cart and by the time I get to the produce section I realize the handle of my cart is quite sticky. Yuck. Thank God for hand sanitizer in my purse.

Yes, the produce section is huge and has great variety. I saw some childhood favorites there... nopales, jicama, etc. The sale prices on produce were very good. However, the quality of some items were bad. The tomatoes were on sale, but they weren't even ripe. They were pale pink. I didn't even bother. The lemons were mushy and infested with flies. 

The condition of the store in general was run down and dirty. A cooler holding frozen fruit was filthy. The lack of sanitation made me a bit nervous.

Also making me nervous were the many unsupervised children running amok, pulling things off shelves and just creating chaos. I almost accidentally hit a few with my cart. 

Still, I came out of Ranch Market with lots of produce, lots of pork for carnitas, fresh cheeses, fresh tortillas all for under $30. With a delicious bean burrito in my belly. Yep, I call it a good night.
Stumbled across this place early on a Saturday morning. Had a great breakfast burrito and horchata at the tortilliaeria and only wish I had hours to walk the rows of great produce. 

Definitely going back!
I have been going to this ranch market for at least eight years. Here is my review.
The foods are not the same as they used to be. We bought some tortillas and they usually last about a week, but they started growing mold about three days after.. never used to be this way. 
The service we had was terrible when we went for breakfast one morning. The guy at the counter was not very professional and made this face when we asked for eggs, it was like he only wanted us to buy something already made.  When we used to go before they were always more than willing to cook us whatever we needed. On my way back to my table, an employee even walked right into me with no apology!  It used to be so different here.
Needed a place to eat before departure and stumbled on this place. Very  nice people and the food was delish. We ordered tacos and quesadilla - fresh tortillas and fresh meat and huge portions for a very low price ! We were very amazed and left extremely full and satisfied with the service and hospitality we received. I would totally come again!
I shop here sometimes and it's a very busy market, but everything is fresh. My favorite thing to get here is the fresh corn tortillas they make.
Gotta love this store.  Almost like taking a trip south of the border.  Authentic Mexican Bakery, frescas and a nice eating area with both the normal everyday burros/tacos you see everywhere but with other goodies as well. Fresh flour tortillas and a good butcher shop and cheese shop.  A great place to take visitors to also to get a taste of the Southwest.
I used to be an avid food city shopper until I found Ranch market. This store is super clean, organized and has amazingly affordable fresh produce. I literally grocery shop nowhere else. I'm in love.
If you have the time to plan a grocery shopping trip around making it to a Ranch Market here in the valley, I would advise doing so. And go without a list. You will not cooperate with your list once you've walked through the entry to the glorious Ranch Market. 

Do also go when you have the time to enjoy the market as it is always bustling and the check out lines can take a while. 

I almost always walk out of RM with some fresh pico, and other salsas depending on my mood, and some fresh chips to go with that. I then usually wander until I come up with some Mexican meal I want to make and go at it. 

Pricing is great as you can find prices similar to a Food City or Walmart. All fair and same good stuff. 

Only knock I have is the food they serve inside RM at the food bar, while deliicous smelling, and also well priced, has not always been high quality. So I skip the food bar, and drop my good grocery money on the fresh made items and other ingredients necessary for a yummy mexican meal.
I'm spoiled by the Cardenas franchise in the Coachella Valley so this is just an okay Mexican market. A lot of the fruit was cheap but overly ripe (avocados, kiwi, etc). The corn tortillas are cheap, a fresh packet of 70 is only 2.99. Also got good deals on herbs (cilantro & parsley). I would not buy meat here. The couple in front of me bought ground beef & the plastic had come off of the top on the conveyor built. Neither they nor the cashier seemed pertubed by that!
Just had the best fresh pressed juice ever for $6 for a huge drink. A great variety of fresh fruits and vegetables squeezed as I watched. Pineapples, beats, apples, cactus, orange.  Delicious.  This drink would've been $12 at a juice shop. 

I stumbled into the shop for some guacamole.  Got some great fresh shrimp ceviche.  What an incredible find!
really inexpensive produce, delicious freshly baked tortillas, amazing fresh juices, just like in south america! and really overall my favorite grocer in the valley! i love supporting local markets, and this one tops them all!
Amazing place with many choices~ if you are around this area, definitely stop by and get some fresh fruit as well
The carne ASADA tacos are delicious. .. And the price aren't bad at all... But, if in a hurry expect to wait there is never a sorry line to pay for your food.
My favorite favorite favorite place. Possibly ever. 

When I was in highschool my loitering teenybopper friends and I used to get kicked out of here on a regular basis, but I don't hold that against them. We were idiots.

cNstuff has been around forever and is owned by the nicest family on the planet. The minute I walk in there the smell of cheese (or is it sandwiches?) makes me instantly hungry. And there is lots of cheese. 

The sandwich menu is extensive and I always have the hardest time deciding what to order. It seems like there is a new sandwich added everyday. Do I want the Doe Boy or just a plain ol' Tuna? Russian dressing or mustard? Sub roll or wheat? For extra you can get a side of chips, potato or macaroni salad (which is a little too sweet for me). There is also a plethora of little extra snacks to fill up on, candy bars, twinkies you name it. Last time in there, there was noticeably less Swedish products on the shelves which was a little sad. Maybe they weren't selling very well? They were always enjoyable to look at. 

Anyway, please stop in to this delightful little sandwich shop, you won't be disappointed.

Edited to add: German products, not Swedish. They were Umlaut-laden names so I got confused.
Dough boy...dough boy...dough boy...
Cheese n stuff may have a large menu with something for nearly everyone but I just can't walk in there and not order my Dough Boy. Top it off with macaroni salad and an iced tea and I'm all set.

On top of being mildly obsessed with that amazing sandwich, there's much to love in their little space. The friendly family that runs the place is always smiling and happy to see you and welcome all guests... high schoolers on their skateboards, businessmen in their Mercedes, white collar guys in their beat-up pickups...they all are mingling in that little deli. I've yet to go there, and I've been probably 20 times, and not have the owners know at least one guest by name when they walk in.

This was orignally a meat and cheese shop back in the day, hence the name, and they still have some deli products to pick up if you feel like skipping Safeway's. 

It's an old-school, quiet place. It's always nice to dine-in and enjoy the quiet atmosphere and feel like you're not in the big city for a short time. It may be hard to spot the store in that little strip mall, so just look for the Dairy Queen...it's right next to it.
There is a lot of hype for this pretty average sandwich joint. My co-workers and I heard about this place through a listing of 20 great American Sandwich shops and it apparently even had an Oprah mention. After seeing these glowing reviews here as well I was pretty much certain that I would be let down in some way, but its hard to even imagine the reason for the hype this place achieved.

It is an extremely tiny shop stuck at the end of the strip mall with central music. It's so tiny I've parked in front of it before and haven't even noticed it. The inside looks to have been renovated circa 1982 with faux wood paneling and shelving, and vintage boar's head advertisements that have been left to rot. The menu spread out across the entire wall on a confusing mix of chalk boards and computer print outs. The eating space is an extremely claustrophobic setup of folding tables and chairs stuck between the deli counter and the half-assed market shelves that sported international items that were mostly covered with a thick layer of dust.

The actual sandwiches, solid quality deli stuff using primarily boar's head meats and cheeses. That's it? Why would you fall in love with this place? I went with five other guys who ordered a mix of their signature sandwiches (Doughboy, Bizmark, Manhattan), and all agreed you can get a similar sandwich at grocery stores and preferred even the likes of Sack's to this place. There is just nothing inventive about the sandwiches or anything that stands out here other then the friendly Mom and Pop ownership and sweet vintage sign.
People that know Phoenix know this place.  I will drive out of my way to go here when I'm in town.  I will tip extra.  If I see someone in line being difficult I will stare them down, the family that works here could give kindness lessons.

Exactly what one hopes for in a family run deli/sandwich shop.  Half of Phoenix grew up on this place including myself.  

"GOLD, Jerry!...GOLD!"
I feel good eating here.  It's good food (Boar's Head meats are my favorite brand), family-owned, and it's classic.  I like the Doughboy with a Sasparilla.       It's a tradition for me, and they make me smile every time.  Good food, the best service around and just being in there you can feel the love and tradition of a family owned and operated business.
I just re-visited Cheese 'N Stuff this weekend after a while.  I guess just eat during their limited hours very often.  They close very early (4pm).

I love their liverwurst sandwiches and the Bismark but this time I decided to try the Doughboy people speak of minus mayo as I do not enjoy warm sandwich lubrication.  As ever the place is tiny, homey and spotlessly clean.  I had some of the hot German Potato salad as a side and a ginger ale.   All were yummy, delicious and satisfying! 

 As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches, bummer.
Seeing that this place has great reviews on Yelp, and with raving reviews from my co-workers, I decided to try out this place.

It's unfortunate that Schlotzkey's has the catchphrase "Strange name, serious sandwich", because Cheese N Stuff takes the cake.

I had the Manhattan, which was a take on the classic Ruben, and it was delicious!  The only thing though is that I would have loved my sandwihc on rye, not wheat.

This is the kind of place that just oozes good feelings, and the owner is more than helpful. 

I enjoyed my sandwich, and intend on going back, especially because they carry Lutefisk.
i love this place so much for the down home new york city corner look of it. it seriously looks like they picked this place up from manhattan and delivered it to phoenix.

yes, it's small and a little cramped inside. get it to go and let me gawk at all the amazing products lined up across their shelves. so many rare types of strange delicacies i can't believe it. lutefisk! i haven't tried it but i'm going to give it a go next time i'm in there.

although the place may look like a total bummer inside with it's computer-paper-print outs hanging all over the wall listing their food, you can't really deny the cheesiness (oh puns) of this place. they're very friendly inside and recommended i try the corned beef sandwich with melted swiss and mustard. the bread was so soft it nearly melted in my mouth and the corned beef was top notch and not extremely fatty. it was a perfect size as well, not too big and meaty but not too scrawny. packed a lotta punch. they use boars head meats, and you can't really go wrong there.

prices are very reasonable too, you can get out of their unscathed for a mere ten bucks. it's community seating inside so be prepared to go cozy.
This is as local-business as it gets - this deli has been around for decades. For Phoenix, that's like a millenium. I've been to Cheese and Stuff for lunch about 8 times in the past year, and I've always had a delicious sandwich. They have a huge menu and I'm sure if you want something that's not listed, they'll make it for you. I can't remember the owners' names, but they are always friendly and happy to see you. The dining room does leave a bit to be desired so plan to take your sandwich to go - the only suggestion I'd make for cheese and stuff is perhaps tout yourself as to-go only, lose the tables altogether and make a little more room for unique German gifts and such. Perhaps add a delivery service instead? Okay, now I'm dreaming.

PS in the summer time you can get a fresh squeezed 32 ounce lemonade for a dollar. It is FANTASTIC.  And the iced tea is delicious and always fresh.
A mom and pop type of sandwich deli that has been around for many years.  You definitely won't get that chain feel like Subway, Quizno's, or Blimpie.  The owners are always so friendly and the prices are great.  Sandwiches are spectacular and I'm loving the location near Central Ave and Camelback, so much seems to be going on in this area. New restaurants and stores opening up all this time and I'm sure this place will be around for a while.  

I'm getting hungry just thinking about the place!
I am so glad this place exists.  It's such a strange little throwback to east coast style delis.  The service here is truly amazing, they just don't treat people like this much anywhere else.  They get to know you, they smile, wink, tell jokes, make you feel good about buying your lunch. I buy local whenever I can, and love that I can eat here before or after a little shopping jaunt to the ultra-local strip behind here that includes Halo, Frances, Red Hot Robot, Stinkweeds and Smeeks.  It's also right on the light rail.

The macaroni salad is my favorite anywhere.  I know everyone wants exactly what they want, which is often what their grandma/mom/Aunt Jenny made.  Lucky for me, this stuff tastes just like home to me. I can hardly drive by without stopping in for at the very least, a cup of macaroni salad. If I am lucky, I'm hungry, and I can get a cheese sandwich, (which is perfect in every way) or something with the Russian dressing on it.  (The Russian dressing makes me want to get naked and swim around in it.)

The weirdest thing about this place is the menu, which is on randomly placed sheets of paper hanging over the deli counter.  Do not rush, take your time.  Read it all, they don't mind.  They have a pre-printed menu, which has some (but not all) of the items on it, so you can start sorting things in your head.  The first time I went in I ordered whatever struck my fancy first, and while waiting for it to be made, I found about ten other things I might have ordered instead.
I can't help but order the Doughboy every time I'm at Cheese. Mmmm my fave! Yeah, they use an avocado spread rather than the real thing, but that's just the way it's made. It makes it all gooey and delicious. I like to add a sarsaparilla or iced tea, along with a tiny mac salad or potato salad side. It really doesn't get any better. (The Long Tall Texan is another family fave.)

The space is a blast from the past -- humble beginnings with personal family touches. The family owned and operated shop is clean and always welcoming. The clientele ranges from blue collared to white collared, high school kids to grandpas. You really can't get any local than this, people!

Every time I'm in the neighborhood, I have to stop in for lunch...or breakfast (tasty breakfast egg sandwiches). Cheese 'N Stuff is a real treat and never disappoints.
Oh Cheese N' Stuff how I love thee! 

I didn't know of The Cheese until I started dating my now husband. He has been going here since he was a little boy. His whole family is obsessed with this place, to the point that not only does the owner know them by heart and knows what they order, but so does the owners kids! That's customer service! 

I usually get the tuna, its AMAZING but this past Saturday I went for the #5 which is the turkey sammich on a sub roll with Russian dressing! So yum! 


Also, I am wayyyyyy picky about my macaroni salad, and cNs's mac salad is the bomb nonnie! I promise! 

I topped off my lunch with a cream soda! 

Yes its old and cramped, but the sandwiches make up for all of that.
Simply an AWESOME tuna sandwich! Great service, and the atmosphere was really cool. Just wondering what the difference is between pickles and cucumbers in brine. (50 cents, apparently)
Phoenix needs more great mom & pop's like this place!

Great food, a gazillion choices of sandwiches and the like (I suggest looking at their web page and narrowing down your choice before going in)  Reasonable prices, big portions, and a laid back atmosphere makes this place a winner!  It was an awesome place to grab a quick bite before hopping on the light rail to catch a game.
Easily one of the best sandwich shops around. Family owned and operated for the last 60 years. A great selection of subs and sides and even a few imported goodies. If you like sandwiches you owe it to yourself to check it out.
Stan and his kids are really friendly, and The Doughboy is a great brown-bag sandwich.  This place is part of my Central/Camelback routine, right between getting my haircut at Central Barbershop and heading over to All About Books & Comics or AJ's.  

Price:  Good
Atmosphere: Okay, don't really go there for the place
Service: Great
Food: Great

Only problem, they run out of Yoo-Hoo's half the time.
Dam I wish I would have known this place was here sooner. Really good sandwiches. They use Boars Head meat which I am a huge fan of. They have so many different sandwiches it took me a while to figure out what I wanted. The menu is kinda all over the place. There is a menu board but its old and fadeed but they have white papers with all the sandwiches hung up all over the wall. The staff  are very friendly and I'm sure this place has many regulars. Inside its a tight squeeze with limited seating. The macaroni salad is great as is the potatoe salad. I love the sicilian sub. The italian dressing on it is so really good and I think thats why I like this sub so much. My other fav is the club on wheat. Oh yeah I think Ill go there agin today. Sanwhiches range from $5.95-6.95.
Born and raised in Phoenix, I've been going to Cheese n' Stuff since I was 10 years old... I'm normally a vegetarian, but I make exceptions for this place, it's that good!!

Super atmosphere, incredibly great service, and delicious food. The owners are absolutely wonderful, and it's been family owned and operated since opening. The girls who help run it are so nice and friendly, and it's wonderful to see a truly family owned local shop in Central Phoenix.

I absolutely love the turkey and cheese sandwich with a little mayo and tomato. Plain, but sooo good! Price is very reasonable, especially for the superb location. 

I've seen this place really crowded around lunch time during the week, but they are very efficient in getting your lunch to you quickly. 

Cheese n' Stuff also sells a variety of Scandinavian products, likes cookies and lutefisk (whatever that is) plus lots of other foreign foods I've never heard of. If you're looking for an obscure Scandinavian food, you might want to check out this place first.

In short, I love this place. Yummy food at great prices, an excellent location on Central & Camelback (near Dutch Bros!), and family owned. Yay!
I worked on Central Ave for a number of years in the past and never saw this place.  And it's been there for 60 years!!!  I'm slackin' in my mom & pop shop dex duties!  

Had to run some errands in the area so I Yelped sandwich shops looking for one I had never been to before and came across this one.  I looked at their menu and immediately saw a bunch of items that appealed to me.  I still couldn't believe I had never seen this before, especially since I'm sooooo in love with Cheese!

The poor people behind the counter must have thought I was nuts!  I get the impression they are used to people knowing what they want when they walk in the door rather than having me stare at the menu for a good 10 minutes, again.  To my credit, the only lunch meat I ate growing up was a slice of bologna once a year and I've eaten the same Subway sandwich for 20 years so this whole deli thing is new to me.  I asked about a number of sandwiches and they were very helpful in answering all my questions.  "You can have that hot or cold".  "Sourdough or rye".

I settled on  a chicken salad sandwich, surprisingly.  I usually shy away from "salad" sandwiches because most places use too much mayo, or there's funky ingredients like walnuts or raisins or grapes.  I was feeling mighty brave today I guess.  The sandwich was AWESOME!  Great flavor and not drowning in goo.  They have a huge selection of chips or you can try their homemade potato or macaroni salad.  

I can't wait to bring the hubby back for him to try.
Sandwiches are my thing.  I want to eat as many of them as possible from as many different places as I can.  And let me tell you, there is just something about the sandwiches from Cheese 'n Stuff.

It's not big on atmosphere.  There's a deli counter and then a few picnic tables with plastic tableclothes, some shelves stocking Swedish foodstuffs for sale as well as the store's backstock of chips, soda and paper towels.  They usually have some cheesy holiday decorations out.  It's cramped and not that pleasant.  I usually get my lunches to go.

Their sandwich menu consists of about a million pages printed out from an inkjet printer and taped to the wall, along with some hokey signs that say things like "Today's Special: So's Tomorrow."  There's nothing slick or pretentious about it.  It's obviously just a shop owned by some guy and his wife and daughter.

So yeah.  The sandwiches.  I'm a vegetarian, and they have a simple yet elegant veggie sandwich that I find myself craving a lot.  It has cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, avocados, and some kind of dressing.  I get it on a wheat sub roll.  Not fancy, but oh-so-tasty.  I wish they had more veggie options, but this one satisfies me.

I bring friends who eat meat here so I can tell them to order the Doughboy and enjoy it vicariously.  Their deli meat is high quality and there are loads of options.  It looks like the sort of place my grandpa would love and I want to bring him there some day.  No one I've brought in has been disappointed.

The sides are delicious.  I am a fan of the macaroni salad and the pasta salad that has the olives and italian dressing.  If I'm feeling indulgent, I'll get a brownie, a piece of cheesecake, or an ice-cold sarsaparilla.

The lack of atmosphere doesn't bother me; my one gripe with this place is how early they close.  There have been many times I haven't gotten moving early enough and haven't been able to get there before they close, which is 4 PM.  Those times I do get my rear in gear and errands all finished before 4, I do love to treat myself to Cheese 'n Stuff.  I highly suggest you try it.
My family and I have been enjoying the delicalicious bounties of Cheese N' Stuff on Central and Camelback for decades. In a city with a new trendy lunch spot opening and closing every 15 minutes, you will find no greater old school deli in the Metro Phoenix area than this place. With a sandwhich selection ranging from lebanese bologna to the famous "doughboy", I can't seem to leave Cheese N' Stuff without brown bagging at least 2 sandwhiches for myself. Stan and his girls have the magic touch when it comes to delicious sandwhich making, and their macaroni salad can't be beat. Hands down best damn deli lunch spot in Arizona. Do not pass Central and Camelback without stopping by Cheese N' Stuff and experiencing the best deli sandwhiches in the State!
"Is it local? I am just going to ask you one more time, and its local?

If your a central corridor native like myself you have either heard of this place or eating here. I always passed and heard about this place but never took the time to try it out. I would recommend taking the time!

Next to the DQ, Cheese n Stuff is a local and family as you can get. Picture os the last six decades are taped, tacked, and hanging from all places of the store.

When I order my Hot Pastrami on Rye ($5.75) with the $1.29 combo (chips and soda can) I was hoping for the best. The result was a standard sliced bread with 1/4in thick of meat and cheddar cheese.  ehhh was not that impressed. Next time I will try one of there specialty sandwich.

5stars for the [*****]service and keeping the vintage decor!

NOTE: Parking is sparse. Park across the street near the Applebees.
I just checked this place out after telling myself that I would try it for the past 4 years.  I finally went, and I really liked it.  Had the "doughboy" on a sub roll, and it was really good.  There are plenty of other specialty sandwiches to try, as well as just plain sandwiches.

For the price (sandwiches range from $5.25-$9.95), this place is great.  I can't believe the joint has been around for 60 years!  

Don't think elegant dining if you plan to eat here.  The inside is just some tables with tablecloths and very limited seating (almost picnic table style).
Hands down, this place has the BEST sandwiches in AZ!

1. Great Bread
2. Generous size portion of meat in each sandwich.
3. Nice variety of sandwiches.

Wild Turkey is my personal favorite sandwich.
Brie/ Boar's Head Turkey/ Lettuce/ Tomato on Sourdough Bread.
I lived in the neighborhood for a good year before trying this place. Shame on me! This is mom and pop at it's finest. Great portions of high quality meat and yummy breads. Price is such a good deal for what you get and it's always super fast service. My man and I usually split one sandwich and side and are happy full when done. I love the selection of Boar's Head meats as well as I can't find them at the Fry's down the street.
Their sign alone is worth the visit to to Cheese 'n Stuff. You know, just in case the name isn't enough to peak your interest. In which case, we probably can't be friends. I mean who doesn't like cheese. Or stuff?

I popped in here for breakfast one day on my way to work and am glad I did. I ordered a go to breakfast sandwich that was fantastic and extremely reasonably priced, which is a bit tricky to find these days. The lunch menu looks extraordinary, though the hours don't seem to mesh unless you work nearby, so that will have to wait for a weekend. 

The only thing that disappointments me about this establishment, is that they have more stuff than cheese. I was really hoping for more cheese. A more accurate name would be Stuff 'n Cheese. Please, give us more cheese. Gift baskets of cheese. Cheeses of the month. Cheese soup. Fondue. Moar cheese!
I held true to my word and tried lunch here shortly after trying breakfast. I walked out with a texan to go and was completely happy and satisfied the rest of the day. And I came back the next weekend, and had the same thing again.

I still wish they had better hours so I could enjoy them some evening after work when I didn't feel like cooking, but no matter what the hours, when they combine their cheese with their stuff, it's a total win.
Very good sandwich shop for lunch! I had tracked Cheese 'n Stuff down but initially had to wait due to their lunch oriented hours. When we got a chance the other day to finally try their sandos out I was pretty happy. 

I am always a fan of Boar's Head products so C'nS is already headed in the right direction for me. The bread for my Italian Sub was a great fresh, soft roll which had nicely absorbed some of the dressing rounding out a nice sandwich. I have a task ahead working through their sandwich list but expect many great encounters along the way. 

Great family owned spot.
This place rocks!  About a milion times better than just going to subway.  I have been wanting to try this sandwich shop since I was in highschool, and never did until the other day when my husband asked to try something new for a change, and all I ever want are sandwiches.  

The bread is so soft, there are so many meats and so many options that sound delicious, and best of all, I walk out of there actually spending less than I do at subway.

Definately worth a try if you like deli sandwiches on the go.
Felt like I was home in NJ/NY at a deli, good food nice people.
All I can say is, I really hope this place was having a bad day. I was really hoping this place would be good. I loved their sign out front and was hoping for a new place to go...but I guess not.

When you first walk in, there is no real clear direction as to where you go to order. I walked up to where they were making sandwiches for another customer and stood there. There were two people behind the counter making sandwiches. One left to ring a customer up and came back. All along, for the 5 minutes I was standing there, nobody said "we'll be right with you", "Hello", nothing. I didn't even get eye contact, but I suppose that would have meant they would have had to say something.

I finally got an "Are you ready?", which as a side note I thought was somewhat rude. You can't even give me a "Hello. How may I help you?" Just an "Are you ready?" as if I had been making him wait a long time before making my decision. No... I was waiting on you. But I digress. I ordered and decided to get my sandwich to go because the environment wasn't much to look at and it felt claustrophobic.

The food meh and made with what seemed like bagged bread. You can look at my photos to see what I got. I think they speak for themselves.
Cheese and stuff might be the.cutest little sandwich place on the planet.
I love the Blazin Chicken!  Sandwich's are always fresh and tasty!
This is the OLD SCHOOL Deli of Phoenix.  My family has been going here since it has opened, my grandmother, my father, everyone.  We always ordered Beer Wurst Sandwitches with their famous Cheese Spread.  Try A dough boy, Try their Macaroni Salad.  You can't go wrong.  Yes, you do have to know what you want when you come in, this ain't friggin Subway, its a real DELI...
I recently met with a client here for lunch on his suggestion. When I arrived I was surprised...the decor/seating area leaves something to be desired. 

However, the FOOD was awesome! I had the Doughboy, which is their "most popular" sandwich and I know why. It was excellent and I highly recommend the restaurant.
I've been going to this place for over 25 years and it is still a WONDERFUL (family-owned) place to get a sandwich!!!
Very much enjoyed my experience at Cheese 'n Stuff.

My first visit to Phoenix, on the road with my band, I decided to explore downtown. I had a hankering for a sandwich, so I summoned the iPhone and searched Yelp! for "sandwich" and Cheese 'n Stuff was a mere .2 miles from where I was standing (across the street).

The service was very friendly and attentive and the sandwich was by leaps and bounds the best sandwich I've yet to feast on...

I will be returning!
This place is strange. There really isn't any other way to describe it... It's like a tiny little store (that only sells strange Norwegian candies and cookies) with a deli attached to it. It has folding tables in the center of it that are connected to one another so you can make a new friend at lunch (I guess), or have the staff stare at you while you eat (they didn't do that, but it still feels odd to eat there). The whole place is very small, and the deli area is wallpapered with sloppy white sheets of paper advertising different lunch options.

Let it be known, the food was very good. BUT, the place looks kind of dirty, and desperately needs someone to come in and make sense of it. The only issue that I took with the food was that they microwaved my hot sub. It was good, but I feel like microwaves belong at home. Just my opinion.
Had my first visit on Saturday and already have my next order ready! I had the sliced pork loin on marble rye. So many of Downtown's one of a kind places are closed on Saturday, so this will for sure become a regular place for lunch.
This is my favorite deli in the valley.  Whenever I am in central Phoenix I work my schedule around making sure that I get to eat here.  They remember my name and ask about how my family is doing even when it's been months since my last visit.  The fact that you can see pictures of generations of family working behind the counter in one place really should mean something when trying to figure out why you should eat here instead of subway or some other massive chain.  I always get the new yorker.  This is the place everyone craves in their community for lunch and it exists!
Had a great sandwich here the other week. Got The Doughboy which is turkey, bacon, swiss, and avocado on sliced sourdough, warmed up, and I added a side of chips and a can of soda - just under $8. Also grabbed a slice of cheesecake for less than $2. Everything was really fresh and the service was fast and friendly despite it being busy. There's a reason why this place has been around so long! 
They also had a full menu of sliced meats and cheeses for those who prefer making their own sandwiches at home - plus shelves of imported products, seemingly mostly from Sweden. It was nice to see some things I haven't seen since I lived in Finland.

I can't wait to come back and try the Turkonberry or the Wild Turkey sandwiches. Both sound amazing!
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Cheese 'n Stuff. I had the Texan and my boyfriend had the Sicilian with double meat and double cheese.  Both Sandwiches were ample in size and more than enough for any human being. His Sicilian was monstrous. Everything tasted fresh and was FAR better than any sandwich you could get at a chain sub shop. 

We also had the house-made lemonade (delicious) and both the German potato salad and traditional American Potato salad. I wouldn't buy any of these bound salads again. The German Potato Salad tasted like warmed, thin cut red potatoes in pre-made, store bought Italian dressing. Oh and it also contained bacon bits and was very vinegary and very sweet.  The American potato salad tasted EXACTLY like the Resers  potato salad you get in your local grocer's deli or amongst the other pre-made salads. Although it did seem they mixed it with extra yellow mustard. Same tangy miracle-whippy taste - same weird texture oddly toothsome potatoes. And little bits of red bell pepper. The macaroni salad also looked the same.

They did have an interesting assortment of sodas (celery soda,anyone?) along with the usual suspects.  And if you need a meat or cheese plate or both- they do that too!

This place is the quintessential mom and pop shop. Its great. Locally owned by a family who has had it for about 63 years. 

We shall return!
Pro:  selection, quality, service, value

Con: tight on parking

1 of 2 of my 5 star yelp selection thus far.  Family run with great hustle and class.  It's a joint that never disappoints.   Doughboy, do it.  Hard to go wrong here and I've tried all of the sandwiches.  Very good value.   Call ahead or prepare for a wait.  Tight on seating.  I prefer it during off hours to avoid the masses.  Skip the national chains and try this place if you're not yet hooked.
You can drive by this place forever and not know they have the best sandwiches in Phoenix!!  All of the ingredients are super fresh.  Biting in the bread is like biting into a little heaven cloud.  So soft and delicious it's almost not fair that other places have to compete.  I'm not a big fan of deli sides (potato salad, macaroni salad) but the ol lady says the macaroni salad is some of the best she's ever had.  The menu is a little hard to see as it is scattered but have no fear, if you don't find one you like, they'll make you one however you want it.  Family run and the owners are very nice.
A nice little shop, not too busy, that sells Leftza, when in stock. The Blazer I had was good, nice bread with Boar's head Buffaloed chicken.  Yes, you could make it yourself if you want to,but this is quick, no mess place, family run.
I absolutely LOVE this place! I've been eating here for over a decade now and it NEVER fails me. Consistant, friendly, and incredible food! Everything from the breakfast bagel, to the chicken salad sandwich, to the potato salad. If I lived closer, i'd eat here twice a week.
Really couldn't find anything special about the sandwiches here. Boars Head meat is always good, but I'm not sure if they are actually slicing the meat for each sandwich. Turkey seemed like it was cut another time, wrapped up in some plastic and then unfolded for each person's sandwich. They also doused the entire thing with about a quart of Russian Dressing (#5), put some fancy tomatoes on the sandwich and I requested a change of cheese from baby swiss to Smoked cheddar. You can only get about 8 different cheeses here on your sandwich (the rest you must buy) and they only carry one style of Boars Head turkey. No pepper or pastrami style, nothing but boring old plain turkey. Whoever is raving about the macaroni salad must be a rookie as well. The mac salad lacked any flavor and resembled ones you will find in a supermarket tub. There might be some better sandwich combinations out there on their extremly cluttered back wall (it's actually not cute cause your menu is in 20 places), but with the limited variety of meats, it doesn't mean much. Yeah, it's been there awhile, but so what, McDonald's has been around awhile too.
Remember the Cheers theme song "Where Everybody Knows Your Name" ????
Making your way in the world today
Takes everything you got
Taking a break from all your worries
Sure would help a lot

This is THE ONLY place I go in Phoenix and they remember my name and ask about my husband by name. Now, THAT is impressive!

Stan is a wonderful guy and runs a fabulous business! We have ordered many platters for business events and they have been done perfectly and on time EVERY SINGLE TIME! It's hard to find anyone that consistently good.

The meat is fabulous, the sandwiches outstanding and the prices are wonderful. For instance, the cheesecake is $1.69. I told Stan he could double that price and no one would flinch about paying more. He said, he makes a profit at $1.69 and he is happy with that. WOW!

I can't rave enough about this place! Try it, you will love it!!
Change your name. I went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable. It's not even a cheese shop. If your interested in purchasing cheese go to Duck & Decanter, Wedge and Bottle, or AJ's.
Yum!  I am so glad I stopped by today to try this place out.   I was craving a really good, yet simple sandwich today.  As I was driving up Camelback, I remembered how I have passed this place over a thousand times growing up, and it's still there(that has to be a good sign).   When I pulled up I was a little intimidated to go inside because I wanted to eat my food there,  and it looked like there wouldn't be anywhere to sit inside.  But a quick check on Yelp and I discovered they do have seating inside, and someone's review led me to order the Doughboy.  Simple yet AMAZING!  The bread and meat are to die for, so the mayo, bacon, and cheese all warmed up together just hit the spot.  Its one of those meals that you think you can make at home, but for some reason it is just so darn good made by someone else.  Well Cheese and Stuff, you can make my sandwich anytime!   I will be back again and again and again.

*Quick service too.  Got in, ordered, and ate within 12 min.
Shame on me for not having known about this wonderful little gem.  We tried to have lunch on a Monday and the place was packed.  Too bad we were in a hurry or we would have stayed.  So on friday I stopped in later in the afternoon.  The place was quiet and the young gal behind the counter was sweet and helpful.  I ordered a sandwich and german potato salad to go and am very pleased.  The sandwich was a good size, not to big and the potato salad was solid.  I love a small local business and they do not disappoint.
I was excited to eat here after reading the reviews.  
I did not have the same excitement when I left.  
Food was good.  Quality ingredients.  Friendly service.  Fun atmosphere.  But the volume/portion of food was not equal to the price paid.  If you are on a high carb diet or like more bread than meat/cheese, this is the place for you.
Doubling the meat/cheese might have helped, but the price for that would have bumped well into a $$ rating.
Delicious lovely family owned sandwich shop. Boar's Head meats, fresh bread, and friendly people. I work around the corner. . I will definitely be back.
Really into this spot. Reminds me of a classic NYC deli. Sandwiches are tasty and the space is cozy.  The service is really friendly.. I recommend the tall lean Texan.
I have driven by this place for close to 10 years and have never stopped in...but wanted to.  A few weeks ago I came by and ordered a turkey sandwich to go.  The staff is so friendly, the sandwiches are delicious and quite big and the prices are pretty reasonable.  This place has definitely stood the test of time and I can see why!
Cute little family owned sandwich shop in uptown. 
Great meats and (duh) cheeses. 
Good selection of specialty sandwiches, with printed descriptions randomly taped all over the walls. 
Typical of this kind of place, it's a little slow and prices are higher. 
Great location, I'm putting it on my regular rotation.
Went here once, I think on Christmas morning?  I had to work early and I knew they were going to be open, because I worked at a hotel, so we had to know what was open in the neighborhood. 

I had an omelette, typical diner food.  I thought it was related to the one in NYC, but it was not...
Since the BF moved to Phoenix last fall, I've been taking him on an informal tour of old school Phoenix eateries.  As part of our vintage dining tour, we finally make it to Katz Delicatessen & Sandwich Shop.  It definitely has an old school feel right down to the vintage diner interior.

The food was fine.  The bagels and cream cheese were good, but not outstanding.  Our lunches were serviceable, but forgettable.  It was amusing to watch the antics of the staff that outnumbered the diners at lunch by nearly 3:1.  With so many people out front, it appeared that there was only one short order cook and our food took way too long for simple deli offerings.

The real negative for me was the restroom.  I'm not expecting a marble shrine like the men's room at the Ritz-Carlton, but I want the rest room at a place that serves food to be clean and somewhat up to date.  The men's room at Katz was on par with some gas station restrooms that I have been unfortunate enough to see.  We're talking totally gross El Bano del Diablo here.  The dining room itself also needs a thorough cleaning, but the restroom was totally off-putting for me.
I don't think it was that long ago that I went with my BFF to nosh on fine deli foods. He ordered a bacon cheeseburger with peanut butter without the bun (crazy diet) and I ordered something with traditional flare. Well, yesterday  I was jonesing a bacon cheeseburger with peanut butter but this place has closed. Sigh. The times I came here were great. I loved the menu. I loved the bitchy waitresses. I loved the tacky seating. This was a sweet-ass place. And now it's closed. Shucks. How long was Katz here, serving up deli delectables to the masses (and high school students) for all those years. Cripes. Good bye, Katz. I didn't grow up with you, but I did grow bigger with you. And you'll be missed.
Katz Deli is indeed closed -- but the space will become a second Postino location.
what? closed?!! how disappointing. I was just here like three weeks ago. 
I have been eating here for years. You could always get a very filling  breakfast that was pretty inexpensive. 

Katz's Deli you will be missed.
07/15/07

The quintessential New York Deli...or at least what I am told one should be (having never visited New York).  

Solid, satisfying, hot and cold sandwiches with a variety of potato and salad (macaroni, etc.) side options.  Cafeteria style, so know what you want by the time you get to the counter.  It's a great place to go on Sunday morning and read the paper while you enjoy a carved sandwhich.  Of course, there is nothing heathy about any of this food, but it's solidly tasty and satisfying.  Slightly pricey (hot dog special is a good economic choice), but the atmosphere is relaxing, always clean, consistent quality, and they have free self-service water, so you don't have to bother with getting back into line if you're still thirsty.  

What makes it unique is its authenticity and distinction from chain and fastfood stores.  It's not particularly interesting food, just good to satisfy your deli cravings.  Plus, I believe it's locally owned with gives it actual personality.

Come on Sunday and then walk down to PetCo. (or is it Petsmart?) and visit the adoption dogs.
It was great to find a New York / Jewish style Deli in the middle of Phoenix on my last trip out there.  Miracle Mile doesn't hold back on their servings and prices albeit a tad high, is well worth it.  You can't go wrong with the 3-D Sandwich Combo, it has Corned Beef, Pastrami, and Roast Beef.  Ask them to toss in some thousand island and sauerkraut.  I beleive they have multiple locations, so google or yelp them!
Ah, Miracle Mile! I will always love you.

I grew up in Phoenix during the 70s and 80s, offspring of parents who had grown up on the East Coast and knew what a real deli was supposed to taste like and smell like, and at that point in Phoenix history MM was the only game in town for that kind of experience. Probably still is. 

Anyway, we ate at the old Park Central location hundreds (okay, maybe just dozens and dozens) of times, sampling everything on the menu -- the pastrami is still my favorite, though. I can even remember when they expanded and built out that back patio with the koi pond, which quickly became my favorite place to sit when I went there with my mom. The Chris-Town location was okay, too, but it didn't have the koi pond so it wasn't as interesting to me.

And the guys who worked behind the counter, what a bunch of old pros. If you went there during lunch rush, you had better know what you wanted when you reached the counter (and since you'd probably been staring at the menu for five minutes you had no excuse not to) or you'd get sent to the back of the line!

I was sad to hear that Park Central location was gone, a little piece of my childhood being closed off. But this location at the Colonnade, it's not bad and the pastrami is every bit as delicious as I remember from years past. I can't wait until the next time I'm in Phoenix to visit my mom so we can go there again!
Reminds me of a place in Chicago called Manny's.  Although, MM is a lot cleaner.  This cafeteria style deli is the best.  I always get the Pastrami.  The corned beef is good too.
I really enjoy this place. It is usually busy but we still find a place to sit.
I almost always order the NYer with pastrami on rye. Just too yummy. I have on occasion order other foods and yeah it is all good.
One thing that does sort of freak me out is when I get in line and it is my turn to order the guy taking the order always alerts his co-workers to look at me and they mutter in Spanish quickly and then smile and go back to business. It has happened every time I have been to this or any other location. I know why they are looking but they are so blatant it is strange. Oh and yeah some white guys understand Spanish too.
Love this place!! It's huge, it's got a great big menu sure to fulfill anyone's needs. 

I CAN'T wait to go back!   (Probably in between shopping 8 hrs at Last Chance)
Okay, a little disclaimer for bias.  Having known the family of this establishment my whole life, I can personally attest to their devotion to their food, the customers and the atmosphere.  The Garcia family first hit a home run with their original deli location at Christown Mall.  When they moved out of Christown they opened up a pair of locations with huge fanfare both at the Colonade and at Arrowhead Mall.  To be honest, I didn't think the Colonade would do all that well as they were invisible from Camelback Road.  Little did I know the following this place had.  Everytime I've gone the place has been jumping.  And rightfully so.

When you walk in you immediately notice the fun color scheme as well as how clean it looks.  The aroma from the hot line is as alluring as you'd expect.  No waiters or reservations here.  Just hop in line and order your dish from the cooks as they make it right in front of you.

My tried and true favorite is the brisket sandwich on kaiser bread with a side of fruit and a slice of one of their fresh pies to boot.  Sometimes I'll grab some pastrami or corn beef as an alternative.  They've also got burgers and kosher hot dogs if you prefer.  Other sides include chili, fries, mac and cheese, or one of a number of soups.  The food is delicious but simple.  And whatever you order, you'll feel like you're in a New York style deli (without the NY attitude of course).

So why only 4 stars instead of 5?  Well for one, this hip deli near the Biltmore area isn't cheap.  True, you get what you pay for, but I couldn't afford to eat here everyday.  A good meal here usually runs around $15 -$20 so just be aware of that.  Also, this place is wicked busy, especially during dinner.  Usually you can find a seat, but it can get pretty noisy in there.  Don't let this scare you away though.  Especially if you live in the central Phoenix area.  Alot of the folks who eat here are people from the neighborhood so its highly possible you'll run into someone you know.  If you're on the west side, their location at Arrowhead Mall won't disappoint either.  

Let's give props to the folks at Miracle Mile.  This small family operation has grown by leaps and bounds over the years, but you'd never know it talking to the owners.  The same humble attention to good food, a good atmosphere, and a neighborhood following still holds strong after all these years.  Success clearly hasn't changed this family recipe.
So I finally made it to the Miracle Mile Deli - after hearing so many things!!
We turned a meeting into a lunch meeting....and closed the deal.
The parking lot was full outside...so I hesitated because if I have to wait in line for food....its not happening!!
But once inside, it resembled a glorified cafeteria with plenty of seating YAY!! When it comes to deli you can't be a snob to decor - my true test is a pastrami and corned beef sandwich and they clearly received the thumbs up! While they only had potato knishes.....their selection of other goodies made up for it. I will be back. =0)
A nice, cafeteria style eating establishment in Central Phoenix/Biltmore Area. 
Parking is a bit cumbersome, due to many businesses in the complex, but can't be faulted on The Miracle Mile. 

Belly up to the hot line, where a 10ft steam table greets you with the specials of the day, and the standard fare. The menu has typical Jewish Deli style offerings. Big ass sandwiches made with corned beef, pastrami or my fave beef brisket. I had the "New Yorker" which was pastrami and slaw sloppily put between two pieces of your choice of bread. I like pumpernickel. 
Add fries, complimentary pickle and a drink, it was about $10. Not to shabby. I'll be back.
Three Non-Inflated Truths About Miracle Mile:

First: I don't get what all hype is about this place? This really isn't that much of a deli. It's more of a Luby's meets Subway. I'm not using that as a put down, it's just the best way I can think of how to describe this place.

Second: The food isn't great, it's just pretty good. I'd been hearing people rave about this place and how it was a NY style deli. Chompie's is more NY than this place and the food is generally tastier there. I ordered a turkey sandwich on french bread with Swiss and cranberry sauce... It was okay and filled me up but it wasn't anything particularly memorable.

Third: Miracle Mile dishes out pretty solid portions. It's not too much and it's not too little. To be honest, it's probably a little more toward too much... but in a good way.

Go to Miracle Mile for a decent meal, just don't expect the Second Coming.
I originally walked in here and thought to myself man I bet this place is a hot place of old people in the morning..I can see the shamu wearing old ladies gathered here in the morning drinking their coffee and gabbing like little chatting Cathy dolls about the new pool boy, and the old dudes talking about their tours in Nam and the Korea and the few survivors from the big one  WW II. To say the least I did not see that but I did picture it in my mind...suffice to say it was not like that but that was my first vision:)

What's good about this place is it has plenty of space the staff seems very attentive and it is clean and the sandwiches are delicious with pretty large portions. Not huge or anything but decent. I did think it was a little pricey considering I could get a bigger better sandwich at subway for about $3.00 cheaper. This place in not bad. Run of the mill a little pricey. But would not be opposed to going here again.
"Hey, Kerstin! Why are you eating a grilled cheese for dinner? Didn't you just eat out?"

"Yeah, but we ate at Miracle Mile."

'Nuf said, really, but our experience was such an epic fail, I must elaborate a bit. This was Hubby's suggestion, mind you, and he was pleased they had several vegetarian options. After a lunch of Peter Piper, however, even his lame veggie sandwich was pretty good to him. We'll see if I have to rush him to the ER later, since MM served sprouts when no one else is right now due to a contamination issue. He got his sandwich with a supposed potato knish. This was supposed to be creamy mashed potatoes with sour cream and seasonings in a pastry crust. What he got was an overly peppered dried out, square of potato chunks in an unnatural color wrapped in an anemic crust that had zero taste, crunch, or flake to it. It had that speckled look that old pastry gets. If this is what a knish is supposed to be, then they nailed it.

I got the chicken and noodles with a side of mashed potatoes. It came with two inexplicable slices of untoasted bread. What is this? 1950? At least it wasn't Wonder Bread. It was wheat. I had asked for sour dough, when one guy told me there were no caraway seeds in the rye they served me initially. There were. The manager "saved" me by correcting his employee about the caraway, only to be given the third degree by the ghetto tart working the register. "Why don't you like caraway?" she asked. I tried not to stare at her ridiculously over-plucked eyebrows and garish make-up as I replied, "I really don't like the taste." When she asked me "Why?" a second time, you'll be happy to know that I refrained from informing her that the gang-bangers she was obviously trying to attract would not likely be frequenting  this establishment. Anyway, the chicken and noodles dish was complete mush and the "sauce" was totally canned, and topped with a lovely hunk of congealed cheese. It was also not to temp. The mashed potatoes were 75% instant with some red skins thrown in for that "real" texture. Foul, foul, foul. 

Hence, the grilled cheese.
There are sandwiches and then there are SAMICHEZ. I would walk a mile for miracle mile! 

I'm not sure about the entire menu mind you so my review is based off of certain Items. For instance the Straw! juicy Pastrami piled high with melted Swiss cheese and hot sauerkraut on rye bread delish. Ok I must admit I was a Pastrami virgin before the mile. So I have nothing to base the deliciousness of this pastrami against. All I can tell you is it tastes great to me. 

Now I am not a virgin when it comes to there Macaroni salad and that salad came to party! It's really good! 

The deserts are great to I love the pecan pie! I cannot even call it pecan pie it is PEEECAN Pie, not to sweet just right scoop of vanilla ice cream sets this off! The cheesecake is yummy and the carrot cake well it is some of the best I have tasted in awhile. 

Also this little known tid bit, they serve farmer brothers coffee! Which I find to be the best of the pre-ground coffee's out there. I prefer farmer brothers over Starbucks any day. 

Check out the mile and try the pastrami. 

PS I gotta knish once, yea once. I don't recommend it Bluck!
Good variety of deli-style food, big portions. Not sure about how healthy the food is - it seems a bit greasy / fatty. But there's definitely something here for everybody in your party, meat lover to vegetarian.
Grotesque food, vulgar staff, blech.
I forgot how much I liked Miracle Mile Deli until quite recently when I realized I've been going there about 3-4 times a month.  In fact, I was astonished to find that I hadn't written a review of the place yet.  So here goes...
First off, the food is served cafeteria style.  I know this turns many people off, but if you give the place a chance, I don't think you will be disappointed.  As I said earlier, the food is quite good.  My favorite is "The Straw".  It contains mounds of hot pastrami, melted Swiss, and sauerkraut.  You have your choice of bread and I always choose the onion roll.  If you like corned beef, try "The New Yorker".  It's similar to "The Straw" but with corned beef and coleslaw.  All sandwiches include fries and a pickle spear.  You can add everything from macaroni and cheese to steamed veggies on the side.  A typical lunch will set you back $10-$11, but most people can make 2 meals out of the sandwich.  File this one under my "Best Lunchtime Eats!"
Whenever I feel nostalgic for my childhood, I go to Miracle Mile and order a straw sandwich on onion roll with a potato pancake and homemade apple sauce on the side.  It is a total guilty pleasure.   They've been in the Valley since 1949 and when I was a kid we used to go to the Christown location every weekend. My grandma used to always order the polish sausage  and my mom loved the hot brisket sandwich.  Even though it's not an authentic Jewish deli, it's still really good food. Other things I love here are the New Yorker sandwich and the vegetable soup.  Lots of yummy food at a good price.
So you may feel like a cattle in line to get branded as you shuffle through the gated line on your approach to the bar, but it will be well worth it. You are here because you like delicatessen sandwiches. Whether its corned beef, pastrami, or one of those 'other' meats you will walk away satisfied. I usually order the New Yorker on rye bread with a potato pancake and a Dr. Browns cream soda. Mmmmmm
The line moved fast. The food looked fresh. The menu is ample. The child menu is short and fare priced. The sandwiches are a lot better priced than Chompies. I had the honey-baked-ham sandwich. I know it's a Jewish deli for the most part but if you offer it make it good okay. It was alright. the ham was thin sliced and tasty, the bun however was not so good and the lettuce not so crisp. My friend had a chef salad and well it did not look very fresh either, the cheese was sort of melting back together though it had cute little cut out shapes. The lettuce not so crisp once again. The child with us seemed to enjoy the kid serving of Mac and cheese and was able to finish it. So the portion size was good for a 6 yo. 
I did notice that a lot of people seemed to not eat all or any of the bread or bun their meal was on so though I'm picky, it appears to be a fair assessment that there is an issue with all the bread other than the rye. 
Oh and the fact that a kids meal comes with soda is an issue, you have to pay more to give your kid a milk! That astonished me. So much for healthy America. Kid's meal comes with a cookie, French fries (yes with mac & cheese) and pop. I feel the children getting fatter reading the menu. So this Saturday lunch snatched $25 from us for a Chef salad from like two days ago, a ham sandwich on 2 day old bread and a fatten up you child kid's meal with milk and one adult small soda. Would have had a better sandwich and salad at Subway for a lot less. But I suppose if you try something else on the menu it might be worth the visit.
Dear Miracle Mile,

This is the last time you will ever sucker another $15 bucks from me for bland, over-salted cafeteria food. I hate to be the rabid cur of dissent in this love fest, but I can no longer fake it and go with the flow. I despise everything about you, Miracle Mile.

Unless someone had cued me into the fact, I never would have guessed that you were trying so hard to duplicate NY deli-style fare. Why so? Because every NY staple I've tried from your fetid excuse for a deli has sucked so effing hard it just about pulls grey matter out through my ears. 

Stale and mealy defrosted cheesecake that was as unappetizing to look at as to consume. Matzo ball soup so bland I had to keep looking down to assure myself I was indeed consuming something other than hot air. Wilted salads guaranteed to deflate my hopes upon first bite. Vegetable soup that was so flavorless as to be nearly nonexistent. Are you trying that hard to fade into the background, you wallflower? It's no wonder the median age of a patron in your restaurant is pushing 80. The near total annihilation of my taste buds is the only way I would ever step foot through your doors again.

And then there's your pathetic excuse for a sandwich, Mile. Pastrami and corned beef sandwiches piled (not so) high with bland, fatty meat that's been slopped with reckless abandon atop your choice of bread, guaranteed to disintegrate in five seconds flat. All topped off with a slice of sweaty Swiss cheese that adds zero flavor and flops listlessly atop a piteous excuse for a sandwich. If it weren't for the spicy mustard at each table, I'd hardly have tasted anything at all! Bravo! You surely deserve an award for the most poorly constructed sandwich in all of Phoenix! 

Although I guess that dubious honor should clearly be bestowed upon your brusque, monosyllabic cafeteria line workers. "Next? Bread?" Unappetizing slop of meat, slid down the line to the next guy. "Fries?" Heap of fried garbage, liberally applied, slid down the line. That is, unless you're asking for something outside of the crap-sandwich-and-fries box. At that point your request will be wordlessly acquiesced to with a scowl and a slop. "Drink?" No! Please! NO! Just get me out of this slovenly pit of cafeteria hell. What do you want, I'll pay anything! Anything!

Wait a tic. That's your whole ploy all along, isn't it Miracle Mile? Brainwash the masses with mediocre food and overcharge for everything to make it seem like it's a privilege to be dining upon such slop.

Well I'm on to you. I've given you plenty of chances, Mile. Your Reuben was the only sandwich that didn't make me want to violently upend tacky cafeteria tables on the way to my car. 

Wishing you the bland, inoffensive dreams of an automaton,
Erica
So I just don't think that I am a deli kind of person, it is just not my thing.

Last week some of my co-workers wanted to order in lunch, and since I am still kinda the new kid, I didn't want to really voice my opinion on our selection.  After I had agreed to be the one to pick it up, they picked Miracle Mile, and I couldn't back out at this point...so I decided to just go with it.

I got the Miracle Mile Special, which was a cup of soup and half of a sandwich and a side dish.  I got the Navy Bean soup, pastrami with coleslaw on rye bread and some potato salad.  I generally love Navy Bean soup....but this was so bland and brothy, it was not anything like the Navy Bean soup I have had in the past.  There was also no ham in it....boo!  The sandwich was good I guess, but I am not really a sandwich kind girl, so I just picked at some of the meat.  I will say the potato salad was good, but not good enough to warrant a return trip.

Since it is right near my office I fear I may be suckered into going here again, and I will muddle through on those days, but I can think of about 50 other places I would rather go first!
So I was reading an online discussion board about the best sandwiches in Phoenix and this place was suggested a few times.  I figured since it was pretty close to my hotel I'd give it a try for dinner one night.  I ordered a Veggie New Yorker.  My first mistake was ordering it on plain sourdough bread...you need a heavy duty roll to stand up to the sauce and the cole slaw they put on there.  I thought my sandwich was pretty tasty, but it wasn't the type of sandwich I'd want to have all the time.  I got potato salad as my side and it was really bland, I wouldn't order it again.  I highly doubt these are the best sandwiches in Phoenix but at least there were a lot of options to choose from...the guy in front of me actually ordered a whole turkey leg!
OMG! The combo is my fave! Combo is pastrami and corn beef together in harmony on bread. YUM!!  

I have been coming to this Miracle Mile for tons of times..  Always love it.  It is clean, fast, and good!
I had a pastrami on rye with a salad instead of fries. The sandwich was great-piled with hot pastrami, sauerkraut and thousand island. The salad was exactly as it was billed but better than having fries. I tried some of their homemade horseradish and it was good but not as hot as they make it seem. 

My only dislike? The place looked and felt just like a school cafeteria. I'd rather not revisit jr high, but this place at least had better food.
Cafeteria food, no flavor 

I did a combo with the turkey sandwich, salad, and mac, I have to say I think my favorite thing might have been the pickle. For $11 bucks really,.. no thanks. Plenty of better deli's around here
Well, being pretty new to Yelp, I have started jotting down places I wanted to check out. Of course, knowing their hours definitely helps. After planning on a stop at Blue Fin (which isn't open on the weekends), I ended up at Miracle Mile at Camelback Colonnade following a quick stop at Trader Joe's. I ended up being pleasantly surprised with the result, though the price was a little higher than I had hoped.

Walking in, the decor is pretty laid back; clean and open, with a dessert station right by the door (never a bad idea) and an easy path to the counter. My first time there, so I had to do the "What do I want?" walk through the line. Luckily, it was slow, so I was able to pick out the Combo sandwich (pastrami and corned beef). Watching them make the sandwich, you could see how thin cut the meat was, and the marble rye looked fresh (other choices include sourdough, rye, and a few types of buns). There were a multitude of options for sides (french fries, a few pasta salads, etc), but I ended up paying the extra $1 for mac&cheese. From there, it was a quick walk to the register to pay $11 for my meal, along with grabbing some free horseradish.

I took the food home, and it was worth the wait. The sandwich, which seemed a little small when the cook made it, suddenly grew to a thick mass of beef. I even had to pick off a few slices that were falling out before taking a bite. Gotta say, it was excellent. The pastrami and corned beef were a perfect match, and there was just enough fat to give it that extra burst of flavor. They give you regular mustard with the sandwich, but I preferred my own spicy mustard, with the occasional addition of horseradish (which had a good bite). The bread was perfect, and the crust broke away with every bite. Finally, the mac&cheese was a great addition. The flavor could have been stronger, but it was very cheesy and the pasta was firm without being overcooked.

Overall,  this was a pretty good find. As others noted, the price is a little steep for a deli, but you will certainly get a full stomach for around $10, so I can't complain too much. It may not be a usual stop, but it was a good find.
Probably the worst tasting stuffed cabbage I've ever had.  It was sickeningly sweet (tasted sweeter than my soda!), and there were raisins in the tomato sauce which probably added to the sweetness.  The ground meat on the inside on the other hand, was very bland.  I thought when you had something as a "special", such as the Friday stuffed cabbage, that meant it was supposed to be really good?  The overwhelming sweetness of the sauce made it very hard to eat.

The only redeeming factor in the meal was when I tried some of the Straw sandwich (pastrami, sauerkraut, swiss), which was decent, nothing spectacular, but a whole lot better than the stuffed cabbage.  At other delis I've been to, you can get a whole lot more meat, and more flavor for about the same price, so I will probably be skipping any future visits to this deli.
While I'm not a big corned beef or pastrami fan, my coworkers love this place. Every time I go, I manage to find something good to eat as there are endless choices of food to eat, and its all pretty good. I'm a big fan of the matzo ball soup here and the sandwiches are all piled high with meat and cheese. It's a little pricey but worth it for the large selection. Is this a traditional back east deli? No, but worth a shot for sure, as you just might find something you like.
No, I simply cannot put in a good review for Miracle Mile. 
A coworker recommended this place to me. Actually, two coworkers did.
However, upon inspection of my pie right before I was about to eat it, I noticed that there was mold in it.

Yes, mold.

Sorry Miracle Mile, your fries were bland and while your chicken tenders were decent, I can't forgive mold in a pie. I did take a picture of it so I will be adding it to this review as soon as I can.

Who knows if I will get my 2.95 for moldy pie back.

*ETA
MM has been notified and I am to receive a gift certificate for my 2.95. I was given the option of returning it but it's over a 40 min drive.
I came here hankering for a real deli experience (e.g. chompies/ east coast style), but I was willing to settle for just a decent sandwich.   I ordered a turkey sandwich and got dry bird on a tasteless, tacky bun that induced grade school cafeteria flashbacks. I consoled myself with the fact that I at least had a pickle to munch on.  but alas! I bit into a revoltingly limp, fetid-smelling, gag-inducing gherkin not fit for consumption.   I had to spit it out in my napkin like some priss---a sorry thing for a woman who likes to chow down.   well at least I had some water....

my advice: go an extra mile to steer clear of this glorified cafeteria.
I'd been craving some legit deli food.  I'm snobby about sandwiches.  I grew up in PA and spent much of my free time eating and hanging out in Manhattan and Philadelphia, two cities full of prime delis!  I had high expectations walking into Miracle Mile.  It just emits a vibe of deliciousness and authenticity.  My friend Jen recommended this place, and she ordered a reuben that looked amazing even to my vegetarian gaze.  I ordered a NY veggie sandwich on a fresh roll.  Good god, y'all!  That sandwich took me to heaven for a moment!  Best of all... (are you ready for this?), I substituted my french fries for a 100% real, 100% fresh potato pancake for an extra 95 cents!  It was soo soo good I kinda came close to crying into it.  You see, it's outdoor bazaar season in Pennsylvania, meaning potato pancakes are being cooked every weekend in every Polish church parking lot for miles around.  I've found a cure for my PA summertime homesickness: Miracle Mile Deli.
Went there with my boss, we met some co-workers there. I had the Combo on Onion, it was great. Service was fast. Price was average. I'd go again.
I was driving by looking for a place for lunch and I stopped in, hoping for some deli food. 

I was quite surprised to see that it's actually an old-school cafeteria. I didn't know that these places existed anymore and I was ready to be charmed.  Alas, that was not to be.

Although I came inside in the mood for pastrami, watching the staff throw together - and I mean that quite literally, I've never seen anybody, anywhere make a sandwich as quickly or carelessly - I lost my nerve and ordered the meat loaf special, thinking that was probably a better way to go in a place like this.

Unfortunately the meat loaf was dreadful as were the mashed potatoes.  Absolutely devoid of any flavor and covered in a gloppy gravy.  Seriously awful.

I see that one reviewer described it as hospital food.  That's being charitable because some hospitals actually have edible food.  It's more like what I imagine prison food to be like. 

It's also not particularly cheap.  My prison plate was $9.73 with the tax.  Not recommended.
Wasn't in the mood for a sandwich this day, so was happy to see a nice selection of salads to choose from. Ordered a grilled chicken salad that was simply divine. Large portions of chicken served over crisp lettuce and a balsamic dressing to die for. Very yummy and satisfying lunch. A great find in Phoenix!
I had a pretty basic sandwich.... turkey and cheese on a kaiser roll with fries. It was pretty good I will have to admit, but $10 for a sandwich and drink definitely makes it not worth it. I would visit more often than 1 or 2 times a year if it were not so expensive. Yea, I am cheap but .... its a sandwich.......
What an AWESOME casual dining experience!! Food was FANTASTIC! I've traveled all the best deli meccas of the country but Miracle Mile's pastrami was the best I've ever tasted!! Flavor can't be beat! Sandwich was big and plentiful, service was UNBELIEVABLY fast, FRIENDLY and EFFICIENT! I'll definitely be back and bring my family! There is an obvious reason this valley favorite has been around for decades....they know what they are doing!
I want to try EVERYTHING on the menu!!! But it's hard to do because the portions are so HUGE on everything.

I usually go with a sandwich with slaw. The coleslaw has a nice sweetness to it, but tends to be on the soggy side. The sandwiches are usually packed with meat. GREAT place for liverwurst.

This is a cafeteria-style place, so you can clearly see how fresh everything is. But the place is usually packed for lunch, so they cycle through everything relatively quickly.

The employees are always friendly and the place is always CLEAN!!! Whoever is doing the hiring there is doing an amazing job.
the food was cold including the soup,fries.  the brisket was dry and the service was awful.  The ruben was awful.
MMD has the BEST Homemade macaroni & cheese, vegetable soup and every meal comes with a pickle!!! All their dessert are to die for AND I heard on their Facebook page they sometimes have "secret words" and you can get a FREE dessert :) 

http://www.facebook.com/miraclemiledeli
Every time I travel to Phoenix, I go to Miracle Mile. It is usually my first stop after I leave the airport. While San Francisco (where I am from) is known for its world-class restaurants, there are no great delis. Every deli in my city--from the traditional deli to the is-this-meat-or-is-this-tofu deli--pales in comparison to Miracle Mile. Either the deli has day-old, rubber-like meat or has bread so stale that a pigeon wouldn't eat it.
 

The sandwiches at Miracle Mile, in stark contrast to all of the other delis I've frequented, provide the perfect marriage between great meat and great bread. Their brisket and pastrami sandwiches are so good that every time I bite into them, I'm transported to another realm of consciousness!
Came here yesterday so I could get my car washed at Danny's while having lunch (this works out perfect to kill 2 birds with 1 stone).  I always get the New Yorker on rye and it never lets me down.  They have great coleslaw and thousand island dressing so the flavor with the pastrami and rye work out perfect.  I like that there are a thousand tables here and 2 lunch lines so they can really pump you through quickly.  You can tell the quality of the food is top notch and service is always great.
I've been eating at the Miracle Mile Delicatessens for over 45 yrs now. What makes these guys special is that the consistency is the same regardless the store or the decade. They are making the same fabulous Straw sandwiches & brisket of beef today that they were making in the 60's. Family owned & the pride shows. I'm looking forward to eating here for another 4 plus decades, God willing!
So, I love deli food.  a lot.  I've tried a few deli's out here, including these guys, and I have to say, I think I like them!

Prices here are typical deli, but from what I can tell, cheaper then others.  You can get just about anything, anyway you want.  I love how they have Matzoh Ball soup, big huge deli sandwiches, and all the fixings.  YUM!

The past few times I've eaten here, its been on lunch with coworkers.  I've kept it light with my order, since falling into a food coma and taking a nap at my desk after a huge lunch is generally frowned upon by management.
I've gone with the Kosher beef hot dog, fries, pickle, and tiny pop for a grand total of $5.24.  My friend usually gets the tuna on wheat while here, and she likes it here as much as I do!

What I do find odd, is that its buffet style serving.  You walk through the line, give your order, and walk down with your plate while the guys behind the glass fix your order.  Service here is quick and efficient, and seating is plentiful, even during the lunch rush.

I would recommend this place to most anyone, and they have multiple valley locations.  yummy!
Mmmmmm..a Combo please!  Pastrami and Corn beef together at last on a soft onion bun with Swiss cheese (or without)..best thing when you are craving MEAT! Yep, certainly not a diner for vegans.  Miracle Mile has been around forever, and I love to have a great sandwich or entree at this location.  From deli sandwiches to daily specials like meatloaf, roast chicken even cabbage and corn beef, it's a miracle I haven't gain 20 pounds from here! And they have Cream Soda...mmmm.   Side dishes include fries, potato salad, salads, mac n' cheese and potato pancakes.  The portions are huge that you can share or take the left overs home for a midnight meal.
I had been wanting to stop by this place for a while, and finally decided to do it today. I was hoping for a bigger selection of salads, but it's a 'deli,' so it can't really bother me that salads aren't their main thoroughfare. I opted for the Supreme (Turkey, Bacon and Cheddar) on wheat with lettuce, tomato and onion; I think I got Provolone instead of Cheddar but I'm not complaining. The bacon was wonderfully crispy, the turkey was thin and absolutely delicious, and the pickle (spear on the side) was cold, crispy and yummy. I got applesauce on the side instead of fries...I only took a couple bites (waaaay too full), but it's very good and it's chunky; not quite so pureed as traditional applesauce. I don't know if they have it made for them or if it's some applesauce you can buy that I wasn't aware of, but I like it. I'll definitely be back at some point, and I'll probably get the same sandwich.
The servers were also very friendly; all in all it was a satisfactory visit.


**Update**

I SWEAR when I was first typing this, it had the Scottsdale address. This is in reference to the Scottsdale Promenade location; I have never been to the Camelback one. 

That is all :)
I am such a fan of this deli because they offer quality food at a very reasonable price. It has a real East Coast feel when you walk in and the staff is super friendly. I would recommend anything on the menu and don't forget the fries!
I've been eating at Miracle Mile ever since I can remember, initially at the old Christown Mall location.  For my youth, it was the only Jewish/American deli I knew.  It's still great after all these years and location changes.  I've since eaten at a few deli's that can top it, but not by much.

I'm not going to run down everything I've eaten over the years; you know what deli's have to offer and this place is no exception.  Get your matzo/pastrami/corned beef/chicken soup on, homey!
I walk in here with the intentions of getting an egg salad sandwich, when the three people in front of me order a "straw" sandwich.. basically pastrami, sauerkraut, melted cheese and bread.

Damn that sounds good!!

So i end up getting the same thing with a side of fresh fries and a pickle.

These sandwiches are big enough to share with someone, but with me starving like I was, I quickly polished off the entire thing.  it was yum.

I used to go to the one that was at Christown, but it's been closed for many years.  I was happy when they opened up this location.  It's right next to work, so that helps.

I will be back!
Nah. I forked over $13 for a club sandwich, mac 'n' cheese, and a large Pepsi.  The mac 'n' cheese was good, and the sandwich was just okay.  I say take your $13 and go to Texaz Grill!!!  WAY better food, and for $13 you can get dessert too.
I always hear great things about this spot and when I had a chance to go it was a must... I entered the restaurant it smelled so good I wanted to try everything but I went with the New Yorker and a cup of Split Pea Soup... I rate the experience as followed.

The New Yorker - A
Split Pea Soup - A
Staff - A

I was really impressed with the food here... I need to go back ASAP and get the stuffed Cabbage Rolls... Lots of great food to warm you up on these cold winter days.
One of the best Delis in Phoenix !!
Miracle Mile is a classic of Phoenix.  I remember as a child going to Chris-Town Mall with my parents and begging them to get me a hot-dog from MM, it was that good.  I've been visiting this deli in one location or another all of my life - of course, Chirs-town is now gone and MM left long before it's demise, but back in the day, there was a MM in every big mall.  Nowadays, the one for me is at the Colonnade mall.  This location is a big, open dining room, sort of cafeteria style seating and cafeteria style ordering.  Parking outside is a breeze.  You go in, and line up in one of two super-efficient lines, usually there is only one, but when it's busy they will open a second.  Don't worry, if there is only one line, these guys have been doing it for a long time, they move fast.  Shortly, you end up in front of the meat guy, tell him which sandwich you want, what kinda bread you want it on and so fast his hand will blur, he slices the bread, puts some delicious pastrami, brisket, Corned Beef or whatever on it, plates it and slides it down to the fries guy.

  Sandwiches are ordered from the menu board on the wall above.  I'm always torn - Brisket, BBQ pastrami, New Yorker or a Straw - they are all so good it's that difficult to decide.  I've never really tried any of their hot specials, although they always have something like a baked fish on Fridays, some days enchiladas, BBQ chicken, Cabbage Rolls and of course, like any good Jewish Deli, Matzo Balls - These dishes are all very tempting to me, but I cannot break away from the sandwiches.  They also do egg salad, hot dogs, hamburgers and other cold sandwiches and salads.  

When the Fries guy gets the plate, you tell him if you want a pickle spear, Fries or something else.  Something else like cottage cheese, cole slaw, jello, potato latkes, etc, etc - see, it's just like a cafeteria, only with really good choices.  The fries guy piles on your fries, slaps the plate on a tray and it moves to the dessert section.  So tempting, cakes, pies, puddings, pastries, all fresh-made.  I'm not a big sugar eater, but the desserts could even tempt me.  I generally pass.  Finally, the drink order, the usual sodas from the fountain, some bottled sodas, even beer if you want.  My Drink of Choice, iced tea and in the double-digit number of years I've been enjoying MM, I have never, underline, bold, NEVER had a bad iced tea.  

Finally, you gotta pay for all this, find a table and begin your noshing.  The dining room can be quite noisy, it's large, generally full at lunch time and if you need some quiet and it's a nice day, they have some tables on the walk outside.  Sometimes I will go to these tables to enjoy my brisket quietly, sometimes the hustle and bustle and people-watching keeps me in the dining room, no matter what, it's always a slice of heaven for me.
I've eaten the hot brisket of beef sandwiches on onion rolls at Miracle Mile for over thirty years. I no longer live in Phoenix but I must visit every vacation usually more than once. I first ate at Chris-Town and then Park Central and then Arrowhead and now Colonade. The brisket is as good today as it was in 1980.  I know the corned beef, pastrami and egg salad are equally excellent but I order the brisket nearly every time...I've never had brisket at any other deli that even comes close to being as good. The fries are always great too. The bread pudding is my fave dessert but be prepared to split it or take it home, its huge.
i could eat the hot pastrami sandwich everyday for the rest of my life!  the new yorker is good too.  the fries are good.  not the best but good.  they have alot on the menu but all i order is hot pastrami and the new yorker.  any side you order is expensive.  so i never order anything.

the ambiance is loud during lunch.  i guess this is a local hot spot for lunch.  lots of seating available.

i've never had a bad experience here.
Excellent New Yorker sandwich; pastrami, cole slaw and special dressing, get it one an onion roll! This is a huge sandwich, beware of afternoon naps!
It is by far not a true delicatessen, but more of an upscale sandwich shop with some soups.  The corned beef has little flavor because it's so lean, they do not make any of there breads, soups are average at best, hot foods are acceptable, there supposed boiled potatoes are right out of a can, chili is below average, and all there deserts are not made in house.  If you want to experience a real deli in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, head to Chompie's.
Ordered hot corned beef and wife ordered a cheeseburger at 230pm. We were the only ones in the place.

I asked to please wait to make the corned beef until the cheeseburger was ready.  Ok, no problem.   Paid the $21 and went to a table.  Within 2 minutes, the corned beef arrived.  I asked for the 2 meals to come together, young lady.

"Don't worry, your order will be right out."

Fifteen minutes later, it came.  Corned beef was dry and tasteless, cheeseburger ok for eight bucks.

I agree with another review, this place is just an overpriced sandwich shop with bad service. Not sure what is special here, if anything.
Don't bother, especially if you want an order to go. The sandwiches usually come with fires or sides like coleslaw or potato salad. Unfortunately, to go sandwiches are accompanied only by a miniature dollop of slaw. Likewise, the grilled chicken salad is lettuce, chicken, 2 cherry tomatoes, and 3 slices of cucumber for the outrageous price of $9.00.
This is a great Phoenix delicatessen and one of my favorites. In fact, I always preferred Miracle Mile over many of the other deli options in the Valley. They have great corned beef and pastrami, and both are always moist and tender. The only thing that makes me do a double-take at Miracle Mile is when I am asked if I want cheese on my corned beef. Who performs that act of sacrilege? At any rate, their fries make for a nice side to their sandwiches, but I actually prefer their potato pancakes. They also have a very good matzo ball soup (although my mom's recipe is by far the best), but I don't recall them serving it on a daily basis. Another excellent choice is their split pea soup. The nice thing about Miracle Mile is that they serve a specific menu of dinner entrees for each day of the week. Try their hot turkey dinner, which is simply the best. This is a nice, casual dining place to enjoy good food, and, located on Camelback Road, it makes for easy access to the Biltmore Fashion Park or downtown Scottsdale.
Looking for a light lunch at Miracle Mile Delicatessen? Oy! You won't find it here!

I was stuffed fuller than the turkey on my challah ever could have been. The "special" is described as a 1/2 sandwich and (either side salad or) cup of soup. I had no idea it also came with French fries and a pickle wedge! The turkey was fresh and overflowing over the bread. Try it with a side of cranberry sauce for that "Thanksgiving" flair. The matzo ball soup was also tasty, with the flavor of homemade broth.

It had been quite a while since my last visit to Miracle Mile Delicatessen and the new decor gives it a lighter, airier feel than I remembered. But the service is just as fast  and the portions will leave you stuffed to the max!
Awesome food and great service.  Their reuben sandwich w/ fries is to die for!!!
Best deli i have ever been to! Have been a loyal foodie fan since it's inception at the old christown mall. The newer location Rocks. Great food & Prices. The busers are awesome- you feel like you are being waited on by top notch servers and they arent even servers! just because its a deli doesnt mean the service experience is underrated.Please TIp  these awesome servers- they deserve it! It is my moms favorite deli also....we will continue to be loyal foodie fans of this awesome deli.FYI- Best Rueben Samy i have ever had!
Brisket on a kaiser with the juices dripping onto the bread. Makes it a little hard to eat, but its yummy.  Fries are good too.  A little spendy, but all in all a good deli meal.
I'm going to admit this.

I don't have a single Jewish or New York ounce of DNA in my whole body. I've never even been to New York ( I know, but it's on my bucket list). 

My family is either from Cincinnati ( German and Scottish), or the Washington DC area (Irish and French). 

But maybe a little bit of me is a reincarnated New Yorker? 

There's got to be a little deli in my DNA strand, or in my memory somewhere....

Because I have loved this place since I was a kid growing up in Phoenix. 

My parents used to take me in here for  potato pancakes and chicken soup and Hebrew National hot dogs as a kid. They ate Reubens piled with sauerkraut and Swiss cheese on marbled rye bread. I didn't know better yet, or I'd have had one too. . 

Later, I got a job working at KLZI Radio one summer between college semesters
 ( my dad got me a stint as a substitute receptionist) and it was close enough to duck in for lunch. Cabbage rolls? Sure! Matza ball soup? so what if it's 117 degrees, bring it! Liverwurst? were my friends around, no, well ok! YUM. 

The lunch specials were cheap and affordable on my minimum wage budget. Besides, my dad said I just had to work, not that I had to save any money, right?

I still like this place, and you can still get some good stuff in here. I like how long it's been around, and I like their story. 

It makes me happy. 

Last time I went and got my dad and dragged him back to Portland I got some chicken liver and it was good. 

Yum.
Miracle Mile is the best lunch in town!!!! I've been going here for 20 years. They put so much into each and every meal/sandwich. They will make any modification you want. Meatloaf, stuffed peppers, the Reuben, the pastrami and sauerkraut, it's all good! There's a Hispanic guys that's been there as long as I've been going there. he is the nicest guy. I love this place. Best casual business lunch in town.
Amazing sandwiches and probably the best servers/staff of any restaurant I've been to. Great choices and gourmet sandwiches available that comes with a handful of sides and a pickle. Condiments on every table and a tray of free water at the end of the counter. All smiles around. Such a great place. I can complain about the price but I just keep coming back anyway! It's that good!
The best Deli in Phoenix.  This place is always crowed around lunch and is well worth the wait.

My favorite is the Pastrami and Swiss on marble rye and make sure you ask for the thousand island dressing!!!
Thanks to all the staff at Miracle Mile Deli for a successful delicious catered lunch on March 8.  The food was delivered on time, set up appropriately and abundant.  We had the cold cut plattter, lighter side platter, veggie platter and all the fixings.  My group thoroughly enjoyed the meal, as did non attending staff with the leftovers, which were plenty.  The pricing was well within our budget.  I have been asked list them as "keepers" for future event catering.  We'll be seeing you again!
Stopped in here for lunch today, accompanied by Robyn N. & Mike C.  For this first visit, I ordered a "Straw", which brought out a sandwich with pastrami, cheese and sauerkraut on a big fluffy round egg bun with toasted onion flakes on top.  For the included side item I chose a potato pancake rather than fries (no extra charge), and they gave me little cup of sour cream to spread on it, along with a cup of applesauce which I ate by itself.  A tasty pickle spear also came along.

This delicious lunch is supposed to be a reasonable $9.79, but was only $8.32 with a coupon from the website.  The restaurant itself was nice too.     :-))
Had lunch here withRobyn N. and Rand H. I had the #1 straw  which consisted of pastrami on a bun with saurkruat and and mozzarella cheese and a potatoe pancake.well the potatoe pancake was only 3 stars and the sandwich was not bad but not as good as scotts generations. I like deli's and this one did not shine over the others I have been to.
The beef brisket was WAY too salty.

The macaroni was over cooked and running off the plate.

I had a bite of pickle.

The pickle was crisp.

The pickle had class.

The pickle was perfection.

I was going to exchange the meal but I already lost my appetite. Without hesitation, mgmt offered me a monetary refund. He was a gem as were all the other chipper employees. 

I left satisfied, with a smile and full of joy. Best place to come while dieting!
The BBQ pastrami has taken its place among my favorite sandwiches. Plenty of breads to choose from - I got the kaiser roll on my most recent visit, but I've had several different kinds before, always great. I'm not sure what makes this sandwich so good - it's just plain quality.

Fries and other side items are pretty tasty, and while I haven't tried a whole lot of different things there, most of the menu looks pretty appetizing. Since I live nearby now, I'll likely be back often to keep trying new things.
Ate here as a kid when it was at Park Central Mall.  The sandwiches are just as good at this Collonade location.  I like the beef brisket and the fries are always yummy.  It's just good, warm, comfort food...a nice deli sandwich.  The guys behind the counter are always friendly and parking and seating is almost always available.  What's not to like?
I was expecting nothing special from this place, but I will say that the sandwiches were far better than that and the mashed potatoes and fries were wonderful! Mixed with a bit of horseradish, the mashed potatoes were among the best I've had (aside from my own). The fries were fresh, golden, and crispy.

My only gripe is that the sandwich I ordered wasn't as requested, but still tasty. The cheese used was lower quality, so it didn't sit very well.
the sandwiches are decent, nothing amazing or special. I got the triple decker, which has layers of hot pastrami, bread, and their special sauce. the best thing about my meal was the French fries and pickle.

the atmosphere of this place was kind of yicky to me for some reason.  it wasn't dirty or anything, maybe just a little outdated and not very inviting.

the positive about this place is that your food is prepared VERY quickly. if you are looking for a quick lunch, this would be the place.
Pleasantly surprised...thought this was just another delicatessen, but this place had a really extensive menu offering something for everyone.  I just stopped in for a snack, but would like to go back and eat a full meal.
I don't know how anyone could ever give this amazing place less than 5 Stars.  I had the New Yorker on an onion roll and potato pancakes.  I haven't been here for years because I live so far away but it is just as amazing as ever.  The pastrami was stacked high and the sweetness of the coleslaw and Thousand Island mixed with the fresh roll is absolute perfection.  The potato pancake was crispy on the outside and full of flavor!  The Restaurant is set up cafeteria style and they keep you moving.  The service and hospitality are quick and top notch.
I have been going to Miracle Mile for years and years, and in my opinion it is still the best deli in town. Years ago, it was even better than it is now (hard to imagine), but it still has all of classics cooked to perfection. 

It is hard to go wrong with anything on the menu, but my favorites are the daily specials. Try them if you haven't already, especially the beef stew on Tuesdays and the fish on Fridays.

There is not much else to say - if you want cafeteria style deli and you want it done right - this is the place to get it.
Not sure how I have missed this place as I live 5 minutes away but stopped in today for the first time for lunch.  The restaurant is very clean and like many others have said it is cafeteria style.  You step up to the counter and they prepare you food to order.  They have a great number of different sandwiches, salads, soups and deserts to choose from.  I ordered the "New Yorker" Piled high with Hot Pastrami topped with homemade Cole slaw and Miracle Mile Dressing $9.79.  Sandwiches come with your choice of sides and a pickle. I cannot remember ever having better Pastrami.  Service was friendly as expected.  I will probably go back tomorrow.  :-)
Some thing are ok here. Some things sit in the heat bins way too long and get tough. Prices are a bit high for quality of food here.
I guess Pastrami is the way to go here and I do not like that so can not offer a fair review on that. However, friends say it is pretty good. The sandwiches are fine but not a 5 star deli. They have a nice selection of foods and sandwich options. The desserts look good but I have not tasted any in a long time so not sure how yummy they are. I did not see any Black or White cookies nor Cannolli tonight but I think they have NY style Cheesecake now and again. 

For my dinner tonight I had the Chicken Salad on an onion roll. I have had that a few times in the past and it has always been pretty good. It is not the best I have had but pretty good. I will leave it at that. They also have Knishes, which are hard to find in Phoenix. 

The problem is this place is expensive for Phx standards. I just got back from NY and I paid more for three items here than I did for 6 items there. Hmmmmmmmmm??Of course the food is not nearly as good as the NY food. 

I guess this is probably one of the better delis in town if you can not make it to Cassellas in Scottsdale or NY Hero in Downtown Phoenix.
One of the best places in town to get a New York Style Pastrami Sandwich.
Every time I came into town from San Diego Miracle Mile
 wound be the first place I eat at.
Classic Phoenix Deli that has been here since I can remember as a child at Park Central Mall and Christown Mall.

Best deli sandwiches and soups, my go to sandwich is the Hot Pastrami on Onion Roll. I don't think I have ordered anything else the past 10 + years. 

Service is fast as you go through the deli line and always plenty of room for any size group.

Location is central to anywhere in Phoenix with plenty of parking. 

Always clean and nice to done at, will be back again and again as long as they have pastrami and onion roll.

One of my favorite lunch locations
Ok finally checked it out for lunch today, all I can say is they have cabbage rolls !! There awesome ! Old school food nothing fancy just hearty classic stuff.
The food was good but I just didn't like the atmosphere. It seems more like a cafeteria than a deli.
Hands down the best deli in town. Awesome food and an abundant variety. Huge portions and excellent service. What else can you ask for?

I typically get a combo pastrami and brisket on a onion roll with Swiss. However, some of my other favs are: the beef stew, stuffed cabbage, chicken enchiladas and the BBQ sandwich. 

Long live Miracle Mile Deli!
Went with 2native NewYork City friends. They said "be sure to say this is the real deal." This is the real deal, Yelpers. Amazing meats and breads. Great sides (fries not so much) and pickle slices that will leave you thinking you are pregnant...you will crave them when you leave. Yes there is YooHoo and Dr Brown. No egg cream, whatever that is. Seemed to be the only thing my friends thought was. Missing. I didn't save room for dessert which I regret. That bread pudding and cheesecake looked fierce. When I go back (for more pickles) I will remedy that.
Miracle Mile is a great speciality to have in Phoenix. Having a New York State of mind, I love coming here to enjoy this l cuisine since it is rare to find in these neck of the woods.

Whether it's the chicken soup with matzah balls, a delicious pastrami sandwich, corned beef, a traditional sandwich, a hot dog or a piece of cheesecake for dessert - always puts a little smile on my face. You are always going to get a good meal at Miracle Mile, definitely the best around! Haven't tried the potato knish just yet ;)

Since I cannot have my mom's chicken soup when I am sick, I make my way over here to cure any cold or cough!
We come to the miracle mile deli every time we visit Phoenix. Everything we have tried tastes really good. Corn beef, pastrami and stuffed cabbage are my favorites. I also like the potato pancakes, potato knish and Mac and Cheese. They have delicious lemon meringue pie and cheese cake.
Everyone who works here is very pleasant and eager to help you. That includes the people behind the counter, the cashiers and the people who bring the tray to your table. The restaurant is always kept very clean.
I will keep coming back.
Best pastrami sandwich in the valley. Go for the New Yorker. Enormous. Filling. Delicious. You will feel fantastic after this experience. Don't forget to get a Dr. Brown soda, also
I may be stuck in my ways....but that's a good thing at Miracle Mile. I always get the New Yorker on a kaiser roll. Corned beef and pastrami with coleslaw. Sloppy, delicious and juicy. Sometimes I get it with fries and sometimes with potato salad, but either way it's always delish.

Cafeteria style, fast service, clean, loud and busy! Just like NYC...and they have Dr. Brown's, if you know what I mean.

Just tried the bread pudding for the first time. Nothing to write home about, but still very good. Lots of raisins....

Great deli, if not the best in Phoenix.
I have been to Miracle Mile before, just not this one. 
Probably not a fair review because I only got a grill cheese sandwich. It comes with a side, I got chips and a drink. You get to choose your bread and I chose the marble rye. The makings for a great sandwich. So what kind of cheese do they use? Not real cheese. You know the kind that is wrapped in plastic and will keep in the refrigerator for two years and still be eatable. 
On the better side my mother in law and father in law got a ruben and a turkey. Those sandwiches really looked good and they said so. 
The service was as good as you could ever expect at a cafeteria type of eatery. Everyone was friendly and the people that came by the tables cleaning and helping guests were fantastic. I was very impressed with they way they took care of everyone. 
Unless you are fond of imitation cheese pass on the grill cheese sandwich. Everything else looked good.
I went there for lunch on a work day with some coworkers. The inside reminded me of a hospital or college cafeteria. It is definitely very casual and lines move very fast. 
Maybe I didn't know what to order or I ordered the wrong things, but I wasn't too impressed with the food. 
After staring at the menu for a while waiting in line, I decided to go for their deal of 1/2 sandwich and two sides. I ordered the hot pastrami sandwich with a side of mac n cheese and their steamed vegetables. Then I watched how my food was put together without any passion in less than 10 seconds. 
The sandwich was just really ok. Nothing special. In fact, it was just bread and a lot of pastrami. There was nothing else on it. No sauce, no cabbage, nothing. As far as the sides go, the Mac n cheese was the best of the whole meal. The vegetables were broccoli and carrots and tasted like water. I didn't really enjoy this meal and actually got stomach cramps afterward. 
I won't go out of my way to go there again, unless someone takes me and orders something amazing for me.
I have been going to Miracle Mile since I was a kid, back when they used to have a location at Chris-Town Mall. (I just aged myself!) Anyways, I always got the same..well almost. A triple decker or the New Yorker and a YooHoo to wash it all down! My goodness!

But I went without it for a long time due to my service in the military and dreamt of Miracle Mile's yummy pastrami on an onion bun! So needless to say I got happy when I discovered a location on the East Valley!! So I dragged my boss, a first timer, and got a New Yorker with fries and an ice cold YooHoo! My taste buds were singing!

It was nice being able to relish in a childhood memory and see my boss enjoy in her first time enjoying it!

I recommend this place everyone and anyone! The best place to ever get a pastrami sandwich!
I have been wanting to try this place for a while now and had the opportunity today. They did not disappoint! I jad the straw and it was delicious! I am going to try their New Yorker next trip.
First went to MM as a small child in the 60's with my dad when they had one down at Park Central Mall; took my son to Christown in the 80's and now I take my grandson to Camelback. 
My fav is the New Yorker-huge pile of pastrami, coleslaw and Russian dressing on a fresh onion roll, plenty for two or save for lunch the next day. My son loves their salads and my grandson loves the homemade mac n cheese with jello for dessert.
I love to see places with polite employees and MM 
's are great and many seem to have been around forever.
You don't stay in business as long as MM unless your doing something right.
I ordered the cheesesteak (which is made with brisket) and although it wasn't bad by any means, it was pretty average. The fact that it's also $10.99 makes it less than exciting. The fries are straight out of a 1950's hospital cafeteria. They're so bland they shouldn't be offered.

The clientele was older: probably 60-80 years old on average. The vibe is completely that of a cafeteria.

The restaurant has been around more than 50 years, and although it's sad to say it, it won't be around for another 50. This type of food, cafeteria-service, and interior is going to fade away as the generation that supported it eventually passes on. If you're under 60 and not from the east coat, this NYC Deli/Cafeteria shtick isn't going far with you. With the many sandwich options surrounding this area, I can't ever see why I'd come here again, unless it's to soak up the nostalgia for a simpler time, when food standards were less stringent and the way to order food was with a tray in hand.
OK seriously.  This could be one of Arizona's hidden treasures.  I almost don't want to share this, because it will eventually mean long lines for me.

This is a corner store (appropriately on the corner) of 56th Street and Indian School.  It at some time was probably a 7-11 or Circle K.  But they have THE BEST sandwiches in town.  When you walk in, it's a little sketchy.  So don't say you haven't been warned.  It is a convenience store and in a corner of the store they also happen to make sandwiches.  

If you aren't scared away, then you are in luck, because this corner of the store is where all the magic happens.  You ask the Asian guy at the counter for a slip and you write down your sandwich order.  He then hands it to the Asian guy in the corner who will then make your sandwich.  

They use Boar's Head meats and aren't stingy with it!  I had a roast beef sandwich that had at least 2 inches of meat on it...and with all the toppings, my sandwich was only $6!  

Plus, since it's a grocery store/gas station type place, you can grab some chips, nuts, drinks, beer, wine...whatever you need to go with your sammie.  I passed on the beer/wine since I was headed back to work to eat my sandwich at my desk. I recommend that you too get your sandwich and sides "to go"...since it's a corner store, there is no where to "sit and eat" unless you like eating in your car...and I have a really weird aversion to people who eat in their cars.  OR...you can dine in the AZ summer heat at a picnic table that is in the parking lot.  But, the table was taken today by a truck full of construction workers who obviously also learned about this wonderful sandwich shop.

Anyway, if you work or live in the area, you need to give this place a try...it is truly one of the best sandwiches I've had in at least a year or two.  I will be going back...REAL SOON.
You would never know it from the sign out front, but this little convenience store on 56th Street and Indian School is quite a gem!  I've been in a few times over the years for a drink or a snack or what have you, but today, I decided to go pick up a sandwich, and I was super impressed!

"Proudly featuring Boar's Head," says the sticker on the saran wrap that sealed my sandwich, and it's featured on the sandwich board as well.  Boar's Head = quality, or so my husband has ingrained in my head.  He grew up on the stuff in Jersey!  

Back to my sandwich... I ordered the turkey with the works on a wheat roll.  ($5.59) It was ready in minutes and totally hit the spot.  My only complaints were that they don't offer avocado and the store has a very limited chip selection.  (note to store - please order some sun chips!)

On a positive note, they have picnic tables outside, although I took my sandwich to go.  I'll be back to this deli / market for sure - I live and work super close by!
I'm surprised that this place only has a handful of reviews, but I guess that happens when your regulars are a bunch of Yelp sales people who can't write reviews.

I frequent this establishment bi-weekly and always get a legit sando. Not too many Deli's in Phx that are that classic Deli/Convenient store combo like you find on every few corners in Cali, and this spot nails it. I usually stick with the Ham & Turkey Club because their bacon kills it, nice and crispy, crunch.
This unsuspecting gem offers cheap, delicious sandwiches and boasts Boar's Head quality meats and cheeses.  I was so happy when I stumbled across this place.  It feels like a true "corner" deli.  The sandwiches vary between $5-6 a pop with a wide assortment of options.  They certainly don't skimp on the fixings.  My simple turkey and salami on sliced wheat bread was a good 2.5 inches tall.  They also have a great selection of beverages and beers to compliment your sandwich selection.  We sat outside to enjoy our sandwiches and watched a steady stream of happy customers, many of which seemed like regular visitors.  Don't make the mistake of driving by this place again without stopping in for a sandwich.
I stopped in quickly for bottled water and walked out with a delicious bacon turkey club piled high with turkey.
Surprisingly... Amazing!! The fresh bacon makes it mouthwatering. Docked one star because they lacked personality & admittedly don't use Yelp!
When I was still a 'burbs baby working at the neighborhood mall - I thought Einstein's was the bomb.  I thought they had the best bagels in the world.  I thought it was sooo cool that I could get a salad and a coffee drink at the same time.  The one that was between my house and my mall had this awesome big solid wood table that could sit 6 easily and it was my favorite thing in the world to hang out at that table w/ my bagel, random coffee drink and the newspaper spread all over the place.  

Here's the thing.  I didn't know any better.  I wasn't wrong to like what I liked - but I was wrong to think they were quite as great as they were.  What did I know about independent coffee shops?  I should have realized that the black and white photos all over the place were just as corporate as the faux-antique newspaper crap all over the inside of the neighborhood Subway.  But they were in frames and somehow that made them different.  

As I've gone new places and tried new things, I've still occasionally eaten at an Einsteins.  Folks bring bagels into the office.  I'm looking for a better than drive through salad in a hurry and it's nearby.  And it's never been "bad".  Problem is, it hadn't been really great either.  It's fine.  It totally gives you what you order.  But nothing more.  

I went to one recently and found that it's menu had again almost completely changed since I'd been in last.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and an iced tea.  I chose a Caesar salad as my side.  Salad = 1/1/2 stars.   Not good. Sandwich was 3 stars.  Totally just ok and nothing more.  Interesting flavor - but quickly forgettable.  I do like their green tea.  But for almost $9 for a sandwich and an iced tea I found myself thinking about how much better I could have done.  

Bagels for the office - fine.  Go for it.  They'll even pre-cut them which I think is a great option.  And they almost always have my fav (pumpernickel) available which gives them bonus points.  But for lunch?  Unless you're really having a very specific craving that, for some bizarre reason, only they can fill - keep driving.
Thank God for Einstein's. The weekend morning blues are quickly abated by their creamy cheesy goodness. Bagels are often warm and fresh, especially on those weekend mornings when traffic at the store is heavy and turnover is high. 

Compared with the real deal in NYC or even some of its independent counterparts around Phoenix, it can't keep up. But, purely for reasons of convenience and accessibility, these pretty good bagels and sandwiches are fantastic.
I like their coffee.  I believe it is some of the best for a corporate joint, but...

The quality of workers has declined since school started back up.  I hate to say it, but the black guy and the creepy-looking old guy just don't cut it, especially when there is no one there at 2 in the afternoon and they can't get my order of a single bagel with schmear right.  I'll wait until they get more help or school gets out again.

Edit: They have cleaned up service a bit.  Haven't had a single problem in several months.
Hooray for this place finally getting it's S*** together!

My husband and I have come here for some two years. We always stop buy before we hike the nearby Camelback Mountain. And each time, they screw something up. Usually, there's a huge line and, even though we ask for our bagels DOUBLE toasted, they fail to toast them AT ALL. Seriously. Every. Freaking.Time.

Last weekend, we can here. There was no line. And, lo and behold, they toasted our bagels perfectly. They put the right cream cheese on. And the bathrooms didn't smell. Awesome.
Keep it up, Einstein's.
Get the asiago cheese bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese!!!!!!!!!
Agree with @Joel L. and everything he said...
This goes for all the EBs I've been to! 
There is nothing fantastic about EB. Decent? yes! Fantastic? Not so much. Overpriced? Absolutely!
I do have to say though that I really like the whipped cream cheese.
I'd probably give more stars if EVERYTHING was a bit cheaper....
Had a coupon for a free bagel and shmear from facebook so went in for my usual sun dried tomato bagel toasted with plain cream cheese.  I swallowed it down with a lemonade.  The bagels here are always pretty good and the breakfast sandwiches are good too.
Love that they have the dozen to go bagels ready and boxed.  Ran in and ran out and back to the office to feed the team!
This place has the worst coffee ever, and their mass produced and over priced bagels aren't much better. I spent $6 on a bagel, cream cheese, and a coffee. Nope, not worth it. Not at all. Especially since their coffee tastes like watered down crap.
Went in today for a bagel an cream cheese. I used to always get a sun dried tomato bagel and today I found out it's discontinued. :( I will not be coming back anymore.
I generally enjoy eating at Einstein's. It's a good tasting, quick, and fairly priced meal. The shmears are good, the bagels are fresh, and the sandwiches are filling. So, I must let you know this review applies only to this Einstein's.

I've come here quite a few times, but finally decided to write a review because I'm sick of the mistakes - it needs to be said. At any fast(ish) food restaurant, there is always an expectation of some mistakes being made on your food. But when those mistakes are continually made and cost you extra money...you start getting fed up.

I've had certain staff members screw up my order every time they make it. This is very frustrating, especially when you order cream-cheese (at something like $1.50 extra..which is kinda ridiculous in the first place) and you don't get it with your food, it's infuriating. When you often get your food to go, you don't realize until you reach your destination and it is too late by then. You always have to check your order after leaving Taco Bell, but I thought Einsteins was a little higher than that - apparently not this one.

However, there is one shining star - Cathrin. If everybody made your order as quickly or perfectly as her, this place would be getting a much higher rating from me.

So, if you are going to this location, I warn you. Some of the employees don't pay attention.
Einsteins in general has mediocre bagels at best, and their "schmears" appear to be highly processed.  I've generally given up on Einsteins all together because because their food has really taken a nose dive, as has the service.  I stopped by this location recently because I was driving by and in a hurry, and wanted a bagel (they're supposed be a bagel store after all!).  First, no salt bagels.  Aren't salt bagels one of the standards?  Second, I ordered my bagel with cream cheese (cream cheese being a $1.50 option) to go and that was my real mistake.  Whoever made the bagel didn't even manage to slice all the way through the bagel and put an amount of cream cheese approximately equivalent to a pat of butter on one-half of the bagel.  The other half was basically dry.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say, I was pretty annoyed when I got to work and opened up my bagel.  Stick to any of the local bagel joints like Chompies or Kashmans - they have much better bagels, and they will dump a brick of cream cheese on them for you.
I'm a big fan of Einstein Bros Bagels, and I'd probably visit every morning if one was a bit closer to my house. But when did it become so pricey? Einstein was an old college hangout, and I had very little money back then. So why is it that, now, when I'm a filthy rich public school teacher, breakfast here is emptying my wallet?
Looks like they have a new menu. The line is long at times. Service is fast once I was able to order.
Overall very average. The service was slow. We asked about our order and they had skipped right over it. The half and half is always empty and we typically need to ask for it to be filled. There seem to be a lot of people on staff but still very very slow.   Their prices seem high for the product that you receive.
Again, out of creamer for the coffee.
I am new to the area. And Einstein Bros is not in Cincinnati as far as I know. Before this I have only had it once in DC and liked it. But they have pretzel bagels. And pretzel bagels are my favorite kind. It takes the best of both worlds, the pretzel world and the bagel one. And I love their cream cheese. It is light and fluffy. Plus it actually fills me up. As far as service and other conditions of the place. Eh I never been too bothered to notice. The guy who takes my orders now remembers my name, which is a nice touch.
I just came in for an OJ and one of their fruit cups, I was in a deep craving of fruits and this was the closest spot to me that Thursday that offered such small craving to-go. The service was okay/good. Could have been better.
Great service staff, delicious bagels, and saliva inducing coffee aroma.  Easy to eat healthy here with the bagel thins and tons of veggies.
Easy parking, served immediately, enjoyed my bagel and tasty coffee, plenty of seating, and clean tables. No complaints.
Einstein is a great establishment and the bagels are great
My last visit was a nice one as I stopped in for a light lunch
The cashier was very friendly and helpful as I had a hard time making up my mind
I ended up choosing the deli sandwich on a wheat bagel and I also got a fruit cup and some tea...
My bagel sanny turned out to be very yummy and got a ton of likes on instagram
:)
It was very clean and just calm inside of Einstein on this lovely Sunday morning
My son likes to go there for poppers on the weekend.  His second choice is the chocolate chip coffee cake.  This is the second weekend in a row that they have been out of both.   The first time, I thought it was a fluke.  Two weekends in a row is a trend.  If you run out of something daily, make more of it.  Obviously, there's now more of a demand for both of these.  You can make more of them to meet the demand or don't and demand will go down from people like me not coming back to your store.  Dunkin Doughnuts, here we come again!
Ordered their new Turkey Cranberry panini without bacon, and I got one spinach leaf, a dab of cranberry sauce and a mediocre turkey lunch meat slice for $8... Not worth it. Very disappointed. Good orange juice though.
I LOVE Einstein bagels. A LOT. Bet bagels I have had. We live right by this location and go there often but today was my last time I will go to this specific one. It is so dirty. I will give them a break that yes it was Presidents' Day so they were probably busy ... But there was trash on every table, all over the floor, the coffee bar area was disgusting, and the last straw was the gross bathroom. You can tell it had not been cleaned in months. There was so much grime on the sink and the paper towel dispenser I was majorly grossed out. It makes me wonder how clean the kitchen area really was. My order was wrong which Happens no big deal... On top of that I have never had good customer service there- next time I will drive the extra 10 minutes out of my way to the location on Tatum and shea's- they're always friendly and it's very clean there.
Very nice store!! This is the largest Einstein's I've been too and I really like it! There is plenty of room to wait for your food and also to dine in. Food was amazing as always. The staff were very nice and friendly and the store itself was very clean. This is the closest Einstein's to me and I will absolutely visit again!
This store is in a great location.  They do a good job moving the customers through the line.

Each time I have ordered the food has been great. Very good quick and affordable breakfast place.
This Einsteins is always kicking. They do a good job of getting through the lines that happen prior to 10. The manager is very present and interacts with the customers frequently. They offer free wifi and don't mind if you hang out for awhile. The only opportunity would be cleaning. It is not always kept up after the morning rush.
Girl at front counter was in a very bad mood didn't even say hi....  dirty and rude.. last time I'm coming here
My daughter and I had a yummy breakfast. Fast service. Coffee is delicious. Bagel skinny sandwiches were good.
I went there last week for breakfast. I left with a burnt bagels and a watered down latte. The employees don't take any pride in their product. I sent my comments into corporate and they didn't reply. Overall no body cares. They've lost a customer. I would recommend either Starbucks which is across the street or Wildflower Bakery. I always get great service and good food at both locations.
I waited 20 minutes for my asiago bagel and I was the only one in the dining area  but they forgot about it and burned my bagel. Service is terrible.
.
While Sacks has many delicious sandwiches, If you like cheese steaks, you will appreciate the skillfulness and artistry with which Sacks creates their Encore sandwich. On an eight inch, toasted french roll, they generously place hot, juicy prime steak meat, your choice of hot or mild peppers, tomatoes, lettuce and a creamy, delicious feta yogurt dressing. Their soda sizes vary from an extreme small size to a large size cup that looks like a take-out-won-ton soup container. They have a great selection of iced teas and lemonade that make for great Arnold Palmers. Whenever I'm in Phoenix, I have to stop by and I recommend you do too.
Sacks fills an obvious void we Phoenicians have to deal with. The lack of high quality, creative yet reasonably priced sandwiches in a casual atmosphere is blatant to any transplants, especially former Californians. 

While I was living in California, I came to learn that there were a handful of good sandwich spots around that provided an excellent alternative to fast or cafeteria food. Back in AZ, there isn't much, but I'm finding places like Sacks, DeFalco's, and even Cheba Hut are taking us there. Just in a slow, more spread out kind of way.
I have been craving the heck out of this place!  I finally looked it up and found there was one not too far from me that I hadn't known about.  I might make that a lunch run but MAN I just want to be back at this one!   It's special.  Oh... it's not just the sandwiches - though they are super yummy.  The Symphony is my favorite, with it's yummy turkey breast, bacon, alfalfa, tomato, alfalfa sprouts and cream cheese spread on 12 grain bread (I have them hold the avocado).  SO good every time!

But what makes this particular location so special?  

Firemen.  

Yup.  Firemen.  There must be a firehouse nearby because at least 4 out of 5 times I've gone over there there were groups of firemen.  

Hello???  Hot firemen and good sandwiches??  Yum yum yummie.
Yeah, not so good, and I have given this place several chances.  The sandwiches are overstuffed, kind of sloppy and made with sub-standard quality ingredients.  I would actually rather get a sandwich from subway.  And it it way too loud to sit inside this place.  I wish it was better then it is because I can literally walk here from my house.  The salads are pretty good.  I'll give them that.
Having grown up in Europe, if there is one thing I truly miss is high quality sandwiches. Nothing wrong with Subways, but the quality of the bread, despite being made several times a day seems to be very cardboardish. Sack's was close to were I worked and has so far been my favorite sandwich place in Phoenix. Always a but crowded and busy, maybe noisy for some but I'd rather be in a place that feels busy and alive than the only one eating my sandwich. My  favorties are the Improv and the Gothic (warm sandwich). All sandwiches comes with a little cookies which is always pleasant I find. Only negative and I'll admit to ignoring the suggestion is that there is a sign by the owners that ask those who have "regular" sized cups to not refill. Not very customer friendly I think. But, and I ask the manager/owner from time to time I really do wish they would open one up in Scottsdale. Prices are probably a bit high, it comes with the neighborhood but I do think the quality of the sandwiches make up for it.
Meh..not particularly memorable.
I've eaten at this location and the one by ASU, though I like this location better. I would probably only eat here if I was walking by and I was starving. 
The cookies ROCK though, I like that you get one with your sandwich. And they have my favorite flavor of Jones Soda (Sugar-free Black Cherry) which kicked ass. 

Warning: The roast beef sandwich (Overture?) comes with horseradish sauce and it is hot as a mother.  I like the spice but it was almost unbearable. My nose pretty much turned into a snotty waterfall. 

Go to Opa Grill next door instead.
The sandwiches are creative, fresh and tasty ... sometimes a bit juicy for elegant eating, but hey, most of the time the place is full of students, and students don't take time for elegance, no?  The free cookie is nice, the "no refills" soda policy is not.  Prices are fair.  
But the place is LOUD.  Uncomfortably so.  It's not the music, or even the conversation level ... it's that there is not one soft surface in the place, and sound amplifies as it bounces off glossy walls, counters, tables and floors.  It's designed that way, and lord knows why. 
The sandwiches and salads make up for it, though.
Hey! Do you love Sacks as much as I do? Let's go have some Hot Sacks.  Want to come with me?  Go have some Sacks in the city?

Sorry.  I couldn't resist.

I also heard a little while back that the Phx location is Dirty Sacks!  Frankly,  it's given me a chance to shout "Who wants dirty Sacks?" at work so many times, I don't really care - but this was like a year ago, so hopefully they've gotten a little squeakier!  Honestly, though, I've never seen anything I'd think was really gross around there, or had anything wrong with my sandwiches.

My love of veggie sandwiches prevails, and so I must give props to Sacks for their Impressionist sandwich - got to love a fresh tasting sandwich (cream cheese, lettuce, cucumber,  tomato, carrot, avocado, red onion, sprouts) with your  choice of 2 kinds of cheeses (in addition to the cream cheese, oh yes)!

On the meaty side of things, I have thoroughly enjoyed a few different kinds, but I really like the Art Deco (salami, ham, provolone cheese, marinated bell pepper, lettuce, tomato, onion, pepperocini, & italian dressing), or to change it up, the O'Keefe on the rare rainy day (it's a  sandwich of soft chunks of chicken, sauteed mushrooms, swiss cheese, avocado, lettuce, tomato, honey mustard).

I totally appreciate that they have different kinds of bread ( I like the grilled onion dill bread or sun dried tomato basil bread!) & with your sandwich, you always get a delicious chocolate chip cookie!  You can buy the batter to make your own cookies from the eatery too, which is pretty cool.

I've only tried the pasta salad out of the sides, but I dug it - it's a nice little addition to the meal - definitely am interested in trying some of the other sides or soups!

My favorite thing to do, though, now that I've tried a few things on the menu, is to just go in randomly and see what the daily specials are & pick a sandwich off of that sideboard.  Jeez... I got a sandwich there once, I'm watering at the mouth a little just remembering it.

I think it was called the Michaelangelo (for good reason - oh, and are you seeing a naming trend?  Get it?... *art* of sandwicherie, hurr hurr) - it was on grilled onion dill bread, had chicken, black forest ham, grilled mushrooms & artichoke hearts, melty havarti cheese, fresh spinach, tomato, olives, & I do believe some kind of saucy condiment (what was it?! ahhh!)  Anyway, if this sandwich was available on a regularly scheduled basis, I would be there every time.

Phew, I need a minute to recover from writing that description. Let's see. The staff has always been pleasant to me, and the food is reasonably priced.  I only wish it were open later, or on Sunday as well!

Oh well. Sunday is a day of rest.  I guess I shouldn't  be having Sacks then anyway.
Napkin mittens.     How is it possible to destroy a sandwich and it's contents in the matter of 30 seconds?   Let's see, they put it together with yummy ingredients then they must use a large stick to shove it in the wrapper.  Nice party trick but not good at a restaurant.  What a mess when you open it, and I even had to use a spork to finish it.

Anyways, the food tastes good and the free cookie is a nice touch.   Oh yeah, the other beef I have with this place is the sign "Drink refills for large size only!" WTF!!!

I'll be inventing those napkin mittens before I come back to this place again.
I have really mixed emotions about Sack's. 

On one hand, the baguette bread is soft and chewy; the sandwiches are creative (my coworkers both really like the Jazz and the Gothic); if you don't see a sandwich on the menu you want you can create your own; they use spicy brown mustard (yummy!); the caesar salad is good; service is quick; and you get a cookie with all sandwiches and salad.

On the other hand, it gets really crowded if you don't get there by 11:30 am or arrive after 12:45 pm; the parking lot is super small, so you typically have to park at First Watch; there is a sign that drink refills are for the large size only (I have ignored that sign as I find it ridiculous that they could actually monitor who refills and doesn't); it gets very very noisy so it is hard to hear the people sitting at your own table; and I think the price is a bit high for a sandwich shop (about $9 for an 8 inch sandwich, chips and a regular soda which apparently I can't refill).

Sacks is nice occasionally, but I hate to admit, when I am really craving a sandwich or sub, I usually run to Subway where I can get a meal for almost half the price of Sacks.
Art of Sandwicherie. Clever, no? Too bad their approach left me with mixed emotions. 

If you've never been here, prepared to be overwhelmed. Seriously. The menu is so big, you don't know where to start. Go with a friend who's been and can give you pointers. My lunch friend made a couple recommendations. I ended up ordering the Mona Lisa. I was gonna nix the lemon capper mayo, but I figured a little wouldn't hurt. Whoa. Both slices of bread were slathered with this white stuff. Not bad taste. Just bad on the waist. 

The sandwich was very, very good. Smoked salmon with sprouts on pumpernickel bread. It was very good, and I was very hungry. 

But I just ordered one sandwich and it came to $7.57. That doesn't include anything else. No drink, except water (which was tap). I'm told they charge for everything here - every little extra you ask for. So, my cup of water my have cost me. Who knows. 

My sandwich came with a "free" cookie, too. Come to think of it; maybe they charged me for that too!

Would I be back? Well, yes. You buying? I mean, I love a good sandwich. I also love getting my money's worth. For $7.57, I would have hoped for a sandwich large enough for me to divide between lunch and din-din. No avail. I wolfed the entire thing down happily. Even better, it didn't make me bloated later, which I feared, since most foods tend to be heavy on the salt.

The interior is a bit messy in the sense that it's chaotic. This is more of your lunch rush place. Order. Grab. Eat. Run. 

When you place your order, they ask your name. Then they call your name when it's ready. I told the cashier how to spell my name, so when the order-yeller looked peeved that nobody was picking up the sack, I felt no remorse. "Alisia" is not how you spell my name. I let the cashier know this. He just shrugged. 

In fact, that's one stellar way to sum up Sack's. Just shrug. Go on. Do it now. Shoulders up. Shoulders down. Yep. That's exactly how I feel about this place.
Like so many other restaurants in the downtown Phoenix area, Sacks is overpriced for what it is and if you are expecting the quality of "Sachs," the department store, you will be disappointed. 

The "sandwicherie" title means they are serving sandwiches and not subs. Kind of like what you'd make at home on bread. 

I'm not sure it's done  any better here than at Subway or Blimpie. To me, the deli at the Safeway up the road has more exotic sandwich toppings than Sacks (including two different kinds of guacamole).

Like so many places in AZ, every sandwich offered has some kind of cheese on it. It's like it gives the restaurant a reason to throw another buck or two onto the price. 

Additionally, Sacks has numerous flies in the summertime. Covering your food is a requirement before going to the restroom, though most of them hang out on the windows. 

I've been to Sacks during the busy lunch rush and I've been there when there were more flies than patrons. 

The one bright spot is their homemade desert cookies and bars. For some reason they are served cold, which takes some of the freshness away. Exotic flavors of iced tea like mango and pineapple green are a plus too, but by all means not the best unsweetened teas around.
I love the sandwiches at this place. They have the best ingredients and so many options. The sandwiches do make quite a mess but it's because they are jam packed with goodness; the bread can't contain all the condiments they stuff in there. 

It does have horrible art on the walls and gets really crowded at lunch, but I've sat outside and had pleasant meals (usually I just take it home). 

If you like BLT's with avocado you MUST try the Jazz it is delightful!
I have to say that I really enjoy eating at Sacks.  It's definitely one of my top two lunch spots for yummy quick eats.  I've sampled quite a bit of the menu and my second favorite sandwich is the O'Keefe.  It's basically chopped chicken, sauted mushrooms, melted Swiss, avocado, lettuce, tomato and honey mustard served hot on a soft baguette.  The honey mustard gives it just enough tang to really bring out the flavor of the seasoned chicken.  My only "beef" with this sandwich is hot lettuce.  I'm sorry, but there are some things in this universe that were not meant to be, and lettuce being served on a hot sandwich (or on a hot Mexican food plate; more on that later) is not one of them!  

My most favorite sandwich here is the Symphony.  I like to think of it as a turkey club with a twist.  It's loaded with fresh turkey breast deli style meat, bacon, avocado, tomatoes, LOTS of alfalfa sprouts, cream cheese and mayo on wonderful 12 grain bread.  I usually hold the mayo, because that's just the kinda guy I am.  You might say, that's how I roll. But I say, I'm just not a mayo kinda guy...

The best part about lunch at Sacks is the silver dollar sized warm chocolate chip cookie you get with your sandwich.  And yes, it's been reported that the Tiki sometimes eats the cookie first, but having no photographic evidence, you can't prove it and I'll plead the 5th.  And speaking of tiki's there's a really cool Tiki at the Tutor Time just a few doors down to the north.  Check it out!

Okay, I said the cookie was the best part of lunch at Sacks, but I lied.  The really super dooper best part about lunch at Sacks is the Market Spice Iced Tea.  Some days it's too weak, some days it's too strong, but on the days that it's just right, it will blow your socks off, so you might want to bring an extra pair, just to be safe!

My only dislike about Sacks is that is can get pretty loud at lunch.  It's usually crowded between 12-12:30 so I try to go early or after 1 pm.  And don't forget, you can always call ahead and take it to go!
Great place to get a sandwich. Oh, and did I mention the cookie?
I personally am not a big fan of sandwiches. And when I go out to eat I usually want to get something I can't or won't make for myself at home. You won't catch me picking up lunch at Subway or most sub shops. However, I love Sacks! I love the fact that the have at least 20+ unique combinations (or you can make your own) and that every sandwich comes with freshly baked chocolate chip cookie! It's just delightful! My favorite combination is the turkey sandwich with cheese, sprouts and stuffing! Probably defeats the healthy factor of ordering a turkey sandwich in the first place but well worth it! They also have a great Thai noodles salad side (just $1). They are fast and efficient but super popular. So be warned if you are in a hurry call ahead and place your order.
Huh, I haven't reviewed Sacks.  Lets fix that!

I am in Sacks fairly often, they have fresh, reliably tasty eats,  I would be in there more often if they were opened in the evenings.

I nearly always eat whatever is on special and have also tried several of their regular menu selection although I have not made my own as yet.  I like that they seem to think about how the sandwich is constructed physically as well as flavor counterpoints.  I have never had a sandwich fall apart in my hands here or thought something was too bland.

I appreciate the inhouse made side options the rotini salad being my go-to.  I'd love to taste their version of a German style potato salad.  If you go for their combo deal they put a baby cookie on your plate.  Its a pretty good cookie that makes you wish it was a big one.  This is probably how they sell their take home cookie dough.

They don't get the fifth star for two reasons.  One, the two different combo options are not explained on their menu board.  Considering it is an upsell for them they must perform routinely through out the day it should be clearly posted.  Second, the high ceiling and sealed concrete floor can make it difficult to have a conversation in there when they are busy unless you are lucky enough to get a seat in the alcove.  They need some wall hangings in the rafters or sommat.
This is the one shop that comes to my mind when I want a sandwich. Quite possibly my favorite lunch...the Jazz, Poor Brothers Jalapeno chips, a cute little chocolate chip cookie, and a Mr. Pibb. In fact, I had that today! Awesome.
My sandwich was tasty. It was ready soon after I ordered it. Pretty good. I'd go again.
I've been here twice and I loved it everytime. It's light, fresh and packed with flavor. I really enjoy their sandwiches and the pasta isn't half bad except the oriental noodles that was just way too salty. But other than that, very tasty stuff. They have a large variety of sandwiches with quirky little names. Oh and they throw in a cookie! Give it a try I'm sure you will enjoy it and want to go back for more.
A sandwich that is good enough to satisfy you but not quite memorable enough to earn your consistent patronage.  

I do appreciate their naming conventions, as it reminds me of all of those peaceful afternoons spent sleeping during my Art History class.
For some reason I find it incredibly difficult to find a good sandwich in this town - its either Subway or a sit-down restaurant so I was thrilled when I found Sacks... a happy medium. It's perfect for a midweek sandwich with coworkers. Its a no-frills restaurant... don't go expecting to be wowed by the interior or "vibe" of the place, but rather a quick and tasty sandwich. My personal favorite is the Sack's Symphony with added honey mustard. My girlfriend always gets the Mona with salmon. Bonus - every order comes with a chocolate chip cookie. 

Note - during the lunch hour it can get busy and loud. We like to order ahead and skip the line by hitting up the "to go" counter.
Sorry to say this folks but I went by Sacks (Indian School & 48th St) today and it is GONE! I can't find any info about the closing online so am hoping that the other locations are still up and running... Really liked this place too!
Reopened today (3/4/2011)! That in and of itself is worth 5 Stars!

New location is on Indian School, west of 44th St, on the south side of the road.
New Location @ 4247 E Indian School! is open!! 

Same great Sacks new location!  New space is bright a cool art and lots of parking!

I am a big fan of the Improv what can be better then Thanksgiving on a baguette.

And who is not a fan the a included cookie. ;-)
I refuse to eat at a restaurant where you stole 98% of your menu from another restaurant and just changed the names!  Shame.

Wish I could give zero stars
Get the encore sandwich!! Make sure to get it with the yogurt sauce!!  AMAZING!!
Love love love..this place.. I try to eat here 2 times a week.. The jimmy buffet salad and mushroom soup are to die for..
When you find a well-priced deli with great sandwiches, you don't forget it.  Sacks is definitely one of those places!

I just had the Sack's Symphony and thought it was great, especially for only $5.99, which includes a free cookie!

They've got a decent amount of room to sit down, but I usually take my lunch to go because the tables fill up quickly around the lunch rush.  If you haven't already, try Sacks the next time you're craving a well-made sandwich!
This place is just what I've been looking for in AZ- an amazing sandwich place!  I went to sacks for the first time yesterday and LOVED IT.  I built my own sandwich which is always a plus.  Im too picky to order sandwichs that are off the menu.  Huge sandwichs for a very reasonable price.  My sandwich was only 6 something.  I wouldve paid 10.  (Sacks, Please dont up your price because I said that)!  I will be frequenting here a lot more for lunch.  Plus the business man candy during the lunch hour is great too.  yaaaa buddy
Great food I love the encore sandwich but the service is a joke..I am not sure quite what the deal is...but it's like the people behind the counter are bothered by customers...(Indian school location) They just they are too cool and the bankers hours are a joke...! Honestly the sandwiches are good but the "too cool" attitude needs to stop and they need to realize the customers are what keep them in business....
Went here for the first time this past Saturday. I was craving a Ruben - random I know. But it really hit the spot (although a little much on the slaw).

Just $6 for a big sandwich (I was full well into the evening) and a surprise cookie! I will definitely be back to try out some of the other choices or create my own.

Oh, and if you have the same initials they put on the chalkboard that day - you get a free sandwich! My lunch date had the opposite of what was posted (D.S. instead of S.D) and the cashier gave us both free drinks. Super cool.
I'm definitely a fan.  Fast, well made sandwiches at a darn good price.  They have a wide assortment of sammies already on the menu, OR you can just make your own.

The first time I went I had the special of the day.  It was a crazy assortment of grilled chicken, grilled artichoke hearts, spinach, pesto and cheese (havarti, I think) on grilled tomato basil bread.  Don't get me wrong, it was very good, just not my style.

I went back the next week so I could place a custom order in an attempt to mimic the end-all-be-all of sammies from my old (now closed) sandwich haunt that they called the Entrepreneur.

IT WAS DELICIOUS!!!  And only $5.18.  So good in fact that I didn't eat the cookie because I didn't want to spoil the taste in my mouth.

Here's how it goes: Grilled turkey, grilled ham, and bacon on grilled sourdough with lettuce, tomato and mayo.  

There is something special about this combination of flavors.  Get one.  I dare ya.
I like this place. Only like. Would love but can't since the bread is terrible. Plus, the front counter guy is totally rude. I didn't come for two years after my last visit because of him and now I'm back. To my horror, the nine grain bread is now bad quality ground wheat and that guy is still there, rude as ever and closing an hour early. Apparently I didn't get the memo because I showed up at 2:50, website says they close at 4. Sorry to disturb you so close to closing time!! Seriously, I can't go back given how awkward this dude is.
Sacks Art of Sandwicherie is a mix of southwest, Mexican and modern decor. The salad was rather basic, and the acoustics rather loud. The restroom is really cute but could use seat covers and sweep & mop. If your initials match the predetermined ones on the chalkboard near the front door your sandwiches free. Just don't bother joking with the staff about their own chalkboard. They'll have no idea what you're talking about nor the sense of humor, should you jokingly mention it your initials are posted.
I don't get this place..I seriously think I could go to the store, get the same type of ingredients and make a similar sandwich for less money. I know there are lots of different sandwiches here that you can try. I suppose I prefer a place that has a select few sandwiches that are really good opposed to a lot of choices with ok flavor.

The bread is seriously the cheap kind you can get at the store. It comes with a cookie which doesn't taste like anything special. Lots of people like it here and I can't say anything really...negative happened. I just won't be back.
We went to lunch here for the first time after passing by it 100s of times, we went on a tuesday afternoon at 12:30, it was busy but not too crowded. 

This place is NOT vegan friendly in the least, all of the sandwiches have some sort of dairy in them as do the soups. You can make your own sandwiches but I can make a sandwich with cold veggies or sauteed veggies with mustard at home. I would suggest offering grilled zucchini/eggplant with a sauce that is dairy free. 

All of the sandwiches are placed in sacks with plastic utensils and styrofoam cups, even if you eat in. This is not eco friendly, my pasta with marinara (which I can make at home) came in a nice plastic to-go container. While I realize this is not a restaurant per say, it would be nice if they had real forks/knives and plates if you plan to eat in and get something more ecofriendly than styrofoam. 

I did ask if they recycled before we left, and was told that the kitchen does, which is great! However, there is not a recycling container in the restaurant for the sacks/utensils or pasta to-go packages. 

I will not be returning to this non vegan friendly, non planet friendly sandwich shop and would not recommend it.
Yummm
Someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down. A large group of us went and many people liked their sandwiches but my turkey cranberry w/ stuffing sandwich was awful. The stuffing looked like dog food and it tasted like cardboard and fennel. The cranberry sauce tasted like it came from a can and there was nothing special about the bread. The upside is we got our orders fairly quickly and the atmosphere was alright for a quick lunch spot.
I was shocked to see all the negative reviews of this place.  I have been to each and every location and there would not be crowds of people most of the time if these reviews were to be believed (the angry vegan made me LOL).  Seriously though people, it's a sandwich, it's not a life-changing event.  

I love their sandwiches, especially the Symphony and the Encore.  This location is close to home and the staff is always super friendly and pleasant, and I always call ahead so I don't have to wait.  They have a very extensive freshly brewed iced tea offering (like 6 different kinds), and the ingredients are always fresh and tasty, not boring or bland.  I seriously can't get over all the haters on here who say they can make their own sandwich at home for less - you totally should!  The prices here are about $6.29 for a large sized sandwich, a mere dollar and a quarter difference from Subway! Plus the free cookie, there really is nothing better for the price.
As I've said previously, I love Sacks and their sandwiches. Compared to the downtown version, this location is nice. The parking is a little confusing, since it is shared with another restaurant, but at least there is plenty of parking! Both outside and inside are pretty cool. I've always called ahead and had my order ready and waiting to be devoured. For such a delicious sandwich, the price is great. My fav is the Symphony - turkey, avocado, and bacon on wheat. Perfection. The employees are really nice as well. I like that I can get in and out quickly at this location (compared to the downtown location). I just wish there was a Sack's closer to home!
You get a delicious chocolate chip cookie with your meal. Other than that, nothing stood out outstandingly. Sandwiches are good. Salads are decent. Soups are tasty (when they aren't sold out of the one you want).  And once, I wanted chicken noodle, but they were out of noodles that day. Why didn't they just call it chicken soup? Weird. It was still good. Call ahead to place your order because the wait can be a little long during the lunch rush!
I can't speak for all of the locations for Sacks, but the location on Indian School is my favorite sandwhich shop in the entire country. When we visit Phoenix our trip is not complete unless we have been more than once.
My wife loves the salads, especially the curry chicken salad.
I love almost any of the sandwhiches. Some of my favorites include the Encore, Symphony, and Overture.
Looking for a casual lunch spot with moderate prices and a large selection of sandwiches, salads, drinks, etc...? Look no further than Sacks.  Not only do they deliver on the attributes I mention above, but they also deliver literally (with a minimum $25 order and they charge just a gratuity that goes to the driver).

I used to frequent this Sacks when they were located at 48th St and Indian School, and just recently remembered that they relocated just down the street at 42nd and Indian School.  I've been several times in the last few weeks and have been a satisfied customer for sure.  

I usually go for their Cobb Salad (no onion and add avocado) with balsamic dressing.  I love that Sacks is fine with modifications to their menu items!  I'm also a fan of their egg salad, the Sacks Symphony Sandwich, and the Sacks Impressionist Sandwich.  I love that they have Snapple drinks and lots of iced tea fountain options as well as Sun Chips!  Their cookies (they come with every meal) are another nice perk if you're not watching your sweet intake!

I must say, I do miss the crackers that they used to serve with the salads awhile back.  Perhaps they will bring those back sometime soon?!

I have yet to take advantage of the delivery service mentioned above, but I do plan on using that in the future when I can't get away to pick up or eat there.  Glad to have yet another reliable lunch option in the hood!
Came here for an early lunch with a group of 6; Good thing we got here early as this place had lines almost out the door when we left.

I got a simple grilled cheese sandwich. It was pretty perfectly cooked.  

Very reasonable pricing! We'll be back!!!!!
Unimpressed and disappointed. There is nothing to these sandwiches. There are so many other places to get better sandwiches. Will not be returning.
Absolutely terrible experience.  Two thumbs down.

I have only heard good things about how great this place is. HA!

Our office ordered about 20 sandwiches from them.  The hot sandwiches were luke warm.  The chip order was not delivered. The drink order apparently was forgotten as well.  An $8 Ceasar salad that you would think would fill the container was so small it would fit in a small bowl.

Not recommended.  We will never order from there again and we have 350 people in our office.
I have been going to Sacks for 10 years.  I typically go at least once per week.  The quality of the food has gone down hill in the past year and the customer service is marginal at best.  I really want to give 4+ stars, but recently I have encountered too many negative experiences.  I truly hope they turn around the quality of the food and their customer experience.
Last week I wanted to come here for lunch with my daughter.  It was on a Thursday, after noon, and there was no parking to be found, with cars waiting like hungry vultures, to pounce on the first opportunity....

We didn't go.  I drive a huge truck and it's not easy to maneuver, especially in the very tight Sacks parking lot.  Sorry guys, that cost you a star, not because of my truck, silly, but the limited parking.  I came back on a Saturday, again right at noon.  There was one other vehicle in the lot and if it weren't for me spotting the open sign through the tinted window, we might have missed this place again!  This time, I parked in front, and I think within a few minutes, half of Arcadia must have had the same idea.

Anyway, the only sandwich I've ever had here is the Rubens.  It's perfect.  Warm pastrami, with a bit of cole slaw piled in on marble rye slathered with Thousand Island Dressing.  To me this is about the perfect sandwich and Sacks raises it to an art form.  4 different brews of fresh iced tea to wash down that perfection.  They also include a nice little chocolate-chip cookie to finish off that meal.

I've been coming here since before it was here - and it occupied a slot at the Arcadia Safeway center across from Arcadia High.  Maybe someday I'll be able to order a different sandwich, but heck, why?
This is the best sandwich place I've found in Phoenix/Scottsdale, which is unfortunately not saying much. This place is very nice, a good place to just pick up a sandwich or eat a sandwich or salad there. Great meat and cheese and fillings, but like every other place I've tried, disappointing bread. Their "French roll" is a soft sub-type bread you might buy at the grocery store, not the delicious crunchy fresh bread I'm used to in the San Francisco Bay Area. I will keep coming here, but I beg of AZ to discover fresh Dutch Crunch, Sourdough, and sweet French rolls.
Love this place but their hours on yelp is wrong. They close at 3 but yelp says 4pm, they need to look into that and get it fixed.
I was in town from LA shooting over at Arizona Virtual Studios, and needed a place to grab an easy, affordable, and somewhat healthful meal for my crew. I've been burned many times by picking a local eatery to pick up lunch. Still, I rolled the dice and was more than happy with our meal. Ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Our large order was ready in only fifteen minutes. Big thumbs up to Sack's, and I'll be using them when I'm back in town at this location.
Gothic.   Turkey Ham Mushrooms warm with melted cheese. 

A little pricey yet one of the best sandwiches you can have.  

A cozy place and the location most will not notice.   

A vast menu.  Bring your friends and visit often.
I love Sacks and will go out of my way for lunch here!  
Every time I eat at Sacks, I order something different. Sometimes it's a regular from the main menu, and sometimes it's one of their creative daily specials. I've never been disappointed. Fresh ingredients and fantastic flavor, created and served quickly by their super friendly staff in a casual cool ambiance.
Super fast and organized.... the sandwiches are always delicious and interesting.
Staff is super efficient.
Only popped in here briefly, but I can tell this place has the goods. I forgot how to find the Old Heidelberg German Bakery to replenish my German cupboard supplies, so I was at the mercy of my electronic navigator. It led me here. Cute little deli on the inside. Authentic German folks working there and frequenting there. Much chatter amongst regulars and workers.

Picked up a full liter of Maggi Wrze seasoning (the imported European stuff, not the crap you find in American supermarkets) and some Salat Krnung. Took a quick gander at their homemade wurst selection which included, amongst many others, white bratwursts, but only the Nrnberger variety, not the Thringer variety (I know, I'm awfully picky). But I will gladfully snarf down any bratwurst when the mood is right, so I'm almost certain I will be back to sample some of their beautiful emulsified sausages in the future. "Jawohl", that deli case is awfully tempting!
Was on the hunt for something new to try. After watching too much travel channel I decided that I really wanted to try blood sausage and pirozhki. Gave up on finding pirozhki today because to many places were closed :(

I remembered this place was up the street and decided to give blood sausage one more try. To my surprise when I called they answered and had what I was looking for. This was way outside the scope of luck I seemed to be having today.

I took a quick drive up there. I walked in and was one or two customers in the very tiny but cool shop. The other customer spoke fluent German and there was mass native tongue flying all around me. Kinda cool but also made me feel very out of place.

The only gripe I really have was there were 3 people in the back smoking and chatting and one lady in the front talking and helping the other customer. I was in there for a good 10-15 minutes before someone in the back came to help me. Also bring cash unless you plan to spent at least $10 because they won't run a card for any less then that.

The lady was very nice and quickly got all I was looking for. Decided to grab some blutwurst(blood sauge) and some kasseler smoked pork chop. I've had kasseler before and figured at least I had some protein for lunch if I hated the blood sausage.

I quickly went home and grilled them both to a nice toasty temp. The pork chop was good. Nothing spectacular but its smoked pork.. it really can't be bad.

The blutwurst was.... AMAZING! This may now be one of my favorite tube shaped foods, as Bourdain would call it.

It had this amazing dark rich flavor followed by a strong flavor from the barely that was also in the sausage. Very earth.. very.. I would say blood like but I can't say with any certainty I've had another blood product before.
Growing up with a German great-grandmother who was straight off the boat, my childhood did not lack the presence of sausages like Knackwurst and Bratwurst. As a child I always tried them, but did not like them. So, in the name of adult research I am starting my Phoenix 'culinaria germany' research at the Edelweiss Deli.

I have driven by this deli for 3 years now. Walking in I was surprised to see a small selection of ingredients like mustard, vinegars, huge jars of sauerkraut, egg noodles, etc. along the back wall. Behind the counter there were sausages of all kinds, slabs of bacon and a few gelatinous deli meats I was scared to try. There was also a few different dessert breads and some beautiful Streusels on display.

I stuck with the basics and decided on a simple lunch special of Knackwurst with German Potato Salad and Sauerkraut. As Sara K. mentions, it does says "Dieters Beware" on the door - so naturally the German potato salad and sauerkraut had smoked bacon in both. A little overwhelming for my dainty American palate so I had a few bites but that was enough. However, the Knackwurst was excellent had great flavor and went well with the Bavarian Style and Hot Mustard I purchased. Nicely priced at just under $7 the lunch specials came with the meat and sides and a roll.

I didn't have the uncomfortable experience some of the others did, and in fact, the sweetly accented German-American woman was very nice but meant serious business behind the counter. I can appreciate a delicatessen that is run by the real deal.

I will definitely be back to try more, purchase sausages and to further expand my knowledge and palate in addition to purchasing all mustard from european style delicatessens moving forward!
Hey everyone, the named changed!!!   Edelweiss is now Badische Deli.  Same high quality produces and great food. 

Get your German on, go get some Brats or Wurst!!!
Great sandwiches at an awesome price!
Cash ONLY 

This is a real deal deli, family owned and operated. They have just about everything you could ask for. 

I always get the sandwich, usually some type of smoked ham. They are large and usually can be a meal for two. 

The staff is wonderful and very helpful. 

There are only two 4top tables inside the deli. 

Cash ONLY
Best sandwich in town!
This deli may seem out of place as it is set in a corner lot dominated by a Food City and other Hispanic oriented businesses.  Those who went to the old Chompie's in the same shopping center might even have missed it.

Have been getting lunch here for quite a few years now.  It is a real Old World family run deli.  The meats in here are wonderful.  I think a Polish family owns the place.

The have a list of sandwiches that are all HUGE, super tasty and very affordable ( with tax around $7). Skip those chain subway shops and get a real sandwich here!

As mentioned by Daren, this place might take cash only.  I think they do take debit cards, but you have to order a certain $ min....be safe and take cash.  This place gets busy at lunchtime and there are about 3 tables in here.  Better to take you grub to a less crowded spot to savor it in peace...

Warning: You will go for lunch and want to buy about 10 lbs. of deli meat!
The cured meats here are fantastic! The sandwiches are fantastic! The sausages are fantastic! The house cured bacon is fantastic! The people who run this place are beyond fantastic, super friendly, helpful and quick with a free sample. 
Strange location, but worth a trip across town. 
Super, super clean!
Where to start? This place is amazing!!! From the moment you walk in you immediately are immersed in wonderful aromas of a real deal deli. There sandwiches are amazing, its not about the bread, its not about the toppings, its about the meat. And to me that's what makes a great deli sandwich is the meat. Everything I have ordered here is amazing and worth it. From the kielbasa, smoked bacon, and the pork franks, you cant go wrong with what you order. Their deli meat prices are slightly cheaper than your average Boars Head meats you find at the store and are one hundred times better. So grab some cash, stop in ,you will be greeted with a friendly smile and you will be a customer for life, just like me.
Can't get more authentic than this. Polish family runs the place and makes all their own meats and sausage. They carry many crackers, condiments, and other imported goods from Poland, etc. They also make a decent sandwich for 5 or 6 bucks. Warning! Cash only.
I don't know of a better place to get an awesome deli sandwich.  Delicious european meats and very large sandwiches.
Have been looking for a good deli around the office for quite some time now, decided to let Yelp help me and low and behold this is what I found. This is the real deal, freshly prepared sandwiches that are too die for! Plus a variety of fresh sausages, meats etc. Will be making this a once a week lunch run for sure! Try the #14!
Every review I have read is right on!  I had no idea what I was getting into when I stepped foot into this little family owned deli.  Old school - quality meats, great sandwiches.  The sandwiches feed two people for $8.  All I have to say is if you don't try it you are just straight foolish!!
I came here for some sausage for the holidays. If you like big, long sausages then you'll love this place! And you can smell this place from the outside. The smell of smoked Kielbasa lures you in. The store is non stop for the holidays but bring cash or check as no debit or credit are accepted. At Best of Europe you hear Eastern Europeans speaking in their native tongue, see the facial features of those of whose ethnic ancestry are similar to mine, those scooping up the traditional Christmas foods of herring, kielbasa, havarti cheese wih dill, smoked mackerel, pickles, sauerkraut, homemade rye bread, sardines from Scottland. This place is clean and organized. Traditional foods for Christmas or Easter is a great time to celebrate with Best of Europe, try the rest of the wonderful deli meats and cheeses during the rest of the year!
As a friend of the family and being half Polish, this place is absolutely wonderful! They have delicious food on top of "market" type items that are found in traditional Eastern European cooking that you can buy. I love coming here because it reminds of my heritage and has awesome food! The place is pretty tiny but the food will keep you coming back again and again! Too bad it's really far away from my home or I would be here on a weekly basis!
We got there just in time! Apparently we were getting the last two sandwiches of the day at 3pm. Probably the last slices of bread(?). I went for a ham-sausage I have never tried and it was mighty tasty. Athena had pastrami which wasn't too salty and not too peppery. 

Great food, excellent service. Meats are imported - sausages made on premises. For either, I think you'd be hard pressed to even match the prices for non-imported stuff at the supermarket! We spent about $15 on sammies and $30 on deli meats and polish pickles. 

Everyone says the sammies are large - nobody has mentioned that they are large because they give you TWO of them! That's 2 sammies per order on a sourdough-type crusty sliced bread. Nice. Have one there (if they have a table open) and take the other home for later!

Oh yeah, they have a Yelp! sticker on the door...
Wow! Best Sandwich this the valley - Try the #12 you will not regreat- they even ship this sandwiches to NYC
I've been looking for a great Deli, the kind that you find in NYC or Chicago. I can't believe it took me a while to discover this place, but so glad I did. I stopped in for a sandwich and walked out a fan. They have more selections than you need and things I've never even heard of before. 

I believe it's run by a mother/son team, with the mother having a nice Polish accent, so you get the feeling she's curing meats like back in the old country. 

Looking forward to going back and sampling some new things and getting the stand-by's, of which will inevitably be better than what can be bought at grocery store counters. 

If you miss the authenticity of deli's from the place your grew up or have a bit of envy from those travel shows watching the hosts gorge themselves on great deli meats from famous places, this is our solution here in Phoenix.
This is the best deli ever! How could it not be with the hours of operation? This is a serious family operation. 

 If preserved and smoked meat products are your thing then his place is your local Mecca. The meat case is glorious. Bring their home made weiners to any party and you will be the hit of the party. The Hungarian Salami is melt in your mouth good. 

Bring some extra spending money and stock up on some of their pantry items which are very unique and very tasty. They sell a product called Ajvar (sp?) that is a spicy pepper compote, it make everything delicious, sandwiches, pasta sauces, just add it to sour cream and use it as a dip, bomb!

I have yet to have one of their sandwiches as I try to avoid bread but every time I am there and someone else orders one, my mouth starts watering as the lady behind the counter slices piles of meat for their sandwiches, those mothers are huge!
You can not get a better sandwich in the valley than the #12. It is the best anywhere plus everything else there is terrific. Best meats you ever wanted.
Holy Cow!  I love it when my Yelp friends are so correct about a place. Never been here before but read the past reviews and ordered the #12. Which, the girl behind the counter recommended before I even said anything. It was awesome! Two whole sandwiches. Perfect amounts of meat and cheese.  Can't wait to go back when I have people over for a BBQ so I can get some of their franks. Great service as well. WIll be back numerous times.
Returning from a summer spent in the very food conscious and bountiful San Francisco was quite a downer as I felt I was in a desert literally. (+figuratively)
I was saddened by the loss of my Epicurean lifestyle in SF and sold my soul to the likes of Safeway and Jimmy Johns.

Once I emerged from my stupor I'm beginning to find that Phoenix actually does have quite the amazing finds if you search hard enough. Best of Europe Deli is one of those and it blew me away as this gem in the corner of a strip mall hides in its shelves what its name entails.

Some locals inside recommended the luncheon meats and the cashier broadened upon those recommendations. She also doled out hearty samples of great polish cheese and some spicy capicola. As she did she explained that she was the daughter of the owners and that most of the meats are made in house or brought in from local establishments. Her expert opinion was also derived on a lifetime of experience on Polish food. 

I counted my loot at home

Great polish spicy mustard
3/4 lb cheese
 lb of capicola, jam
A fruit drink called Kubus (quite tasty)
Redcurrent Jam
And a half loaf of bread
A goulash mix!~

All for under $20
The fact that none of these products contained preservatives or weird chemicals was great and that the money was used to support a great local business makes you feel good. (As it usually should, I'm looking at you Safeway and Walmart)

This experience made the 30 min drive to northern Phoenix quite worth it and I feel lucky to have found this place via yelp and that places like this exist in a mostly barren commercialized landscape.

I also learned polish food is more subtle and rich but quite nice! Highly recommended~
Fantastic place to buy really good quality home made produce and at such a reasonable price. A tiny little place, but really is worth the visit. The lady running it is an absolute diamond, I tried so many nice cured meats. I asked for some English styled back bacon, it was a no :-( but then she brought out a tray of freshly cooked belly pork for me. I hadn't got home before it was all polished off - beautiful. The Polish sausages were a real hit and really large. They made an already good toad in the hole top draw.

Looking forward to another visit!
Great family owned and operated European (Polish) Deli serving several Sausages, Lunch Meats, home made Pierogies and Imported items from overseas to meet you desires. You can smell the hickory wood burning while standing in the parking lot when they are smoking meats.

I have been coming here since they opened 20 years ago. Always see the same smiling family members working the counter. Lots of fresh items to choose from either in the case or hanging on the wall behind the counter.

I love and always get the Old Style (garlic) Smoked Polish Sausage with some of the Imported Polish Cheese on the side and some European rye bread made here in town. Everything is fantastic including the awesome sandwiches they make for a reasonable price.

Place can get pretty busy and it is fun to hear people speaking Polish when ordering their goodies and then watching them dance with excitement as they get back in their cars. CASH Only. NE Corner in Food City parking lot. Definitely one of my favorite sausage places in town.
I felt I was back in the Midwest when I entered this little deli!  I lived in a part of Minneapolis which was the old eastern European neighborhood of the city.  The locals call it Nordeast .  There are great Polish restaurants and delis around the area.  The Best of Europe deli is a stone's throw from my house and I just stumbled upon it while shopping at Food City.  it's in the same strip mall.  I thought i was back at Karmarczuk's.....a real old fashioned family owned deli.  This place is just as good to my delight.  The sandwiches use good meats and great bread, there are little items to buy, and the sausages rule!  It's a sausage fest, so to speak.  Really glad I live close to this place.  You may have to drive around the parking area for awhile to locate it.  It's small.  But I hope they continue to be successful and we'll have great Eastern European deli foods for years to come.  Worth going out of your way for....oh, but don't bring your credit card....cash only!
This is truly the best place in ARIZONA to buy a sandwich.
First of all, let me just say, the only reason I tried this place was b/c of the perfect yelp score. I was slightly leary b/c there was only 24 reviews(I'm #25 woo hoo! lol). But I figured getting mostly 5 stars & no less than a 4 star was given out of those 24, it must be good, & fortuneatly, I was FAR from disappointed. Just like pretty much every other review u read from here, the smoked & cured sausages & meats are TO DIE FOR! The young lady working the counter was very nice & helpfully, generously & glefully let me sample whatever i desired(which was a lot!) & they were all amazing. I got the #12 European combo sandwich, & it was hands down the Top 2 or 3 sandwich I've ever had! Very small, quaint, little, old-school type deli that u don't find too much anymore. And all the products they had were rare, look very tasty & are all reasonably priced! Great little hidden gem in NE Valley. I'm an instant fan! Can't wait to go back!
My husband and I love this place.  In fact, I love it so much it was what I wanted for my birthday lunch this year.  My family comes from Eastern Europe and I have been fortunate enough to visit a few times and the meats, bread, mustard and pickles really take me back.  If you visit, remember that they do not take credit cards so come with cash and that their sandwiches are HUGE, one will easily feed two people.
Been here once. Got the Italian special & the European sub. Both were really good! I tried both & couldn't decode which one I liked better lol. The sandwiches are actually 2 sandwiches when you order the full sandwich so you get huge portions! Not bad at all for $7 & change. Lots of other European goodies that I had never seen. Sweets too. I tried the kinder country chocolate bar. The girl at the counter said it was Germany's most popular candy. I can tell why! Yummy!!!
best sandwiches in town?? no, they are just okay. I wasn't blown away. All the reviews pumped this place up too much. A super small and very limited selection of sandwiches to choose from and only 2 of those were hot sandwiches... Sad this place had some much potential.


I am sure their business isn't driven by the sandwiches though.
Friendly staff, clean and really enjoyed my lunch. More than enough food next time I will order the half sandwich.
They have teaworst, so they're awesome. Buy teaworst.
This place is AMAZING!!!!! It is the BEST Euro deli around! 

When you walk in, you are greeted with an aroma of their homemade meats. The market is quaint with some very unusual yet delicious grocery items. But the best part about this place....their kielbasa sandwiches. Oh, and their amazing owner who is always so nice and helpful.

We love "eating in" at one of the two small tables and just enjoying wonderful food and feeling very much at home.
I stop in this gem occasionally for a sandwich. Its one of the few places where you can get a great lunch at a great price. The sandwiches are actually two sandwiches and are delicious. One of these days I'll order some meats to take home. There's not much seating so don't expect a full service diner. Owners are very nice and friendly. Beware though, its cash only, no credit cards!
Man, this place is just good.  I don't know if it's a European, American or Polish deli, but the sandwiches are damn good.  Hell it could be called Best of Antarctica Meats & Deli and they would still have some of the best sandwiches in town.  When you buy a sandwich, you actually get two, so keep that in mind.  The sourdough bread is amazing.  The cold cuts are very high quality and delicious.  I purchased a few Polish sausages to go and made them at home later.  Wow.  Impressed.
This place reminds me of walking into a deli somewhere in Eastern Europe - it's that authentic. The proprietors speak Polish and they have many authentic products from the Eastern Bloc. The sandwiches taste so fresh and are made from high quality ingredients and are HUGE! I've been coming here for a decade and it's as good as the day I first started coming here
About to have a sandwich from here but so far a really good experience. I ordered #3 and my sister ordered #12 with no mustard. Can't wait to see what they taste like. Everything so far is good though but I'll probably update once I eat the sandwich.
My brother and I ate here. He got the number 3 and I got the number 12. Both were great. And we each took home a quarter of our sandwiches because they were very big.
Looks and feels like a good old mom and pop shop. Got a pastrami sandwich and was pretty damn good. I really wish I hadn't seen the girl making my sandwich put the fresh deli meat into a microwave, really killed the moment. Definitely stop by again just for the deli meats.
LOVE THIS PLACE!  I found this place on Yelp, and based on the reviews and my uncontrolable urge to have Polish Sausage, I decided to make the drive to try it.  I ordered some fresh polish sausage, some dried sausage, and a Polish Sausage sandwich.  I ate the sandwich in the car (since there really is not much room inside to eat), and it was very good.  The meat was sliced thin and heated up.  It had a mustard on it that was ok, but I typically eat my sandwiches dry.  The bread was delicious!  It held up well, the crust was fantastic, and it had a good flavor.  I recommend ordering a half sandwich.  It is actually a whole sandwich.  If you order a whole sandwich, you get two sandwiches.  Not sure why.  

So I took the fresh sausage home and cooked it up.  It was delicious!  Best I have found since leaving Chicago!  It is not fatty and rubbery (like Stanley's in Phoenix always was).  The links are the perfect size.  I always slice it open length wise and put it on some good rye bread.  This was a delicious sandwich, and needless to say, it didn't last long in my house.  I'll definitely be back for more. 

The dried sausage was very good, and did not mold (I've been other places where it molds very quickly).  This sausage is a hit.  It's a great snack, but be warned..... you will have garlic breath. :)
Authentic and fresh. It's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you. Hot pastrami on rye took me right back to my childhood in Manhattan.
The best bagels in the valley all start here.  And who doesn't love a bagel?  But this Chompie's isn't just about the bagels.  This is one of the best places for breakfast in the valley. Corned beef hash, potato pancakes, chicken fried steak, and of course eggs served either traditionally w/ bacon to done w/ lox and onions served w/ a bagel.  I was surprised how good their pancakes were, but I realized I shouldn't be since they are a bakery and all.  Silly rabbit.  

Hmmmm... strange concept.. Jewish deli for lunch..?  Rocks.  Super duper rocks.  Their reuben has been good to me.  And their patty melt is so freaking good.  Messy to the point you need extra napkins and maybe a spare shirt, but super good.  

They also have an amazing selection of other desserts and baked goods.  I've never been disappointed.  And for you East coast transplants, you can also pick up some of your old East coast yummies here - say a bag of Wise potato chips? Certainly made some of my peeps happy.  

A great spot for a surprisingly good meal, or just a dozen bagels for the office.
HELLO CARB LOADERS!

This is your place to eat all the bagels you want.  What a yum-tastic bagel they serve.  I grew up on Chompie's bagels (this explains a lot).
There is something about the chewy moistness of the inside and the outside that feels and tastes toasted even though it's not. 

Grocery stories sell them now but they really are not nearly as good as the FRESH ones in the actual Chompie's establishment.
Einstein's is Noah's Bagels in SF

They're the same!
Who knew!?

Anyways,
I like the manager of this location.  He's always so friendly and seems genuinely happy to be there and talkin' with his customers.

I am obsessed with the jalapeno salsa cream cheese.  I literally buy 3 tubs of it everytime I go there.

My favorite items include
Santa Fe bagel sandwich (jalapeno salsa cream cheese, turkey sausage, eggs, pepperjack cheese and salsa! YUM)
Pepperoni pizza bagel

AND.  They have Mr Pibb on tap.  I love Mr. Pibb.  Don't know why, I just do.
I love this bagel shop. Aside from being insanely crowded on weekend mornings (but what bagel place isn't?), I have no complaints. Even though the line can lead right out the front door, but with the efficiency of the employees, it never takes more than 5-10 minutes to get to the front of the line, and then my food is ready before I even have my cup filled with fountain soda :)
Great bagel shop. Good variety of bagels and pastries, delicious iced tea and their vanilla hazelnut coffee is my favorite!

The employees do a great job of keeping the line moving and getting your food quickly. No matter how busy they are, I've never spend more than 5 minutes in line, ordering and waiting for food.

Check you mailers for coupons!
Always Great Bagels!  So many different flavors and smear combinations, you could literally eat bagels for months and not have the same bagel. And that's just the bagels, they have sandwiches and pastries too!

Try the salmon smear on the jalapeno bagel, it' wonderful!

Great coupons in the paper too!
Quick service, decent and predictable food. Coffee is only so-so for me - prefer Dunkin Donuts coffee! But Einstein's Santa Fe on a green chile bagel keeps me coming back!
Quick friendly service. Good breakfast sandwiches, and also lunch.
You can eat outside-but watch out for the birds-a girl left her wrapped sandwich on a table, and a lttle tweeter got right in the plastic basket and proceeded to help itself to breakfast!! Yes, we did let her know.
It's an Einstein's so i think you know what to expect.  For this location they make good coffee drinks, but they seem a little disorganized depending on who you get at the first cash register.
They treated me well the few times I have been here.  The speed of service has been good, even when busy.  Their bagels and schmeer have been consistently good.
Just makes your day better when you have friendly service and a yummy bagel!
Love the breakfast sandwiches, they are large, filling and delicious.  The chicken salad sandwich is also great and my dogs love the doggie bagel treats.

The staff is friendly and the new set up gets you in and out much more quickly.

The only reason that I can't give them that 5th star is that they took away the call ahead ordering which used to be my Sunday routine.  When you are in a hurry the ability to call ahead and run in and get your breakfast was a lifesaver! But since they won't take phone orders anymore I have found myself going to other places that will.
Best place for a bagel breakfast, and perfectly brewed coffee every time. I have been to several Einstein bagels in Az and Cali, and the Ahwatukee store is the best!
This had been my go to place for bagels for some time now. They have never disappointed me. The staff is always friendly and their coffee is really good too. My favorite is their vanilla hazelnut coffee. You won't be sorry!
great service.. the manager mike is nice and friendly ..staff is prompt... highly recommend
Dear Manager,

Yes, I was the person who came in with a coupon with no expiration date on it that said I could have a deli sandwich for $5.99.  You told me it was no longer valid.  I pointed out to you that you had a very large sign in your front window that said the same thing.  you doubted me, until you saw it.  Do you still doubt me, as you took it down, of course not.  I then asked again for the $5.99 special.  You refused.  Are you aware of what LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE that is?  Are you aware that by my pointing the sign out to you that I saved you from another customer doing the same thing?  Are you aware of false advertising?  Are you aware that you lost a customer instead of created a customer?  What do you suppose would happen if you comped me that sandwich and thanked me for pointing out the problem?  And exactly how much would that cost you?  Or even let me have the sandwich at $5.99 (ps. I went to Chick Filet instead)

Oh by the way, you are suppose to be the role model for your employees.  Well, you are.  They act as clueless as you.

I will be calling your corporate office.  Have a nice day and give a thought or two to what customer service means.
I have a love/hate relationship with this place. I love the green chile bagel with southwest cream cheese. So good! But, they are usually always out of those bagels. Sometimes I will get a wheat bagel with strawberry cream cheese but the it ALWAYS tastes like onions or something other than strawberry because they never wipe off the knives that the spread it on with. It always has a bad taste and they never put hardly any cream cheese on it to begin with. They are sooooo slow here. You always have to wait for your order. They employees are usually nice and that is never an issue. I love it because it is near where I live and they usually have coupons. The coffee is decent but not great.
Good bagel place that never disapoints.  However, if you are in the neighborhood, I would recommend Nosh on Warner and 48th over Einstein.
I would give this Einsteins location a "5" rating for the bagels alone but the service and cleanliness of the food preparation area leaves allot to be desired, therefore a "1" star.
The service is atrocious. For example, one day this week, Wednesday, I stopped in fro a coffee and bagel. There were 7 employees working, one taking orders, one cashing and the rest preparing orders. Five customers in line including myself and nine (9) customers waiting for their orders. All you heard was "sorry for the wait" and this was not prime morning get your coffee before going to work time. 
The food preparation area is filthy. If you look at the counters and floors there is always food scraps laying about. 
I used to frequent this location two to four times a week but since the change of managers a few months ago, the quality of service and cleanliness has been lost. 
As much as it pains me to say so, I will probably go to Starbucks for my morning cup.
so everyone was talking about these carvel cakes and asking about locations. I always drive by this schlotzkys and see the little carvel sign. I had a bad experience with the beyond disgusting carvel cakes from the grocery store and pretty much decided that it was just a nasty, poor quality product. 

well, i got over myself and decided to try it, and oh man it was good!!! it was thicker than frozen yogurt but not as solid as ice cream and the flavors were rich. I had the small swirl in the waffle cone and it was huge! the waffle cone was not as good as cold stone but it was sweet and crunchy and still totally delicious. i am totally a fan. i will just have to stay away from the gross grocery store cakes. 

try it!

and as far as schlotzkys? i like the original w no mustard and their pizzas.
I've been hearing about Carvel's Ice Cream on Yelp for a year or more so I decided to track one down in AZ as long as I'm here.  We found this one on the way back from the Public Pool near Hamilton High and stopped in to see what the buzz was about.  I cannot speak for Schlotzky's food, though it smelled good, but the Carvel's Ice Cream was fantastic.  Wonderful texture, smooth and creamy soft-serve, choices of Vanilla, Chocolate or a swirl of the two (all three of us got that) in just a cheap flat-bottom cone, a very nice snack for only a buck-fifty each.  Worth the stop.

PS  I checked my receipt the next day and I was charged $1.99 each for the cones.  I will have to look into that.  It's not the money, just the principle of being charged more than what the menu board posted.  I'm knocking off a star for that but will reinstate it if there was a misunderstanding on my part.
The front counter girls were great, the manager is not so great under pressure. I went in to pick up a fax order that I could not confirm because they were not answering their phones. 10 orders = 30 minutes give or take even though I faxed it in 20+ minutes prior.

The worst part, I got a LECTURE from the manager (perhaps owner?).  

The food wasn't super, the bread isn't what it used to be and I will be sure to visit any other location but this in the future.
Schlotsky's is a refreshingly original take on the sandwich. Unlike most of the other sandwich shops (Subway, Quiznos), Schlotsky's is both more delicious and much more expensive. It is also completely different. I recommend the Turkey & Guac.
The Angus sandwich was really good. Fresh, hot and made to order. The front counter woman was pleasant, so was the manager. I look forward to going back soon.
Great quick lunch stop
I LOVE SCHLOTZKYS!  

There, I said it.  I don't know why these don't outnumber Quizno's and Subway. The bread and bread choices kick butt.  Can you get sourdough at those places?  How 'bout dark rye bread?  Any rye bread?  NO!

I try and stop by this or any Schlotzky's every chance I get.  I just wish there was one closer to my house (Arrowhead).
My favorite!! Has a drive thru as well!!!
I had a VERY friendly young man wait on us Tuesday the 9th of April.  But our sandwiches were like ALL BREAD??!!!, and the kid agreed.  I ordered a 3rd for my wife and I with extra meat and the damn thing had hardly any meat, I mean what an insult to your intelligence.  Our bill - are you ready for this? - was $29 for 3 sandwiches and a garbage red beans and rice soup and 1 water and 1 pop.  The meat on their sandwiches could fit in your mouth in one bite.  This is not a jab at the VERY friendly employees, they were so kind and accommodating to us (and noted the 2 of 2 high chairs had non-functioning belt buckles.)  But the sandwiches were absolute insults to you, to your pocketbook.  The sauce bottles on tables were filthy.  If some other outfit would go and steal these nice employees they'd do well.  The meat portion on a sandwich would be ideal for a 2 day old sparrow in a nest that didn't like regurgitated worms, the standard meat portion would keep the 2 day old sparrow satisfied for nearly half an hour.  If we bought just $10 of lunch meat at the grocery store it would be unreal how much we'd get.  This place is a "must-miss."  A MUST-MISS.
Horrible Management.  Negative attitude but the staff seem to try.  The Management hates honoring coupons and even told me that on one of my visits and they have giving me issues with my coupon's off their e-club everytime.  It is a waste of time.  I am going to switch my e-club membership to another Schlotzky's.  My little girl is disappointed everytime they have an offer and she is excited and then upset at them when we leave because they give us such a hard time about using them there.
I have always been a HUGE fan of Schlotzskys! I remember going often when i was a kid! The food is still good tasty today! I think the icing on the cake for me is their Sourdough bread it is as good as it gets! I have yet to find better Sourdough bread! Also the combination of their sandwiches with their hot sauce! It never disappoints! If you are looking for a good sandwich place i recommend Schlotzskys!
The girl behind the counter was nice.  The Cinnabon was not nearly as good as I expected.  Where was the carmelized sugar crunch and flavor? The yeasty goodness of a fresh cooked roll? The sugary crunch of the glazed icing on top?  All sadly lacking.  It was more like rolled up white bread with Karo syrup and cinnamon over and in it.  It didn't taste horrible.  It just wasn't wonderful, except for the candied pecans.  For the same price I could buy a whole bag of them.  I had a mini Cinnabon a few years ago and it was pretty good, albeit very sweet.  This one wasn't anything I'd go rushing back for.

Three stars for cleanliness, friendliness and the fact that they still serve Carvel ice cream even though it isn't advertised.  If I'd known this I would've been back sooner.  I haven't been here since they changed the sign from Carvel to Cinnabon a couple of years ago.
I like this 'fast food' option...something different and a little healthier when you are on the go. Their original on sourdough in a favorite. I have only used the drive through, and they were fast and friendly.
First time here. 11:30 on a Tuesday morning and it's only 1/4 full. Where is everyone? Sat by the drive thru window and that line was busy and crawling. Too bad. Maybe that's where everyone is?
Ordered the Angus beef and cheese on jalapeo cheddar bread. It arrived in 7 mins. Bread was fresh (toasted), produce crisp and the meat was heated-all good. Not as much meat as, say, Port of Subs. Tasted good tho. Good table side hot sauce. Gave it a nice kick. Good touch guys. 
I recommend the beef and cheese sandwich. It was tasty and filling.
Had the large Angus beef and cheese, was pleasantly shocked at the size of it, I've got a big appetite and it was filling for even me.  Outstanding customer service, mind numbing sandwich. Will definitely be back again.
I sat in the drive thru waiting for my food for 10 minutes and was not even busy.  slow service. And they gave me the wrong order.
Go here all the time now that I live close to one.  I always get the original on sourdough and it's always fantastic!  I've also tried the cinnamon rolls and they are delicious!  When using the drive thru the wait can be longer than normal but that's what you get for delicious food!
Small Santa Fe  for me, a Chicken Cordon Bleu for my son, and we're sharing a Mini Pecanbon.  Service was kinda slow for 230 pm but I noticed business picked up significantly in the drive thru about 15 minutes later.  
I got some strange piece of something in my sandwich and the manager on duty sorta explained what it was and offered to make me a fresh sandwich.  I declined the remake and told her it was alright but wanted to let them know.  She was more than willing to make it right.  :-)
The Cinnabon just aren't nearly as good as they were when they had them in Fiesta Mall, Smitty's (even their day old), or Chandler Mall.  Dough doesn't seem cooked thoroughly and even on the Minions you get an almost mushy center.  :-(  I suppose it's just as well cuz i don't need to be eating anymore of that stuff.  
I like Schlotzskys, but so glad it isn't so close to home because I know I would get burned out on this stuff.
I don't really know why I have been to this place more than once. But because I have, I feel confident in my low score.

First of all, no matter when you come in - lunch hour or in the middle of the afternoon when there's no one in there at all - you have to wait forever!  How long does it seriously take to put cream cheese on a bagel?

Secondly, i don't love their food that takes 6 hours to make. The sandwhich combinations aren't the best. And their everything bagels have an overpowering rye taste --- this might be a preference issue. But alas. 

I am not going back. I mean it this time. For serious.
I agree with Dani. This Einsteins Bagels is slow! I went here this morning just to pick up a Hate to Wait Basket and I had to wait for the Hate to Wait Basket. First,  I had to wait in a long line until the Bagel Man decided to take the guy's order 3 people ahead of me. Before than he was dilly dallying around throwing bagels in the slicer. Second, it seemed that they were preparing a big order, because I had to wait again until the manager was free to pick the bagels to throw in the basket. Does it really take 3 people out of 5 to prepare one order. 

To top it off, the cashier was making small talk to the police officer in front of me. He was telling him his woes of ringing up the order and how sometimes how he needs to be creative in typing in the order. PLEASE, shut up and let the man pay for his grub!! Don't get me wrong. I like small talk, but not when folks are trying to get their day started.
This place has the worst customer service ever.  The employees would rather be doing anything, but helping customers.  They always have their back to the door and the counter, so they don't see when customers walk in, or when they are standing at the counter to order.
 I was there last week, and to walk into the restaurant, I had to walk by 2 employees taking their break outside of the store.  They were sitting at the tables (for customers) along with 4 other people, smoking  right next to the front door.  They were inches from the NO SMOKING sign issued to all chandler businesses, and were wearing their Einstein bagel uniforms.  This is so unprofessional.  
 You can definitely tell they do not enjoy their jobs.  The customer is not a priority to them, we as customers are more of a bother.
The food is fine - it's bagels for crying out loud! The problem here is two-fold: 1) the layout of the place is bad, causing you to queue in the dining area and then wait for your food while you're in the way of customers coming in, going out or getting beverages; 2) as others state - the service is horrible!

Convenient but poor service.
i come here almost every other morning to pick up a bite to eat before i head towards my long boring day at work. Since i have time on my hands i do not mind the slow service. yes this Einsteins bagels is a GREAT deal slower than the one off of mcClintock and Guadalupe and actually now that i think of it once they screwed up my order and didnt realize til i was 15 minutes down the street :|

majority of the time they are just average. if they screw up my order one more time though im sticking to the mcclintock and quadalupe location. Fast and Efficient. 

Like jennifer said though...its not severe enough to keep me from returning. i just want my bagel and honey butter for the day!
I come here every so often to pick up lunch. I always get the same thing everytime... Turkey Bagel Thin and a Large Iced Tea. I like the yummy spread they put in the sandwich and the fruity tea they have available at the beverage station. I haven't had a problem with service being slow; my sandwich is usually ready by the time I'm done filling up my tea. But then again, I always go in around 11am.
I don't understand the bad reviews for this place.. It was very clean the employees were very nice and the service was fast... I haven't been to an Einstein's in years I used to go with my gf every morning when I lived in Fort Lauderdale..  I had the Spinach Egg Bacon Panini it's the same thing I always get and it was just as good as ever...  I miss Einstein's....
I went in recently because there were 2 coupons for free coffee drinks in the ads that come in the mail on Wednesdays. Free - gratis - no purchase required, I noticed they had a complete remodel of the store which is now brighter and more colorful since last I was there 2 years ago. Then at the cashier I noticed a loyatty card that offers 2 more free coffees up front, then if you buy 3 coffees after that until Dec 2011 and get it punched you turn the whole card in for 1 more free coffee.
First they got my order wrong (#4 breakfast combo). It involved crediting my CC back, me signing something, then recharging my CC.  Which is fine. Then, they rushed out the breakfast sandwich to me, and I had to ask about my fruit cup and coffee which was included. They're coffee was weak sock water!  As soon as I saw it, I poured it out.  I drank they're "dark roast", because it looked semi decent.  Plus they serve egg sandwiches and there's no ketchup?!  The one at the Hyatt iss way better.  Overall an unpleasant experience.
Einsteins is super close to our home and we usually go here on Saturday or Sunday morning about 1x a week.  The staff has always been friendly and my wife and I can usually find a table on the weekends to sit down. I generally get the everything bagel with chive cream cheese with adding a tomato and cucumbers..p.s. You can add a couple of veggies at no cost on your bagel.

My wife generally gets the lox bagel..quite expensive for a piece of lox but it makes her happy!

Overall I do like the bagels here and have tried many bagel places throughout my years. Sometimes you will get alot of cream cheese on a bagel and others you will get a small taste..if I am paying a few bucks for a bagel/cream cheese I would like a lot on. Overall we like coming here on the weekends!
I love Einstein's and I like to stop in on occasion.  We visit this location off and on when we are headed to Chandler Fashion mall.  This place is always clean and the staff is very friendly.

The food I had today wasn't the greatest, but I was also expanding outside my usual.  They also messed up my order a little which was annoying but i was too tired to really care at the time.

Overall, definitely a great place to eat and one that i am sure we will be back to again.
This place is a disaster. Stopped for lunch right at noon. The entire staff was in the back while the line kept building. Five minutes before anyone came out. The food was mediocre and the staff was very disorganized. Appeared to me that some definite training is in order.
Super excellent bagel. Cinnamon sugar or pretzel YUM. Try the strawberry / banana smoothie! Run out early so get there early!
Fresh bagels and coffee in the morning
This is the first Einstein's I have been in that just has garlic on their garlic bagel! Love it!!! Every other Einstein's years back started putting sesame seeds on the garlic bagels. That was a frustrating change since I love garlic and strongly dislike sesame. But they are still good enough that I manage to overlook that. Imagine my delight today when I ordered a garlic bagel and it was just that, no sesame seeds. I hope they will all adopt this at all locations in the near future. It makes me a happy girl! =)
I stop in about three times a week to this location and I am always satisfied with the speed, price, cleanliness, and friendliness of the staff. I know with a certainty that I can get in and out with my order in under 5 minutes, which other restaurants do not share the consistency. 

I am mildly obsessed with the bagel sandwiches...(insert Homer Simpson thinking about donuts) I prefer the ham, egg, and sharp cheddar on a cheddar jalapeno bagel. I know, I know, I really need to stop being so health conscious. HA!
Love their sesame bagel
This location really gives bagel places a bad name. 


I don't know why I continue to keep trying and going back to this establishment. Probably because it is right across the street from work.

No matter what I order a bagel with cream cheese or a egg and cheese on a bagel it just takes forever.

This morning I literally walked out when I was online. They had about 6 people waiting to order for over 10 minutes!

Secondly, I don't love their food that takes 6 hours to make. that is being handled by ex cons working there and people who do not care about their 

I am not going back. I mean it this time. For real I will be going to chompies which is a mile away and get better, faster, and product.
The service at this location is unbeatable!
it's a bagel shop with bagels, some more bagels and then some more of them. Still need a review? :)
Attaching picture. Cut was not even and there is a black edge on the bagel. The amount of cream cheese is extremely tiny. Would it kill them to put more than a tiny thin layer of creamcheese on the bagel. And cut it down the center straight. What else does a bagel place really have to do
One word for this location - slow!  If it's a morning weekend rush, there needs to be a little urgency when you're making bagels.  If the line is 10+ people deep, let's get some of the additional help from the back.  It's a clean and big location, but the service is extremely slow.  You know what to expect from einsteins and the bagels are fresh as always.  Make sure you have a little more time when you stop here.
Well I read the reviews before going and decided, it's a bagel place, how can you mess that up? 
I was kinda wrong.
I ordered two bagels toasted with smear and two iced coffees.... The bagels came out and while the other cashier was making my drinks, he was intermittently taking other customers orders... So I got my bagels within 2 minutes and my drinks took about 8 minutes.... 
By the time I got to my bagel it was cold :(
Horrible customer service, horrible portions. 
So me and my fianc go to get 2 bagels with Lox toasted, we special order them (mine salmon only, hers no onions) not to hard, right? First order was wrong completely, and not toasted. When you told the girl making them she blew us off and did not listen to us about the order, and while she was remaking it was talking crap about us. Suffice to say the order was wrong again, so we had to wait another mine minutes while she made snide remarks about us. After the third order, it appeared to be correct and we just wanted to get out of there. Unfortunately when we got home the order was still wrong and not toasted. This is a bagel shop, not rocket science. The staff was rude, unapologetic and pretty much blamed us for our orders being wrong.

2nd, paying 15$ for 2 bagels you might expect decent portions, wrong. We got 2 tiny slivers of salmon on our bagels, I know salmon isn't cheap but this was rediculous. 

In fairness, when we called and talked with the manager she offered free bagels on a return visit, but I am not to keen to go back there free bagels or not. I live across the street but will be driving farther to go to different bagel shops from now on. In looking at the reviews on YELP, it looks like this Einstein's has a management problem because there customer service issues are a continued problem.
The first time I came here it was prime lunchtime on a weekend and it was crazy...the line was out the door.

Then I came at lunchtime during the week about a year later and it was dead. Anyway, I always hear people talking about it like it's the bee's knees, but I think it's just ok.

You order at the counter, pay at the counter and they bring it out to your table. Pretty fast about it, too, so it's do-able for a work lunch. they have a salad bar that may or not be included in every order... i couldn't tell. There are also outside tables.
The only thing I would change about Jason's Deli is the location. I want it much, much closer to where I work so I don't have to travel fifteen minutes to lunch there, indulge in an massive, awesome meal and end up trying to sneak a super extended lunch past the bosses upon my return. 

But before I get started, I'm going to throw out a disclaimer. I've only been to Jason's Deli once due to the distance.

(My internal feud over whether to admit my inexperience went like this:
We've only been once, so how do we know it wasn't a fluke?
Well it was fucking delicious. So check.
But maybe the next time we go it'll taste like rat jerky and the service will suck? 
The croissant was buttery heaven, the soup was full of flavor, the strawberries were ruby red gems of sweetness and the meal was so big we had it for lunch and dinner! I think that's check and mate, good sir.
Gah! Yeah, but we've Only. Been. Once. Is any of this getting through to you?
Uh, fine you panty-waisted pansy. Post your disclaimer. You just gave me reason to rave even harder.   ...douche.)

It's very reminiscent of Miracle Mile in the way it's arranged, with cafeteria style seating and a queue (I just wanted to use that word) where you order, file through, pay for your meal and wait for them to call your magic number or bring it to your table.  

First, the menu is massive with everything from fancy potatoes and pasta dishes to muffalettas and "slimwiches." There are to-go menus hanging out by the door so you can take your time wavering between the po'boy and the panini before you even get close to the guy that takes your order, a refreshing change compared to the hustle and bustle, "Move along cattle!" type treatment you get at Miracle Mile. They have a ginormous all-you-can-eat salad bar off to the side with deli salads (potato, pasta, fruit, etcetera), gingerbread muffins and tons of organic veggies. I won't lie. It was tempting. The prices are also way reasonable compared to Miracle Mile, with gargantuan sandwiches, big dressed potatoes and plentiful salads between six and seven bucks. Seriously, nothing on the menu is over seven bucks except for the muffalettas (which are fun to say, but I only have a vague idea what the heck they are).

Go with the Manager's Half Sandwich Deal. Just trust me on this. It's 6.79 and is half a sandwich (muffs excluded, but they have their own quarter meal deal for 6.99) and your choice of soup, fruit or a side salad. One sneaky little surprise, if the sandwich on the menu says it comes with chips, a pickle, veggies, fruit, whatever (and most of them do), you still get that item in addition to your choice of side! It's a mountain of food, and the half sandwich resembles what a full sandwich would at regular delis (Fancy Pants Mile excluded).

I had the California Club, which came with turkey, guacamole, tomato, sprouts, bacon, swiss, and mayo on a buttery, flaky croissant. It was the things dreams are made of. The Texas chili was pretty good, but Mr. Man's tomato basil soup was rockin', and the fresh fruit was sweet and delicious.

And when you leave, feel free to wander up to the register and help yourself to to-go box (you're probably going to need it) and a super sturdy plastic to-go cup. Seriously. This is my new office cup. It's as sturdy if not sturdier as any cheap plastic ware you'd buy from Target. 

Yeah, it's official. This place is the bee's knees.
I have been to this Jason's on several occcasions in my day.  It's kind of in a weird location, and basically a pain in the butt to get too.  its immediately before the I-10, so if you miss the drive way, you have to go totally out of your way to turn around.

Anyways, I came here to eat since I was to lazy to cook anything for dinner.  They have huge deli sized portions, and one sandwich easily feeds two people.  My mom and I split a sandwich when we ate at the one on the west side, many moons ago.

Anyways, I think their menu selection is decent.  Large enough to please most peoples pallets, but from personal experience, I don't think thier menus anything to throw a stick at.

It seems that most of Jason's Deli's are set up the same.  Large self seating area, with booths and tables.  They have a carry out section, along with a dine in section.  

I studied the menu and placed my order.  The girl behind the counter did a decent job, but what frustrated me was the order delivery/pick up.  While I was waiting for my order, my mom called.  I decided to take the call at a table, and I ended up finding out that my food had been ready.  

I guess it was a little confusing since I had a number on my table that they would just walk it out.  I guess I had to pick it up myself.  I didn't like that!  I was obviously on the phone, and the guy saw this.  He called me over, and I had to manuver this heavy tray while on my cell.  Usually, I've had the food walked out!

Anyways, I ended up dining in. I had half the sandwich wrapped, and ate half at the resturant with a tasty ceaser salad.

This place is great for kids, family, friends, dates etc. Just a note, the portions here are GINORMOUS.
I have a Love/Hate Relationship with Jason's.

I LOVE that:
~They have a Huge Menu of sandwiches, salads, soups, pasta etc.
~They have baked potatoes bigger than my head
~Their simple but perfect salad bar
~The ginger bread muffins at the salad bar * 1 reason alone to go*
~The assortment of wrapped crackers at the salad bar
~Everything  looks so good and is so big
~They always have some new "special" when I go in
~If you have room after lunch you can help your self to a soft serve ice cream cone

I HATE that:
~They are always packed liked sardines
~They aren't very clean
~They serve a pile of greasy broken ruffles with the sandwiches
~The Tuna isn't good
~There is barely room to walk between the tables
~The sandwiches aren't ever as good as I want them to be, but are OK nonetheless (see pics)

***3.5 stars
This place is so overrated. The food is mediocre at best. The seating is horribly packed together and feels like a elementary school cafeteria. The layout of where you order is awkward and confusing. I got the spaghetti and meatballs and the garlic bread was stale and not hot with like a finger sized stripe of garlic butter on it. I would take subway over Jasons deli. It was such a disappointment since I heard it was so good.
On the 10 freeway heading for Tucson, hungry, pulled into an "in and out burger" no room at the inn! standing room only, so we bailed and a block away passed Jason's Deli Wow,it was great, fast and delicious. I have eaten at Cantors deli in West Hollywood and several famous Jewish delis Jasons was an equal.
I went to Jason's on Saturday night for the first time. I ended up with a side salad and a baked potato. I didn't think you could have a baked potato that big! The potato was huge and could have been a meal by itself. 

Large selection of items to choose from. I wish there was a few more vegtables at the salad bar and had more crouton options. 

I will have to head back to try the sandwiches.
I loved our sandwiches and the complimentary low cal ice cream was a huge plus. We ordered takeout.  I had the california club on a new orleans french roll. It was wonderful - crispy french roll, guacamole, sprouts, tomato, turkey and swiss. Everything tasted fresh and looked prepared with love. Nothing looked pre-made. Husband had the pastrami melt - it was delish - I dare say I liked his sandwhich more than mine. I am just so happy to have found a deli near Ahwatukee that isn't full of pre-made sandwiches on nasty bread.....Jason's Deli will be our new favorite close to home.
I went to Jason's Deli on a recommendation from friends, knowing that I'm a soup/salad/sandwich-type food lover. But, I'd say that I'm pretty picky about which places I like, because if you're going to get me to pay $7 for a sandwich, it better be darn good. 

Jason's Deli was good. I'd definitely go again. I had a half ham & swiss on french bread and a cup of their cheddar broccoli soup. Yummy. They also have a huge salad bar that I'd like to try out on my next visit. 

Downside- all sandwiches come with a handful of potato chips. Wondering if they have any alternative for those of us not a fan of greasy chips? Will find out on the next trip

PS, outdoor seating, FTW
Did a take out order. That is how we normally eat jason's deli. This was my first time at this particular location...

This particular Jason's deli did not look as clean as others that I have been to. It was very disorganized and small. They were only slightly busy during lunch time which is surprising because all the other Jason's deli's are typically packed during this time. Their salad bar looked very small and unappealing. 

The tuna melt was awesome. They serve it with chips and a pickle. We also got some mini cornbread muffins. They are really good! Really satisfies my craving for cornbread. Yumm...

Service was okay. Not everyone greets you. The takeout counter people were very nice.
Lunch at Jason's Deli is always enjoyable for me for some reason or another. I really want to love this place, but I just can't...I'm stuck in 'like' mode. You get a LOT of food here which is a plus, the employees are super friendly, and the location is conveniently off the I-10. I got the french dip and salad bar and the food was delicious, see? All great reasons to love this place, but... 

The bathroom was...awful. It was dirty and stinky...VERY stinky. The dining space is really cramped. There is barely enough room to shimmy between the tables and chairs when there is no one sitting in them...so it complicates things when people start sitting down to eat. The layout from ordering, to paying, to receiving is weird, the salad bar area is cramped...I just feel so claustrophobic when I'm there, which doesn't make sense because this location is basically an open room with one low wall... 

The salad bar was well stocked, clean-ish, and of course the food was good - I will keep going and enjoying the food, but I will probably always feel uncomfortable.
We need this kind of place on the peninsula.  It is big, friendly, tasty,  and cheap.  Picture a deli that rivals the size of a local Safeway, staffed with patient people who are willing to help you navigate a gigantic menu of sandwiches, soups and salads.  

I had two different sadwiches on two different occasions.  The italian po boy was excellent.  It was too big, but otherwise perfect.  Later I had the meatball, which is good, but I the italian is better.

On top of the good sandwiches, they barrage you with free corn muffins, garlic toast, and ice cream.  People pile it sky high on plates - a great way to ensure they get full in case the 1,200 calorie sandwich does not do the trick.

Yum.
Stopped in for a bite while my car was being worked on at a local dealership. Pleasantly surprised at the quality and portion size of my lunch. Service was great and the price was right. I will be back.
I looooove Jason's Deli.  I would have to say it's one of the best Deli's I have ever been to.... Ever!  I order from there all the time and never get sick of it. They have a huge menu, which typically will make me leery of a place, because really, who can perfect that many items?.... Jason's!  All their food is made fresh to order, and they will modify anything on the menu to meet your needs.  Their online ordering system is easy to use and allows you to save your favorite orders.   They also have a great salad bar and their soups are fantastic.  My favorite is their vegetarian French onion soup, served in a bowl with boiling hot provolone cheese,  yum!  You will leave stuffed to the max or with leftovers, but don't forget to grab a complimentary ice cream cone on your way out.
Great food at reasonable prices. Not the most comfortable seating and the tables are crammed together pretty tight, but again the food is worth the trip.
So Far, So Good. I only come here during lunch. The first few times, I got food to go just because the eat in line was pretty long. I took several family members to this place and they really loved the sandwiches. 

After reading, other reviews of this place. I do agree with the cramped seating. There's no privacy while your eating. 

The sandwiches are really good. It's like eating at Paradise Bakery but cheaper. Kind of, anyway. The fruit is sometimes sweet, sometimes tart and not enough to finish the fruit dip that comes with it. The croissant bread is a bit to crunchy, flaky for me. 

If my lunch hour permits, I will return for the sandwiches and all you can eat ice cream.  Opps, did I not mention it? Well, if your dining in free ice cream.
Sick, need the best chicken noodle soup that Mom didn't make?  Come to Jason's! Plentiful moist chicken, plump egg noodles and perfect broth are available everyday for $4 something a bowl. Sick or not I'll drive to pick up a bowl to-go!

My favorite sandwich is the pastrami & turkey on an onion roll, called  "Bird to the wise". Lots of pastrami and just a touch of turkey make you feel better about this indulgence.  

Large fresh salad bar, frozen yogurt and bottomless soda machine are just the bonuses. 
Happy eating!
I've never dined-in at JD, but I've had many a boxed lunch on trips where we had them cater meals for us. The trip to u of eh for the game last night is an example of such. I ordered a turkey sammy on white and what's what I got. They put SO MUCH meat on these sandwiches it should be sinful. Unfortunately, the sandwich is just meat, tomatoes, and lettuce (mayo and mustard included in the box), but the bread is so moist that it's really okay. It's probably one of the best, basic turkey sandwiches I could ask for. Plus they're chips and cookies are really good. Judging from the reviews I should probably stop in one of these days....
This place was awesome! I had just got done with the p.f. Changs rock n marathon and was so hungry! Came here with a couple of friends that live in Tempe and man my mouth was not disappointed we came here! First of all mind you I am on a diet so I am watching my calories and right away I discovered they had a lighter side part of the menu! Score! I had the club with homemade organic chips with a homemade salsa it was amazing! They also have a salad bar to choose from that looked pretty extensive. I grabbed a few baguettes of the garlic type while we waited and some small bran muffins which were tasty. We sat outside for our food which was awesome and it didn't take long for it to be delivered to the table.+++ It was really good and filling and a steal for only 450 calories the chips were nice and crisp and the salsa really fresh. When in the Phoenix area again or any where else there is a Jasons I will most definitely be going again!
I've eaten at Jason's Deli elsewhere in the country and state (it's a popular 'safe' dining location), and this one is pretty typical.

  The food is pretty decent, nothing great, but for soup and sandwich it's not bad. The free soft serve and muffins are a nice perk.

  I wish the employees here were as enthusiastic as the ones in Shea though. Maybe I'm always dealing with the manager there or something, but eating here was a bit of a disappointment to me, honestly, in that regard.

  Perfectly acceptable, not a bad place for an evening meal with a group, when you want someplace no one is going to have issue with.
I generally get "take out", and the food is consistently good. I especially recommend the Tomato Basil Soup! This is no watery tomato soup. It's full of chunks of tomato, and is very flavorful. I also recommend the Ranchero Wrap if you enjoy "spicy". Since it's a wrap it's (relatively) low-carb, and it's very flavorful. Recommended!

The Tuna Wrap, on the other hand, isn't anything special. Although it has lots of tuna, it's just not very flavorful.
As a mom of two, Jason's Deli is awesome. 
The ingredients are fresh and healthy, and the kid's meals are huge and priced right. For my young kids (4 and 2), one meal is enough for them to share. For bigger kids, it seems they could be eating off the kid's meal longer than at some places. 
Add speedy delivery of food and free self-serve ice cream at the end, and this is one happy mom!
We come to jasons all the time, we love it! My favorite is the club sandwich with the chicken pot pie soup, so so good! I like that they put a lot of meat on their sandwiches so you don't feel like you're getting jipped (like subway). Everything always tastes fresh and your food gets done quick, which is surprising considering they are usually so busy. Yum!
Maybe not the most filling sammmmich I've ever had... but good. It always is. I went there late a night and sat by myself (sad, I know) and just played scrabble on my phone. Maybe someone from Yelp will come keep me company next time!
Food good. Service mediocre at best... 10 workers three customers and no greeting at all... Made me feel like I was bothering him...
Ok usually I come to jason's deli for a sandwich, which they do well. This time however, I ordered a "Big Chef" salad to go. I get back to work and find iceberg lettuce with sandwich meat thrown in a box! What the hell Jason's?! Maybe I should've gone to the grocery store and bought Lunchables instead!
Legitimate on-the-go lunch stop.   The sandwichs are good and definitely a step up from subway type shops.  Prices are reasonable.  One gripe is that both times I've been there for to-go, the sandwiches took 10-15 minutes to make (from the time I paid until the time I had the sandwich).
the Sandwich had too much mustard on it... place was empty and service was just okay.. no more kids eat free on wednesdays which was why i went there
Wonderful sandwiches, good soup and an amazing salad bar.

Need I write more?

Oh alright, but only because you like to read my crazy quips.

I get the Ruben but prefer mustard over thousand island dressing.  I like corned beef with thousand and pastrami with mustard (just for your knowledge).

The salad bar is amazing.  Different types of lettuce plus spinach.  The normal round of vegetables, beans and fruit. Plus, green olives, I really like green olives.  Many dressings to choose from.

I could swim in their soups, but I wont; for many reasons.  They are thick and flavorful. Hot out of the kettle, no semi-warm soup here.

Itls a sandwich place so do not expect linen table clothes and suited servers.  You pay, get a number and find you're own place to hunker down.  I'm cool with that.

And the best quip for last: FREE ice cream cone.

I don't believe there is anything more that needs to be said.
Love their salad bar, so much to eat, not as much as sweet tomatoes but good nevertheless! Only suggestion would b if they can get the labels on foods, bcs for people like me who don't eat meat its very difficult to figure out that there's tuna in one of their salads without a label! I almost ate it, so I hope they take this into account! My best is the whole boiled eggs though :)
On the way over I was arguing with my wife on the phone.  When I got there I was all pumped up.  I ordered the salad bar.  

My friend ordered a tuna sandwich.  We both had water.

I made a pretty basic salad: iceberg, greens and baby spinach; red onion; olives; pumpernickel croutons; other things and balsamic vinagrette.  Those little ginger muffins they have are siq.  I had a bunch of them.

I spilled my guts to my homie about my situation.  He listened pretty well.  I felt a little better afterward and a little awkard.  

Lunch was pretty good though.
Best salad bar ever!
Always get delicious deli food here.  Subs are excellent, lots to choose from, and fast & friendly service.  The is very affordable too.  My favorite sub here is the Italian Cruz Po' Boy.  It is not on the menu anymore, it was on there old menu, but is still available. =)
I proceeded to watch the four people who ordered behind me get their food before me. All I had was a potato. One guy behind me got the same thing I did (just a larger version) and got his before I did. And when I finally got my potato, it barely had any toppings on it. Really dry. Not tasty. Saving grace is the free ice cream you get.
Frequent slow/inaccurate orders.  This is not one of the better valley locations.  Metro center is the one to beat.  On my two of my three visits here, its taken nearly 20 minutes to get my order.  One of those two visits they did it incorrectly, and I had to switch the order to go as they burned up my lunch hour with their mistake.  Another to go order the dressing with my salad was watered down and it was caesar.  It ran like it was vinagerette.  I've mentioned the services issues to their manager.  First time they only apologized, never gave me reason to come back.  After three tries with this location, I'll stick with Metro center.
Best Beef Eater (French dip). The bread was perfect.
This place is a good manager away from being the best deli in town. Sometimes you get a hot sandwich on a cold roll, sometimes you get a great sandwich on very average bread, sometimes the lettuce & tomato are after thoughts... I guess what I'm trying to say is the ingredients are top shelf but the details are missed. If the manager ate there he/she would know what I mean and correct it. Great service, very clean and free ice cream!!! :)
I routinely order Jason's Deli sandwich and wrap trays for working lunches at my office.  Ordering from their online site is a cinch and delivery is always a few minutes early, or on time to the minute.  Their delivery drivers are also professional and friendly as well.  

The food is always fresh and delicious each and every time, and it always comes with all the plates, napkins, utensils, ice, cups and other accoutrements needed to serve it too.  Among my personal favorite items from Jason's are their wraps, and in particular their vegetarian wrap with mushrooms, Asiago cheese, bell peppers and Romaine lettuce).  Their Chicken Alfredo pasta is just amazing for lunch on a cold day and another favorite item for a cold day is their Tomato Basil soup which is absolutely delicious and served with a side of soft bread.  

Another big plus about catering from Jason's Deli for work lunches is that you accumulate 'Deli Dollars' with each order and over the course of a year's worth of office lunches I had accumulated enough Deli Dollars to pay for all the food for my teenage daughter's 15th birthday party.  Then by the next year I had accumulated enough Deli Dollars once again to cater the food my baby daughter's 1st birthday.  It was wonderful to be able to hold each birthday party for the girls and not have to worry at all about preparing the food.

I had Jason's Deli catered in today and the only thing wrong with today's lunch was that the pasta salad was very oily (which isn't normal for them) but aside from that I have absolutely no complaints about today's lunch delivery...

Rock on Jason's, rock on.
Beefeater sandwich was great!
I had a California club... came on a croissant which was surprising, but tasty.  Too much mayo. Chips were just plain Ruffles.
Jason's Deli is perfectly average for a quick lunch.  They have a large menu with sandwiches, wraps, salads, and soups. The food is average quality, but the prices are reasonable. The service is friendly. I recently tried a southwest chick wrap and was underwhelmed. The chicken chunks were too large and dried out. The wrap was overpowered by jalapenos and the sauce was runny.  But I've had the Reuben here and it was pretty good.  I like to stop by Jason's for a quick lunch, but there are many, many better deli's out there.
I come here for lunch a lot and it's always been good. I always get the same thing, the club lite and it's amazing. The fruit is always good and I'm such a huge fan of the ginger bead mini muffins. If you take the time to do the survey on your receipt, you can get a free cookie on the next visit. The prices are ok, the service is great and the food is probably the healthiest I eat.
I just hung up.... 21 mintues on hold, no one came to the phone. The first call my phone died after 6 minutes on hold. I promptly  called back on my house phone (for the younger generation...a house phone is a handheld phone that plugs into the wall).


20minutes (and counting) on hold to place a take-out during a non-rush hour?
Fine... you lost a customer today, next time I will bring my awful kids and they will clear your restaurant.

I have to add this.... I didn't get to place the order.

My husband went in and guess what... he called me from JD and tells me the store was EMPTY and they didn't receive any calls! Bull crap I have records!!

While writing this update my husband walks in and he tells me it was the MANAGER that said no one called the store... uhhh... 2 times, 1st time was a young man and the 2nd time was a young girl.
Husband said there was a young man next to the manager that had a "look" on his face.... he knows we called.
This might be my new favorite spot when I am looking for a sandwich... I tried a chicken pesto panini and a coup of soup and it was really delicious!  They have a really great looking salad bar that I will try when I dine in (both times I've been, I've called for pick up).  The place looks clean and the staff is friendly, and they gave me a coupon for a free cookie if I took a quick online survey.  They have options for every type of diet and is really good about including nutrition information for their menu.  I will definitely return!
Mediterranean wrap is so good! Great service and fresh foods for a reasonable price. Yum!
..a pleasant dining experience.  My favorite? -Their hard boiled eggs. Yep.  :)
Definitely a favorite Lunch spot! My friends and I eat here often. Yummy sandwiches, soup and salad- all for a really great price. I love the newly remodeled look and open seating, specially the patio area when the weather is nice. The staff is friendly and helpful, which is always a plus for me. 

Be warned the portions are very generous! The Muffalettas are no joke! Their salad bar is a great option if you're not sure what you're in the mood for. Trying out the day's special is usually not a bad choice either. The only complaint I have is that I really like their pasta & meatballs except they no longer have spaghetti- only bow-ties and penne now. I hope they bring back spaghetti!!! 

Enjoy their complimentary mini muffins and end your meal w/ their free low-fat frozen yogurt!
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Scott W., Jackie C. & Mike C.  For this first visit ever to a Jason's I went with a half pound hot Pastrami on Rye ($7.29) & Side Salad ($3.99) which is one trip to their nice Salad Bar with a medium-sized bowl.  It was all very good...  & half-sandwich + the trip to the salad bar ($8.99) would have been enough.     :-))
Met Rand H and Mike C and Jackie C here for lunch today.  For a chain they do a pretty good job of making sandwiches, salads and soups.  And in the American tradition almost anything you order is more than you really need.  But it is good and you keep eating! :)
While the sweet people working the counter were all smiles and helpful and patient, the experience was just "okay."  
The variety of choices at Jason's is great for sandwiches, salads, and pastas.  The taste was simply "okay."  I had a southwest wrap and each half of the wrap only had one piece of grilled chicken.  Strange, right?  This was made up for with an abundance of cheese, which I fully support, but what happened to my chicken?  
The area where you get drinks, near the salad area, was pretty messy.  Just crumbs and spills as you'd expect, I guess, but I expect more.  
My favorite part was free ice cream at the end of my meal - ice cream and free?  Heck yes!
This was my first time in Jason's deli.  

It is very clean, organized and quick which is important for lunchtime.  They have a variety of things to choose from on the menu from soup, salad, sandwiches, wraps and regular meals.  The staff was friendly and helpful and the food was fresh.

I would like to see the calories for all of the items on the menu, not just the wraps.  Otherwise I have no other suggestions for improvement!

Another bonus:

Free frozen yogurt with a purchase of your meal!  And they have chocolate sauce with it!  

Definitely try it out for your sandwich option.
One of my usual hangouts for lunch.  I'm rarely disappointed.  The quality of the sandwiches is high, the salad bar is pretty solid, and and the service is always friendly.  My favorite is the Roast Beef, which comes with chips.
This is one of my families usual places for a quick dinner out.  The kids Alfredo bowtie pasta with chicken is a nice change from the staple Mac and cheese.  Not knocking it though, the Mac and cheese is extra cheesy and a favorite!
Wow ~ what a busy place, especially on a Sunday morning ~ yet even with the rush of people the staff stayed pretty friendly and the food came out quickly.  Einstein Bagels has really stepped up their game ~ they have coffee bar drinks that rivel Starbucks  . . . their latte may actually be better : )  PLUS you can refill your cup with their drip coffee that tasted fantastic.

They are now featuring new lite and healthy selections featuring bagels that on 1/2 the thickness to save on calories.  I tried their veggie with mushrooms and asparages.  It was terrific!

Competition is good sometimes ~ in this case having several other breakfast locations in the area has really invited Einsteins to step up and re-invent itself.  It's exciting to see their rebirth and growth.

Blessings : )KC
Einstein has the whole bagel thing down pat!  Crusty crust with a soft and chewy inside.  They toast so well and their varieties of Schmears are awesome!  I love having odd combos, like the Garlic bagel with Almond Honey Schmear.  

This location was clean and very busy on a Sunday morning.    The staff was very friendly and helpful.   Even though it was busy we were in and out with their "Hate to Wait" bucket.  13 bagels with 2 tubs of schmear for $15 --Not bad!
My friends and I came here for a late breakfast this morning and were set on having some quality bagels and drinks.  Once we arrived, we were shocked that the line to order was about 20 people deep.  This didn't deter us as it seemed like the employees were working quickly enough and orders came out pretty fast.  Surprisingly, the place was filled with high schoolers, even though it was 10 am on a Tuesday (?).  The line was quick, maybe about 10 minutes.  

I have never been to an Einsteins before and was unfamiliar with ordering, but apparently you put in an order first and then there is someone to pay about 10 feet away.  The girl that took my order was extremely rude to me about moving forward to pay and when I checked my order, which of course she had messed up.  I ordered a regular sized chai and she charged me for a medium (more money) and didn't give me the bagel special that came with the drink and thus I had to pay about 3.50 for a bagel and creme cheese, wow... $$.  She had rushed me through the line and her attitude was not the greatest, not okay.  

The man at the cashier made up for her rudeness and was so pleasant that I didn't complain or change my order.  My order was placed and came out directly after I paid and I had a pretzel bagel with reg creme cheese (yumm, tasted like a delicious pretzel!).  But the drink, and iced chai; OMG soo sugarrry I almost went into a diabetic coma after having two sips.  Ugh, I poured it out and got green tea instead which was pretty delicious, so I was good to go after that loll!

Overall, I like Einsteins; but not such a fan of this location now and I think you have to try it out a few times before you know what you like!


PS~  random story; there was a woman in front of me that stuck her HAND under the soda machine and got a HANDFUL of ice... Um, icky blech, not very sanitary...
Damn I love breakfast sandwiches and the new maple ham egg and cheese that I linked up with last time I went in there was fairly impressive. The house brand orange juice isn't fresh squeezed like it says on the cup. The cashier informed me. Tasty none the less.
OK, it's an Einstein's - enough said. Great coffee, good bagels, lousy service. You know the drill.
When it comes to bagels, the various types of cream cheese based spreads to put on them, and some good coffee to wash it all down with, it does not get much better than Einstein bagels.  This location gets pretty busy on weekend mornings, but weekdays are a breeze.  It is less than a mile from my house, so definitely one of my fave places to go for carbs.
This place is very small and gets crowded very quickly. It is a frustrating experience every time I go in there. People are standing around since there is little seating and the line goes right into the dining area. Too small! They are also pretty slow at getting the food out to the customers which is surprising since it's just a bagel shop. Their coffee is terrible, too.

The actual food is good. I get the Lox and haven't been disappointed, I just hate going in there to get it.
Rock hard Panini- nasty. They messed up or order a tad but the GM- Rich,was super friendly about it and took care of it. Regardless of who is at fault, being pleasant about it makes a huge difference between "never again" and "repeat business." But I won't go back
Bagels are fantastic!  Service varies, usually just okay.  Bathrooms are so bad they are creepy - just avoid even looking in there, it is like a horror flick.
Nice place to go on a Saturday if you don't mind a limited selection or an afternoon when there are less patrons.  Just leave before you have to "go".
If you are patient and don't mind waiting for the cashier to make the person in front of you a double macchiato or chai tea before they check you out than you will like Einsteins Bagels and  Coffee.  They have the best coffee and their bagels are pretty darn good as well.
After being dissapointed twice I have to sadly write this review. The winter blend coffe was watered down and lacked any flavor this past winter when I went it. It was previously my favorite all time coffee and I look forward to the day it comes out. This past weekend, the cinnamon sugar bagel was so dark it was nearly impossible to chew and had almost no cinnamon or sugar. The quality control just doesn't seem to be happening at this location.
This location is a joke.   10:30am on a Saturday and out of all decent savory bagels to make a sandwich, line nearly to the door and barely moving, fountain machine not working, and less than friendly service.   I will make sure to choose a different location next time!
I come here quite often to pick up bagels for weekend breakfast. The servers are often less than friendly but that's not my biggest complaint about this place. There has to be a way to change the layout so that you don't get bowled over by the stroller brigade while trying to get your coffee. The space next to the coffee machines is used as the main walkway and with tables pushed all the way to the back there is very little space next to the coffee dispensers. If the line gets backed up, between that and all the entitled mamas who think any space should accommodate their hulking strollers and baby carriers it's nearly impossible to fill your coffee without bumping into anyone.
The service is always pretty good sometimes they are a little slow that's why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 stars. Unfortunately that do sometimes run out of certain bagels by around 11am, but all in all it's not a bad location a little small and congested but nothing crazy
I like that I can get an iced coffee and get my own refills. I also really like the sun dried tomato schmear. Beyond that, I kind of hate this place. It's always small and crowded, often having to weave around people constantly to get my order, go to the table, wait in line to get creamer, etc. It's just annoying how crowded this place is. They also seem to not be capable of keeping some types of bagels in stock, even on busy weekends. Then, you have the poor attitude of the rude kids behind the counter. It's just frustrating coming here, so we avoid it and choose other less mainstream joints.
NOT happy....made a very simple order this morning- Everything Bagel Lightly toasted with extra cream cheese and a white chocolate mocha. What do I get? A burnt bagel with NO cream cheese and a disgusting iced mocha. Not at all what I ordered. Seems like they really did not care about what I actually wanted and ordered. Great way to spend $8 to treat myself (which I can never afford to do) Thanks for ruining my day...next time listen to your customer.
As it was mentioned in a previous review, this place IS basically a convenience store with sandwich makers standing by.  So pretty much take a 7/11 or a comparable "kwike mart" that is over crowded with run of the mill convenience products and stick a deli case in it with a modest display of only Boars Head products (as if Boars Head is the end-all/be-all of gourmet deli) put a menu above it with typical selections of sandwiches and salads and there you have Convenient Corner Market.  The prices are in the middle.  The quality of my sandwiches was good but not uniquely good.  If you are planning a visit, I'd suggest calling ahead to avoid waiting longer than one would expect while dodging people just trying to buy some smokes, a tall boy, and a scratcher
+'s:  fresh tasting bread, family owned and operated, somewhat decent selection of beer/wine
-'s:  limited selection, long wait, could be cheaper, just "ok" sandwiches
Best sandwiches around (Boars Head meat) and fresh baked sub rolls!  Beer selection is second only to BevMo.  Always treated like family when im there.
I love this market. We come in here all the time for sodas and sandwiches. I wish they had a few more items on the shelves, but love the service.
The best & friendliest little market that you will find in Zona... And the sandwiches are uber delish!
This is by far the best convenient store around. Marty, Al, and Sam are the best! They are so good with their customers, they make great sandwiches, and they are just all around nice people. They have really been making some great renovations to improve the store as well. Love this place and the people!
Friendly personable staff, good food, great place to grab whatever you need in a hurry.
Awesome sandwiches on the best subroll ever!  Don't miss out!   Always friendly & nice!  I was raised in Scottsdale and I unfortunately don't live in the neighborhood, however, when I'm driving out to visit family, I always stop by for a sammy and a few extra rolls to go!  Thank you!!!  Keep up the great food & service!
Love their ham and cheese sandwiches! We love stopping by for a quick lunch to go! YUMMY!!
These guys rock!! Best deli sandwiches ever. The creamy basil pasta salad is excellent. Wonderful friendly staff who gets to know you as you frequent the store. Decently priced on everything. Wish I lived closer and they made special lunch deliveries to Amber in Tempe :)
Convenient including basic's from condiments ,greeting cards, lottery .e.t.c... Primo deli severd with lots of luv & laughter. :)
Awesome deli, fresh baked bread, great beer selection, super friendly staff, glad to have these guys in the neighborhood.
Been coming here for years!

The people who own it are great! They are friendly, happy and run a incredible operation. They always take care to greet you by name and ask how you are doing. I have never had a bad experience there and the only time something went slightly wrong it resulted in me having a new favorite sandwich. Speaking of the sandwiches they are incredible!

This place is great! Props to Al, Marty and Sam for running such a great place!
This place is a hidden gem!  What an incredibly delicious menu they have for amazing prices!  You can get a half sandwich (which is huge), side, chips, and a drink for about $6.50.  I highly recommend the Turkey Delight and macaroni salad, they're both great.  The food and the staff are the absolute best things about this place.  This place is family owned and operated by the most amazing and friendly family.  If you go in often enough, they will recognize you.  I know there are plenty of regulars because they will greet lots of people by name.  I've been going to this place whenever I can for about 7 years, even when I lived out of town, I would always try to stop by here for lunch if I could when visiting.  The only thing I wish they had was some outdoor seating under their covered entryway during the cool times of the year.  There's a very small seating area inside, but I think most customers take out anyways (I usually do), so it's really no big deal.  I will never stop going to this place, I love the people and the food, maybe in that order!
I've been a regular at this market for about 4 years.  They have the best sandwiches in the area, high quality and right-priced.  In my opinion, they beat, not only in taste, but value against ALL their competitors.

Everyone that works there is super friendly.  Its not uncommon to see neighbors in there, and somehow they keep all of our names straight :).
Went here for the first time tonight. Very cool place and the guy who helped me out was very nice. Great sandwich and didn't break the bank for something healthier than fast food. Will be back since the food was good and really nice people.
The best kept secret in the Scottsdale Airpark. It is a small deli in a strip of office buildings, but is it yummy. It is so close to my office I can easily walk there to grab lunch. I work in an office all day and need to get the blood pumpin every now and then. 

The staff is super friendly and remembers me ever time I stop in, about once or twice a week or so. Their More Than A BLT is probably the best sammy on the menu. It's a regular BLT but they put their fabulous turkey on it and avocado I think. They have several other sammys to pick from, including hot ones. Or you can build your own. Their meats and cheeses are all fresh and sliced in house. They also have several salads and soups, and there is always a daily special that isn't on the main menu. I had a Grilled Reuben last week, yum! 

They are open for breakfast as well. I get the breakfast burrito all the time; eggs, cheese, cream cheese, green chills and your choice of ham bacon or sausage. 

They also deliver to most place in the airpark. We had a catered meeting at our office a few months ago and the delivery guy was great and fast. If you are in this area check them out.

PS: Going to get lunch from there now! Jealous? You should be!
Sammys are yum!
I looooove Corner Deli!!!   I eat there at least once a week and their JALAPENO CORN CHOWDER only comes every few weeks and it is TO DIE FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I get an email daily that tells me about the specials and the soups and every time I see that corn chowder on the list...I'm there! And they are expecting me!    I'm going to steal the recipe...shhhh don't tell anyone.  

Corner Deli isn't exactly on the corner...but its around the corner!  And its perfect for those of you located in the Airpark!  They offer free delivery if you just can't get away from your desk.  The prices are affordable and the quality is out of this world!  They make all the sandwiches fresh when you order.  I'm also a big fan of their Turkey Ole sandwich.  With swiss cheese, lettuce, mayo and yummy green chilies!  They also offer breakfast burritos, bagels, sandwiches, soups, salads and ooey gooey brownies.  

Monica who works the register is so friendly and charming.  I've even placed a phone order in the past and didn't make it to pick it up and Monica called to say she noticed my food had been sitting for awhile and asked if I wanted my soup re-heated!  

If any of you are burnt out on the typical chains located in the Promenade, then just head around the corner to the Corner Deli and check it out.  You won't be disappointed!
I really like The Corner Deli. Sure, I don't love them. But that's okay, I'll keep coming back anyways! They're a great little deli with simple, tasty food and nice people. Nothing fancy about it, but that's part of what's so good.

Of course I'm sure it helps that I work just down the street. Easy access = easily drawn in.
A great little place for lunch in Kierland. Even when I walk past it, it's classic decor and bar stools make me smile.
The pic you see on Yelp is not The Corner Deli, its of Chole's Corner in Kierland Commons. The Corner Deli is across from Scottsdale Quarter in the AIrpark. The atmosphere is very basic but the dining area was bigger than expected. Service was very friendly and our sandwiches were great. Pretty cheap, about $ 7 or 8 for a sandwich drink and a side.
When you visit Kierland, you'll have many restaurant options, but none will be as rewarding as Chloe's Corner Deli.

Not being a 'bunny-food' aficionado, I threw a tantrum in Kierland Common's main square when my wife insisted we eat there, despite my penchant for PF Changs on this day. 
My arms firmly crossed and pressed closely to my chest, stomping my feet down in obvious disgust, and finally, plopping my butt down, (arms still folded) I  began to cry.
This is when she dragged me to my feet and towed me into the deli.

After ordering, (still crying) we sat outside, enjoying the spring-like temperatures.
That's not all we enjoyed.
We enjoyed the food once I got over my little hissy fit.

I learned a couple things that day.
One. 
If your wife is wearing non-matching bra and panties with her hair pulled back... a beret resembling a tiara, it's likely you're married to Wonder Woman and never knew it. Because despite your best attempt to remain glued to the sidewalk in a tantrum-like state, she WILL pick you up and drag you into the deli. 
Like it or not.

Second. 
The spirit of Harriet Tubman (Underground Railway, google her) lives on. 
I say this because I firmly believe there's a network of women who secretly share the best places to have lunch, as this place was crawling with 'The Salad Network'.
Very disappointed, especially after all the good reviews everyone seemed to give this place. The meatball sub was weak, the chowder tasted like it came out of a can, and the potato salad was so bad I couldn't finish more than the first bite.
I just love these ladies! It's the "go to" for lunch at my office and everything on their menu is delicious (we've gone through pretty much everything). It's also the highlight of my day to hear them say "We'll have there in just a few minutes, sweetie." It always makes me smile.
The friendliness at this Deli really stood out to me.  Everytime I call to place an order the person who answers is so nice and helpful.  It's a double bonus that all the food I have had has also been exceptional.  I would recommend Corner Deli to anyone!
The place is closed, and out of business.
Slowest delivery ever! Not worth it
The Greenway Grill is around the corner from my school in a rather industrial neighborhood close to the Scottsdale Airport. Their primary business seems to be delivery to local businesses. So I called to see if they could cater an event I was hosting at the school last weekend, and even though they are not normally open on Saturdays, this husband and wife team came in to do our 150+ boxed lunches. 

They accommodated a number of preferences and sensitivities from vegan to gluten free to dairy free, and did it all at a reasonable price. The sandwiches were hearty and tasty, on good bread, and came with a cookie, chips, and condiments. They arrived on time and everything that was made for the special diets was clearly labeled and explained to the volunteers staffing the lunch. 

Thanks, Greenway Grill, for making lunch at my students' convention one less thing I had to worry about!
The hidden away Greenway Grill and Deli came under new management this past January and has improved immensely. They don't have the most culinary creative menu but it's pretty yummy food at a cheap price. 

If you are looking for a fast, cheap lunch that's a step up from the regular fast food- this is a good place to get it. 
The menu ranges from Philly cheese steaks to a soup and salad combo and they serve breakfast all day long (well until they close at 2 p.m.) 

The owners are usually in the restaurant greeting guest and working the grill. They are very friendly and truly appreciate the business that they get.
One word "cheap".
My office mates and I used to order from this place on the regular but we noticed the last couple orders left us all feeling unwell after eating. We knew it wasn't a coincidence as we would all order completely different items but within half an hour of eating our lunch, everyone who ordered would be feeling slightly ill. Because of this, we decided as a group to not get delivery from here anymore. We just figured it was a spice or something that wasn't agreeing with us as the food always looked great when it arrived. 

A few weeks after this decision, I saw that someone had posted a review regarding a large order their office placed and the obvious mold spots on the food. They posted pictures along with an account of how Johnny reacted to their pointing it out. (see filtered reviews). 

After seeing the pictures of the moldy food, it clicked in my head why my office mates and I always felt queasy after eating. I was beyond horrified to say the least. 

I really like Johnny as he is  a champ on the phone and always gave us GREAT  service but I just can't eat their food again after seeing those mold photos and after my office experienced the stomach issues. 

Goodbye Greenway Deli :(
I frickin LOVE their food.  I have never been disappointed. My entire team orders from them pretty regularly and I've gotten nothing but delicious food at a good price.  Keep it up Greenway!  I'm eating their Spinach Melt with Tomato Basil soup and this is super yummy!
Yummy! We were not expecting lunch to be as good as it was but were pleasantly surprised...very beautifully presented and delicious!
We have been ordering from here for the past few weeks and ALWAYS get the best food, service and delivery.  The food is always warm and delicious!!  Whenever anyone mentions that they are ordering from Greenway Grill and Deli, there is usually a line of people waiting to add their order.  Wonderful food at wonderful prices!!  Thank you Greenway Grill and Deli!!
Delivery driver Jonathan was extremely rude to an employee after we have supported this business and chosen this restaurant over others. Our company of 300+ will no longer be ordering from Greenway Deli. Though I tried to call to speak to the owner, the call went straight to the driver's cell phone and I was told to "lose his number". My "star" rating would have been a negative if the choice were there.
Boar's Head meat and thick toasted bread make these sandwiches some of my favorite.  The soups are okay, but put them in a fresh bread bowl and who cares?  The Southwestern Club is my fave with the tasty raspberry mustard.  The sandwiches are huge but they are so good you may not be able to stop after half of one.  The shop itself takes the minimalist approach so don't expect any fancy decor.
Great Food & Service, No Frills!

This place is wonderful for a quick sandwich, soup, or pickle during your lunch break.  I had their Turkey and Avocado sandwich -- and it left my mouth watering long after the sandwich was gone.  

They also have a great selection of Dr. Brown sodas (as well as the normal fountain selection).
Dilly's Deli is one of my favorite lunchtime destinations. They use Boar's Head meat and the bread is crisp and fresh. The deli offers a plethora of sandwich combos. I recommend the Honey Do (turkey, tomato and cheddar cheese with alfalfa sprouts and honey mustard). I've never had anything I didn't like at Dilly's. Their salads are hearty. Be sure to try the Greek salad. They're cookies are delightful and I love the large, zesty pickles. They also serve delicious bread bowls, which are huge. My favorite is the Wisonsin Cheese. 

Dilly's is a no-frills lunch and dinner hangout. It's usually filled with college students and young professionals. I recommend getting there at 1 p.m. if you go for lunch because there's usually a line out the door after Noon.
3.5 STARS

FOOD: I love my sandwiches, and Dilly's always satisfies me. The sandwiches are pretty big. I like the Smokey Mountain because any sandwich with bacon in it is twice as good as those without! I think you get a free cookie with your sandwich, not sure though. 

PRICE: Around $7 for a sandwich

ATMOSPHERE: Nothing amazing, but definitely good enough to sit down at.

SKINNY: For those of you who love your sandwiches for lunch, go to Dilly's Deli and you shouldn't be disappointed.
One of the only food places in AZ I miss! This place is just awesome, you order a half sandwich and the soup in a bread bowl and you've got yourself a food coma. The Wisconsin Cheddar soup is to die for. The dinning room isn't much more than some chairs and a few tables, but this place isn't about the dining, it's about the food. If they ever expand to the East Coast, I'll be the first person in line.
Although I would call myself a foodie, I have to admit that I tend to limit myself and order a sad protein salad whenever I am out at a restaurant....  Sometimes these salads astonish me, but often I am left drooling over the meal I see across from mine at the table.  Maybe this is because instead of seeing a beautiful bowl of pasta, I see another dimple of cellulite forming on my left thigh...gross.
 
Anyways, moral of this story is that today at Dilly's Deli I broke my own cardinal rule and ordered none other than...a sandwich!  ::applause:: 

My dining partner choose the spot as a great place to celebrate the 60th day of my 60-day Bikram yoga challenge and WOW she made a great choice!  As other Yelpers noted, this is not the place for ambiance, but because I love my best friend so much, this issue did nothing for us.  We had plenty of hilarious post-church-types to stare at.  
We each got a different sandwich so that we could trade and essentially try 2 different things.  My choice was the Mexi wrap-Grilled chicken, sour cream, avocado, colby/jack cheese, fresh salsa and jalapenos in a cilantro jalapeno tortilla.    Ashley M. ordered the Dilly bird-Turkey, avocado and cream cheese with alfalfa sprouts
and mayo.  For our sides we tried the potato salad and chipoltle cole slaw and had to split a chocolate chip cookie for dessert.  

100% loved the food!
FRESH FRESH FRESH!  It was one of those meals that I walked away feeling completely satisfied!  I shall return!
I love this place.  The sandwiches are huge and the soups are awesome.  Priced from $6.99 and up for full sandwiches and $6.59 for half sandwich/soup combo, it can fill up big and small appetites alike.  I've had days where I would order the soup and sandwich combo and have just eaten the soup and take home the sandwich to finish off later because I'm stuffed from the soup and bread bowl.
Ok, I finally made it to Dilly's.  I can't say I was all that impressed.  The food was okay, the service sucked, and I don't really see what the big deal is about this place.

I grew up eating real deli food.   This, is not real deli food.  It serves a very limited selection of menu options.  For starters, you only have 3 choices of bread. I got a half sandwich and half salad.  The food was good, a notch above "decent."  Good enough to eat on a regular basis becuase its near my place, but NOT deserving of a special out of the way trip.

I dunno, I wouldnt NOT reccomend this place, but, I left unimpressed.  The Greek salad was good, the sandwich was good, but I feel like I left unsatisfied.
i go to Dilly's whenever i have the urge to slip into a carb coma because the portions are HUGE. we're talking one sandwich cut in half looks more like two full sandwiches.

i always build my own to load up on the veggies (gotta pretend like i'm being healthy). the best thing is, you could request everything but the kitchen sink in your sandwich and the price never changes. in fact, you could probably request they throw in the kitchen sink, and the price would remain the same. it seems to be one of the only places that doesn't charge a premium for avocado.

for people who like punch cards, Dilly's has one. as far as atmosphere, don't expect any. it gets crowded here during lunch and the service is not always friendly but always fast. it's a great place to go if you feel like wolfing down a gigantic sandwich before passing out at your desk.
LARGE sandwiches. Delicious wheat bread. Try the tuna salad sandwich. If you're not real hungry, be sure and order just half. By all means, when asked about condiments, ask for the Russian mustard--tasty!
Same great menu as the location on University but a whole lot less crowded (except during lunch rush). The sandwiches are all huge, so either order the half, which is really more like a 3/4, or be prepared to share. The sandwiches are all toasted panini style, too, on their signature bread.

FYI - if you love avocado on your sandwich (I don't ... yuck!) they are far from generous with it. And, if you ask for extra be prepared to pay for it. My friend has tried to flirt, negotiate and argue her way into free/extra avocado. No dice!

I usually go for the soup in a bread bowl, especially the Wisconsin cheddar. It has carrots and celery and is flavored with bacon. It qualifies as a "little piece of heavan" IMHO. 

About the only down side is that you will smell like the inside of the deli for the rest of the day. It's not a particularly bad smell (something like toast, cheese and bacon) but  it can make you crave more Dilly's even when you're stuffed.
My favorite place to grab a sandwich and wrap. You can't go wrong with either a sandwich one. .Hard to name a favorite item, since I've enjoyed them all.  

Items I enjoy most are the Humdinger (pastrami), Yahoo (roast beef) Dilly Club, Southwestern club and the Mexi, Caesar and Southwest Wraps

Sandwiches and wraps are $6.99 and served with a pickle and one side-(chips, cookie)

I really enjoy the Poore Bros chips served here, especially the bbq ranch flavor. The cookies are also pretty good.

This location is less crowded then the Dilly's location closer to the ASU campus.
I've always been a fan of the Dilly Bird, it's just a delicious sandwich... I can't speak for all locations but the one in Mesa off of Southern was a real disappointment the other night.  I waited almost 30 minutes for a cold turkey sandwich!  After working all day and sitting in traffic for an hour the last thing I want to do is sit in a fast food joint for that long, especially when all the "kids" behind the counter are messing around talking about their homework and girlfriends or boyfriends and not working.  I have been going to this location for a dilly bird for longer than I can remember, but unfortunately I will not be returning any time soon unless someone can guarantee I wont have to sit and listen to teenagers for a half hour while I wait for a cold sandwich.
While working at Shirts and Things, we'd order lunch from here every once in awhile. I'd always get the bread bowl soup and have them put half potato, half broccoli and cheese. A great combination! The bread itself was also good. I would always get the Gobbler too, which is like Thanksgiving between bread: turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing on marble rye. Delicious!
The delivery seemed pretty fast but the prices were a little high (around $7 for soup and bread or a sandwich is iffy for me).
This place is so good. I love the big sandwhiches and the soups are so delicious. The only complaint I have is that I went twice and I unfortunately got hair and a fingernail clipping in my soup in two different times I went.
I-LOVE-THIS-PLACE!!! Noodle soup in a bread bowl . . . can't go wrong, makes me happy every time!
Sure the food is good, but out of my last 20 take out orders they got it right maybe once.  The people making the food look so high you would think you were at Cheba Hut, but I just love that damn Broccoli and Wisconsin Cheese soup!  Their fresh dark rye bread is always great.

I enjoy the Italian quite a bit and the wife LOVES their tuna salad.  Great healthy place for food if they aren't too high to get your order right.
Great bread and sandwiches. 

Nimrod employees.
Met a friend here for lunch this week and was STOKED to see that they brought back The Gobbler!

Always a good, filling meal
Oh, the Gobbler. YUM.
Dilly's is a classic Arizona deli.  If you haven't been before, put it on your list.  From the Gobbler, to the Dilly Bird, to the Yahoo, you can't go wrong.  The service is also friendly and quick, perfect for a take-out order or dine-in.
1st comment: Booo for the road crew who is blocking off one of the main entrances to this great place. I feel bad that Dilly's is in pretty much a ghost town of a strip mall, and to have a bunch of pipe laying across the entry to it is really a shame and has to be hurting this small business. 

I make it a point to eat at Dilly's just really whenever humanly possible. The food is great, the staff is laid back, it is locally owned and has been around since I was in high school, so many good memories in this place.

I go for the veggie supreme and add bacon. No I'm obviously not a vegetarian, but how many sandwich joints give you much more than the standard lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle routine? Dilly's veggie does cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, mushroom, cucumber, sprouts, and ranch. Topped with bacon, it is money.

Soups are great. My one beef is that I wish that they would have some broth based options for soups. 

They give a shoutout to local AZ company Poore Brothers as the supplier for their chips, so you know they are a local business who is practicing what they preach. I for one love that.
Good food that won't break your bank. The sandwhiches are all stellar and the bread bowl soups are hearty and delicious. I stopped in once because of a coupon and I got hooked. My wife and I are in here at least once a month.
Chicken noodle in a bread bowl.  Sandwiches are good too :)
wow.....okay wow, this place is just great. Can I first comment on their portion size, HUGE! I had a half portion and that filled me up. It was my first time so I just got the B.L.T and it was so good, I'm thinking about it the next day! My husband had a side of potato salad (he's usually really critical of potato salad since he insists his moms is the best) and I swear he almost cried it was so good. My son had the kids ham and cheese and finished it! That's saying a lot for a very picky five year old. And to finish it off, I shared a sugar cookie with white frosting and sprinkles with my son and no lie it might have been the best cookie I've ever tasted!
Service is always great!
The Dilly Bird and Wisconsin Cheese Soup are my regular favorites.
I've never had anything there that wasn't good.  
My kids even like it.
Portions are large.
Delicious, fresh, flavorful, with a lot of meat and vegetarian options to please any discerning palate.  They also offer soups and salads, which I hear are equally as delicious, and many different options for sides.  It's sad to see that this plaza, which used to house Michael's and several other stores, is now nearly defunct, and the last remaining vestiges of this plaza's prime days is this deli, Pong Pong Chinese food, which is right next door, and a few other specialty stores.

My favorite so far is the Southwest wrap.  The Buena Bella vegetarian sandwich, though touted as a healthy alternative, seems to be a bit too salty to make it really that healthy for you.
Yummy yummy yummy. My friends and I order from here at least 3 times a month. The Dilly Bird, Yahoo and the Reuben are absolutely delicious. It's a bit pricey but soooooo worth it. I simply love Dilly Deli :)
Dilly's features great, fresh sandwiches, salads and sides, served in generous portions, on a great variety of fresh breads.  The staff is always super-friendly and the joint is packed at lunch time, despite being in an otherwise almost completely dead strip mall that isn't doing anything to help draw in new blood.  Tip: go for the half sandwich and side or salad deal.  The "half" sandwich is much closer to a "full" sandwich, and it's a great value.  Part of the regular lunch rotation with the office gang.  Good stuff, Maynard!
Let me tell you about the Dilly Bird. First off, I'm not a fan of sandwiches: especially those that don't include salad somewhere in the name and have something you'd call lunch or deli meat inside. But the Dilly Bird is another thing altogether.  Usually I find turkey bland and dry, however theirs is flavorful and moist. It is sliced very thin and then stacked up in lots of layers. The wheat bread is fluffy, fresh and very delicious. Then it's got avocado whose inclusion has has never hurt any sandwich I've ever  had. And here is where it gets really good: it's also got sprouts and cream cheese. The sprouts give it some good bite and the cream cheese sweetens the whole thing into a YumYumYum moment. I highly recommend you all give the Dilly Bird a try, and while you are at it ask Dilly's to open a location that's near where I live. I really miss eating this sandwich but it's hard to justify driving 30 minutes/20 miles out of your way.
First time at this location, and it stands up with the rest the of the double d's. Sandwich was well made, delicious, and I wanted another after I was done.
Dilly's is a good place to go.  I enjoyed my food.  The one problem I have with places like this is the help.  The food is decent, but the help in places like this seems to not care.  I asked the girls who took my order to not put the honey vinaigrette on my sandwich, but to put light mayo on it.  The sandwich came with both Honey Vinaigrette and light may on it.  The Honey in the Vinaigrette was so prevalent, that all of you know, when honey is on bread it can get all over.  And this honey got all over my sandwich, my hands, my clothes, everywhere.  Not enjoyable.  The sandwich was good except for that.  I just wish places would start catering to the customers instead of taking us for granted all the time.
absolutely wonderfully delicioouuss!!! Dilly's Deli has a very large variety in the ingredients they offer which of course led me to taking forever to put together my order( but I was creating a masterpiece here) but after I finally got it together it was freaking delicious and hit every craving I was having. I got a turkey wrap with feta, cranberries, spinach, candid walnut, avocado and even raspberry vinaigrette on the side. I know it might not sound as delicious to you as it does to me but you get the idea of the creations you can put together here.

Lover got a meat lovers sandwich and all of their soups come in a bread bowl. He tried the potato soup and had nothing negative to say about his order. Along with soup they have chips and other pasta salads you can get on this side as well. 

Food smelled so dang good, I couldn't help devour the only thing i could get my hands on while I was driving which was the huge delicious pickle that came with the meal :)
Warning, if you come here for lunch, you WILL wait. This is an amazing deli located between ASU, MCC, Banner Desert hospital and many other medical offices so it gets pretty busy but that should prove how good the food is.
 I highly recommend the Dilly Club but everything is great on their menu.
One great perk is that they deliver. I've been a regular here since 2004.
Dilly Dally My Willy Wacky
By The Rue

Why do I always forget this place,
When deciding on where to eat lunch,
Here I could really stuff my face,
It doesn't matter if it's dinner or brunch.

My wonderful, tasty Honey Do,
Alfalfa sprouts, turkey on whole wheat,
Add a slice of cheddar for you,
This sandwhich cannot be beat. 

Located not to far from the hospital, 
So you get a great crowd of nurses,
The hotties who come here are pivotal,
I'll stay until the crowd disperses. 

Get the soup in a bread bowl,
Or a bag of chips if you please,
Add a cookie for your hole,
I'll say bless you after you sneeze. 

Bottom line is you cannot go wrong,
You'll love whatever you order,
Go home and hit the bong,
And then make a run for the border. 

DEEEES NUTS!!!
Not too many things come to mind when thinking about Dilly's. They make tasty, super expensive sandwiches. (Usually around 15 bucks for a 'meal' here). I love a great sandwich but this place must clean up in profits. The sandwiches aren't quite inventive enough for me, considering most of the ingredients they use are run of the mill things. 

I guess kids eat free on weekends so that is fine. The decorations are as vanilla as you can get, and you can't really watch sports here. Sometimes they float around good coupons if you and a friend want to split the cost of one meal (again, be prepared to pay as much as a whole meal (7-8 bucks) at W.M. Sacks, a much better sandwich place with unfortunately limited hours). 

Come here if the only other options around it are known to be bland and/or fast food.
Dilly Bird.  That all I have to say!!!  The bread is amazing and the sandwich is awesome!!  I go at least once a month :)
This place is totally down to earth, simple, clean and has the best sandwiches!! Definitely a staple.
Soup and sandwich combo is good, enough to split!
The deli is in a strip mall, very non-descript, and the deli itself is fairly plain on the inside, no frills.  The value is in the sandwich alone, and for this it gets 5 stars.  They offer a wide variety of sandwiches, wraps, salads, and soups -  and every sandwich seems to have a twist on your standard sub/deli sandwich, they have everything from a buffalo chicken sandwich to oven roasted portabella mushroom cap and your traditional veggie and italian types - ranging from 7-8$ most sit right at the 7.5 mark..  I tasted 4 sandwiches total outside my own and they were all rock solid performers.  I highly recommend this deli!

FYI - on thier website, for the allergic type, they have a complete allergy profile of each of thier menu items - highly useful for the allergic folk, and very, very kind!
Solid restaurant. The place is directly west of the QT on the corner. Hoop in there and grab a dilly bird, and a cup of Wisconsin Cheese soup. Soup comes in a great bread bowl. The people working there are great to be around and they are always welcoming.
Big fan! 

I love me a good sammy and/or salad and they have both. They will even deliver to my office just for me. I don't think they have an order minimum. But I would recommend to order about 45 minutes ahead of when you will want to eat, they take a little while, but it's no big thang as long as you order at the right time. They are very accommodating as well, if an order isn't right or you are dissatisfied they will run over ASAP and fix it or they are happy to put a credit on your account for next time. 

My office orders from here some times as well, as long as you call them an hour in advance they will be right on time with your order. 

Their bread is awesome, their dark rye is my favorite. They have great chicken salad, I usually get their Chicken Salad Salad or the Chef salad.... their honey mustard dressing is the bomb! All their sides are yummy too, pasta salad, cottage cheese, potato salad.... and they have all kinds of chips and cookies and brownies. I also appreciate that they menu isn't huge, when a place has a billion thing on the menu its impossible to choose, they have just enough. 

Big Big fan!
Spock Wears Pants

Friday I needed to order food,
28 people what should I do? 
I'm going to go with a place I knew,
Mr. T used to say "I pitty the foo".

Dilly's Deli is just the thing,
The sandwhiches will make everyone sing,
Even if your arm is in a sling,
And it doesn't take bling-bling.

Faxed in an order at 10 O'clock,
28 sack lunches, none for Spock,
All their sandwhiches really rock,
Doesn't matter if you're a nerd or jock.

Southwestern club is what I ordered,
Didn't make a run for the boarder,
I'll bet your mom is a hoarder,
Yes I am a skateboarder.

All 28 sack lunches were correct,
Nothing suffered from neglect,
Buzz Aldren was a space cadet,
Do not worry and do not fret.

Food was delivered right on time,
They don't serve beer or wine,
The place is worth every dime,
My favorite band isn't Sublime. 

Alphalfa Sprouts

Thanks again Dilly's for accepting that huge order from me Friday.
My husband and I came here to eat before seeing a movie. He always wants to go eat at a deli place and I usually turn him down because I am not a big sandwich person. Normally deli places don't have very much selection and I can be very picky. However, I remembered Dilly's Deli is a place that I loved. They have bread bowl with broccoli and cheese soup or clam chowder. Yum. I suggested it to my husband and he was so excited. We ate there and of course I ordered a bread bowl and salad. My husband ordered a sandwich and a bread bowl. He loved it. Now we have a place to go to when y husband is craving a sandwich. I gave Dilly's 4 stars only because the floor looked kind of dirty and it needs some decorations. It is pretty depressing in there, but the food is great.
love the chicken noodle soup in bread bowl.  sandwiches are awesome as well.
Had the BBQ sandwich on Focaccia. Really good!
Can't say a single bad thing about this place. First of all it was the best customer service I've had in a long time. I think they bake their own bread & it's amazing. The meat was delicious & the veggies were fresh. 
Glad I work right down the street so I can eat here often.
I've been coming here since I was in college at ASU 15 years ago. I now live in Surprise and make the hour drive just to eat here about twice a month. BEST DELI EVER! Friendly staff, casual atmosphere and AMAZING food. My favorite is the Dilly Bird on rye with cheese soup. Eat here, you won't be disappointed :)
My husband and I used to go here every week because we love the food.  They have been doing a lot of renovations that make the place look much better.  Downside:  They decided to jack up the prices and reduce the portions.  While the food is still good, it is now WAAAAYYY over priced.  I'm pretty sure that I'm not the only one that feels that way.  Before the change, the line was out the door at lunch time.  Now, there is plenty of seating available and little wait.  The meat on our sandwiches was skimpy.  They took away the sides with the sandwiches and charge extra.  Portion sizes didn't fill up the container.  Cookies are smaller.  No pickles.  The only portion that didn't change was the bag of chips.  They must think customers don't notice these things.  I'll be taking my hard earned money and spending it elsewhere.  Pretty disappointed because we used to love this place.
Great sandwich place, lots of variety.  Fresh bread.  Clean and great employees.
I went here with my dad yesterday just looking for an average sandwich. We got much more than just your average and sandwich.

I ordered the italian on focacia with a side of pasta salad and my dad ordered the dilly club on white. 

Both sandwiches were amazing. Fresh meat, fresh veggies and delicious bread. I can't get over how good the focacia was. I might have to get every single sandwich I order from there on focacia!

The pasta salad was also delicious. Would get again. 

All in all, for 7 dollars you get an enormous sandwich that is also delicious.
Hands down one of my favorite sandwich shops in the Valley. I don't eat meat often but Dilly's is one of those places that I "cheat" for because it is so good. Never had a bad experience, will continue going for a long time.
I always get the soup in a bread bowl and 1/2 a sandwich.  AMAZING!!  It's not your ordinary sandwich shop that's for sure.
Ate here recently w/ my daughter and her boyfriend - they are repeat 'offenders', so I wanted to see for myself..  Fresh veggies and meat on fresh bread - how could you go wrong??? I got "The Gobbler" and it was delicious (turkey, lettuce, cream cheese, cranberry concoction on focacia...oh, me, oh, my!!) and the macaroni salad was pretty good, too.  Potato salad not bad (but I'm from the South, so no one ever gets that "exactly" right for me haha).  Sad they were out of Tomato Bisque the day I was there, but that's on my "To Do" list, w/ the grilled cheese, of course.  Nice atmosphere, quick service, delicious food, and good prices. I'll be back!
This place is very good! I had the clam chowder and the BLT. Closest thing to the San Francisco Warf Clam Chowder you'll find based on the bread bowl alone. The BLT was crispy and fresh too.
I have to say that this was a regular stop for me and my friends during high school. We loved this place, but then a few years ago (5 or so) it took a serious nose dive. The portions lessened and the quality became really sloppy and staff seemed not to care. Eventually I just stopped going altogether. 

Then, last week I decided to give it another try. I have to say, they are back! Portions were large, the Southwest Club was as good as it use to be (recommend that you request that they go light on the raspberry mayo) and the soups are awesome. So happy that this place got back to it's roots; the very reason they were able to become a chain in the first place.

Recently re-recommended :)
Great food, great prices, kids eat free on the weekends - what's not to like?  Watch out for the lunch crowds it can fill up fast
This restaurant is a staple for my office.  The food is always good and if you order ahead you can walk right up to the counter and your food will be ready without any waiting.  The only bad thing is the food is so good sometimes there are no seats but the table changeover is quick so just wait a couple of minutes and a chair will open up.
A must try! Great sandwiches - soups - and salads! Everything taste fresh and homemade. I especially love the bread and balsamic salad dressing! Once you try Dillys, you will never go to a chain sandwich shop again. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because the sandwiches have less meat than they used to.
I have always loved Dilly's for sandwiches.  Their potato salad is one of my top two favorites of any that I have ever eaten.  I used to get the Honey-do, but their new menu doesn't have it, so I opted for another sandwich that was just as tasty with a sweet mustard on it.  

I hadn't been to Dilly's in about a year because I moved to the Northwest Valley where they don't exist, so when I handed them my almost filled punch card, they told me they don't use them anymore.  All was not lost however, because they let me exchange my punch card for a free sandwich!  Done!  Gotta love Dilly's!
My colleague put in an order for lunch and I decided to order with her. When the order arrived, I received the wrong item and my colleague didn't receive the chips that came with her basket. We called back and asked for them to correct the order. We were given no apology, just a "well I don't know when the driver is going to be able to come back". When they did come back, my correct order was drenched in salad dressing, so much that it was coming out of both the packaging it was wrapped in as well as the carry-out bag. It was inedible. Furthermore, my colleague's chips were completely smashed (there was a hole in the bag like someone had popped it and when she opened it the chips were nothing but crumbs). It almost seems like it was all done on purpose. First and last time I'll be eating Dilly's Deli.
Dilly's deli is delicious! The bread makes the sandwiches! Love the gobbler it's like thanksgiving any day of the week! The soup bowls are great too! During the week this place is packed! You won't be disappointed!!!
First time visiting this location since my younger college-age days, but everything was great. I like the menu they have up (easier to read than the Chandler location) and the tables were all cleaned off about 2 seconds after people left them. 

Only 4 stars because my sandwich was kind of lacking in turkey - I got the Honey Do and while it tasted really good, the ratio of bread to meat was too heavy on the bread.
Unfortunately, I have to say that our experience was one that left us wishing we had gone somewhere else for lunch. I ordered a Tuna Melt on Wheat with Tomato Bisque soup, my husband had a Southwest sandwich on Sourdough and my son had Mac & Cheese. My Tuna Melt arrived on white as opposed to wheat, which is not a big deal. It was the flavor of the tuna that had me gagging. It tasted like it was 75% sweet relish and the "melt" part of the sandwich consisted of half melted American Cheese. Not what I expected, considering their high price point. The tomato bisque soup was bland and was much more bread bowl than a good serving of soup. The contents of my husbands sandwich were fair, but the sourdough bread was rock hard. It was like a sandwich on crostini. My son's Mac & Cheese was not fresh and was nothing more than Kraft, straight out of the box. Throw beverages and a brownie and we had a $25 meal that was far from worth it.
To make matters worse, my husband went back inside to order lunch for a colleague and noticed that the man making the sandwiched paused his work several times to scratch his backside and the continued right on preparing food. 

I frequented Dilly's a lot at the University Dr and Scottsdale locations years ago and really miss their fresh sandwiches, piled high with fillings. The quality has really declined seemed to decline and it doesn't seem that you get your money's worth anymore.

Needless to say, we won't be returning.
Dilly's deli is delicious! The fresh, homemade bread makes the sandwiches! Love the gobbler it's like thanksgiving any day of the week! The soup bowls are great too! During the week at lunchtime this place is packed! You won't be disappointed!!!
Has a bacon avocado turkey sandwich and creamy chicken soup bread bowl . All around very good and man the food was served fast!
This place has great sandwiches, sides, and soups. It's basically exactly what you would hope a deli spot would be: fast, affordable, and tasty. No complaints here.
This is a great place to eat. Today I ordered the combo (1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad) which was chicken salad on multigrain bread and a sweet leaf salad. My oh my. All that for just over $7 cannot be beat. I was so impressed by the freshness of everything. The salad: fresh whole-leaf spinach with feta cheese, walnuts, cranberries with balsamic vinegar.  It's been too long since I've eaten fresh lettuce at any lunch restaurant- bye bye Wendy's. The sandwich was stuffed with chicken chunks (not shredded) and the bread was toasted to perfection. I called up and ordered for pickup. Although the ASU location is closest to me it's very busy so I always opt for the new location at Price & Southern. A bit farther but never a wait. There is seating to accomodate about 10 tables. Friendly and healthy. Here is where you want to eat lunch!
I stopped here with my dad for a quick dinner. It took longer than expected to get two half sandwiches and two half salads, but it was worth the wait. Dilly's Deli has great sandwiches made with fresh ingredients. This place had very little decor and felt a little plain and empty. They did have some neat art painted on the walls though. They need to add some thing on the walls and tables. Maybe a few plants around the place (fake ones would work too). Overall, we were pleased with our meal and would recommend it.
I am definitely a fan of Schlotzsky's - the odd, round shaped sourdough bread with a slight toasty crunch, with ham, salami, Genoa and a blend of 3 melted cheeses with onions, lettuce and tomato - it's the classic number 1 "original" - my favorite. I have been known to try the chipotle chicken, the Rueben and the BBQ Chicken pizza as well - you can't go wrong with a sammy or pizza from this place. Get the free VIP card and save 10%. The service at this location is typically good and they bring the food to the table quickly. Always crowded at lunch. 

If you have a hankerin' for something sweet, they offer Cinnabon products as well. YUM!
I was not impressed with the sandwich I got from here. The drive-thru lady was snippy when I asked questions about the sandwiches. When I ordered what I thought was a hot Turkey sandwich with guac, swiss, and lettuce...no, that would be too easy. My sandwich had onions, tomatoes, and bacon on it. After taking off the offending extras (I had since driven off and on the freeway), the sandwich was disappointing. Soggy, falling apart and flavorless. I have definitely experienced better.
After visiting three places for breakfast on a Sunday morning---Matt's Big Breakfast, Coffee Conspiracy, and IHOP near ASU Tempe---and finding ourselves looking at serpentine queues at two places, and finding Coffee C. closed, we finally came to Schlotzsky's...for no particular reason, other than that it was open, and looked empty! 

The interior is big...with both high chairs and regular tables. I got the Texas Schlotzsky's on sourdough bread. It had ham and melted cheddar cheese with mayonnaise, sliced jalapenos, lettuce and tomato. Partner got the ribeye sandwich. We made both the orders combo deals, with a side of chips and a drink. I liked partner's sandwich more than mine...it just had more taste and character than mine. My sandwich was just a regular lettuce, tomato ham sandwich that you could have bought for slightly less at a Subway, or even tossed up at home. 

But I'll definitely be back to try the Reuben....I hear that's the thing to order here.

One thing: on a bright beautiful morning like today, we would have liked to sit outside in the sun, but we couldn't, because the patio wasn't open. What a waste!
Went to Schlozskys for lunch because it was a free sandwich for my birthday!! So with that said IT WAS THE BEST SANDWICH EVER!!! Haha I had the Chipotle Chicken on jalapeno bread, it was very delish!! I have never had a bad experience with Schlotzkys! I am a fan!
I went to Schlotzsky's in Texas...and in Vegas.  And it was amazing.  What happened?!  The bread was gross, the sandwich barely had any meat in it and was totally overpriced.  I'm totally confused--what happened to the amazing bread and the piled high sandwich I had?

Not to mention--once a year I get a Cinnabon cinnamon bun.  They sell them here.  Great, right?  NO!  It was lukewarm and DRY!  I feel guilty putting those calories into my body--if you're going to eat something sooooo sooooo bad, at least you should be able to enjoy it.

The girl at the counter had like zero personality...but I would've given the food a 1 star, anyways.  I'd rather take the hit-or-miss Gandalfo's!
I went here only for a cinnabon.  It's $3.45 for one cinnabon so I expected it to be awesome.  It was my first time there and my pregnancy craving was going nuts for a cinnabon. 

I ordered, the no smile, no welcoming feeling of the server (completely zombified) boxed up my cinnabon and I went on home.  I was so bummed, I opened the box and it is all dry and was a depressed, pathetic little cinnabon.  It was so fun eating it, I almsot had to force it down my throat it was so dry! 

Next time, I am going to go to Ikea to get a cinnamon roll where it is huge, only costs $1.. warm, ooey gooey with icing and loaded calories and is like Christmas morning in my mouth..
Customer service is dead here. The food is good but they emailed me a coupon which I printed off for myself and my coworker. They denied me because my coworker had used one on her transaction. Their management couldn't bridge the gap or make it all work. They were willing to risk losing customer goodwill for the sake of a couple of dollars on a coupon they issued. People have told me coupons are a shady business, I wish I hadn't signed up for their crappy mailers or walked in that day.
I was so grossed out eating here! The entire place was dirty... They're doing some remodeling, but no excuse! The drink area was gross, most of the tables were dirty, the cashier obviously hates her job... I very rarely write a bad review but I wanted someone else to be warned before they come to this restaurant!! They need someone from corporate to come evaluate it and clean it up! Even the bathroom was worse than a ghetto gas station. I will not be returning to this location.
Food does not taste good... has a plastic aftertaste, overpriced.
Had a craving for Schlotzsky's today so went.  Jentyl was the cashier and was super friendly and was able to offer suggestions which I ended up getting for the hubby, I always get get the original on sourdough.  They got new the new drink machine that makes an exorbitant amount of combinations.
The cinnabon looked okay and I was going to get one but they didn't look $3.49 appetizing. 

And the  one thing I absolutely hate about this place...the smell when you walk in.  It always smells like the sewer backed up when you first enter, have never been in the bathroom.
First time at Schlotzsky's, not too bad!  Service could've been better, for sure. My order taker/cashier didn't know how to run the register, which is bad during the lunch rush. He had to call for help, even tho I ordered a standard item off the menu. 

I got the Bacon Beefy Smoky Cheesy sandwich and a drink. Nothing too tough, right? Took about 8 minutes to input it-I nearly walked out. 

Glad I didn't tho cuz the BBSC is tasty!  Very juicy roast beef and bacon on your choice of bun with smoked cheddar cheese and chipotle mayo. I got the jalapeo cheddar bun. 

I will try it again when I have more time and patience.
I haven't been to a Schlotzsky's in a long time. I went because I was watching old episodes of Undercover Boss and caught the episode on Cinnabon. Since I saw there was a Cinnabon in this Schlotzsky's, and it was close to my home, I felt a hankering for a cinnamon roll and maybe a sandwich.

The girl today at the register was very pleasant. I ordered and went to restroom while my food was being made. When I came back, I was expecting to find a seat and then come up to the counter to get my food. (It was slow at the time I came to eat.) Instead, I saw the girl at the register had set my food at a table near the window, ready to eat. Since I hadn't ordered a drink, she gave me a cup for water. I didn't even ask for one, but realized it was needed when it came to the cinnamon roll because of the sweetness.

I thought the whole experience was a nice gesture of hospitality. I don't think that I have seen many restaurants similar to this one that went the extra mile like this. I should have got the girl's name, she was wonderful.
Absolute baffoonery! The competence of the staff makes me want to reverse my stance in support of a better wage for fast food workers. It took about 15 minutes to get my to go order. Then, it was wrong, so it took another 10 of waiting to get the correct order. Basically that was the case for the people before and after me. I feel super lame for taking the time to write a bad review for a fast-food joint, when a lot of people are starving to death and much bigger issues face humanity, but holy shit - if I was starving, I would probably rather eat my own baby than go back to this Schlotsky's again. 

(*fyi, I would never seriously eat my own baby. In fact, I wouldn't eat anyone's baby.)

P.S. The food wasn't terrible. But I'll probably need a few months of therapy to restore my faith in humanity's ability to follow simple instruction.
Broccoli cheddar soup is to die for ! Albuquerque sandwich is the best,  clean restaurant and they just upgraded the soda machines
Had more the 25 minutes left before they close, and right off the top was told to take out instead of sitting, I am posting this, so the owners know what there employees r doing
I came here for the Cinnabon because it would appear I can get some of my favorite rolls outside of the mall finally. Being a previous Cinnabon employee, I know what a REAL cinnamon roll from Cinnabon tastes like and what to expect in the perfect roll. Sadly, the rolls here were just par-rated. I guess I expect too much from Cinnabon now, but I really wish Schlotzsky's would hire employees solely for the Cinnabon side of them so I know for certain they are made with as much love as necessary.
Came here about 20 minutes from closing. The guy who took our order couldn't have been nicer. You'd think we were the first customers in the day; friendly, made a great sandwich (love the French Bread they use) The restaurant was spotless, btw. Keep up the good work!
I have loved Schlotsky's since first discovering them in Bloomington, Illinois. This particular location in Tempe being connected to a Cinnabon is like a wonderful mix of greatness. A little sweet with your sourdough. :) For a chain restaurant, they are unique and my top choice when really craving a deli sandwich. (Which currently being pregnant, I have craved quite regularly!!!) Subway, Jimmy John's and Quizno's all take a backseat to Schlotsky's, in my humble opinion. I just wish there were more of them. Haven't found any where I live now in Washington, so it was a must to hit up this Schlotsky's while in Tempe on business. Today was my second visit in a week and likely not my last as I'm still here another week. Original and Smoked Turkey Breast, both on sourdough, are my go-to's and never disappointed. Also, both visits in Tempe were made through drive thru - service was very fast, friendly, and my order was exactly as I expected.
Great sub shop. Staff are great fun and they are like sandwich artist. Fast,friendly, cheap,and ohhh so much better than subway.
Clean,fast,good service, nice place,great sammich,
i love me some blimpies. this location is especially fast, clean, and super friendly.

unfortunately, i went to get my blimpie's on (that didn't come out right) but found a really sad notice taped to the window and the doors locked. apparently the rent hasn't been paid in a while and the landlord has repossessed the place. so for now, no more blimpies. hope they get it together and open the doors again
Yummy subs at a good price. The former owners were jerks and would always skimp on the food. The new owners and their employees are friendly, fast, and hook it up.
Located NE corner of Thunderbird & 59th avenue, attached to the Starbucks.  Einsteins is fairly consistent for a good variety of bagel & bagel sandwiches, and as they say... "darn good coffee".  Fresh squeezed orange juice is good as well, and I don't mind the hefty price tag now that everyone is charging $3 for OJ even if it's from concentrate.  Prices aren't bad but the lines can be long during the morning, especially on weekends.
I love this location because it's right on my way to work... I had a breakfast sandwich here once that I wasn't too fond of  so now I just get the regular bagels - the spinach florentine is my fave. 

The lines can get kind of long here in the morning, but the staff so far has done a good job not making everyone wait too long. Nothing worse than having employees who don't give a rat's ass, so I'm glad it's not the case here. In fact, everyone has been really nice here always saying good morning and smiling...at least every time I've been here.
Hot bagel, shmatbagel, Their plain bagels have nothing on these. Asiago cheese is my fav but all are so nice and chewy and this is from someone who makes their own bagels for fun and lived in NYC for a bit. Their honey almond cream cheese inspired many "at home mixes" to replicate. Nothing can match the delicious whipped goodness. Also a fan of the strawberry, blueberry, well pretty much all the cream cheeses and bagels. If they weren't so delicious I would be a little more embarrased I ate 2 and 1/2 at a volunteer brunch yestaurday!
Einstein's is ok.  The food is kinda bland... Not much you can do with an unseasoned, microwaved egg thrown on a bagel served scalding hot. Their coffee and bagels are excellent.  Don't get hooked on a specific bagel for too long or it tends to disappear (Onion and Pretzel).  

I always go to this location on the weekends--It's always busy.  When it gets busy, the staff responses tend to be terse and they seem grouchy.
I've been a big fan of Einsteins for a long time.  This is my first time at this location.  I always order a peanut butter schmear bagel, twice toasted.  Usually the places never understand what that means, and it's never right.

They got it right.

I ordered my bagal and literally watched her toast my bagel twice.  Mind you, she had about 10 other orders going on, but I saw her do it.  I was a happy camper.

That alone made this trip worth the 4 stars.  Why not 5?  Because holy crap, this place is busy on a weekend morning.  From walking in til I got my bagal, it was a good 15minutes.  Good thing the food is good.

if I could recommend one thing to them. Please empty your trash cans outside. People couldn't throw anything away because they were overflowing...
Einstein's served stale bread on my tuna sandwich today!  Twice!  

When I told the server the bread on my tuna sandwich was stale she said that's because you didn't have it toasted.  Huh?  So it was my fault?  She offered to microwave some new slices.  Same deal, bread was still too stale to bite through the crust.  I left a lot on my plate.  

Store was too busy for me to wait to talk/argue with someone again. They just would not acknowledge their stale bread.  Bad customer service - I will not go back to this Einstein's.
I hit Einstein's on my way back to Jenni's.  I couldn't resist their deal- a dozen bagels with two tubs of cream cheese. There were a lot of people at her house anyways. We were all getting ready for Jenni's wedding. I hadn't had their bagels in a very long time and was looking forward to it. In between pictures I ripped up my bagel, smothered it with cream cheese, and stuffed it into my mouth. It was soft, fresh, and creamy.  

Oh, how I missed you Einstein.
It's bagels, can't really mess them up.  The sandwiches are pretty good as well, what I do not like about this location is the terrible customer service! The staff is very rude and impatient, I know that it gets crazy busy in there but take a breath and handle your customers in the correct manner!!! This one is less than 5 minutes from my home, but I'll use that gas to go to a location with better staff.
For the second time in about a week I slept in and needed to find something to eat on the way.  Last time I got a donut and a bagel someplace else and was disappointed in the bagel.  I had not been in this Einsteins in over 10 years.  Not much has changed, a few more menu items.  I got an onion bagel with salmon schmear.  Much better!  These may not be the best bagels in the valley but are as good as it gets for this neighborhood.
This is a great place to get bagels or breakfast sandwiches or even regular sandwiches. The bagels are fresh and tasty. 

We love walking here on a Saturday morning and sitting outside. Its nice to have a restaurant that you can walk too even though its a little far.

I really love to get the dozen bagels with schmear to bring to events. I love how the bagel box has a place to carry the schmear. Its cute and clever.

I love their pumpkin bagel in the fall. When I was pregnant, all I wanted was pumpkin and this with their honey nut cream cheese was divine! Oh I wish it was fall.
Service is quick, not much to complain about. However, the wifi is weak, so if you're a student, look elsewhere!
I was in this place this morning and had to write a review despite not going very often because I was so pleased with my experience. I only go about every 6 months because its next to my dentists office so therefor its reasonable they have new management or staff every few times. 

This time i'm pretty sure the entire staff was new, it was very busy for breakfast but quickly died down because they had a really nice system going where they were able to take orders and prepare them in a timely fashion.

However I was especially pleased with the graciousness of all the employees, every one I encountered from the man who took my order to the lady who prepared my food and the man who rang me out was very friendly. All of them asked how I was doing and wished me a Happy Thanksgiving. Its that small amount of human interaction with genuine people that make for a great establishment. 

Lastly as always my food was great, the bagels never disappoint.
Bagels and coffee, it's my thing! But good service is super important to me and when I get exceptional service I frankly want to tell everyone I know! Einstein's of course has decent bagels, breakfast sandwiches etc... This particular location is even adjacent to a Starbucks (like I said, coffee and bagels.... it's my thing)! But what really has me stoked is the service here, Manager Tom really made my day with his dashing personality! It's always nice when employees actually seem like they don't mind working or gasp! even possibly enjoy their job! 
So thanks Tom for making my Einstein Bros Bagel trip a memorable experience!
I walked in this morning and the manager greeted me with a "Goooooood morning!" Very cheery to be there. Everyone was very friendly. Also, I was barefoot, so it seems to be barefoot friendly :)
The service was friendly, helpful, and the food and drinks were perfect. Cathy was extremely helpful with menu navigation. I will definitely visit again soon:]
Always love Einstein's for a place to crash for a bit when I need AC and wi-fi. The drinks and bagels are yummy. This was fairly busy on a Sunday morning but service was fast and friendly and everything tasted good.
My few experiences at this company's bagel place has been bad, the only reason I like it is because their breakfast choices. I highly recommend Brueggers Bagels, love the Rio Grande Turkey sausage wrap. I had salmon bagel and it was a little soggy.
First, it was called Samueli's, the Samuel's. Now Weiss. The name has changed, and the food has gone from excellent to horrible, back to excellent again...you never know what it will be called next. But as of right now, the food at Weiss is awesome. I used to love going to breakfast with my grandfather here, now I thoroughly enjoy a solo breakfast on the patio (when the weather permits) to cure a hangover. I can sit outside and read the paper and sip my tea without too many distractions or noise. It is across the street from the GV library, and in a pretty quiet shopping center. The only time it is really too busy for this is Sundays for brunch. I love the lunch menu too, it reminds me of a Boston deli with corned beef and matzoh ball soup (excellent, by the way) Green Valley lacked breakfast joints for so long, that even though they are popping up a bit now, my loyalties remain with Samueli's, Samuel's, Weiss...whatever it may be called.
Nice busy little Jewish breakfast/brunch joint owned by a family from New Jersey.

I've been here several times with a big fan of Weiss'. My friend loves everything...especially the mash. I was disappointed in the latke, and tried other things that were not memorable. 

If you're craving traditional Jewish food while in Vegas, come here. If not, hit IHOP.

Closed Christmas Day.  ?
Used to go when it was Samuels. LOVED it! They knew me, my family, my names - this was quite common and the place was always busy! Then the Weiss family came in. The menu changed a bit but the food quality is still SO good! Matzah Ball soup fans, this is the place! Great chopped liver, whitefish salad, omlets, challah bread - everything is so good! The downside? The service is VERY inconsistent. The staff will tell you (by talking loudly to eachother) when they feel overwhelmed or too busy or if a customer is annoying them. But we've also have GREAT service on occassion. The food/bakery is good enough to keep us coming back, but we are always apprehensive about the service level, each and every time.
For the food I would have to give 5 stars.

The only problem is the shaky service.  If you to during lunch rush except very bad service.  Not sure why they can't hire another part time server.

There have been times that we almost had to leave because of the bad service.

I have to admit that I keep coming back for the matzoh ball soup!
This is a cute joint that reminds me of the Bagel Shop back home.  HUGE breakfast and lunch menus with lots of options.  I have been here quite a few times.  My grandma was ill and came two days in a row for the matzah ball soup.

LOVE the corned beef hash...it is sooo heart-stopping good.  They have a first plate special (specials change daily) sometimes with the hash, cheese, chive hollandaise and poached egg....the Nova Scotia Florentine is awesome (like eggs benedict but with nova and spinach instead!).

They have great, huge sandwiches.  I am a fan of tongue on challah.  I have also had the remington (open faced roast beef with horseradish).  Sides come with everything - fruit, home fries, or other salady stuff.  Service has been decent.  

Also - Dr. Brown's soda in Glass Bottles!!!  Black cherry is my favorite.  The pickles are also delicious and you get a bowl for the table at lunch time.
hands down best bagels (in the world?)
For lunch my wife ordered a cup of chicken noodle soup and I requested my first ever matzo ball soup.  Same soup, but my matzo ball acted like a sponge without any noticeable benefit.
Excellent food. 
Bad Service. 
Now you know.
Best bagel I've had outside of New York. Better than any place I've been able to find in San Francisco or Los Angeles. I'm surprised it's not better known.
The bagel is just a great combination of flavors plus the bagel has that combination of spongy and chewiness that you get in New York. 
I also got their hash with eggs for breakfast. Excellent hash they make themselves. The only partof the meal I didn't like was the potatoes.
My service was fine, but I came during breakfast when they weren't busy.
I don't know that people want a Goy to tell them what a good Jewish bagel is, but this was noteworthy food.
This is a very popular diner with families and the geriatric crowd. From this, you might correctly infer  that  "daring" is not what this place is about. But this is Jewish home-cookin' with all the good and bad that this implies.

The various bagel and lox plates are wonderful.
The latkes are just what they should be, and are served with both sour cream and apple sauce. 
The omelets are huge but often kinda dull and dry.

The blintzes were the only item that I've received that I thought were a bit on the small side. But they were so rich and yummy that I was not disappointed in the end.

So, if you like Jewish soul food (and maybe a bit of bacon on the side) this is worth a try. ...and on your way out, grab a slab of noodle kugel for later.

It couldn't hurt.
This restaurant is a local mom and pop with good 'ol home cooking.  I ordered the eggs nova scotia which was filling.  The combination of eggs, salmon, cream cheese, and dill was great in this dish.  The "everything" bagel was fresh and when I asked for extra cream cheese the serving was enough to lay on a thick coat.  I've also had one of their gigantic sandwiches and the pickled tomato was tasteful.
This place is great but I've gotta break it down. 

They make most things "in-house" including the breads 
The portions are huge 
The prices are fair 
The taste is great ( we had the Ruben and chicken salad sandwiches) 

Now I'm going to explain a few things so you can decide if this place is for you. 
The decor is minimal and functional. Its the combo of an east coast Deli and Diner. I don't think you would like it if you're into "ambiance", but we loved it because it was just like back home. 
Also when I say east coast deli , I don't mean the overpriced , over rated ones that you can sometimes find in Manhattan. I'm talking about the ones where the neighborhood goes for lunch and morning coffee with a bagel. 
Now on to the food. 
The rye is amazing and the corned beef was out of this world. 
The chicken salad was like east coast chicken salad, where the chicken is almost puree and the ingredients seem equal in amounts combined. Most places on the west coast have chicken salad with big chunks of chicken and less of the other ingredients. I think both types are great, it just depends what you like. 
The potato salad was close to east coast potato salad (once again I say it so you can get what I mean, not because I just like saying east coast ). There are no bits of egg in it and it has an underlying flavor of vinegar. I added a little salt & pepper to spice it up, it could be considered bland. It's also made mostly with whipped mashed and some small chunks of potato.
The fries were fresh and hot. 
Now on to the service, which I see has had the most disputed accounts on yelp.
When we arrivedt it was around lunch time and the sign said "please seat yourself" so we did. The bus boy came quickly to take our drink order. The waitress came several times to see if we were ready to order, which could be misconstrued for "rushing you" depending on how sensitive you are. The food came within 10 minutes and we were pleasantly surprised with the portions (as I said previously). The waitress wasn't very engaging at first , but after our food came, she checked on us several times. As we commented on what we liked she told us more about how the food is made and the owners. She was very pleasant. 
As we were eating we could hear some employees discuss an issue regarding duties and other employees.
Now if you are like most people you would find this inappropriate, but for us it felt like home.
In any NY deli on any given day you can find the employees discussing everything from their after work plans to their cousin's bypass surgery while they take your order and make your food.
I mean really have you met an "East Coaster" that hasn't tried to tell you their life story? 
So now that you know,  you can decided for yourself.
As for us it was definitely "East Coast Official" and our new favorite place
My brother and his wife recommended this place when I mentioned that I had wanted to hit New York New York for their
Pastrami on rye...the best.
We'll I've found something better!!
Everything was homemade from the Jewish rye to the Russian dressing. Their menu is extensive and everyone at our table loved their food. And yes, the service was just fine. It wasn't rush hour lunch but where is service great at 12:15?
I always liked weiss, when I found a hair in the butter the size of my waste, I said that's it! It is a turn off to see something like that in your food. Even though I told my wife about it she does not care she loves this place,but me, where it use to take me 5 mins to eat, now takes me 2 hrs because I am looking for another belt for my waist.
I'm picky ok and when it comes to pastrami on rye, i'm pickier.

Everything about my sandwich was spot on.

The deli might as well be some deck chairs in the middle of a parking lot on a 150 degree day, I wouldn't care, they'd still get 5 stars for that sandwich.
Every Sunday we visit the BF's father and have a barbecue at his house which is close to Weiss Restaurant.  On the way, we stop by at Weiss to get a pint of potato salad, which is so delicious and deserves 5 stars! 

I can't wait to try other items like Pastrami on Rye!
This place is like being home. It is the first place i have been able to get a good knish and rueben sandwich since I left Brooklyn. Worth the trip. Good friendly, but not annoying, staff. Seems like a good old school east coast deli.
I ate here again for omelets. My personal favorite is the Brentwood which is open faced with broccoli, swiss, bacon, and more. Very good. A nice heaping of toppings paired with the perfect amount of eggs. The omelets come with your choice of bagel, fruit or toast.

But this is the place to do FRENCH TOAST. If I wasn't cutting carbs, I would order french toast every time.
One of my favorite places to eat when I'm in Vegas! I love the reuben, especially how it's packed with corned beef, light on the cheese, and kraut. The portions are big, and I never skip on ordering the Matzo ball soup. Nice, casual place to eat.
Far away from New York and tucked in a strip mall in suburban nevada is a pretty fantastic jewish deli. My meal "half" a reuben and some matzo ball soup were pretty great. I'm only really knocking off a star because I thought the soup was undersalted and a little oily (though other than that it's how my grandma makes it).

Don't worry that a half reuben won't satiate your rumbling belly. Their half reuben is still bigger than a whole one anywhere else. It's a pretty solid showing, though If you, like me are a fan of katz's deli sometimes you don't need a ton of cheese to make a point
Over this summer, I hit Weiss Deli 4 times.  Prior to Weiss, Harrie's was my go-to Jewish Deli ( at least in vegas ) mainly because it was so close to my office.  Now, I'll take the extra 1/2 hour to hit Weiss instead - this place rocks !  I've tried the breakfasts, the deli sammies, the soups , the cookies, it's all good with me ! 

pic added
Went to Weiss Restaurant for breakfast.  It's about 20 min drive away from the Strip in the town of Henderson NV.  Afterwards go to Ethel M if you're interested since it's only another 5-10min drive away.

It's an old style restaurant that's pretty popular now since Chowhounds mentions they have the best bagel outside NY in Vegas.  B. didn't like the booth sinks too deep he said, so we got a 4-top table.

I got:
Poppy seed bagel w/ cream cheese $2.75.  I wanted sesame but they ran out.  I asked for it toasted & it was.  Cream cheese was on the side.

B. got regular bagel w/ lox & cream cheese $5.25.  That's cream cheese w/ pieces of lox mixed in.  I liked it better.

2 scrambled eggs $1.75 - we shared, fine. 

Corned beef hash $4.95 - housemade.  I liked it, but found it salty.

OJ $2.25 - not freshly squeezed, B. got it.

Coffee $1.95 - they refill it free.

Our total $18.90 + $1.53 tax = $20.43 before tip.  Separate bathrooms available.  Credit cards allowed.

They have a little deli section & bakery too.  Didn't buy anything there.
The owner here is really passionate about homemade Jewish deli. Last visit, I orders the Ceily's Stack, sans cheese. It's brisket sandwiched between two giant latkes, smothered in brown gravy. Mmmm. This place has the best challah in town, surpassing even the venerable Bagel Cafe. However, I must say I like Bagel Cafe's matzo ball soup and hamantaschen better. The hamantaschen at Bagel Cafe are of the softer variety and have a nice lemon zest in the very flavorful dough. I know Weiss receives laudits for the matzo ball soup, but I found it didn't have quite the garlic kick I desired. The corned beef hash here is superb as is the smoked whitefish, which I find much more satisfying than Bagel Cafe's chunkier variety.
You must have their blueberry danish, which is out of this world. It has a delectable cheese and a compote-like filling which is amazing.
On my last visit, I was a little surprised that they seemed to have changed the menu, as they axed much of their traditional Jewish dinner entree fare. Disappointing :(.
As a 45 year veteran of New York City who just moved to Las  Vegas, let me start by saying Weiss' Deli is authentic and delicious. We tried the Matzoh Ball soup, a Corned Beef and Pastrami sandwich, a scoop of Whitefish Salad and we had some Pickles and Pickled tomatoes. 
The Matzoh Ball soup was better than most I have had in New York and as good as the best I have had. The Whitefish salad was excellent, nice and smoky, and a big portion as well. The Pastrami and Corned Beef were very good, not quite as good as New Yorks very best, but good enough to go back for. The pickles were very good as well. All that and fries for 35 dollars including tip with portions big enough that we could not finish half (the rest went home with us). Also, the fries that came as a side to the sandwich. They were fresh, crunchy, and a big portion as well.
The decor was minimal at best, the staff was courteous and attentive, and we are looking forward to going back to try what is supposed to be the best challah and bagel in the Las Vegas Valley.
Also the Rye Bread was home made fresh and better than any in New York.
Weiss Deli has rapidly become one of my favorite places to eat, whether for breakfast or lunch.  I love their chicken soup, it reminds me of home!  The bagels are just like you would find in NYC, made with substance if you know what I mean, not full of air, but definitely delicious.  I have never had a bad meal there.  The service is just okay and you do need to get there before the rush, otherwise you'll have to wait to be seated.
I get really bent when ppl whine about the ambiance of this type of place. It's an old ass well worn deli. That IS the ambiance!!! You don't go to Picasso (mmm.....lol) for a bagel! Ok..had to be said, so here we go:

The matzoh ball soup is really a 2 star to me, my girls (who'll do their own review) would prob say 3. It does have a chicken flavor that doesn't taste of chix base, I'll give it that, but it is definitely not cooked down enough (i.e. watery) and has neither enough veg or herbs for my taste. I agree with the yelpers who say Bagel Cage's is better. A good chicken broth must be rich in celery, onion and carrot flavors as well as chicken. Matzoh ball was a bit mealy too...

Now, moving on to the yum portion of the review! The lox platter was divine. The bagel crisp/chewy, the lox firm and fresh, and all the bells and whistles were perfect. (their capers were different than any I've tasted...almost boozy??? dunno...I liked 'em!)

The whitefish salad was soooo good! One child did not like it, but the other loved it and so did I. Finely minced, perfectly smoked and seasoned, the kid and I devoured it with their crispy, delicious bagel chips. We were glad kid #2 didn't like it! I also agree with the yelpers who prefer Weiss' whitefish salad over Bagel Cafe's.

The service was pretty good. We were checked on often, just never with coffee pot in hand. I had to flag for my refills, but the coffee was very good.

We've also had their corned beef hash, and loved it.

Over all, with the exception of the matzoh ball soup, I highly recommend this place...complete with it's comfy old booths and tables.
My favorite Jewish deli in town! Great corned beef on rye. They even have kishka! OMG this is the best deli in town! I try and get there before the lunch crowd which starts at about 11:30. They have really tasty pickles, my mom and daughter like the sour pickles and I prefer the other ones...they are crunchier. Everything looks so good here that I am often tempted to order something other than my usual hot corned beef on rye...yummm so delicious! Also do yourself a favor...dont order the corned
beef lean, it needs just a little bit of fat to give it that perfect flavor you love so much!!  The potato salad here is the best on earth! I am not a fan of potato salad usually but at Weiss deli, I order an extra helping every time I come!! Its That Good!!   They also have a take out section which carrys tasty kakes...my husbands favorite brand of snack cake. 
Treat yourself to some delicious food ... and some huge portions !!
I love it.
You may want to get the 1/2 sandwich and soup because these sandwiches are huge!!!  Great quality food.
A Pagan and a priest walk into a jewish deli... Not the beginning of a bad joke but my first entrance into Weiss.  

After living in Hong Kong for the past 14 years a proper jewish deli was something I missed dreadfully so now onto the review.

Upon walking in with my buddy the priest, I noticed this was the old Samueli's deli.  So having gone there a bit during my university days I was quite pleased.  Then I noticed it was even better than samueli's.

Hot Turkey open faced sandwich to die for, latkas to die for, bread pudding is so huge you take half home. Actually everything so huge you take leftovers.  I have been going about once a month and I havent had anything bad.  The partially cured pickles are great also. Matzo ball soup is also good.

Everybody walking in acts like a kid on their way to Disneyland.

Service is friendly.  New york diner ambience, not a bad word to say about the place other than I wish they had a nap room in the back after I eat there.
Not unlike my weird yucca craving that led me to Havana just to order that one day, I had a strong desire for tongue meat last week and just could not wait any longer.  I was nearby since I avoided the tunnel and took surface streets, and decided to see if Weiss sold their meats by the pound rather than ordering a sandwich.  Sure enough, they do!  They sell everything: corned beef, pastrami, tongue, smoked salmon, etc - you name it.  

I got 1/3 lb tongue sliced, and then I decided to order a beautiful small challah.  They slice it for free, but I kept it whole so we could rip it.  I ended up eating a few slices of tongue on the drive home, then made a small sandwich for a pre-dinner snack, and then had another one for breakfast the next day.  It tastes like childhood!  I look forward to going back for more meat or a meal soon!
I love this deli. I've been going there for almost two years now. Started off with fewer than once-per quarter visits but over time, I can't get enough! From the Mother of Hash to the simple pancake breakfast, to the huge sandwiches and straight up coffee, this place just rocks it. Every time. 
I've also started getting my sliced meats, cheeses and fresh breads from Weiss, as well.
Service in the dining room can be slower so don't go there in a rush. I've come to adore the character and care of the staff once I understood it's not a fast-in, fast-out joint. If you want quality, you come here. Speed, go elsewhere.
I love you Weiss Deli.
Can I make a legit review of a Jewish deli AND not be partial to the signature Jewish deli staple the bagel? Yes, yes I can. I don't hate bagels. But I don't love them either. What I do love is matzo ball soup and Weiss serves it up in king kong sized portions that has flavor to match.

Matzo ball soup is one of those dishes that is so incredibly simple yet easy to screw up. Weiss' version has the perfect balance of chicken broth, chunks of chicken, celery and carrots, noodles and of course the matzo. It's served with bagel chips and the "smaller" size is enough to tie you over for several hours. On my last visit I got the half-sandwich and soup combo and the half-sandwich was a little overwhelming, but I certainly got my money's worth! I had the corned beef which was great on rye-not too salty and not dry which is often a terrible fault of sandwich places.

The decor is nothing to look at and likely hasn't been updated since opening, but I don't come for that. The people watching here is great! I know that shouldn't factor into my rating, but sometimes that's half the fun in dining out. Weiss' always has an eclectic group of diners and is a place where you can dine solo without feeling weird about it.

My only hang up with Weiss is the customer service which rivals that of a Wendy's. If you're lucky enough to make eye contact with one of the several pre-pubescent waiters in training upon arriving, make a bee-line for them and indicate that you would like to be seated or else they will make the assumption that you just came to hang out in the front and read the daily specials menu.  Speedy service isn't their trademark, but for the most part the staff is very friendly.

Weiss' is a nice place to have a good for your soul meal that will fill you up without emptying your wallet.
On most Sunday mornings, you can find me at Weiss. I am crazy for this place. The food is outstanding whether you eat here for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. They have everything, from omlettes, homemade bagels, lox,  the best matzo ball soup, chicken noodle soup, patty melts, etc. When the special says 'Chili' order the chili, it is fantastic!  Weiss is a Las Vegas/Henderson treasure!
I have eaten here for years, sometimes with just a few people, other times with a large group and they have always been accommodating. The food is excellent! Breakfast, lunch or dinner you can't go wrong, although breakfast/lunch are my favorites. Good food, large portion size. Very reasonable price. The outside dining area is a great place to enjoy breakfast! 

My only complaint: The weekends can get busy, especially in the morning at which point the service isn't as good.
Very good Jewish deli and bakery. Pastrami and corned beef sandwiches are delicious. Matzo ball soup is very good. Knishes and bagels and pastries are excellent. Best Jewish deli around!!
How cool to stumble on such a cool little deli in Vegas. 

Just got off the plane, "starving". This Deli was a life saver and it felt like home the first step in to the door.

Service was great and the portions were huge. While the group I was with are not big eater, we did put a mighty dent into the meals.

Walked away deeply satisfied.
We've been having breakfast at Weiss for many years and it is still our favorite. Others come and go but they are strong in the heart of Henderson. 

My favorite is the Yalim Omelet and Sesame Bagels. My brother loves their Lox and bagels with capers cream cheese and all that good stuff. 

Everyone makes you feel right at home!
Went here for lunch today.  Matzoh soup and a Reuben.....very good indeed!  Waitress rides a 55 Panhead, of which I was envious...

The rest of the menu looked good, I look forward to visiting again!
I had the traditional corned beef on rye (whole) and my son had a tuna melt. He enjoyed his sandwich which was served open face and smothered with cheese. Both entrees were huge and should have been shared. My sandwich was dry and tasteless. Anticipating this possibility I ordered a side of slaw. Sometimes a great cole slaw can really help a dry corned beef sandwich and elevate it to an outstanding meal. Not the case at Weiss's. Their slaw was absolutely tasteless too - basically watered down mayonaise as the dressing - and horrible mayo at that. Very disappointing. 

We had high hopes as we wanted to try a non-strip deli (beyond Canters and Carnegie) and hoping for a great find. I was disappointed. The prices are lower than on the strip, so I didn't feel absolutely ripped off.
NOTE** The Yelp map location is wrong.  Weiss Deli is in the shopping center on the South East Corner of Sunset and Green Valley, NOT the North East Corner.

After trying all the famous delis (Carnegie, Stage, Canter's, etc...) in the big Casinos and noticing they are all a shadow of the originals that I love, I set out to find a real deli in Las Vegas.  Delis are best when they are being run by deli people.  And that's the problem with the casinos.  They are being run by people that don't know the difference between deli mustard and Dijon.  I'm dead serious, I once had someone at the Carnegie argue with me that grey poupon was a brown deli mustard, and my only choices were yellow and Dijon.  If they pulled that at the original Carnegie in New York , there would be a riot.  So although it's a little off the beat and path from the strip, Weiss Deli is well worth the trip.  Only in business since 2006, Owner Michael Weiss is using his Grandma's recipes.  Which explains why Weiss' tastes like it's been around for 60 years.  

As I always do when trying a new deli, I went with pastrami on rye.  This is the best pastrami you'll get in Las Vegas folks.  Sure the Carnegie is starting off with a great product, but I've had it tough, cold, and sometimes they get lucky and make it right.  But from the first bite of this sandwich, I knew they were serious about how to prepare pastrami.  It was piping hot, it was perfectly steamed, it had plenty of fat on it (which adds to the flavor).  Even though it was my only time eating here, I can almost guarantee it's great every time.  The guy cures his own pastrami, enough said.  The flavor was perfect and while I might prefer Langer's in LA just a little better, this is a good 2nd.  Every bite of that sandwich was a joy to eat.  Also we need to talk about one of the most impressive rye breads that I've ever seen.  Each slice of rye is about 8 inches high and 10 inches wide.  Freshly baked on site, I'd love to see a whole loaf of that rye.  It had a nice crunchy crust, but with a rye bread that large, even with a huge pile of meat in it, the crust was almost a picture frame surrounding the delicious soft seeded rye.  Served with National Deli Mustard, I can't wait to enjoy this sandwich again.  Also not to be missed was the side of potato salad (which I couldn't keep my wife from eating - I think I only had like 2 bites of it before she claimed it as her own).  It's almost like a mashed potato salad since the potatoes are so soft and mashed together with egg and mayo.  It reminded me of the flavor of the famous Rascal House Potato Salad, and that's the highest compliment I can pay it.

The wife had "The Remington".  It was hot roast beef, melted swiss & cheddar jack, grilled onions, on grilled rye bread.  It was supposed to come with horseradish sauce, but she isn't a fan of that, so we went with a side of brown gravy to dip it in.  Excellent sandwich.  They messed up a little bit, since we ordered it open face (which is usually how it comes) but it was still good as a sandwich.  The roast beef was very tasty and their brown gravy outstanding.  Her side of french fries were pretty boring however, but so what, the sandwich is so large, you don't need them.  Each sandwich was served with a half a pickle and half a pickled tomato.  I wouldn't be surprised if they pickled them on site.

I also tried a combo appetizer of chopped liver and white fish salad.  What a great idea to be able to get a scoop of each right next to each other.  I was surprised it was only served on a large lettuce leaf with a black olive and a pickle spear.  It wasn't brought by our waitress, so when I asked her where all the veggies were, she was shocked that they sent it out like that.  So she rounded up some tomato and red onion.  I'm used to carrots, and cucumber, maybe bell peppers as well.  The presentation wasn't very good, but since it got messed up, I'm not sure how it's supposed to look, or what's supposed to be on it.    I preferred the white fish salad to the chopped liver.  Excellent whitefish salad!  Not too salty, nice and smokey with plenty of mayo.  The chopped liver was just ok, but still better than most places.

And last but not least, the prices.  Only $10.95 for a huge Pastrami Sandwich.  I was shocked.  For that quality and size, that's $15 anywhere else.  And if you get one at a deli on the strip, maybe it will be $20. (Of course it will have even more meat than Weiss, but you'll most likely be throwing half of it away which is a shanda).
The Asian in me is drawn to the odd cuts of meat that Americans throw away as scraps. Due to this fact, I naturally gravitated to this Jewish deli. I love tongue and was even more enthusiastic when I saw their specials board. The offering of calves liver and onions ($15.95) caught my eye and I knew I had to get it. Liver has a strong flavor that can be off putting for most, but growing up with all these alternative cuts, I enjoyed it. The caramelized onions where sweet and contrasted well with the salty/peppery bacon. Add a brown gravy on top and the dish was tasty. If that was not enough food, it came with a choice of soup or side salad, veggies, and mashed or broiled potatoes. I am starting to think that the Jews and Asians share similar souls because of what we are willing to eat and the quantity given. Nothing that came out of the kitchen was skimpy or small. In fact, most things could probably be shared. Watching the monster sandwiches pass by made my friend question how someone could eat it without dislocating their jaw.

Sadly, this score is given for the lack of customer service. The busser did not look too please when we first entered and sat ourselves. After we asked for water, refills did not come often. After a few rounds, he got the hint and topped off our glasses. The server took our orders, delivered our food, and asked if we were ok in passing. When she wasn't doing one of these tasks, I did not see her.
Unlike most of the reviewers I actually had a pleasant experience with the staff. Yes, for the majority the staff is young but I didn't get the impression they were that bad. I also didn't actually eat in the restaurant but rather picked up from their small deli. I wouldn't really call it a 'deli' but they did have some really beautiful looking challah and breads. I picked up a large matzah ball soup because I had a hankering and I wouldn't say I was disappointed but I wasn't blown away either. Pretty basic...not overly flavorful and the matzah balls are a bit big for my liking. Also picked up a half a pound of rugelach - and they were pretty good!
They bill their BLT as "The Perfect BLT" and they aren't lying. Goes great with cole slaw.

But you MUST try the sweet-and-sour cabbage soup. It's one of the best soups I've ever had and comes with bagel chips.
Short and sweet:

Friendly, fast service. Small, slightly cramped space. However, it is clean, bright, and inviting. Also conducive to my niece making friends with the table next to us rather quickly.

Food Ups:

HUGE portions... and even that doesn't do it justice. You *will* have leftovers, and you will want them.

The brisket was amazing and tender and juicy and seasoned perfectly. The stuffed portabello was tender and meaty (texture) and fantastic and the spinach filling was fresh and just the right amount of bright and crisp. The corned beef reuben with homemade kraut was excellent. The chopped liver was so amazing I got some to go.

The chicken noodle soup was fabulous. Lots of chicken, veg, and flavor. Not overly salted and very, very well done. Home made and heartwarming, absolute bliss.

Food Downs:

The potato pancakes were too thick and just too large. Plate size, two of them came with the brisket and all but overpowered everything else. The FLAVOR was great... but I think we all wanted something a little smaller, maybe a little crisp?

The amount of cheese on the stuffed portabello could give even the healthiest patron a coronary. It detracted from the rest (see above) of the amazing dish. Cheese as a garnish, yay! As a gravy? Not so much.

A great meal, truly. Maybe a 3.5... but most of it was such an upside (with some of the amazing stuff to go!) that I had to round up. I will definitely be back for more.
10/29/11 BREAKFAST.

It greatly pains me to write this review, but here goes.

Many months ago friend Kathe took me here. She was hungry, I was not. So I had iced teas while she had a "Black Mountain", an eggs benedict with beef brisket instead of ham or such.

I tried her food. It was AMAZING. The brisket was a nice not-too-thin cut of beef, fatty and tasty. The poached eggs were perfect, runny inside. And that hollandaise was one of the best I had ever had. Unusual with the amount of lemon flavor, but that made it refreshing. A great plate of food.

TODAY I returned for the second and LAST time. I ordered the "Black Mountain". The brisket was paper thin and boring, except the fatty part. The eggs were overcooked, hard inside. The hollandaise was dull and thick, just not good at all. And my spouse, his words, had the worst omelet he has ever had in his entire life. In fact, at our table, no one really liked the food that much.

I don't know what has happened to this place, but now, sadly, it's off my list for good.

PS And the service? Well, I've read people having problems with service here, but it was half-filled with customers and the service was well-meaning and fine. A good tip was left.

PPS According to internet sources of various kinds, Weiss USED to be one of the 5 places in Vegas with the best hollandaise. Now only 4 remain:

1. Peppermill Restaurant & Fireside Lounge
2. the coffee shop @ Jerry's Nugget Casino
3. Bouchon @ Venetian
4. Verandah @ Four Seasons

Now, from that list, I've only been to the Peppermill, but not had the hollandaise. Guess I'll have to try it, next time, but I'm not a huge fan of the food there. I know nothing about Jerry's Nugget. Bouchon and Verandah have been on my "to do" list here since I arrived. I can believe Bouchon's hollandaise is great. And I hear the brunch @ Verandah, in general, is fantastic. Hopefully I'll get to all 4 soon.
As close as you will get to a NY deli in Vegas, everything is great and the portions are HUGE.  This place is hidden in the back corner of a shopping center so get the address before you head over...
I've been here a few times and each time I've tried something different and I have yet to be disappointed. Their traditional eggs benedict is quite tasty and even something simple as the hot dog with fries is yummy! Next time I visit I will have to try the matzo ball soup as I've heard it's out of this world. The hours are limited but it has the nice feel of a deli, quite New York-esque as I put it and for the price and friendly service, you can't beat it. I'm definitely a fan.
This is a great deli. I have been here lots of times and every time it is great food.This time I ordered the soup and sandwich combo.My honey had the pastrami on rye. The matzo ball soup is huge a cup is the size of a bowl! comes with bagel chips. And then i had the half  chicken salad sandwich on halah bread so good.The wait staff is a little lazy and unobservant, the hostess texting when she should be seating people.Food is 5 stars. for the two of us it cost 28$.
My husband and I have become regulars here over the last several months. I first want to say that I do agree with some of the posters here that the service/seating can be slow. However, everyone has always been kind and courteous. Perhaps with just a bit more efficiency with front of house - seating, busing, etc. - things could be streamlined a bit. However, the place does get busy and everyone is working hard. The food is outstanding here. I had been searching for a proper everything bagel, and the ones here are addictive! As vegetarians, my husband and I also appreciate that there are a number of dishes for us here. It is a great local place with a family feel.
Parking is terrible and location hidden in the corner. It gets better from there. Variety of food good. Fresh and good quality. Good portions are served and price is good for quality and quantity. Atmosphere is old deli style that everyone wants to be at. Food is good service is good. Worthy of repeats.
Almost drove right by... It's located in the back of a run down strip mall. Got nervous when we walked in and the place was empty (think it was around 3pm on a thurs) anyway decided to trust the good reviews and sat down to order. We both decided on a half sandwich and matzo ball soup combo. 8.95 for combo and 1.50 extra for matzo ball soup as opposed to the soup du jour. Holy shit! The portions were ginormous! The soup which I thought would be a cup was a big bowl served 
with bagel chips. The waiter reassured me this was the smaller size. Heh. The half sandwich was enough for 2 people! I had pastrami and he had corned beef. Both were piled a foot high between the biggest half slice of rye I have ever seen. Pastrami was sliced paper thin( just the way I like it) and soooo juicy and delish!  I didn't try the hubby's corned beef but he enjoyed it very much. Would definitely go on a reg basis if it was a little closer. Next time could easily share unless you want to take home leftovers.
Ordered chicken noodle soup on a cold day just like mama use to make. Then followed up with a half beef brisket sandwich on rye, meat was lean and seasoned to perfection. 
This place I'd always busy and locals know this secret spot in green valley.
Definately worth going for that new York busy deli feel.
The food is great, delicious baked challah bread, great matzo ball.soup. Had the chicken noodle soup and turkey sandwich,  delish and portions are amazing. However the service is so poor I will not be returning. 4 of the staff members were talking about how tired they were from partying the night before and it took them forever to take our order.  It was hard to get their attention. I even saw a couple of the staff members go to the back to talk and goof around. It was like the place was run by kids. Honestly the food is great but you will wait forever for a table and service, up to you :) happy meals!
This is a two for one review since we came here two consecutive weeks, once for breakfast and once for lunch.  
          For breakfast  I had the corn beef  hash with eggs and french toast.
      The corn beef was ground up and had some diced potato's in it. It was crispy and tasty, I prefer my corn beef a little chunkier but that's a personal preference.
       The french toast was a couple huge slices of challah bread it was solid nothing special to me, if it was Hawaiian bread instead of challah I would, Hallah! ( I know lame)  
      Our next visit for lunch , wife had the Clary a triple rye sandwich filled with pastrami, corn beef , Swiss cheese ,cole slaw and Russian dressing. This huge sandwich is a winner. 
           I had the Ceily's stack potato latkes stuffed with braised brisket , provolone, muenster cheese and covered in brown sauce. I would have liked more brown gravy but it was pretty good, anyway, I think if you like potato latkes you would love this dish , me not a big fan of the latkes but that's personal taste.
       Portions are huge, food tasty , I like this place alot.  Service was good 
   I
I have been here one before so this review is after my second visit.  First....food was good.  Simple presentation and the Leo (Lox eggs and onion scramble) was good but smaller portion for the price.   The waiter was very nice.  The owner on the other hand, was not.  I came with my dad, elderly.  From the same very small town the owner and his parents who co own it I am told, are also from ( in new jersey).  My dad was thrilled someone from his old hometown owned a business here and he looked it up and knows the mom.  When we got seated he asked the waiter if the owner was there, he wanted to say hello, he's from the same small town, knows his mom, who used to own the place.  The waiter was nice and said the owner was in and went to get him.  Waiter came back, asked my dads name, and left again.  Food came, drinks refilled, check paid, owner never comes out to say hi.  How disappointing.  I know that is not part of the restaurant experience but it reflects the attitude  of the owner  I read in some past reviews.  My dad was surprised and commented it's not like we expected a free meal, I just wanted to say hi.  Anyhow, based solely on that, we will not be back. There are other good Jewish delis in the Las Vegas area.  How sad that the owner could not have stepped out on a slow morning ( there were many empty tables when we were there this morning ) and said hello.  They lost a customer and most likely more as my dad is his hoa president in the area and people talk.  Hopefully the owner reads these reviews and acts accordingly in the future.
This place is a small little place stuck in the corner of the shopping center, you'd miss it if you didn't know where to look. 

There is limited seating and sometimes a wait.  But the wait is worth it.  This is a good place for breakfast or lunch.  The quality of food is fresh and plentiful.  I enjoyed my sandwich, it was huge, it had pastrami, corn beef, swiss cheese, cole slaw and russian dressing on rye bread.  It came with fries and a pickle.  I think it could be one of my favorite places for a good sandwich.
Picked up my mother in law for some breakfast and headed to Weiss Deli, she'd never been here so my husband and I was looking forward to her reaction.

No trouble getting a table, service was great and when the food arrived, my mother in law's jaw dropped open!  She had ordered the french toast with strawberries and whip cream.  She didn't know how big the order was!  The big pieces of bread were lightly breaded and very lightly crisped on the grill.  She of course couldn't finish it, so between my husband and myself, we helped.

I had the deli delight omelet, that has corn beef, brisket and swiss cheese melted on top with corn beef diced and sprinkled over the melted cheese.  It was delicious.  I really enjoyed my omelet and as always, very happy with service, food and atmosphere.
A great deli east coast style. Corned beef sandwich, chicken matzo ball soup and the beef brisket sandwich all amazing. By the way the picture of the soup on this page is their small. This is the best deli in the Vegas area period.
Yes the service is a little slow at times but this is the west coast and everything is slow.  If you moved here from the east get used to it.
After enjoying a fantastic bowl of kreplach soup at another Las Vegas location (see my reviews), decided to drive over to Henderson to try this place...I was here years ago when it was Samuels, I believe; inside the place has not changed, rather barren interior, the booths are vanilla.  Service was efficient without charm.  Zero charm, but they took my order, got my food.  Felt like I was ordering through a drive up.

Ordered a kosher salami sandwich, was $10.95, came with a pickle slice, half a dilled tomato, one black olive and a side (I got the cole slaw).  Plenty of meat, probably inch to inch and half thick.  Sandwich was good, cole slaw a yawner.

At 3:44 pm on a Friday, there were 5 of us in the restaurant.  

So was ok, average.  And as I sit here waiting for my check, thinking about that bowl of kreplach soup I had an hour ago at that other place... think I'd rather be there...more "authentic", more "jewish", more like home...

I mean after all, why else go to a "jewish" deli...?????
My food was just ok. Not exactly what I ordered. Asked for ham but got bacon. The service was very bad. I had to flag them down to fill up coffee and they acted as they were doing me a favor. But the coffee was good. I may give them another chance.
Brisket is often a hard meat to get right, but Weiss put a nice twist on my brisket sandwich. In NY, the brisket is often crumbly, dry and lean and excellent. In the Weiss version, it is still lean (on request), but it is braised which makes it a bit moister and delicious. It still needs 1000 island dressing, but was quite tasty.  I liked the fact that you can get 1/2 sandwich and soup ($1.25 extra for matzoh ball) if your not that hungry, but the sandwiches aren't as big as Carnegie. THe soup had its moments, but was not seasoned enough, but after tossing the dark meat out of the soup (a big No No), the soup was above average and matzoh ball was giant, but needed salt. 
Only negatives were my battle with the one fly in the place that was buzzing the back of the restaurant and no free cole slaw/pickles ala NY deli's. Rye bread was fresh too. Huge menu, so must go back and try other items including a rare sighting of an Egg Cream.
A real deli. massive sandwiches that taste so great. A true oasis for New york style deli lovers.
Went in for breakfast today and forgot to check in cuz I was so busy eating.

Got 2 eggs scrambled with egg beaters and they also offer egg white only for .95 extra. With country fried potatoes seasoned and they are extra tasty.
Also comes with any bagel and huge cup of cream cheese. All for 4.95 + .95 

Then it's mandatory to get a small bowl of the absolute BEST chicken noodle soup on the planet ( just don't say that to your mom ) but it rocks!
Service is pretty good but don't expect gourmet because it's a deli style place.
Always a good experience here. Food is always very good.
Super awesome!!  Home made everything.  Cole slaw good.  Potato salad good. Pastrami and corned beef good. Potato pancakes and brisket good.  Highly recommend.
Great! You'll eat until you hurt. We go out of our way to eat here each time we are in Vegas. Get Ruben and chicken noodle soup.
I did not expect this place to be a full service sit down restaurant. We showed up at noon on Sunday expecting to order a sandwich at a counter and look around at all the wonderful dessert items. Instead, we were instantly in the middle of a busy restaurant that offers a big selection of breakfast and lunch options. I don't think I have ever taken so long to decide on what to order. I chose the half order roast beef sandwich on a soft roll with a side of fries. Easily the best roast beef sandwich I have ever eaten! It was piled high with plenty of mayo, mustard, lettuce ,and tomatoes. The french fries were run of the mill and could have used more seasoning. Better yet- throw some gravy on those fries. I am so glad I ordered the half sandwich-- it was plenty! My wife ordered the half order brisket sandwich with a bowl of chicken soup that we heard so much about. The soup itself was good, but had a dill flavor that was overpowering in my opinion. On the other hand, the brisket was tender and delicious. 

Our bill was a little over $20.00, and the service was great! Considering this place is a bakery, I was disappointed in the baked goods available for sale at the counter. I saw a few cookies, but was hoping to find an eclair, pastry, or cake to try out.  

I am giving this place a solid 4 star rating for the sandwiches, portions, and service. I will definitely be back to sample their breakfast menu.
There was nothing really special about this place, they actually took kind of a long time. The waitress had a lot of  "regulars" to take care. Umm if it was me I would pay more attention to the new customers, (if you want them to come back). The food was good., the bagels were amazing, but with little customer service I cannot give a four star.
This little gem of a Jewish deli in the Trader Joe's strip mall at Green Valley Parkway and Sunset  rocks!.  Food is consistently very good, sandwiches are huge, service is excellent.  The potato salad is supreme!  Looks, feels and smells like Brooklyn... kind of ambiance of an East coast diner.  I eat here at least once a week.
FINALLY a good Jewish Deli!  Don't leave without trying the Matzo Ball Soup!!!!
Great down-home atmosphere with classic comfort food. Portions are enormous, and, as it's comfort food, can be heavy.
Craving pastrami  and wanted one of these big sandwiches.  But came in with my husband and he had other plans.  He wanted to try the matzo ball soup, and split the sandwich.  So knowing that there was more than plenty of food, I agreed.

He took a few bites of the matzo ball and the soup and didn't really care for it, so he ended up eating more than half the sandwich and left me still craving pastrami.

Always good food and good service.
As my bubby would say, "You're sooo skinny.  You should eat.  Your wife, she doesn't feed you?!?"  Okay.  I don't have a bubby, but I do love a good Jewish deli-style breakfast.  So I like to imagine that I do have a bubby and she wants me to eat more corned beef hash and eggs.

In Vegas, Weiss is the best option for a tasty Jewish breakfast option: 

Bagels -- check.  Best bagels in town and an absolutely top-notch everything bagel.  

Cream cheese and lox -- check.  I'm not a lox fan, but I took a smoked salmon fan here and she audibly moaned in appreciation of the fresh smoked salmon on cream cheese and a bagel,  Like I said, I don't really get the lox love, but this place has earned it.

Eggs -- check.  Perfectly prepared over-easy eggs.  Not too greasy.  Soft and runny yolks.  Love 'em.

Corned-Beef Hash -- check.  
Rich and quality beef.  If you've only had hash frozen or out of a can, it will shock you how rich freshly-prepared hash tastes.

Fresh fruit -- check.

Add it all up and my imaginary bubby loves that I found this place.
This is my second time here and both times I've really enjoyed my meal! They make the bread and bagels themselves and the service has always been good!  If you come on a Sunday morning, be prepared to wait a little bit because it's pretty packed!  

I keep hearing their sandwiches are amazing and I look forward to trying them soon!
One word: Magical

This place has sandwiches the size of a small child. They have the BEST potato salad I have ever had. Reminds me a little of Canter's Deli in Hollywood but smaller and more homelike. I love their bricket and their Matzo Ball soup is to die for. Great service, too. Friendly people!
Best matzoh ball soup I've had outside of my hometown (NYC).  Truly.  I can't wait to try their whitefish salad...  Also, their Challa is TO DIE FOR!!!  Why haven't I been eating there every day???
Great chicken noodle soup and brisket sandwich
Get half sandwich on challah
Love this place. Always packed and the food is great.
Yummo Jewish deli food that totally satisfies my bagel fix. You get a ton of food with your order so come hungry or bring a nosh partner. I order something different every time I go and I always leave happy.
Decide to whip out a magazine or your MacBook, and voil, you WILL stop receiving coffee! They weren't even subtle about it. Eye-rolls and whispering about it among the waitstaff. Wowsers!

That's exactly what happened to us. And we weren't even there for 25mins at that point. The impressive waitperson-to-table ratio makes this a turn-and-burn establishment that clearly does not want you to linger. Eat and run, or else!

I guess that's OK because Weiss's 1970s decor, cramped booths and low ceilings do not inspire a lengthy meal anyways. You get the feeling that by 9AM the rent has been paid; the rest is gravy.

Feeling 3-star-nice because the food was pretty good. But it's true that bad service keeps you from going back. Too bad - when we're recording at the studio on East Sunset Road, we're there for 3 or 4 days in a row for at least 2 meals each day. Still looking for our go-to spot in that neighborhood!
We've tried just about everywhere is Henderson and believe me, Weiss has the best breakfast in town!
Want comfort food? Come here! The chicken noodle with matzo ball hit the spot! ..and so did the open face roast beef sandwich smothered in brown gravy...and so did the open Reuben sandwich piled soo high with corned beef smothered in sauerkraut and Swiss cheese.  You get the picture. 
 
All the dishes that Mr. B & I  tried here was delicious and I'd say that was the best chicken noodle matzoh ball soup I've tried by far! It was just that fabulous!  Broth flavorful, with sliced carrots and celery that were soft from simmering in the chicken broth,  chunks of tender white chicken meat, the noodles were thin, the matzo ball light and fluffy texture.  The small size was the perfect serving for lunch for me. The open faced sandwiches here are huge portions. Meats, lean and tender and not salty.  Couldn't finish and had plenty leftover.  

Ambiance - The sign when you step in will either read "seat yourself" or "wait to be seated." Comfy booth seating or table and hardwood chairs.  It's not a big dining area and the place looks kind dated, but clean. 
 
Service wise - It's super busy both times we been there, but orders and food came out promptly.  As it got even busier though it was at least 15 minutes till our server could get to us again and ask for the check, then another few minutes to close it out.  Not going to hold it against them though since it was just the 1 server and 1 bus person vs. 34 patrons (yes I had time to count everyone while we waited) Luckily everyone in there was patient and understanding.  Good food does that to ya!! ...oh and props to Vegas J for posting the food porn that led me here!
I lived less than a mile from Weiss' for about three years and never noticed it; it's kind of tucked away in the corner of the Trader Joe's mini mall and it's easy to miss. It bums me out when I think of all the crappy meals I ate when I could have been eating here. 
The pastrami is always key for me in a deli, and Weiss' is great, not Langer's great but pretty good nonetheless, and they make their rye in-house. The open faced brisket sandwich with mashed potatoes an brown gravy is comfort-food heaven, and I haven't had a bad breakfast yet. The desserts in the to-go area, particularly the cherry breakfast pastry and the massive brownie, are all good. Decor is a bit lacking, but when the food is this good in a neighborhood joint- who cares?
This will be a bit of a strange review, I actually sent a dish back, but I like the place...I am jumping ahead of myself.

Last week I was feeling a yucky, the start of a flu bug, or maybe the end, it's hard to tell as these things don't hit me that hard, maybe just some man flu lol.

Anyways, the wife suggested we stop in here for a sandwich and bowl of soup. 

This place is straight out of the 70's !

The decor, the menu, the service...All in a good way. We got there around 7pm, the place was slammed, a quick look around showed one waiter and one bus boy..Oh oh I think, this could spell trouble.

But let me say this straight away, if the owner of Weiss's is reading this, give those kids more money, whatever you are paying them is not enough, rarely have I seen two people work an entire restaurant so well, the service was great, friendly and well perfect.

The order was simple.

One bowl of Matzah ball soup, two orders of pastrami on rye with Swiss cheese and fries.

Well the soup order was for a small bowl, we both had some and there was plenty left over, the broth was great, perfect for a sicky like me, my wife said the Matzah ball was good, as ever, we will take her word for it as they are not my thing.

Now the problem, the sandwiches came out, and honestly, I thought they had made a mistake, if you had blindfolded me and said what meat is this I would have said corned beef, the closest thing I can equate the meat to is, well if you have ever tried the pastrami sandwich at Subway, it was close to that, just not as good...So yeah it was bad. As the wife like corned beef (which the server said it wasn't and on closer inspection it did look like pastrami so I will give him the benefit of the doubt there) she kept hers, mine went back, instead I went for an open faced hot roast beef sandwich with gravy.

Now that was a home run, great beef, tender and juicy, the gravy was perfect, just a great sandwich.

All in all a good meal, it could have been a disaster (though I will say, how does a Jewish deli serve bad pastrami) but they fixed the issue I had and again, the waiter was fantastic.

So yes I recommend this place, maybe you should ask for a slice of the pastrami before ordering though to make sure it matches your taste.
Breakfast, brunch, whatever; be ready to enjoy an absolutely delicious meal. The customer service is outstanding and the food even better. This place has a family feel to it. The Hall-ah french toast could not be more heavenly. The tongue sandwich: tender. Their latkas: luscious. Even their coffee will satisfy your cravings. Go there and be ready to be happy.
After reading a few reviews, this place gave me the Bagel Cafe vibe, and it's not too far from me so I decided to give it a try. I went with my family and another family so we had a party of 7. They managed to accommodate us pretty quickly. The service from beginning to end wasn't bad, but it wasn't extraordinary either. At least half of our party started with the chicken noodle soup that they're famous for. I enjoyed it very much, but I did notice I had way more noodles than my boyfriends bowl. Between us we ordered an East Coast type sandwich made with Taylor Ham (a personal favorite) it was piled 4 slices high with American cheese and raw onion. Good sandwich. An order or chicken fingers, a BLT (too much L), an open faced roast beef, a burger (big but average), and a side of chicken salad. Ill go back for that chicken salad alone, it was one of the best I've ever tasted.
Towards the end when we paid, we gave the waitress our bill that was only about $2 over. We were going to leave the rest and main part of her tip on the table as we collected it all. Well in the mean time she gave us dirty looks and assumed we only were leaving her that as a tip and talked smack to other employees. It was a little funny and annoying at the same time. As for a Jewish deli, ill stick to bagel cafe, but return here for Taylor ham and chicken salad Togo!
Massive sandwiches, you should share.  My deli fix is this joint. Anyone say black and white cookies?  Apparently Zappos CEO likes it too, I saw him ordering for the office around Passover.
Good food. Sloppy service and dirty. When the front door is dirty and the floor hasn't been swept or the ceiling fans cleaned we should have left.
The best corned beef sandwich I've found in Las Vegas / Henderson.
Our new spot! Fresh & tasty!  
This place may not look much inside but the food and service makes up for it.
We ordered roast beef w/ au jus & corned beef sandwiches w/ Cajun lentil soup.
Wow! Blown away with flavor and portions!
I almost missed out and ordered a simple Everything and Lox.  

The waitress suggested, instead, the Lox platter.  I am glad she did.  The in-house, hand-sliced Lox pretty much put to instant shame any Lox I ever had when living in New York.  It literally made me swoon when coupled with the fresh fruits and veggies on the platter (including good grade olives and a pickled green tomato).

My colleague ordered the Hash, and said it was comparable to what his grandmother used to make.  He encouraged me to try it, although I have never liked Corned Beef Hash, I figured I'd give it a chance.  I am now a fan, at least of Weiss' Hash; enough of a fan that I may order that the next time I am visiting.

And there will be a next time, if I have anything to say about it.

It's worth a  cab ride from the strip.  Just make sure you don't get long-hauled via the Interstate.
I use to come here a lot with family and friends back when it was Samueli's. There sandwiches were the size of a small dog, the matzoh ball soup was as good as my grandmothers, and the prices weren't too bad either. What has changed? I'm happy to say just the name.

My wife is from Japan and has never had matzoh ball soup nor has never eaten in a east-coast style deli. I felt ashamed of this considering that I'm a Jewish boy from Boston. Where was my mind!? I had to correct this crime!

We got there a little bit after noon and the place was busy, but not packed, and we were promptly seated. Just sitting down you know this place is a real deli, not like one of the chain ones that popped up in the valley that feels like you are eating in an cafeteria. The sounds of dishes and silverware being banged around by the busboy, conversations drowning out the radio, the yentas in the neighboring table kvetching about their bill to the waiter, and waiters zooming around.

I decided the best option for the wife was to do the "Not so hungry" combo (1/2 sandwich and choice of frieds, soup, or salad) and I ordered that too. We both got matzoh ball soup (extra charge for the matzoh balls) and she got tongue while I got corned beef, both oo rye because it's only right. Of course my meal was washed down with a Doc Browns.

For a "small soup" it sure was filling, it had a baseball sized matzoh ball, noodles, and chunks of chicken. The soup was a bit cool when we got it, but it was served in a shallow bowl, but the matzoh ball was piping hot. The soup was garnished with two thin slices of toasted 'everything' bagels. The chicken soup here is just perfect, more sweet than salty the noodles weren't breaking apart, and of course the matzoh ball was a ball of doughy, chickeny, soupy heaven.

The menu may say "half a sandwich" but that's really only relative to the what they considering a normal sandwich. By size comparison I would say this would be a 6" sub at any sub shop but with extra meat. My corned beef was stacked with care, warmed to just south of 'hot', folded over itself properly so I could sink my teeth into it versus having just a brick of meat fighting me. The rye bread is a treat on its own. 

The bill came to $24, and we both were stuffed, happy, and already planning a return trip. Between the atmosphere and food it's amazing how much a meal can take you back in time and someplace else. For a brief second I thought I was going to step out onto a street in Brookline, MA.
I've only been here once, but I will definitely go back. It was a while back but I had been searching the area for something  more in the lines of comfort foods. After googling and searching yelp, I read a few reviews and looked over their menu. It sounded like it was close to what I was looking for so I  headed over after work. 

Food - I got an open face roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy, as well as, some chicken noodle soup. The soup was pretty good, but the best part was the HUGE plate of roast beef and mashed potatoes. They were the warm, yummy comforting food I was in a search for that day. I totally left happy. 

Service - It was just a touch slow but the kid was pretty friendly and brought things out in a fairly quick manner. The only reason it was slow was that he was the ONLY person there and there were quite a few tables. I tried to be patient as I've been there and it kinda is hard.

I know this is a jewish deli so I totally need to go in for bagels one day, but I haven't had the time or thought. It's hard to find a place in the city with any semblance of comfort food so this place is a good alternative when I'm wanting mashed potatoes and warm yummy goodness. It's not the plate lunch places of the South, but it's a good substitution.
Good place for good ol healthy comfort food! I could tell this place was legit by the more than 90% filled restaurant. The place just oozes New York style deli restaurant ambiance. Loved it. 

Did the 'not too hungry' special with the chicken noodle soup + matzo ball and a pastrami sandwich. The soup was good but wasn't a wow factor for me. Personally I thought the flavor of the broth was too light. There were lots of vegetables, noodles, and chicken though which is a big bonus. The star of the soup was definitely the matzo ball. It came out super hot and was pretty much just how I expected, a fluffy dumpling. The pastrami sandwich was also THE BOMB. They give you so much meat inside the sandwich. There was no way I could've straight up taken a bite. The pastrami was very tasty and it paired well with the rye bread I got. Total for me was $10 which I thought was a very good deal considering I couldn't finish the lunch. xD

Overall, chicken noodle soup = eh
Any of the sandwiches = thumbs up (since they are a deli)
Great restaurant! Reasonable prices for the amount of food you get. The chicken soup is ammmmmazing!!! I ordered a grilled cheese on challa bread. The challa was fresh baked and tasted great. Also their brownies are to die for!!! Don't leave without checking out the bakery section!
Like going home.   I was raised in New York and I know deli.   This place is the real deal.  Great breakfasts, terrific soup and amazing sandwiches.   The breads are fresh and everything tastes like home!   We came back three times while in Vegas even though we had to drive clear across the city.  Warm, wonderful owners who are still excited about their trade.    Just go!
Judging by our breakfast and the sandwiches that were headed for other tables, nobody goes away hungry.  The latkes (3 big cakes) were nicely seasoned and mixed well with the applesauce and sour cream.  The hash can hardly be called hash when the meat content is at least 90%.  The Everything bagel may be popular but my Egg bagel was both light and chewy, perfectly toasted.

It was surprisingly easy to get a table at 9am Saturday morning.  The service was a bit slow -- a little bit of pleasant assertiveness solves the service issue -- but the food is worth the wait.  I'd love to have lunch sometime but the breakfast had me skipping lunch and dinner.  This place is on the permanent list for Vegas.
I was in the area again and really desperate for some good, sit-down eats... I haven't been back since my last visit, but I remembered the food being good here.
It really was as good as I remembered. I was super annoyed the first time around because the service is faaaaar from spectacular, but if you have the time to wait around and are okay with spending a little more than usual for lunch, give this place a shot!
While we waited to be acknowledged so that we could grab a table, I noticed the little order out room to the left seemed a lot more open and bright than it was the last time. I don't remember being able to access it directly from the dining area, so they may have made some changes there. It was like a dark, dirty hole of a room the last time!

As soon as we sat down, we were immediately informed that any drinks would take awhile as they were currently out of clean glasses .................'kay.
*cue me, reminding myself that the sandwiches are good...* 

I ordered the hollywood club and my husband tried the chicken salad, both were really, reeeeally excellent.
I was gonna give it 4 stars because its a pain to get seated. Long lines and not to big of a place. Then the food shoots it straight off the charts. We decided to give it a try awhile back and was blown away. I never heard of this little gem hiding in Henderson. While we were waiting, it gave us a chance to look over the menu. They have a pretty good size menu from Breakfast to hearty lunch and dinner style entrees. They also have a white board with daily specials that change day to day. When we finally were able to sit down, the service started to shine. The waiter came right away and was very courteous and efficient. We already knew what we wanted since we were waiting for about 30-40 min. Was the wait worth it. I sure in the hell say YES!! Waiting for our order, I noticed the food coming out. Big hulking sandwiches piled high with Corned Beef, and other huge deli sandwiches being ordered. Matzo ball soup with asteroid size Matzo ball in the middle. My wife ordered the Homemade Corned Beef Hash plate with eggs, skillet potatoes and a fresh made Bagel with Cream Cheese. Who wants toast when you can have a fresh made bagel done the real way. The Cream Cheese was fresh and you get a big ol helping of it. The Corned Beef Hash looked heavenly. Crispy and flaky with a hint of caramelizing on the meat with an amazing blend of seasonings. The best part is that it wasn't salty like the can stuff. It was perfect as is. The bagel was fluffy and toasted just right. Just enough crunch but still kept its soft and chewy texture. I ordered the San Gennaro Omelet. Loaded with chunks of Italian Sausage, Basil, Garlic, Mozzarella Cheese, and Marinara. It wasn't sloppy and it was made flat and not folded which I liked. Made it more appealing and easier to eat. It covered the whole plate. It also came with a side of skillet potatoes and your choice of Toast or Bagel. Yeah, I went for the bagel. You can get toast anywhere lol. I had to try the bagel and glad I made that choice. I jumped in to that Omelette and was blown away. You could taste each of the ingredients and the blended together perfectly in your mouth. Normally, I scarf down my food hella quick, but this had me take my time and enjoy it. I can go on and on and there is so much to choose from. The big hulking deli sandwiches, breakfasts and lunch entrees I know Ill be back again. Plus, I know where to get some amazing bagels to go, since they have a little shop on the side to get stuff to go. The desserts they make there look amazing and I will be sure to review that when I try. Till next time..Let's Eat!!!
The Weiss deli was a good find.  I stumbled across it one day in the back of a strip shopping center at Green Valley Parkway and Sunset in Henderson, and have returned there many times since.  Weiss in Henderson and the Bagel Cafe near Summerlin are my two favorite Jewish delis in the LV area.  Having lived in Manhattan (NYC) for so long where I had my choice of high quality delis, Weiss probably comes the closest in comparison to any found in NYC.  The food is prepared the way a traditional Jewish "bubbie" would make it (lol).  Try the pancakes...they use a special cake flour from overseas that makes their pancakes flavorful and fluffy.  They're killer, and put ANY IHOP or Denny's to shame.  I introduced several of my friends to Weiss and they ALL go bonkers over the pancakes. Weiss makes a proper chicken soup, too.  If you order one, the tasty baseball-sized matzo ball is like a prize in the the middle of your big bowl to keep carving into.  I also like the chopped chicken liver pate.  Not too many people would order such a delicacy, but it's the best I've found in Las Vegas--and I'm picky.  Lastly, the sandwiches are generously portioned and made the right way.  Simple, high-quality ingredients are used--none of that processed "meat" you find at Subway or other sandwich shops.  The bread is freshly baked and cut on the premises.  At Weiss, the full menu is available all day long, so you can have those special pancakes for lunch or dinner if you want.  And as you leave, stop by the adjoining bakery, for a sack of fresh bagels to go or a sweet rugelach bite for dessert.  I highly recommend Weiss for a good value, high quality, authentic Jewish deli meal anytime.
I'm only reviewing my one visit, but I can't stop thinking about that darn chicken noodle soup. It was delicious. Also had the turkey melt, this thing was huge, I couldn't finish half of a half if that makes any sense. Our waitress was very attentive, constantly coming by and refilling our coffee and waters. I can't decide which soup is better, my mom's or Weiss, ok, Weiss it is. It's been haunting me ever since.
I met my favorite, Jaime W, here for breakfast on a Sunday morning. Weiss had been on my radar for a while, so when she suggested we meet there I was excited to finally see if it lived up to the hype. 

I ordered a pretty basic breakfast that came with eggs, potatoes and bacon, and we also decided to share an everything bagel. I have had some good bagels in my day... when I first started dating my husband he worked for a man that had relocated his bagel shop from New York City to Arizona, and I ate man, MANY bagels from that shop. The everything bagel we had at Weiss was, without a doubt, the best bagel I have had in Vegas.

My only real complaint about Weiss was the service, it super spotty. I asked for more half and half for my coffee... Our waitress came back 5 minutes later to see how we were doing, empty handed. So I asked again. 

Despite the so-so service the food was fantastic. Great breakfast potatoes and the bacon was cooked perfectly. And that bagel, so good!! 

Weiss has definitely lived up to the hype thus far, next time I will be sure to go for lunch so I can try the soup I have heard such wonderful things about!
Don't eat outside, we have young children and thought it would be better to sit out on the patio - 3 families went in after us and where already eating before we received our food, not to mention we had to make 3 trips back inside for condiments and remaining order items.
NOW that's how to make a bagel! Possibly the best bagels I have ever had and that includes the east coast.

Fabulous. I will drive the 20 plus miles to buy from them every time.
I stopped in here for a mid-morning breakfast sandwich to go.  I ordered the Egg Salad on a toasted bagel.  The egg salad was very good!!  I ate it in the car with a fork while driving to a meeting.  

I would have given 4 stars but was disappointed in how long it took to get an egg sandwich to go.  Both the Egg Salad and Bagels were already made - no cooking required.  The restuarant was not busy, only one other person waiting behind me.  But, it looked like they were making a lot of catering/pick-up orders which meant that it took them almost 20 minutes to put the Egg Salad on a toasted bagel.  I can understand waiting 20 minutes for a cooked-to-order egg and ham sandwich.  Fine.  But when I see the Egg Salad sitting in a bowl in the front chilled case, it shouldn't have taken so long.  The front staff seemed a bit disorganized. 

I would love to go back and sit in the restaurant and try the breakfast.   This was my first visit to Weiss - which many of my friends have recommended.  I will return soon.
A good solid four. Pastrami on rye is a good go, nice pile of meat on the sandwich. They also have something called halva which I detest but my wife loves, stuff can be hard to find. Staff was pleasant, gets a little crowded around the counter but food is worth it.
Would be five stars, but really needs a deep cleaning and some updated furnishings...we are talking duck taped booth seats etc! Shocking and sad for such fine food!
Best breakfast experience in Vegas:) We got the whitefish salad with bagels three days in a row:D I cant wait to go back!!
If you care about great food and portions in a deli, this is the one to eat at! It is low key deli with really great items. Everything is made in house and you can taste the great quailty. You are also on my top favorite places in this city!
good old fashion food, I'm getting hungry as I write this, service is good...only draw back is things like service get a little slow when their really busy..
Best breakfast in Green Valley! The Black Mountain Benny is my recommendation.
I used yelp to find a breakfast place by the Galaxy Green Valley Theater. This is where the hubs and I ended up and we've been here 3 times since.

I LOVE Jewish delis. It reminds me of my NY NJ days. Good homecooking, and just quality food in jiffy.

The restaurant in nestled in a old shopping strip mall. The deli\bakery has it's own entrance and the restaurant has booths and tables both inside and outside. As far as decor goes - it's definitely minimalist central but I did appreciate the local artwork they had up. We got their just after they opened and they already have 6 or seven other tables with people. The place obviously has lots of regulars because I heard a few waiters say - "Your usual Mr. So and So". Always a good sign.

I had their "the usual" breakfast sandwich and despite the warm day we were having, I had a bowl of Matzo ball soup. Everything was just the way I wanted it.  My husband got "the killer" breakfast sandwich and pancakes. He gobbled it all up. The bagels that the sandwiches came on were so fresh. My soup was flavorful and there was plenty of it. Despite my best efforts, I could not finish it :(

The second third and fourth time I've been here, I had the same breakfast sandwich and a side of corn beef hash. I enjoyed every bite. We brought another couple along, one of whom is a vegetarian. She had ordered the vegetable hash and could not stop saying how great it was. My husband ventured out and had their french toast which he told me was to die for. I knew it was because it was made on challah bread. I had a bite of it and it really was amazing.

The waiter we had the first 3x was Jacques, he was the perfect waiter. He remembered us when he waited on us the second time and just really added to the great experience we had. I didn't catch the waitress's name that was there for us on visit #4 but she was as sweet as could be.

All in all, from start to finish, we thoroughly enjoyed this place and have already began the tradition of coming here for Sunday breakfast and driving down a block to catch a movie.

If you are looking for a great breakfast\brunch spot, make sure to add this to your list of places you must try.
I remember when a couple of other businesses occupied this location that Weiss Deli is at so I was skeptical about if Weiss was like them or not. The reviews and delicious pictures on yelp got my to finally try this Jewish deli. It is tucked in the corner of a shopping center. They have a decent amount of tables and chairs outside if eating outdoors is your thing. Inside is clean, but the decor is dated. The booth I sat at had gashes in the seat. The inside isn't very big so I imagine trying to eat here on the weekend is a zoo. When you walk inside towards the left they have bagels & pastries for sale. I took a look but the case was empty and I was told by our server that they sell out quick in the mornings. They have a board when you enter that tells you what specials are going on that day.

They have a section on the menu that says "not so hungry" for those feeling like they can't tackle a whole sandwich themselves. You get 1/2 of a sandwich (your choice from the sandwich station area on the menu) and your choice of either a cup of soup, fries, coleslaw,  potato salad or fresh fruit on the side. I decided to order this priced at $9.95 and I can assure you that you do need to be hungry unlike the menu claims because the portions are generous. I decided to try the "Chicken Noodle Soup" and it was the best I have e-v-e-r had in my life! It was hardly a cup like the menu suggests and was filling all by itself. I could just sip on the broth for days! The soup had a couple bagel chips on the side that had such a nice garlic flavor. For my sandwich I went with the "Roast Turkey" on challah bread. The 1/2 sandwich was so big that I had to cut it in half just to eat it. The bread was seriously delicious!  I could only eat a portion of my sandwich and took the rest home for later. My hubby ordered a "Pastrami Burger" priced at $9.95 that came with a side of fries. He said the pastrami had good flavor. 

I saw on the menu they offer catering. 

The next time I stop in I will be trying out something from their tasty looking breakfast menu. I would stop in when working on this side of town just to get some of the soup to-go!
This is by far one of the hidden gems of Las Vegas/Henderson. I LOVE THIS PLACE! It's a good 'ol Jewish deli like the ones I grew up with in NJ. It's usually crowded here during breakfast and lunch so take that into consideration. The food portions are HUGE but everything I've tried is super yummy! I will let you in on a little secret....the chicken noodle soup is magical! When I'm sick, Weiss's chicken soup is the only thing I ever want to eat. It's plain, old fashioned chicken noodle soup so don't come in expecting anything fancified. The beef and cabbage soup is also surprisingly good! I love that they sell bags of bagel chips to take home and crush up into the soups later on. The hash dishes are great, benedicts are tasty and sandwiches are stacked high. For true east coasters, this place is like a short trip back home and always feels like family, KEEP UP THE MAGIC WEISS!
Bring a wheelbarrow you'll need it to hold up your belly after one of their sandwiches!  The portions are huge. I wasn't too hungry and I got the cup of soup and 1/2 a sandwich which in reality is more like a gigantic sandwich and bowl of soup complete with bagel chips on the side. .. Pretty good. For 9.95 I got lunch and there was enough to take home.
 There is a potato pancake filled with brisket dish that is over the top. This was a really unique plate and we all loved it.
 Soup is good for the most part. People seem to love the Matzo ball soup. 
 The service was fine. I ordered a bagel as my bread and then realized their bagels are too hard for me, the waitress got me challah bread with no problem. She was nice every time we went.
 Starve before you go or plan on leftovers.
The breakfasts look nice but I haven't tried them yet, I liked how they have a fruit option. I saw another diners plate and the fruit was a nice bowl of melon, oranges strawberries.
 Even the coffee is good.
 They have a take out section on the side where you can get deli stuff and danishes etc. The Danish is gigantic and very heavy, be warned its super thick and loaded with sugar and cream cheese or cherries or whatever it is that day. Everyone ate a little square off one to try it out. It just may be impossible to eat one by yourself. Most pastries are lighter or airy this is not.
 Unfortunately for me I can't go here or when do I will have to be careful with what I order, I think I am allergic to something they use in their ingredients or maybe it's gluten..no idea. But something makes me sickly when I eat there which is a shame. Please note I am not flaming the place they are clean and attentive I highly doubt its them. I am just getting old I guess digestion isn't what it used to be. :(
 Personal drama aside this is a great deli. You get a lot for your money. The dcor is dated but who cares when you aren't being ripped off like in most of the restaurants in the area.
Outrageously surprised! had never been. Portions and quality rivaled the best New York delis. The waiters were attentive. Food delivery was slow. But I will wait for great food!
So, I have to admit something.  I used to be a regular at an awesome German Restaurant in Huntington Beach, CA called the Einbecker Inn.  Used to go there for their awesome Bratwurst and authentice, rare, hard to find German beers. Alas, they are now gone.  So, you can imagine when I saw "Weiss" while I was travelin in Las Vegas on business and it had great reviews, I had to try it.  Not really thinking that it's a NY Jewish Deli! (I'm not very quick on the draw with these things).  However, when I got my food here, I was blown away.  This is truly an authentic NY Deli hidden in a strip mall in Vegas!  I ordered the Remington sandwich which is roast beef with two kinds of cheeses, onions, horseradish sauce (missing the German punch).  I changed it up a little bit and ordered it on a french roll with no onions and was absolutely ecstatic.  First, it was huge.  Could have done with half and saved myself from rolling out of the front door.  Second, the roll was golden brown and perfectly toasted.  If you are a fan of horseradish and need the sinus clearing properties of such, ask for extra on the sandwich.  Not enough in my opinion.  It was excellent.  Trying to lose weight for an upcoming wedding and felt guilty eating the whole thing, but seriously...it was worth it.  Adding this restaurant to my favorite locations. Don't let the location, how hidden it is, or the dated motif inside persuade you....it would be a lot worse in NYC and if you lived there you would be a regular.  Get over it....ask for what you want, and enjoy!
for the money you can find better, i expected cheaper prices for a sandwich but if the price was right hell i'd pay it but no indeed it was not, my roast beef came out looking great but the taste of the roast beef was mediocre at best it tasted like a cheap pot roast i've ate much better roast beef for much cheaper, the au jues was good though and the homemade potato salad was very delicious! half the soft drinks come in bottles so it's non-bottomless which is a shame, overall i will not return due to the high prices and medium food quality :/ i prefer jasons deli much better for your dollar! Thanks for reading
Great food, esp. breakfast. the sandwiches are huge. Try it !
I kept hearing about this place so finally decided to drive over. It was good. I had a pastrami burger. The burger could have had a bit more flavor and the pastrami was good. The chicken noodle soup is homemade and excellent. Inside is small and the dcor outdated. The appearance of this place wouldn't make want to eat here but the good food sure does. If you like a good Jewish Deli then give this place a try.
Come hungry, leave full. This Henderson deli is one of the best spots to grab a bowl of soup or a sandwich, and the portions are massive.

I have eaten here on many different occasions and have enjoyed my meal each and every time. The cabbage soup is some of the best I have ever tasted, and the bagel chips that accompany it are delicious. The sandwiches are huge, piled high and sure to fill up even the hungriest of appetites.

This small restaurant fills up quickly, so get here early if you don't want to wait around for a table. But don't worry, even if you have to wait the food is worth it.
Great place for a deli sandwich or a great breakfast. Friendly staff and fast service. 

We enjoy the pastromi and roasted turkey sandwich on rye with cheese and cole slaw, they use a special dressing thats really good and the pickles are big and fat!

It's a fat sandwich, three layers, with piles of thinly sliced meat, the rye is fresh and adds to the flavor in a big way, but the wet slaw on the bottom can make it a bit soggy.  its so fat, I've used a fork to help eat it!

Gooo lunches for sure!
I come here at least 3 days a week. I always rotate from the breakfast menu to the lunch menu. I will say that my ultimate favorite is the open faced Reuben!! So much cheese! Nom nom nom!!

The portions are huge which is what I love! (That's what she said) the staff always remembers names and faces and even what I drink.
My dad is obsessed with finding a good Jewish deli; in his world that means chicken noodle soup, a corned beef sandwich, and real raw horseradish - none of that inferior creamy stuff.  Every time we're in Vegas together, I humor him by yelping "deli," never expecting to find anything worth trying out.  Imagine my surprise when Weiss popped up in my results... 

Curious but not expecting too much, we hopped in the car and drove over.  My skepticism proved to be no match for this deli - we all walked away pleasantly surprised and with full bellies.

Service was excellent - honestly one of the most professional and efficient, not to mention genuinely nicest waiters I've ever interacted with.  

The portions are HUGE.  A bowl of soup could feed all of Boulder City.  So much real chicken, veggies, and super thin noodles, make this a hearty and yummy start to a meal.  The bagel chips that are served with the soup were delightfully crunchy and included a big variety of flavors (plain, pumpernickel, everything, etc).  Only complaint on the soup is that my mom's and my matzo balls were really soggy, like maybe they were undercooked or left in the broth for way too long.  

The corned beef sandwich was very large - tons of meat, on seemingly homemade rye bread that was super tasty but could have been toasted a little more to provide a more solid structure to house the meat. The meat had great flavor; for my taste it could have been a bit leaner or more cleanly trimmed of fat, but I am extraordinarily picky about that - for most people, the way they serve it will be perfectly fine.  

The best part?  Raw horseradish!  
One suggestion?  More pickles!  One pickle per person does not a deli make!  I'm kidding, this place is definitely living up to its Delicatessen name.  
But I'm serious about more pickles.
Delicious and the portions are really big! We were on a time rush and they served us quickly. Love it, I would come back if I was a local here.
I've been going to Weiss ever since I was a little kid. My family tries to make it "thing" to go every Saturday and pick up bagels, cream cheese, and lox. I haven't found anyone out there in NV yet who can top their food. I'm in the process of converting all my goyum friends into Jews just for the food ;D
Sooo good!!! I am from NY and been searching for a good deli! Everything is so good.   The matzoh ball soup is yummy! A must try.   I liked it better than the soup at the Vig deli and theirs is good.   Great bagels.   NY deli /diner style home fries.   Only negative is sometimes they say your server will be right with you and a long time passes....... But the food did come quick.     I will return again again and again to try other dishes :) and sandwiches
Amazing food here... have yet to have something i didnt like.
OK let's be honest... I love this place!!!

The soup and half sandwich is HUGE!!!! The chicken matzo-ball soup and pastrami sandwich is huge, and hot, and SO SO good!!!

I order the beef brisket, potato pancake, brown gravy, smothers in melted cheese and extra brown gravy is to DIE FOR.... Damn, order the pancake well done and you have got an orgasm in your mouth!!!!  Get more sour crean on the side, yes, yes, yes...
Jewish penicillin a bowl of chiken noodle soup when the waitress says the large bowl is very large listen I couldn't finish it, very very good it hit the spot the I just got sick and that was just what I needed. I will be back!!!
We've had breakfast and lunch at Weiss and loved both meals.  For breakfast, the bagel sandwiches are enormous.  I recommend adding the home fries to the sandwich for 95 cents.  They are made with onions and really add flavor.  The sandwich can be difficult to eat, but get after it with a knife and fork and you will be in good shape.

For lunch, my usual is the Reuben.  This sandwich is LARGE, easily 2 meals.  Loaded with cheese and sauerkraut, it's the perfect amount of each ingredient.  I recommend heating it up in a toaster oven or regular oven, rather than a microwave.  It kept the bread crunchy.  My wife likes the chicken noodle soup, which uses angel hair type noodles and lots of herb, particularly dill.  Highly recommended.

We usually get some bagels to go to make sandwiches at home.  Fantastic everything bagels!  They also sell all of their meats by the pound, as well as many other items.  They make their own corned beef and pastrami, and it shows.
The staff was attentive and friendly! I had the Reuben Sandwhich which was a delicious and I look forward to my next visit.
I feel sorta bad for Hendersonians.  They have Weiss, Summerlin has Bagel Cafe as the resident Jewish deli.

For the record, Bagel Cafe destroys Weiss.

I've tried the baked goods and the deli food.  The hamantaschen, rugelach, and black & white cookies at Weiss are not very good. The filling in both the hamantaschen and rugelach seemed to rely more on a gel-like substance than fruit.  The cookies, a little stale.  Passable, but not something I would buy again. 

The matzoh balls here also taste a little off...I really can't explain it. Rubbery?
 
Their corned beef, however, is decent as are the bagels.   But, Jewish deli is serious business.  Weiss just doesn't pull it off successfully.
Being a big fan of bagel cafe, I wanted to find a similar place to eat that was a bit closer and easier to get to. Luckily, I found Weiss. 

 Man oh man, this place has some dang good chicken noodle and matzo ball soup ! Broth is super flavorful, chicken is nice and tender. Basically, it's just piping hot amazingness in your mouth. Their food portions here are big enough, that I probably don't need to get the soup everything I go, but you can be damn sure I will. Especially now that it's getting colder, no way am I going to pass up the soup when I eat here. 

Along with my soup, I usually get Ceilys stack. It's two potato latkes stuffed with brisket, and then covered with melted provolone and Munster cheese, as well as their brown sauce (gravy). I actually prefer to get mine with the gravy on the side. It's so rich and a little bit too salty for me to want it slathered all over. Instead, I prefer it on the side so I can just put small amounts on here and there. Also, just as a side note, Yates great even as left overs. I can never finish the soup and the stack, so I usually take half of the stack home, and it's still just as good. Meat, cheese, and potatoes... how can you go wrong ? 

As fire the service, I've gotten mixed feelings about it. I had Jacques add my server in the morning, and he was great. He was super busy with the tables, but still checked in on us and was very friendly. At night, I had Margie. While she wasn't unpleasant, she wasn't very pleasant either. We were also only one of three tables at the time, and the service wasn't that great. Other than that, all has been good. 

Now, if I haven't reiterated it enough... go get some matzo ball soup !
I'm going to make this short and sweet.  Chicken Soup here is unbelievable.  Imagine a Jewish grandmother making a fresh batch of it for her favorite bubala who came down with a flu.   THAT'S how amazing it is.  

The omelette was OK, so I can't go with 5 stars.  Service is great, too.
Best chix noodle ever! Pastrami great too...pickles are weird meh. Egg cream soda yumm!
This place has the best chicken soup ever! It's authentic New York Jewish deli food. We arrived a little after noon and the entire restaurant was jam packed. 

We both ordered chocolate egg creams, they were delish! The only bad part is that they don't give you a gallon sized glass.. ;-)

All three of us opted for the half sandwich and cup of soup. Their portions are huge! I ordered a half of a bagel, they served a whole bagel as a "half portion"... Superb! 

The half portion of chicken soup is a full bowl. It comes out really hot too. Their matzoh balls are softball size. 

The prices are very fair considering the portion size. My daughter ordered a hot dog-- it was a 1/4lb! They serve Hebrew national brand, yummy! 

I can't wait to go back! 5 stars!
This place was great .My friend took me there for my birthday. It was busy when we got there and by the time we were almost done, there was a line.I ordered the Ruben sandwich. It came with lots of cheese, a little bit too much sauerkraut. It was a huge sandwich. The bread was toasted perfectly. It was served open faced it was yummy. The only downfall was the regular iced water. It was almost undrinkable. Even with lemon . I refrained from it and ordered soda. I'll definitely go back. By the way the potato salad was awesome.
One star review. Wow!  Hadn't been in 3 years when it was wonderful. I add an extra 2nd star because it's New Year's Eve and the staff was very obviously understaffed.   But greeting at door and or the table might be nice. Taking less than 20 minutes to take a drink order might have added a star. Saw the food under the lamp for 2 of the 4 orders 45 minutes later, then 10 minutes later the French toast came on a dirty plate that actually made the French toast taste like garlic and a
Large dirty smudge of different color under the French toast. The orders came 5 minutes apart and the omelette was dry spinach on the outside and semi cold home fries. The redeeming value was the staff
Was pleasant when they showed up to the table. Needs some attention to details on the staff. Simple basics that used to be there, but are missing now.   It might be a while before I dare going back though. 

I took the lack of charging us for coffee as an apology, but I think it was more likely attention to detail.  I made that undercharge go on the tip that I struggled to give my normal 20% standard.
Very taste. 

Many corn beef. 

Such amaze. 

Reuben sandwich is much wow. 

Very customer service. 

Much nice. 

So experience. 

Such New York.

So early close in 7:30. 

Wow.

The End.
I love Weiss Deli! They have the best chicken noodle soup and Matzo ball soup I have ever had. The potato salad is so good and the tuna salad is tasty, too! Just know that portions are huge and a sandwich can easily be shared by two. I'd give them 5 stars if the atmosphere were better. They used to have ---subjectively---ugly art displayed on the walls, but have recently removed those pieces and adorned the walls with photographs of their food instead.The food is great though and I've never experienced poor service there.
I like this place for a once in awhile go to for homemade matzah ball soup! You can get it without noodles and just enjoy the goodness of soup. Probably best in town. They try to give you that deli feel we get back home but they don't put pickles on the table anymore and it's gotten further away from a NY deli thru the years. The sandwiches however are nice and thick loaded with fresh meats. The bakery section is quite small compared to others and the challah is better other places. But the food is good and enjoyable, if you get deli food, not a burger.... (Like someone at our table did....)
The customer service has been variable the times we have been there and the cleanliness has varied too. Not sure if because of how long they have been there or what but hasn't been remodeled. Depending on when you go, you can be waiting awhile too as the place is quite small. I like this place and the local business but overall it's changed a lot thru the years!
3.5 stars.

I've been going to Weiss, since before it was called Weiss. It used to be called Samuels, or something to that effect.

Today, I went in with my daughter, my mom and my brother. It was an afternoon weekday, so we had no problem getting a table. 

My menu was dirty.

I ordered the soup (with ball) and a 1/2 of a corned beef. My brother got the rueben open faced, and my mom got the corned beef with coleslaw.

My soup came out first, and it was as delicious as ever. My sandwhich came out with ever one else's meal. 

Looking around, the wall that separates the tables from the servers station is FILTHY. I mean, dust bunnies ! Coffee grounds... A quarter. I mean, yowza would it kill someone to wipe that down ?
Okay, I need to preface this review with a confession.  I am a total rookie when it comes to deli's.  I didn't know what to order and when the waitress was finally looking at me for my order, I panicked and got a burger.  Needless to say, I was given a hard time.  I knew that I was going against the grain when everyone else was ordering matza ball  soup and pastrami sandwiches.  But, to my defense, they had a burger on the menu, so I can only take half the responsibility.

The burger was okay, and knew I made a mistake as I was getting jealous of the soup.  Next time, and there will be a next time, I will get the soup.  

Service was alright and there wasn't an empty table in the place.  So, that speaks volumes.
Great Jewish deli.  Best bagels in town!  Homemade cream cheese that reminds you what it's supposed to taste like.  Corned beef on rye that my New York relatives did not turn their noses up at.  Only complaint is they don't open as early as I'd like for breakfast.
It's a bit funny to me that I've spent most of my life in Green Valley, yet cannot remember ever eating at Weiss' Deli. Intent on breaking that streak, and trying one of "The Best of Green Valley", I sent the Hubbers here on a Friday night to pick up some food to go. 

He got a couple of small matzoh ball soups, (which were huge, by the way),  a couple of sandwiches, and a black and white cookie. I  had originally thought we were going to share a Reuben, and then he comes home with 2 whole sandwiches! We both enjoyed the matzoh ball soup, and it was our first time trying it altogether. The soup was filled with chunks of pulled apart chicken, carrots, and skinny noodles. I prefer my soup to be a tad saltier, but I would order it again. My Reuben was ENORMOUS. It came stuffed with sauerkraut, cheese, and pulled high on rye bread: perfectly toasted, perfect amount of thousand island. I loved the little side of cole slaw too. It was such a big sandwich (on top of splitting a small soup), that I got 2 meals out of it. My husband had a Remington sandwich made with roast beef and horseradish. He enjoyed his sandwich as well. So much in fact, that he was wanting to go back and see how Weiss Deli is on breakfasts. The cashier had handed him a menu with his takeout order and he is very eager to return and try more things.
Nothing beats a good little Jewish Deli and this is exactly what Weiss Restaurant and Delicatessen is. It had been many years between visits here. I'm not sure if the restaurant owners changed, or if there was just a name change, but the last time I was here it was called Samuel's Deli. Not sure what took so long to get back because I always enjoyed the food, and after my most recent breakfast here I definitely know I'll be back sooner than later.

So the special of the day was a ham steak with potatoes, 2 eggs cooked to order, and choice of bagel. The 2 eggs that I got scrambled seemed like it was at least 3 or 4 eggs, it was a ridiculous amount - but cooked to absolute perfection. The potatoes were very good. The ham steak was so-so for me. It was really, really big. I think the advertised size was 12 ounces. Maybe ham steaks just aren't my thing because it appeared to be cooked perfectly. Awesome grill marks, but the grill flavor did overtake the flavor of the meat a little too much for me. The highlight of the meal was the bagel, absolutely spectacular. My Jewish father would probably disown me if he knew I ordered a cinnamon raisin bagel, but my non-Jewish mother would defend that decision. Usually at places like this when you get a bagel toasted they come out really chewy, and not as good as you would expect. Polar opposite here. The bagel was perfectly toasted, just chewy enough without being soft. I would probably rate this the best bagel I've ever had. My wife had the everything bagel and next time I would probably order that - amazing flavor! 

Highly recommend hitting up this place for breakfast, then following that breakfast with a matinee at Galaxy Theaters, pretty much the only place you should ever go to watch a movie for the rest of your life.
Yummy Reuben! I am a huge fan of Reubens and Weiss Reuben sandwich was just what the doctor ordered! Perfectly fresh bread, moist and tangy sauerkraut and loads and LOADS of pastrami! The sandwich was so big, I had it for lunch and dinner!
I also had their fries and it was OK. I like my fries salty and thin and theirs was seriously lacking in salt and super thick. It was nice and crunchy though and being that my sandwich was amazing, I quickly got over it. 
I was surprised by the amount of seating space inside, It's diner style and has lots of small business charm. 
I was hoping to pick up some pastries while there too but none of them appealed to me. That was a bit disappointing. All in all, I'll definently come back for a Reuben and may be some chicken noodle soup!
Picked up an order this morning and it was great as always. I went with the ONE, it is a porkroll "taylor ham" with eggs on a nice soft roll with cheese. It was exactly what I wanted it to taste like. My wife got the Mother of all hash and she said it was the best hash she has ever had, it comes with home fries ,two eggs and a bagel with cream cheese. I tried the bagel and I must say it was fantastic and the cream cheese is awesome. We also got a blueberry danish that was very good and huge, we didn't even put a dent in it. We also got a brownie for our son but he is still sleeping so I will edit that in later.
A new day and a new place to try.  We stopped in for weekday lunch.  To my surprise there was still a wait to be seated at 1:30.  Must be good!  

We were seated and had some time to look over the menu.  Our waitress I could see was busy.  By the time she came over to us, all she said was, "Ok, ready".  I guess she lacked in her customer service skills.  That, in a nut shell, was her personality for our dining visit.  

I tried the Chicken noodle Matzoh ball soup but just a small bowl.  Let me tell you the small bowl was pretty huge.  I think that would have sufficed for my entire meal.  The flavor was great and would definitely have that again.  I had also ordered the Grilled Cheese and added ham and grilled onions.   The ham and onions were an additional charge to the sandwich.  Fabulous and very tasty flavor!  I loved every bite.  Even though I was full from the soup, I couldn't stop eating the sandwich.   The grilled onions really gave it that extra umph!  

Yes I would recommend going here to eat but just don't expect the best of service.  Hopefully it will be better next time!  Enjoy!
I've been craving Chicken noodle matzoh ball soup!  Usually when in l.a. I get my fix at Canters.  In Vegas, I hadn't found a place yet. . . that is until I found Weiss. We had potato pancakes with brisket and the most delicious gravy, Pastrami sandwich, and of course matzo ball soup.  We were beyond full, but it was so delicious that we just couldn't have any leftovers.  Worth the trip from anywhere in the valley.
Holy MOTHER of Howard Beach! This is the ONE TRUE JEWISH DELI (I said JEWISH NOT KOSHER!) in LV, baby! GREAT food, fairly priced and more on your plate than you wil believe. Go here and expect a small wait - but it is worth it!
The best homemade chicken soup, this will be my go to place when I need chicken soup. Their half sandwiches are huge so if you get the soup and 1/2 sandwich it will be more than enough. The bread was fresh and I got the chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious. I also got a black and white cookie which tasted more like a large flat piece of cake and it was good.
Excellent, made from scratch, chicken noodle soup. It is so hard to find soup like this. Next time, I will try the soup of the day. They ran out of Pea soup last time, which looked excellent. My friends raved about the eggplant soup. The restaurant is a simple diner look  and a little dated. The main reason I go there is for the great, homemade soup.
Ate lunch there today. Wonderful portion sizes- literally a sandwich and a half for one order. Enjoyed their patio seating area- just wish beverage refills came faster outside, a common problem at any establishment with an outdoor area. Great food, great price, good meal- and extremely friendly to the dogs.

Thanks guys will be back!
I finally ventured to Weiss for lunch with my friend. I have heard talk of this place for ages, so was excited to try what they had to offer. Since everyone seems to always rave about their chicken noodle soup, so I knew I had to give that a chance. I decided on the half sandwich and soup, to maximize the amount of things I could try. I'm not typically a big fan of deli meat, but still went with the corned beef. 

The soup came out quickly and was enormous. Lots of meaty pieces of chicken and a huge matzo ball in the center. The matzo ball was perfection, I'm usually easy to please with these. The soup was a little under-seasoned for my taste, so I had to add some salt and pepper. I rarely ever have to add salt to anything, so this was very, very rare for me. The soup was very filling and by the time my sandwich came out I was stuffed. I ate about half my half sandwich, which was enormous as well and packaged the rest to go with me. My friend ordered the pastrami burger with fries. It was huge and looked really good and meaty. The patrons at the next table were impressed as well and kept asking him about his order and if it tasted as good as it looked, to which he answered "yes." My sandwich was good and I enjoyed it for the mots part. The bread was a little dry, but adding mustard really enhanced the flavor. I would be curious about their clubs or reubens next time as those looked tasty, as well as their breakfast items. 

Service was friendly, but they were short with us and we felt a bit rushed. After our second drink refill, the server left the pitcher on our table without a word, making us feel like we were bothering him a bit. Our other server was efficient, but not very chatty and didn't make much effort beyond what was expected. 

For the most part, we had a decent meal and I'd be curious to check them out again and try some more items from their very extensive menu.
It's tucked back in the corner of a shopping plaza, kinda just hanging out, waiting for someone to find it. It's worth finding.

Finally got some time to meet up with Elite Emily, so we chose this place because who doesn't love some good pastrami? Terrorists, that's who. We, however, are not terrorists, so we went to check out this place in Henderson.

The main downside is that it's small. Like, "get there early or prepare to wait" small. Our wait time wasn't too bad, but with the cramped seating, I can see it filling up very quickly and not relenting. Also, even in our early [CENSORED] we definitely skewed the age range downward.

Suck it up, Soldier Sassypants, because this is some serious deli pwnge, Elite Emily went with the Soup & Sandwich combo, but the Matzo Ball Soup dominated so that way when she got to the sandwich, it was almost time to throw in the towel. My Pastrami Burger was so big I'm fairly sure you could have put little french fry legs and made it into a scene-stealing Disney sidekick. But it was delicious though, so it wouldn't have lasted long. Because I would have eaten it. And possibly burped. TMI.

The meat was done just right, with just the right seasonings to go with it, and the pastrami was shaved so thin while still being piled high and tender. Add a little deli mustard, oy, it's like buttah. You'll develop shpilkis in your genechtagazoink.

Service was friendly, if a little rushed (I mean, granted, we were thirsty, but ya didn't have to bring the whole pitcher of Pepsi over). Definitely a hidden gem worth finding.

You can meet me there. We'll nosh, we'll talk, no big whoop.
I believe that "Weiss" is German for white. How appropriate. The food couldn't get any more white, bland and tasteless.
I was really eager to try this place. The pictures looked great, the reviews were good, and I saw on the menu that they had cabbage soup, which I loved from Foxy's and from Jackie's in Commercial Center- two late lamented delis which reveal how incredibly old I am.
So, and equally decrepit friend and I grabbed our walkers and shuffled on down.
It was busy, but we were seated quickly and service was efficient if not particularly friendly. So far, so good. 
We were disappointed that they didn't bring us a dish of pickles or a basket of rye bread, which were standard in the aforementioned old-school spots, but then, nobody pumps your gas for you anymore, either, so still o.k.
I was trying to be conservative on calories so I had a 1/2 brisket on rye with cabbage soup, my friend went wild with a triple decker concoction involving corned beef, pastrami, and cole slaw.
First, we got the soup. I was expecting a rich, tangy, tomato base. This was more brown. You know how when you cook soup and store it overnight it's usually better the next day? Well, this was more like they had been reheating it and keeping it hot every day for about a week so it just tasted old. The accompanying hard toasted bagel slices were clearly a creative use of leftovers that would have been thrown away. I am a crostini fan so I liked them. My friend did not.
Then came the sandwiches. They looked good. Until I opened mine to add mustard. The brisket was mostly fat, and wet, soggy fat at that. Like catching a glimpse of myself getting out of the shower. Her pastrami and corned beef were almost tasteless. Again, I think they sliced the meat and held it in hot water repeatedly until they managed to leach out any semblance of flavor. 
The only thing they didn't soak were the pickles, which still tasted raw. After sampling those and the flavorless rye bread, I no longer yearned for the free samples.
I will say that the chicken noodle soup looked great, as did the breakfast ordered at another table. But ours LOOKED good, too. And what does it say about a menu where the standout is chicken soup? Bland, bland bland.
After stalking there menu for a week I made my visit with my 2 yr old. located in a nice strip mall next to trader joes. Lots of outdoor seating. With the bakery on the left side and dining on the right. It was breakfast so I didn't get to order what I originally planned on getting. I went with a braised beef Benedict, cornbread hash and chicken tenders n fries for my son. server was nice and friendly. my Benedict was ok. I like the cornbeef better but nothing special.. It's breakfast. it was a "ok" visit. I just need to comeback to try their regular menu items.
One visit so far, but will be back.  I had the Ceily's stack (brisket, potato pancakes, cheese, topped with brown gravy) and matzo ball soup.  The Mrs. had a Reuben.  We shared, of course.

Huge portions.  Chicken matzo ball soup is perfection.  Reuben was as good as it gets . . . and HUGE with plenty of meat.   Lots of made-from-scratch stuff.  It's the real deal.  From what we observed at other tables and ate ourselves, it's quality food with generous portions.  Large menu with a lot of choices.  Great take-out and to-go counter, including chopped liver, kippered salmon, rice pudding, bagels, and pastries.  Killer garlic bagels that simply reek of garlic!  This joint took me back to my East Coast Jewish roots.  

Only complaint was the coffee tasted like instant, and no non-dairy creamer was available.  I would have deducted 1/2 a star for this if possible, but will let it slide for now. Given how many of us Jew-folk are lactose intolerant, you'd think they'd have non-dairy creamer available.  I'd happily pay a little more for the coffee in order to get good coffee and Coffee-Mate with my breakfast.

Service was just fine and reasonably attentive.  Waitstaff was friendly, helpful, and attentive.  No complaints there at all.

Hopefully future visits will be as good.  Looking forward to "testing" the benedicts.
Jewish deli! Yes, please! I love this place! This is a hard one for me to write because I love everything from here! You can't go wrong with anything you order. I often stop in and order from their take out counter. My standard order is 1lb of potato salad and 3 of their half done pickles! Mmmmmm so so good! I've also gotten their rye bagel and a loaf of their rye bread. The taste is so good you will never want to buy store brand bread again. The White Fish Salad and the Baked Salmon Salad are super creamy and just has that fishy taste I want. 

As far as sitting down and ordering a sandwich, which you can also order to go , there are many choices. The standard Pastrami on Rye is loaded with meat, more then enough for two meals. The Ruben is another excellent sandwich. Off their specialty menu I really enjoy the Clary Silver. It is loaded with pastrami, corned beef, melted swiss and it's served on their yummy rye bread.  My Husband really enjoys the Arlene Bianchi, which I also love! It It has pastrami, turkey and cheese all melted together on a triple deck of sourdough (usually comes on rye, but my husband is weird). You also get a side of your choice, but choose the potato salad. Always potato salad!

Basically anything you get from here is delicious! I've never had a bad experience here. The staff is super friendly and nice. The only downside is that it's small and can get busy during peak hours, but what good place doesn't? When the food is this good, waiting just does not matter to me! If you go for breakfast or lunch you will leave full and happy!
Weiss's has undergone quite a few changes since I first started going there. But they have finally hit their stride. The chopped liver is reminiscent of my Bubbe's, as was the whitefish salad. Weiss's is also the only place in the Valley that I know of who carries Dr. Brown's. If you like or need some Jewish soul food then Weiss's is your place. They may not be kosher, but they're "kosher" in my book!
Was strictly here for the food.. Definitely the food! The actual restaurant and decor was a little outdated and small for me..

Quick and tentative service. Staff were friendly. Only minus for me would be the tables put together so sometimes you'd be really close to another group. Guess that's expected for the whole place itself being so tiny!

Food was great! We first had the Chicken Noodle Soup with Matzo Ball. I've never had a matzo ball before, so for a first time this was delicious! Big chunks of chicken and even amounts of noodles, carrots and celery-- homemade, hearty soup! 
Then we had our main dishes : I had the Pancake Breakfast - pancakes, bacon, eggs and potatoes. Pancakes were really, deliciously light! From what I was told, they make their own bacon! The little things are always a plus! Fianc had the Pastrami Sandwich. Although I had wish to have experience the full sandwich, the pieces I stole from his sandwich were sooo good! 
My son had his usual, Chicken Fingers with Fries.. Huge, huge portions!

I'd def come back here again to try the rest of the menu!
I'm a big fan of big portions, a home style atmosphere and deserts. That being said Weiss definitely checks all of those off!

Weiss is a smaller place located in a strip mall. There is normally a wait when I've gone (both on weekends granted) but the service is speedy and they turn everyone pretty fast. 

The sandwiches are better than your average deli but priced really well for the portion and the sit down nature. I've gotten an open faced turkey as well as a bagel brisket. Both were very good, however a slightly different style than I'm normally accustomed to, thus the 4 stars. 

I normally grab a giant dessert from the to-go counter on the way out. You can't go wrong with a black/white cookie or a chocolate covered brownie. 

If you want a homestyle place to eat, perfect for lunch, Weiss is your spot!
I've been to probably 100s of delis in my day.  This one is about average.  Portions are decent for the cost and the place is always busy.  Being one of few Jewish style delicatessen in the area my account for this.  Overall... A decent place to get your deli fix if you need one.
Food was so much better this time around. Service was spotty but i can look pass that because I enjoyed everything. 

Pastrami was delicious and you get a hefty serving of it. Chicken noodle soup w matzo ball is literally one of the best chicken noodles I've had. Pancakes are light, fluffy and tasty. I usually can't finish my pancakes but I can eat theirs all day..it's so light. 

If you haven't eaten here..it's best you do something about it lol.
Amazing food! 
Huge portions and oh soo tasty!

Seating is scarce, so we always expect a wait, and if there is none, it's a bonus.

They have a small bakery attached, that is a must to take a look at while here.

Highly recommend.
An authentic Jewish deli with great food. I enjoyed the lox plate which came with tomato, cucumber, onions, cream cheese and a  bagel. Sis had the chopped liver which tasted like childhood memories. Hubby and brother in law had pastrami and corned beef sammies. We thought the corned beef was better but both were enjoyable. Big portions. Good value. Old school deli vibe.
Not the best deli I've ever been to! The women at the front are kinda rude and aren't on top of their game when there's a rush. I ordered a sandwich and the 4 people who ordered AFTER me got their food before me. 

The sandwich ingredients were good quality, but it was literally slapped together so haphazardly that it was impossible to eat. I got one with turkey and salami on it, and half of the sandwich didn't have turkey and half didn't have salami. You could just tell it was put together so carelessly, it didn't make me feel good about spending $17.  The toothpicks were stuck in sideways and defeated the purpose of having them there in the first place, and the side of fruit was dried out and gross. Like really, if you're going to only give me one strawberry among my "side of fruit", make sure its at least a good one. 

They have a wide variety of things to choose from, but the customer service, and the way they prepared their food left me just thinking "Meh. I've experienced better".
I am upgrading my score thanks to some awesome Matzoh Ball soup!  Saved my passover!  Their Challah is great too and the staff is awesome!  I only wish the place had a little bit less than the cafeteria style seating and better sides.  Do not get the potato pancake unless you want a giant soft mess.

Other than that, so glad they are here in LV! Makes me a little less homesick.
We had Easter breakfast here today with all the fam (11 ppl) kids & adults & everybody left happy with full bellies! The service was outstanding, our waiter (taller young guy) was refreshingly well mannered & very attentive to all our carious requests. We sat on the patio, which was spacious & nicely shaded. The food was delicious & we had quite a variety! Their toast is made with fresh bread baked in their bakery, as was my bagel and both were excellent! We make every effort to support locally and/or family owned restaurant when possible, we'll definitely be returning to Weiss!
Ya gotta go. 

Great family-owned place. Get your butt out of bed on the weekends for breakfast because they have amazing hash options and latkes. Lunch menu is good, too. Servers are friendly and speedy.

In some places they have two 4-seater tables pushed together so if you are a couple and there's a group with 3 (for example), you might be sitting in the same place. It's not weird and adds to the "family atmosphere."

Sometimes, especially on the weekends, it takes forever for someone to acknowledge you to be seated. I appreciate a, "Be right with you!" every now and then but once I waited 20 min before that happened.

Also good to try: Matzoh Ball soup!!
Oh my lord- East coast Jewish delis are amazing, and this place can holds its own with the best of them. As soon as I saw the menu here, I started (favorably) comparing it to Miller's on Polk Street in SF, where I first had matzo ball soup.

The soup here, which we started with, is just as legit. And the portions are just as huge, too- the one pictured is a cup. It could easily be a lunch, and is served with a couple of tasty-ass bagel chips too. Rye flavor, natch.

BF opted for one of the most expensive (and largest) sandwiches ever, the JR Boucher, which is a triple-layer with pastrami and liver. Yeah, that didn't sound tasty to me at all, and it's $18. But we got it, and it's frickin' delicious: all the components work so well together, they harmonize like a choir of angels. Oh and one sandwich is easily like three meals. We shared it and still had half for dinner.

And, because I'm a total glutton and never on this side of town, I had to get my own dish, too. I got the Ceily's stack- latkes stuffed with brisket, topped with two types of cheese and brown gravy. It's even more amazing than it sounds, priced at $12, and is also easily split into thirds. Just finished my order for lunch today.

With two heavy take-out boxes in hand, we rolled ourselves out the door... And promptly axed any plans of looking for a rental property in Henderson, because I don't want to weigh 400 pounds and if this place were nearby, that might be a serious possibility.
Excellent in every aspect.  Had the White Fish platter, comes with 2 bagels, cream cheese,choice of salads,6 sliced tomatoes, capers, green and black olives, lettuce, pickle, etc.  Too much.. will be back without a doubt.  $16.95
Well, I am no stranger to Jewish Delis or Any deli for that matter! I would like to say I'm a connoisseur of sorts. So I was starving today and needed a place to eat. I have heard rave things about Weiss so I though "I'll give this place a shot!" I did just that!

I called a fee times to place my order over the phone considering I had to return to work. They never answered even though they were open. So I hopped my little but in the car and went for a drive. I arrived at this little Deli in between a art supply store and a  hair salon. Wasn't anything to be desires by the curb appeal. I entered and it appeared as if I time wrapped to the early 1990s but I digress! I placed my order, paid and waited....and waited...and waited...then waited some more. My food finally after nearly 25 minutes came to me wrapped in a typical plastic bag and screamed to be eaten! (Insert horror flic screams here!) I ordered the Latkes with Brisket and cheese. A first time meal for me,and was looking forward to it! I rushed to work, opened the package and scarfed my first gooey delish bite of pure bliss! I couldn't stop eating it! I kept shoveling the food in my mouth like a starving child! (Or a fat kid in front of cake!)

I was impressed with the Food. No complaints except for appearance and waiting time! If this place can clean up the decor a bit and work on customer service it will get 5 stars soon!
This place sucks. I stopped in here at 11:30 am for an early lunch and there were people waiting. There was no hostess and nowhere to sign in. I made the mistake of going over to the take out section. The two girls working in take out should be thrown out by the owner. They were both cold and rude with an ATTITUDE! 
Anyway I paid about $ 12.00 for a half tuna sandwich with a side of cole slaw.  I could not believe that  there was nothing on the hard rye bread other then a little scoop of tuna and a tooth pick stuck in the side.  No Lettuce, No Tomato, No Onion, No Mayo, NOTHING!  I thought it was a bad joke. I called Weiss's and asked to speak to the manager. I believe the girl who answered was one of the creeps who was working in the take out section when I was there. She told me that the manager was not there and I could leave my number. I complained to her directly and told her about the "empty sandwich". She said that it clearly states on the menu that you must tell the person taking your order what you want on the sandwich. I do not live in the area and was in take out.. wouldn't you think the girl would ask me if I want lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo on a sandwich?  Jason's on Warm Springs near Stephanie was a thousand times better and half the price of the unfriendly Weiss deli that is way overpriced for bland food.
Best deli in town. Great for us ethnic types. I think even a goy would enjoy a little nosh here.

The booths could be a bit more comfortable but I think if they were the nap that I want after the gigantic pastrami would come to easily. 

I will quit my kvetching and eat. 

Mangiare.
I love Weiss and I love my neighborhood even more for having a place like this. 
It's a legitimate deli with all kinds of great meats by the pound or for sandwiches. The Reuben is amazing, and I love the chicken matzo soup. It has plenty of chicken and the veggies are super fresh and crisp. 
Prices are high, but every item is plenty large for two. Plus quality is high, so overall I think it's a good deal. 
The sit down ambiance isn't anything special, so we usually call ahead for takeout or just eat at a table outside. 
Don't waste your money or calories on the desserts. Meh.
Best bagels and cream cheese ever! I always get the garlic bagel, not toasted with cream cheese. The potato salad, chicken salad, rugelach, and deli sandwiches are also all delicious!
The food is solid, the portions are big, and the prices are great. I keep coming back! Best breakfast in town for the price. I normally get the mother of all hash which comes with two egg and choice of potato pancake, and bagel. I end up splitting it with someone because its a lot of food for under 10$. I just get extra eggs.
Weiss surpassed my expectations!  The hubby & I shared an Open-Face Reuben, Corned  Beef was tender & juicy. 

Desert spread also phenomenal.  Cheesecake was PROPER...creamy & perfect crust. Had my first "Black & White" wow I loved it. We also tried their Macaroon. And another cookie, with raspberry filling then dusted with powdered sugar. (Told you it was a spread)

Looking forward to trying more on their menu!
Right now the "Jewish Deli" is monopolized by the hotels on the strip, and as a local, why would you want to go down there? Especially on a weekend! What to navigate taxi cabs and pedestrians to park in a massive garage and walk a mile to the restaurant? Battle through the smoke filled casino to wait in line with tourists to get a sandwich? No way.

This deli is really traditional. It has all your basics, big sandwiches, ethnic food, Dr Browns soda, soups, etc. It's even good for breakfast, but there are tons of breakfast places so just save this place for lunch or a real early dinner (since they close early). Even if you're "all Americana" you can get some plain Jane sandwiches or a burger, but you should expand your horizons and get at least some pastrami.

The place gets packed on the weekend lunch hour. Not too bad, but if you're in a group larger than 4 you may have a wait. Portions are huge for the price, which is good, unless you are looking to slim down.

The only negative is the bakery inside. The cookiees and pastries are really expensive. I bought 3 small cookiees and the price was almost $8, compared to my entire lunch which was only $15! The 3 cookiees weren't even that tasty.

Skip the bakery, come hungry, leave happy.
Instead of ordering the Bagel platter with lox, I ordered a toasted bagel with side of lox. Also ordered their bread pudding. ..a 5 star dish. Cannot finish it.
Was recommended by a friend to go here. So glad he did. It's a short ride away from the strip. Chicken soup was awesome. I had the two gigantic potato latkas stuffed with brisket which was out of this world. The service was very friendly and attentive. We will definitely stop back on our next visit to Vegas.
Good, but overpriced. Paid $12 for a pastrami sandwich. It was good, but either needed to be bigger or a few bucks cheaper.
The white fish salad sandwich was just okay. Nothing special and a little overpriced. I don't appreciate when I'm told that they don't have any water and offered to buy bottled water for $2.50. So your Coke machine works just fine but there is no water? Shame on you!

I wish they didn't hire these young guys who look if they are skipping high school: I don't expect anything special from a server but I don't want to wait for ten minutes for my check, I expect to get my drink refilled after I was asked if I want it refilled and finally, when I'm trying to remind him about the refill I don't appreciate being told "Have a nice day".
Been wanting to try this place out for awhile, as I love deli food, the menu is pretty good with all standard deli fare , but I wanted to try something a little different , I opted for the Remington , which was shaved roast beef in a slice of great marble rye bread ,sauted onions all covered with a cheese blend and baked till melted and gooey !! Sounded good , buuuutttt, the meat was dry and the combined flavors left a bit to be desired , I had to ask for a side of gravy which helped it along , but not much ! (And I was left burping , the rest of the day ). It was such a shame cuz I really really wanted to like this place !! Maybe I will give it another try , but for now it has quite literally left a bad taste in my mouth !! 


Side note ! 
On the way out I did decide to try a couple of baked goods , and choose a black and white cookie , eh ! Very cakey and although quite large , nothing to write home about , but the shining star here was the cheese Danish !! Which I had the next day , very soft and sweet pastry dough ,filled with lots of sweet and decadent cream cheese filling ! It was large and filled the whole take out container , and is easily at least 2 or 3  servings !! Absolutely sinful !! For that alone 5 stars , but my other menu items were average at best , so I'm sticking with the 3 stars ,until I go back and give this place a second try !
Love this place! Everything on the menu is awesome. I especially love the pancakes, the French dip, the soups which rotate daily, and the potato salad is amazing. They gave BIG portions and is kid friendly. The staff is great and there is even a to-go area with lots of choices to take home. Thus us my favorite breakfast and lunch spot in the valley!
I love East Coast Jewish delis and this is just that in the West. I felt like I was in New York City, it was hard to convince my mind that I wasn't. I ordered a bowl of chicken soup, a onion bagel with cream cheese, and a black and white cookie. (Seinfeld anyone?) The chicken soup was mind blowing! The chicken was so soft and, hmm saying "stringy" sounds odd but it was great. It reminded me of an old little Italian restaurant called "Annabella's". The bagel was excellent. It tasted like a real bagel, not one you would get from a grocery store. Even if you have never had a "real" bagel before you will know when you bite into one of these bagels. The black and white cookie was great as well, it was thick and cakey. My favorite frosting was chocolate but both were great. I would recommend this to anyone! Happy eating.
Disappointed.....live in Green Valley  and wanted to find something close too me.  Corned beef was tender but had absolutely no flavor.  Never again.
Jasons Deli for a meal? Don't order anything with tomato in it. Yes now I remember about the tomato salmonella; but they will let you order anything and not remind you they're no tomatoes. How about a BLT with no tomato? That's one dry sandwich! They made it right but not until I had to complain.
This was my1st time @ Jason's Deli - ever. . . How could I have gone through life for so long w/out trying this place?? My bf says he tried to take me when we lived in Albuquerque but if it didnt serve alcohol he thought I wouldnt want to go?? hmmm.. that was back in my partying days so i'll dismiss it. Anyway, I had 1/4 muffaletta - I orig. ordered the 1/2 but the cashier was like... um. I order th 1/4 and its very filling.. ill take that as a compliment that he thought I was too small or finicky to finish a 1/2.. I like that.. this place is a winner already! 
He was right the 1/4 was perfect.. came with side of ruffles w/ ridges potatoe chips.. and sliver of kosher deli pickle. - so good together. the sandwhich was exactly how i pictured it. the ham & salami coupled with the olive tepanade..oooh with the crunchy yet soft inner bread. I'd def order that again. It also came with a cup of soup. They had about a dozen or so to chose from.. You'd have thought I was @ sweet tomatoes or something! I went w/ the Poblano Corn Chowder. so good - perfect actually and my bf said he was officially addicted to it. :) 
Other chose included: Texas chili, chicken chili, broc. cheese, Tomato & basil, Fire Roasted Tortilla Soup, veggie, and others i cant remember. My bf ordered the chicago.. good but small for his palate. please note we had just come from the gym and it was a weight training day =- we were there for about an hr 1/2.... so he was starving!. Perfect for a girl but a lil light for a grown man. I left my chips and shared my deli. soup. If i were to go again I'd order the salad bar and it was a beautiful fresh looking spread - also including desserts - mini muffins, etc. they even had cottage cheese.. take that sweet tomatoes!  - - ooh and my fav = frozen yogurt.. Cant' have a salad bar w/ out it. Its a must try.
Big Joe featured sandwich should be called "little Joe". Dont order takeout soup. Leaked all over. Biggest disappointment is that I received a call from a customer service rep apologizing and said they would send a gift card but I have never received it. Do not promise something and don't do it. It makes the experience worse
Love Jason's.  I am huge on soup, salad and sandwiches, so they got me right from the get go!  Their chicken pot pit soup is so flavorful!  And, I don't even like chicken pot pie as a rule of thumb.  Free ice cream = an added bonus.  Their baked potatoes are enormous.  Favorite sandwich so far is the chicago club.  Salad bar is decent too.
Great food and FREE ICECREAM!
This Jason's Deli used to be closer to our house.  Then all of sudden it moved.  My wife and I like Jason's deli that we make the longer trip to the new location.  The salad bar is the best.  We usually get the manager's special and try different sandwiches every time we go.  I really like the the chicago sandwich and my wife gets the reuben.  This place is great!
Anyone who has a major food allergy can understand and appreciate any restaurant that takes care in making your food with your allergies in mind and does not make you feel like you're a hassle for having an allergy. 

Welcome to Jason's Deli, a restaurant that does both and is delicious!

Since I am gluten free, I find myself having to cook my own food constantly throughout the week, and I find myself yearning for the days when I could just drive up to a window and get something inexpensive and moderately healthy (or horrible) for my body within 1 minute. After finding Jason's Deli listed in the Celiac Directory in LV, I immediately went online and saw "GLUTEN FREE BREAD" in big, bold letters. 

JOY.

I was a bit weary at first because gluten free bread can be awful. Sometimes GF bread is dense, tasteless, pasty or dry, but Jason's bread is DELICIOUS. It tastes like normal bread - nobody would know the difference between regular and gluten bread if you didn't tell them. Their meats and ingredients are processed as little as possible and every single ingredient was fresh, not browned or wilted and just made my tummy sing. 

I purchased their GF smoked turkey sandwich with smoked red pepper and chili aioli, spinach, purple onion strings and tomatoes. Since I got the sandwich to-go, they even put the tomatoes in a plastic container separate from the sandwich so there would be no sogginess when I dug into the meal back at the office.

The turkey wasn't slimey, spinach was fresh, onions were nice and crisp and without that overwhelming red onion smell and that aioli added just the right taste to the sandwich without being too heavy and overpowering. 

The sandwich came with a bag of Baked Lays, but there were options for fruit, hummus and even guacamole and chips. I wasn't in a soup mood, but they do have a GF tortilla soup. Also, if you look on their website you can view all of the allergen information which makes me feel much more comfortable when eating out.

The restaurant is clean, service was very friendly and online order pickup was quick, easy and just what I needed it to be! I will DEFINITELY go here all the time for lunch and dinner - thank you for giving us GF people back our [healthy] fast food!
A good solid place for lunch. The pastrami sand is massive but the light club is always tasty too. Plus free yogurt is always a selling point mmmmm im fat
It's been a long time since I've been here.  I will have to edit this once I figure out what I ordered, I can't remember what it is at this time. But I didnt like it!!!!! I should have ordered what my husband got was the pastrami, it was huge!  looked just like the picture!
Kids eat free on Mondays between 4:30 to close.  Food is great.  Kids meals are awesome and healthy.  Love this place!!!
Much better than Panera, for about the same price.  Food is sooo fresh, they have salad bar, free ice cream.  Soups are amazing, great variety of sandwiches.
How hard is it to fix a veggie Muffaletta? Obviously its harder than I thought. 2x they messed up my order...not good. Compared to Jason's Deli locations in other states, this one in Henderson just doesn't seem to be up to snuff. With so many other choices of places to eat within a 5 min drive, you can do better by going elsewhere.
My friend and I came in here a couple of times on a work trip because our work wasnt providing us breakfast those days. I am usually pretty skeptical of delis because they always get my order wrong and argue with me when I ask for no mayonnaise, and will always put the pickle on my plate or in my sandwich even though I specifically ask them not to.

But I actually had a good experience here. I ordered the salmon sandwich with a side of fruit. The fruit was fresh and the sandwich was pretty good. The salmon could have been a better cut since it tasted more like rainbow trout than salmon (if you havnt ever had rainbow trout, basically it kind of tastes like dirt), but it was still pretty good. I got them to substitute the aioli for hummus which made for a better spread. I am sure they have a great menu for people who do not discriminate what they eat (I being vegetarian/pescatarian), so most of their menu consists of meat items. But my friend enjoyed his order the first time around, and then got what I got the second time around. If Im ever back in that part of town again I'll try something else and update my review. But Im pretty sure that everyone can find something they like here. They seem to have good quality products and a decent variety of items on the menu.
About 1 year ago we were very frustrated when our orders had simple issues and the delivery server who brought the items to your table didn't speak any English.  So how are they suppose to correct the mistake when they don't understand.  So over the past year we have noticed that there are new people and different managers working.  Also the employees who deliver your meal to your table can speak English.  Bonus is that they are getting our order correct 99% of the time now.
I have been to various Jason's Deli locations throughout the U.S., and they just never seem to satisfy.  Most of the time, they mess up my order.  I can only recall one time when I've escaped Jason's Deli without some kind of incident or mistake.  And what's the deal with the gazillion tables in this place???  

Plus one star for the graham crackers you can find on the salad bar.  Their graham crackers kick butt.  I don't know what they do to them, but they're better than any other I've had.  It's everything I can do not to stuff my purse full of graham crackers and live off them for a few weeks.  Seriously.  Try the graham crackers.  Really... try them.  Really.  I mean it.
I've dined at Jason's Deli a handful of times. In my dining experience, I'm becoming more fond of local eateries, less fond of chain restaurants. I do have to say, Jason's Deli has been dependable when I've gone there for a meal. 

I've never ordered their salad bar, but I've eaten their turkey and spinach/veggie wraps, nutty mixed-up salad, which I love, pastrami sandwich, and their muffalettas. I think of coming here when I want a decent healthy meal, so I appreciate the light portions and the nutritional info they provide for most of their items. Plus, the kids menu is great for my son and their prices are definitely affordable.

I've read a handful of reviews of how they mess up on customers' orders. Perhaps I've had good experiences with them to have that not happen yet. Their employees have been friendly and I do notice them continually cleaning, keeping things tidy. I even recall once when my son spilled his juice, they were still very polite and took care of it immediately. 

I sense that there's many delis out there that are amazing, which I'm sure I haven't tried. I do enjoy Jason's, yet I feel they don't give me the "wow" feeling that other places do when I think of eating there. 

However, they are dependable, convenient, and deliver what I need. Think I'll try one of their huge baked potatoes next time...
Oh my goodness, the salmon-wich is fabulous!  Awesome smoked salmon with amazing avocado dressing and scrumptious bread.   Amazing!!
Out in Hendertucky, and you knew I needed to stop by this place. Too bad the ice cream is out of order!!! Ugh. Well, maybe a good thing. I need to eat less ice cream. However, the bonus was everything is always fresh and made exact to order. They have tons of options and everyone is absolutely friendly every time i come out.
My wife loves the salad bar and free ice cream! I am a big fan of the sandwiches and soups. Clean and staff is always very helpful and friendly. If you are looking for a quick but tasty dinning experience, I recommend giving Jason's I try.
The Reuben sandwich is delicious. I order that each time I go.  The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well. The bread is always fresh and tasty. Great service and clean atmosphere. A go to deli for me.
Jason's offers a nice variety of healthy or not the healthiest of selections. Nothing like options. I jump around their menu and haven't had anything bad yet. My favorites are the Rueben, a few of the club sandwiches and of coarse the broccoli cheese soup. If you want a some soup and sandwich go with the Managers Special. Half a sandwich and a cup of soup, the best of both worlds. Don't forget the complimentary self serve ice cream.
I love,love,love this place. They have organic and gluten free items. The all you can eat salad bar is my favorite. The Salmon Sandwich on gluten free bread is incredible and hits the hunger spot. I love that they are a true healthy restaurant. The staff is usually always friendly. I knew someone who worked for Jasons deli for a long time and I can attest that they take pride in making their customers happy, and the place extremely clean. I wish the environment was a little more welcoming and cozy, but since the food is delicious and at the right price, Ill let the environmental feel slide.
I'm a fan because i can go to the salad bar for 8$ and my man can get a big sandwich just the way he wants it too.. Great deal, fresh and not expensive at all... 
Their salad bar is always fresh and organic is a plus!!! :D
And another plus : i think it's the first place i went to that offer 2 sizes of portion but not "normal or XLarge" but "normal or light"!! and that is definitely a great step!!! ;)
All you can eat salad.  But I like my own dressing....there ranch. Just isn't right.
I came to this location for a take out order (been here before maybe twice) and wanted to have the Zucchini garden pasta. The order says that it comes with zucchini, artichokes and spinach. I asked them to add the mushrooms and their signature tomato basil soup/sauce on it as it is pretty good. However, came home to discover that the dish came with just the bowtie pasta and zucchini with a whole lot of pasta sauce!! I did not pay so much for that dish to have just pasta+sauce and no veggies as advertised. Could go across the street to have some real Italian! Will not visit this location again!
Our team came here in between games for a local tournament. I know how hard it is to accommodate such a large group and they did it with ease!

Nothing we ordered was anything less than delicious. I ordered the Chicken Club Wrapini and was very surprised at how good it was.  I would order the fresh fruit as the side because nothing else seemed to go along with the meal. 

This location was very large and excellent for groups as well as a delicious and fresh salad bar was perfect to help yourself if you didn't want to wait. 

There are a lot of great and easy places around but it was my first time at Jason's and I am glad I branched out and tried something new.
This is going to sound so random, but I so love the complimentary Ginger Bread muffin they offer in the salad bar. I've yet to have it anywhere else.
I'm not sure why I haven't Yelped here before - I would most likely have more than 50 check-ins in the past year or so.  I suppose YELP doesn't come to mind when I am too busy thinking about the Jason's Deli menu and what I will be having for the next meal.  But from now on, I will strive to give one of my favorite places the stars they deserve.

This week my family ate at Jason's (again) and enjoyed every item we had.  One of my favorites is the Ranchero Wrap with a side cup of either Texas Chili (served with no beans) or the Seafood Gumbo.  The Manager's Special of half-sandwich and half-soup is our go-to meal.  The Ranchero Wrap is also served with chips and salsa.

My hubby is in LOVE with Jason's baked potatoes.  He never fails to fall into the trap of the giant Pollo Mexicano served with chicken and jalepenos and cheese.  They have the BIGGEST baked potatoes in town!

For litte ones, Jason's Deli is the perfect place.  Their combination of healthy kids meals is one of the best in town too.  Ours usually enjoys turkey sandwich with fruit and milk.  

And who can complain about a place that serves free soft-serve for all???  Not us!  That little bitty ice cream cone at the end of the meal is a perfect top-off!  

We have come to really enjoy this location and the staff have been super nice and wonderful.  The service is great.  Never a bad experience.
Jasons Deli is delicious! The sandwiches are fantastic as is the soup and the service was excellent! Very fast! Definitely would go to again!
I've never been to the store but since they have a website that's pretty easy to navigate and customer friendly I thought I would try it. Prices seemed reasonable enough so I placed an order, paid with my cc, and requested delivery between 6 and 6:30. The driver arrived really early, I wasn't even home from work yet. My husband answered the door and was told he had to pay cash since the order was placed on my cc and I was not yet there. I called the store and Kimberly said she was refunding my online payment since she had just spoke with the driver. The food was put together as ordered. It was ok...but nothing great. It could have been a better experience if the delivery had not been too early. I have yet to see the refund in my bank account.
Jason's is awesome!  My husband and I tried this place for the first time for lunch the other day and we both walked away full and happy!  I can't wait to go back and try the yummy looking salad bar or one of their many daily soups or delicious sounding potatoes or just get another Ranchero Wrap! (loved the blue corn tortilla chips and fresh salsa too)

*Super fresh ingredients and generous portions
*Awesome service without trying too hard
*Great menu - there's something for EVERYONE here
*FREE ice cream!
*Convenient location, easy to get in and out, large, open dining room
This is one of my favorite places-I eat here all the time and leave happy, full and feeling  like I ate healthy! Love the Amy Turkey-O sandwich as well as the Organic Vegetarian Vegetable soup which is one of the best soups I have ever had-vegetarian or otherwise!
Always loved Jason's Deli. Been visiting since 2001, frequenting the location in Summerlin in Boca Park. They never let me down with the selection of vegetarian meals.

This location is pretty nice. Love coming here for lunch. The Zucchini Grillini and Spinach Veggie Wraps are my go to meals. Always a great experience. The staff here is great and I love that they come to your table with your food and come to pick up your plates afterwards. Note, this is like a sit down restaurant experience outside of having to stand in line to order. So, I try and leave a tip at the table when possible for the table service. Also love the option of a free ice cream cone after lunch, if you so desire. 

I recommend this location. Great sandwiches and great service. Thumbs up from this guy!
We've been coming to and enjoying this Jason's Deli for many years. They must have changed hands recently with new owners or something because the quality of both the food and the service have gone downhill in a major way. The staff has major attitude and the food is simply not up to par. So sad...another good business down the tubes. Completely unejoyable. Probably won't be coming back here anymore.
It was my first time there and I will defiantly go back. Everyone that works there are very nice and super helpful. They gave everyone at my table a box of cookies because they made too many. The salad bar has a good variety and is fresh. I added a cup of tomato basil soup for just 99 cents. They also have free ice cream!
For me, Jason's Deli is a solid Las Vegas stand-by. It's probably the only "go to the counter and order" establishment that I'm really comfortable with. The staff is always friendly and helpful and this time around the manager helped us with the menu. I love this place. Walk in the door, file through the line, order your food, get a number,  go to your seat, delivery. Soups, salads, a full salad bar, sandwiches. Yeah. This is it.

I was going to go with something simple here, like the salad bar, but after a long day and just discovering that our flight is delayed 2 hours, I decided on something better than just a salad, but the all you can eat salad bar would have been awesome. Where can you get an all you can eat salad bar these days for $7.59? I knew we were going to be hanging out for awhile so I got what I wanted. One thing I really hate though is when the online menu doesn't reflect the current menu at the store.

Anyway, all that aside, I love the place and I loved my wild salmon sandwich on gluten-free bread. The bread was actually pretty good and managed to stay in one piece. The salmon was generous in portion and made this sammy worth every penny.

I've been in 2 Jason's Delis and they have a great well thought out floor plan here. It's cavernous with plenty of seating, though they could stand for more booths. The only ones I could see are by the windows but no matter. There were plenty available. If I were still living in Las Vegas/Green Valley, I would be a regular here, no doubt.
So I've been here twice now, the other time being around three or four months ago. Each time I've gone in here, I get the turkey wrap, which is pretty good. I don't find that they skimp too, too much. My only complaint, and why they're getting two stars from me is for the atmosphere. As other yelpers have said, there is a ton of tables in there! Some clean, some dirty. Booths are rickety and could seriously use some attention other than just being wiped down. The worst, worst thing of all is that (I don't know if it's just me) but each one of the two times I've gone in there, it smells so, so badly of bad odor. Just armpit stank all up in your nostrils. Trust me, I know the difference between onion and food smells and bodily fumes. This location has some seriously unpleasant aromas going on, and I'd definitely want to know what's up with that and hope they fix it if I decide on going there sometime in the future.
Called up for take out and ordered a Sgt. Pepper.  Was told they no longer had peppers and onions so that sandwich was off the menu.  For that reason my rating went down to 2 stars.
Hands down for the zucchini sandwich! It's beyond delicious! I ordered with seasonal fruits and it came with a tasty vanilla yogurt dip! Loved it!
I love the sandwiches here at Jason's Deli. Great service, cool atmosphere, helpful and nice employees.  I really enjoy the croissant club . It is my favorite sub. it has guacamole on it. that rocks. also great tomato soup. It's the best.
First stumble on the joint when I was looking for restaurants on Yelp. We came in almost closing time and they were nice enough to take our orders of dine in. So I was help by the manager of Jason deli(forgot his name) but from San Diego said his name tag I ordered a wild salmon sandwich and chicken Alfredo and they were awsome. They also gave us free ice cream. Anyway the staffs was so nice and pleasant although it's past closing time, i'lll definitely be back here again. Thank you Jason Deli ' staffs for an awesome experience at your service.
Excellent broccoli cheese soup!  Recommend the salmon sandwich too.  The salad bar had a lot of different items on it, but was missing some of the standards, i.e. black olives.  But still worth the trip and I would go back here again.
I love this place! It is my family's favorite place to eat. The Salad bar is excellent and organic and their sandwiches are amazing.  My favorite sandwich is the muffaletta. It's a friendly atmosphere and everything is clean and orderly. For such quality food the price is very reasonable and to top it of they offer free ice cream for all.
Good for half sandwich and soup deals here. I love the pastrami sandwich here. French onion soup is delicious and they have a full salad bar too.
Thoroughly impressed with Jason's deli! Actually ended up there because the place we were trying to go to across the way had closed down. So glad we got to eat here instead! 

 Different feeling for a deli here. Family friendly environment without screaming children or the greasy stench of fast food! 

 I ordered the half sandwich and soup. The club royale was huge and I could hardly finish it! Being from Louisiana, I was very critical of the spicy seafood gumbo going in but it really passed the test! There wasn't much "seafood" in it, more like a few small shrimp but it had a great consistency and was spicy enough that it was burning this southern girls mouth! 

 All the food tasted very fresh - I didn't feel like I was at subway or the like. The service was good - had a couple of people stop by the table and check on us. 

 To top it all off - you apparently get a little cone of ice cream free with any meal purchase! Who can beat that? 

 Over all terrific experience! Left very full and happy - will absolutely be back and will be recommending Jason's Deli!
I always enjoy going here especially when I'm in the mood eat healthy. I really like the salad bar because they keep all the veggies and toppings fresh. The casual atmosphere and the large space makes me feel comfortable and relaxed to eat at my own pace. I must say this is a go to spot for a laid-back lunch or early dinner!
Jason's Deli never disappoints..
One of my go-to's when choosing a place to eat for lunch!

Items I choose are : 
Soups - Tortilla Soup, Broccoli Cheddar or Tomato Basil
Sandwiches - Tuna Melt, Reuben, Beefeater (roast beef on French bread to be dipped in a cup of au jus), or Wild Salmon-wich
Pasta - Zucchine Garden Pasta
Mixed Fruit - served with their creamy, fruit dip

They do a half-half deal.. Half sandwich & cup of soup OR half sandwich with side salad! And they also do a build-your-own sandwich! 

Most of the menu items come with a side of chips and/or fruit! 

Good price for quality and quantity you get!
On my way home from work on those days when I need to pick up dinner, my mind immediately takes me to Jason's Deli.  Their food is high quality and fresh; not fast food or greasy burgers.  Their menu offers many different options from homemade soups; pastas (such as Chicken Alfredo or Penne Pasta with Meatballs); assorted salads; Po'boy sandwiches or build your own sandwich with your choice of meats, breads, various cheeses and extras such as avocado slices and oven roasted herb tomatoes, organic field greens, and organic spinach, all on a build your own sandwich of your own choosing.  They also have "Favorite" sandwiches.  My favorite by far is the Beefeater Sandwich (roast beef on French bread) with cup of au jus or the Club Royale - Delicious!  By the way, don't forget the extensive and wide variety Salad Bar -- not to be missed!
Jason's Deli is a reliable option when I'm looking for a quick, fairly healthy, no-fuss lunch. There's a great menu, including a variety of sandwiches, wraps, soups, salads, and their fresh, fully stocked salad bar. And you can customize these items as well - sandwich and soup, half sandwich and salad, etc. One of my favorites there is the Mediterranean wrap and I love that I can get a side of steamed veggies.The service is quick and friendly and the prices are fair. The dining room is huge with plenty of tables and booths.  Added bonus (which I try not to take advantage of too often, LOL): Free (yep, you read right, FREE) ice cream.  I'll keep coming back for a reliably delicious lunch!
Love this place! Me & my family of 4 can all eat for $20! That's cheaper than fast food!!! And they have pretty healthy food . Me & my boys also have celiac's disease & they are really good with not cross contaminating & have a couple things to choose from that are gluten free.
Good atmosphere but the California club sandwich was smothered in mayo to the point where it was inedible. My girlfriend got the ranch wrap and said it tasted like cardboard and she will eat anything. No Bueno.
Had a group of 15, most had never been here.  They wait staff was helpful and set up a table for us as soon as we walked in.  The food was great!  I would recommend any of it.  The food came out all at once.  Will definitely come here again next time I'm in the Vegas area.  The beefeater, Cuban and Reuben were just a few of the things we ordered.
Tonight while looking for somewhere to have dinner my boyfriend and I ended up at a crossroads. We pulled into a strip mall on Warm Springs across from sunset station and found ourselves stuck btwn 3 delicious options; Napoli pizza, The Great Greek or Jason's Deli. Knowing if we went to Napolis I would  eat wayyy to much greasy pizza and hate myself after, and having had Greek food the night before we settled with Jason's. 

It was almost 830 by the time we got inside and noticed they closed at 9. The employees were friendly and didn't seem bothered by our late arrival. My bf decided on the beefeater sandwich which is essentially a French dip, and I the salad bar. The nice cashier who rang us up gave us soft drinks for free. +1 star for that. The salad bar looked fresh and clean. The veggies were crisp and the dressings tasted homemade. Besides your standard salad bar offerings they also had a few potato salads, pasta salad and puddings. As well as various mini muffins, crackers and bread. They also have soft serve ice cream for dessert. I got to have a bite of the beefeater and it was good. It came piled high with lots of roast beef, melty cheese and a side of au jus. It was nothing special but it was definitely a big filling sandwich for around $8.50. Good service good food good price. I'll be back.
Good Food, Clean place my kids love it
Had to have my hot pastrami today with some fresh spinach inside. Also had the fresh fruit with the half a sandwich. Very filling and with a a beverage lunch was quite expensive for this day an age for $11.11 for my meal.  It was yummy as always.
My favorite sub shop...the original starting on the campus of Eastern Illinois University.  I am not a fan of Subway, Quizno's, Schlotsky's , Port of Subs, etc.  I love Jimmy's bread and fresh ingredients.  The sign quotes are great too:"the customer is usually right", "your mom wants you to eat at Jimmy John's","We'd love to see you naked but state code requires a shirt and shoes" ,"Free Smells", "bread so French it must be liberated!"  This location was a find one day as I was leaving UMC...out patient of course!
I miss Jimmy John's badly, its basically the only grub I remember from my college years in the Midwest.  Its all about the #9 aka Italian Night Club.  Fingers crossed, someday this will open up in LA!!
It's always good to have an alternative to Subway and Quiznos.  Even though we have Port of Subs here in Vegas, it's still a very sterile place.  Jimmy John's is finally a chain sandwich shop with some personality.

The menu has a mix of specialty and plain sandwiches.  Sub style or club style.  I went with the turkey breast "plain slim" with cheese.  This is great for me because "plain slims" are just bread and meat.  I know that makes me incredibly weird, but that's how I like my cold sandwiches.  One downfall of this place is the lack of bread selection.  Just plain french.

I asked one of the workers what the most popular sandwiches are.  She said the #9 (Italian Night Club) and #12 (Beach Club).  There is some seating, though not a lot.  You can order online and check out the catering specials.  If I'm in the area I'd check this place out again.
Jimmy Johns is SOOOO GOOOOD! their service is very good too. the price is just right! I love coming here at my lunch time
Kinda a disappointment for me. I had the #10- Hunter's Club (1/4 lb of sliced medium-rare roast beef) which falls under the "club style" sandwich.  According the menu, the club style are double meat.  It looked like a regular ol' sub- and NOT double meat.  Like another reviewer, I thought it would an alternative to Subway or Quizno's, but it was just the same.  The bread was similar, the shredded lettuce, and meat.  It was decent, but nothing special.
A superior alternative to Subway..... by far!
One of my favorite sandwich chains by far! When it comes to the big sandwich chains in town (Subway, Quizno's, Firehouse, etc), this one is by far my favorite. The french bread and the sliced wheat are both SO YUMMY, but they also make low carb unwiches as well. The beach club with sprouts, avocado, cucumber, and turkey, and the Italian Sub (called Vito) are my 2 favorites depending on my moods. The prices are reasonable ( under $5 for most sandwiches), and the service is "freaky fast" as they say... I will say this location is tiny inside, and I wouldn't head over there and plan on dining in with a group larger than 2 ! Otherwise it's the same yummy sandwiches found at every other JJ.
This place used to be right smack in the center of my commute to and from work. Thus, I was here a lot! This place is dangerously good!

As far as I'm concerned, the Beach Club is the world's greatest sandwich. There's nothing wrong with it, they make it on the quick, and all the ingredients are top-notch and really, really, really good. They're so good that they make you question the quality of the sandwiches you get in other establishments, so you get spoiled. 

I only ever get the Beach Club because I think it's perfect, though I've gone with other people who have ordered other options, as well. Nobody has ever complained about anything, and all the reviews I've gotten have been pretty dang good! The only consistent "I just wish..." comment about this place is that it's small inside. 10 people in here and this place is jammed and you'll have to "excuse me, pardon me" your way across the place. Not really a negative at all, but just so you know. 

On my last trip here, I ordered 3 sandwiches and some drinks and stuff. I walked out spending $25, which is a great deal for the food you're getting. It's like fast food in terms that you get it quickly, but not fast food in terms of quality. This place is full of win.
Best sandwich place!!! Sorry subway, quiznos & port of subs! Jj is a winner in my book! My favs are totally tuna, the Italian, & the gargantuan!! So close to my house too!
Food is great, place is a little small but does the job well. Only thing I can say bad is the blonde girl at the register needs a personality, and we can all do without her sarcasm
Excellent sandwiches for less than 5 dollars.  They're great, as long as you're not looking for any hot sandwiches.

Bread is slightly chewy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside.  The hallmark of just baked daily bread.  Probably my idea of a great sandwich bread.  

Meats, veggies, cheese, and condiments are pretty standard and fresh.

I think it says a lot when you pay for you food, walk over to get your drink, and they hand your sandwich to you on your way over to the soda fountain.
Fast fresh & delicious!
The service is extremely FAST. The parking at this location is extremely horrible... GOOD LUCK. I found the meat portion to be extremely small for a $6.00 sandwich. I do not like any of their chips. This location is very small, and because it is busy, this is a problem. Good luck fining a seat or a place to stand. Be careful stepping over the homeless that sit outside and beg for change for their next beer that they proudly go right to 7-11 and purchase while you are waiting on your sandwich.
Two times this week we have ordered sandwiches from Jimmy's at my place of work.  They were delivered promptly.  I had heard of Jimmy John's but had never eaten any of their food.  I thought my sandwiches were awesome.  The french bread is just like I like it.  Slightly chewy.  I had the roast beef with provalone, lettuce, tomatoes, oregano and oil and vinegar.  Perfect.
OMG.  Just got their turkey sandwich.  Again, got prompt delivery.  The sandwich was perfect.  That's the only way I can describe it.  And the huge dill pickles as a side dish are really crisp and yummy.  Someday I'll have to actually go to their shop and see what it's like.
LOVE JIMMY JOHNS.... But I'm kind of pissed at this location.  I was overcharged and not given my appropriate change back.  I was upsold on my sandwich and not informed of the extra dollar charge as well.  Also, at the time I began this review, workers in the back were "pretending" to sneeze on things.  Not appropriate for food service.  I have never had a problem at the ones back home in South Dakota.

PS: I WOULD GO TO A LOCATION IN LOS ANGELES IF THEY HAD FRANCHISES HERE!!!!
Fast, good, and reasonably priced!  Kind of drooling just thinking about it.
Way cheaper than Capriati's and as good. This place was just around the corner of where I usually work and so disappointed that I've wasted my lunch breaks for months on unhealthy fast food joints.  

I'm not a fan of jersey shore, nor do I fist pump in the clubs but my first experience of the "Italian Night Club" (sandwich) was really good. You can really taste how fresh the salami, tomatoes, bread were and the red pepper just added a real good kick to the taste of it all.  It's like the jersey shore casts without snookie, because it's a healthy sandwich as well.

Today I tried the LuLu club (turkey with bacon). A good sandwich but with a taste you can definitely imitate at your own kitchen, so it was nothing special.  It was just the cheddar bread that brought a different distinctive taste to it.  I suggest skip this and try something else if you come here.

Service is great. It's like they have an assembly line of workers each dedicated to just adding a tomato, lettuce, and so on.  So it's pretty quick which is a good thing for people who want to maximize their break time in sleeping or talking to their special someone, making kissing noises, and saying you hang up for freaking 10min back and forth.

From my whole experience, 4 stars overall baby!
I really wasn't impressed with my sandwich. They don't put enough meat on it.  The taste was ok but I mainly tasted bread.  For the price of the sandwich I'm better off going to subway.
I love JJ's!
The sandwiches are good and they make them quick. I have never had a bad experience at this location.
I wish the parking were better sometimes but I guess a full lot means they are doing something right. With Omelette House nearby at busy times you can end up parking just about anywhere in the lot and walking to JJ's lol.
I cannot believe I never gave this place a try before until recently.  

I'm from the East Coast so I am really picky about hoagies.  This place killed it!  They're just like the hoagies back home.  I love the Italian hoagie.

It's affordable too.  The employees are always friendly.

The location is in a sketchy part of town, so be cautious and alert.
Yum!
Yum, yum, yum!  Jimmy John's has some great sandwiches.  Good price for a quality sandwich.
Sandwiches are good, but the young kids that work behind the counter play the grunge music so friggin loud you can't stay inside too long.  I thought it was just a one time thing, but the next two times I came back it was the same thing.  Not goin' back any time soon.  I like to choose when to crank the grunge music up!  On the flip-side, maybe they blast the music to keep people from staying... it IS a tiny little place after all.
I love Jimmy John's! The bread is always perfect. This location gets really busy and there isn't much room to sit and eat, but the staff working there moves pretty fast. 

I always order the Turkey Tom, even they are usually out of the alfalfa sprouts. But no big deal.

One thing to note: this location DOES NOT deliver. My office is located less than 2 miles away on Charleston and they said that's too far for delivery. They delivered to us once this summer, but after that they refused, even when we had a really big order.
Had to find some quick for lunch near work.  Coworkers suggested we do Jimmy John!

I grabbed their roast beef and turkey sandwich.  Of course I like a lot of meat.  Sandwich was very nicely done.  The roast beef of course felt better than the stuff you get from subway.  I did wish that I could get a different bread like how subway does it.  But this bread was alright and I kind of wish it was toasted.  

It's quick and convience for me.  I def will come back and perhaps give it another shot or another type of sandwich.
I used to go here and order from them alot.  I have over the past few days been calling there to place a phone order and no one answers the phone.  I dont know if they have a problem or not.  I then tried the on line ordering and that was down for that location as well.  Not sure if it is just them or what is going on.  The subs are great, but it would be nice to know if they have a problem or not.
Poor service (repeated my order three times and it was still wrong), loud music (probably the reason the girl could not hear me and got the order wrong), wrong change (even after I pointed it out, they did not correct it, the cashier walked away), no selection (no pastrami, no swiss, cheddar, only provolone, etc). Why would anyone want to eat here?
This location finally opened! Never tried JJs before but my co-workers always talked about it. Work treat us for lunch and I'm a believer! Ingredients are fresh, order was correct, delivery was on time, only reason why I didn't give it a five star rating is because I didn't dine in to see the place.
Ok, ok, you got me Mr John. Seems like when lunch time comes around, you just happen to have a location that is conveniently nearby. I have been to this location several times before you guys decided to close down to remodel and boy that seemed like forever. Now that you guys are open, I see that you made the place even better. I think out of all the other locations I have been to, this is definitely the biggest one.

As for the sandwiches, you cant really go wrong with any of them. Except maybe the veggie sandwich. Come on man! What kind of sandwich is that if you don't have any meat up in there? To me that sandwich does not exist except for when I mention that it doesn't exist in this review.

I basically have 4 sandwiches I order as a normal rotation. They are #8 Billy Club, #14 Bootlegger Club, #16 Club Lulu, and if I am really hungry, The JJ Gargantuan (it's so much meat that giving it a number was not gonna be enough).

Sure I can go on and on about what is in these sandwiches but I don't want to waste your time. Just stick to this rule of thumb: If you like ham, roast beef, turkey, and bacon, then any one of those that I mentioned will definitely satisfy you especially the JJ Gargantuan. This monster has salami, ham, capicola, roast beef, turkey and provolone topped off with onion, lettuce, tomato, and Italian dressing.

Pro tip: If you refer to their menu, there are freebies that you can have them put in your sandwich like onions, lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, sliced cucumber, hot peppers, dijon mustard, yellow mustard, oil, vinegar, and oregano. If your sandwich does not normally have these items, they will not put it in your sandwich unless you specifically tell them to. Same thing for freebies that are already in your sandwich. You can order extra of that item. Also don't be afraid to ask for different bread. They give you the standard white bread with all your sandwiches but you can ask for wheat or the traditional sliced bread.

Service will always be lightning quick because of a couple of factors. All the sandwiches they make are cold so there is no time wasted in cooking or heating anything up. Secondly, they have an assembly line type of set up so you have different people taking turns putting stuff in your sandwich.

The only thing that takes that one star away is that because they don't have any hot sandwiches like meatball or a cheesesteak. I love my usual sandwiches but sometimes I gotta have something hot and fresh off the grill. Until they make that happen, it will always be 4 stars from me.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #66
So fast so fresh and with the expansion of this location this jimmy johns is the best sand witch place around the area.
They won't deliver if you're more than 5 minutes away. Bad customer service. I don't recommend this location.
Best Jimmy Johns in the valley! Friendly staff, delicious and fast subs. I will return!
I am so thankful this Jimmy Johns location has re-opened. My office frequented Jimmy Johns for a while often times making the few blocks walk down Charleston Blvd for lunch. Then we started ordering online and having it delivered. Partly we did it because we're lazy. Partly because it is quick and easy. And there is no outrageous delivery fee. We were so saddened by the closing of this store. I saw they were remodeling and that provided us with some glimmer of hope. But it seemed so long between the closing and the eventual re-opening. It was disheartening to say the least. Nevertheless they did open the doors once again and we have resumed our ordering of their sandwich masterpieces. Recently I took my dad in for his first Jimmy Johns experience. I've got him hooked now. We both got the same sandwich. A Jimmy Johns Gargantuan with all the fixings including hot peppers. The roast beef, turkey, salami, tomatoes, lettuce, onion etc all crammed into the chewey bread is a hard sandwich to beat. And with the new expanded store it is a pleasure to dine in now. The previous version was small and cramped beyond and reasonable comfort level. The new version 2.0 of this location is more open and inviting. The staff is great and as they say, Jimmy Johns is "Freaky Fast."
My coworker and I wanted to do something nice for our team and get sandwiches for everyone. We had already called a couple different places for catering trays but it was so last minute everyone denied us except jimmy johns. They made two trays of sandwiches all in 30 minutes and they were delicious. Service was great over the phone and at the store.
Very impressed.

First time here and was yummy.

Oh, and super fast!

Service and staff were friendly also.
OK. This is HUGE news. I have found the absolute best deli in Las Vegas. Seriously. Bob's East Side Deli offers a great selection for breakfast and lunch. You would never notice the actual building, because it is smack dab in the middle of two office parks, but if you find it, it's like finding the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Hot subs, cold subs, salads, side dishes, and great homemade desserts are just the beginning of the lunch menu. The bread for all of the subs and sandwiches is baked fresh as well. The actual deli is not a place I would recommend  for a quiet, peaceful lunch. It is buzzing with traffic constantly. Businessmen, students, and nearby residents jam pack this smaller deli around lunch time, so make sure you know what to order before getting to the front of the line. Or, they offer delivery, faxed orders, and call-ins. If you work in the vicinity, or are simply searching for the perfect sub, Bob's is the place for you.

Recommended sub: Marino's Special, which is a meat lover's delight! 

Recommended dessert: The chocolate brownie is perfection wrapped in plastic.
BY FAR the BEST Deli in Vegas. Being from NY originally this is thebest place for a great, no PHENOMINAL breakfast sandwich. The sandwhiches are incredible. I am not sure what kind of bread he uses but it is the BEST. I cant believe that more people do not know about this place. It is hidden in a more commerical area but I literally go to eat there almost every weekend. I cant get enough of the double egg cheese and sausage breakfast sandwich! If you have not tried it you need to!!
Don't do delivery.
My food came totally messed up in every way. Not good at all.
I have been eating Bob's Deli for over 10 years!  Nothing beats it!
Omg! This place is definitely buried treasure. Its none of that corporate bs like from subway, quiznos, or capriottis. It just screams local and awesome. I used to go there every morning after work to get sandwiches and breakfast. Or sandwiches for breakfast. They are only open for lunch. It is a mom and pops sandwich joint. They slice their own deli, and EVERYTHING is homemade. The prices are so cheap, and you get a good amount of food for the cost. It is a bargain. I sandwiches are huge and range about 6 to 7 bucks. I personally love their reuben and corned beef hash sandwich on rye. Its full of flavor, and loaded with meat. As far as breakfast dishes, I recommend their breakfast steak sandwich, and their 2.99 corned beer breakfast. You also have to get a side of hash browns with anything! The hash browns are lightly brown, extra crispy, and soft in the center. Just the way a hash brown should be. I mean...I even close my eyes sometimes when I take bites of their hash browns.

Oh...and their service is awesome. They get very personal with you, and they speak to you with your name as if they've known you for years. They remember faces, even if you only go there a few times. Definitely come here for lunch or breakfast.
**Summary**
       - Locale - Nested on the side of an office building. It's definitely hidden (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/750iLCqKvDnIWzRSRSUlrg?select=ExOaTaj3LrN2lyNA94wD6Q).
       - Value - You get a decent lunch for under $10.
**Price**
       - $5 - $10 for Lunch (http://bobseastsidedeli.com/lunch-menu.html)
**Ordered**
       - Marino's Special - Cold Sub with Ham, Salami, Cappocolla, Pepperoni, Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Oil & Vinegar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/750iLCqKvDnIWzRSRSUlrg?select=PQ-AGFS1XJ-wMlfkdQKm0w).
       - Steak Philly Topped with Cheese, Mushrooms, Onions & Peppers (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/750iLCqKvDnIWzRSRSUlrg?select=Gt-AZVFAwKf6wJgasZz1cg).
       - Chicken Fingers & Fries - Five giant chicken fingers and fries for $7 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/750iLCqKvDnIWzRSRSUlrg?select=qFaFlLvo7DDiNqAWhAOvFw).
**Recommendations**
       - This is a great alternative to Quizno's and Subways. The price isn't too steep and the food's decent.
There are no "sandwich artisans" here, just friendly people who care about what they put across their counter.  If you are looking for a place where you are served with a smile by people who really take pride in their work, then this place is for you.  The bread is great and the sandwiches taste like they should.  This is a great kept secret in town and it's too bad.  They could compete with any of the chain locations.  It has an old school neighborhood feel and you can't get away from the charming staff.  This is a family run joint with a family feel.  If I want to get a bite at a place with character, this is where I go.  
Do yourself a favor and get the roast beef sandwich.  You will thank yourself for it.
Great local place!  I love places like this.  Family owned, and knows how to treat their guests.  Besides that, the food is great!  I had the Philly and Reuben there before and they were good!  

Pro:  Hospitality
Food and portions of orders.

Cons:  Closes in the afternoon.  -- However, considering their location, I understand.
First time visit. The sandwich was great. Had the corned beef Reuben. The french fries were OK. My friend had the chicken Philly. Said it was great. We will go back. Good prices, great service, good food.
This place is good. Really good, actually. It's sort of hard to find, tucked away in some pseudo-industrial officeplex on E Patrick (just west of Del Sol, on the north side of the street). You can definitely tell it's a locally owned and operated kinda place. It would get five stars, but my corned beef sandwich was, though completely satisfactory, not stellar. My friend's meatball sub, however, WAS stellar. So get that. They make their meatballs fresh by hand. In fact, the owner is the one who made our sandwiches. Nice guy, in an east coat deli proprietor sorta way. Really, they deserve five stars just for the "no students in the bathroom" signs on the bathroom doors. Pretty damn funny if you ask me. Definitely worth checking out for a quick lunch, especially on your way to or from McCarran. As far as delis in Las Vegas go, you're really not gonna do any better. And that's not a bad thing.
We came here for breakfast.. so I can't comment on the lunch menu. The breakfast I make at home is way better. The breakfast menu is so simple it hurts to talk about. The bacon reminded me of my days in the military chow hall or buffet style bacon that sits in a silver container filled with oil. I imagine the lunch side of this deli is where its at, but we eat at so many other lunch spots, I doubt I will ever know..
So this review has nothing to do with the food as my sandwich was delicious. However, the service rubbed me the wrong way.  I came to order some lunch with a coworker and was next in line to order. A man, who I assume was a regular customer, was standing behind me. Rather than take my order the cashier asked the man behind me what he wanted that day and completely ignored the fact that I was standing right in front of her. It was SO rude!  Way to wow a new customer. I won't be going back. There are plenty of other options in that area for lunch that offer much better customer service. The food wasn't so good that I would tolerate bad customer service for a sandwich. Off to Subway!
My coworkers and I order breakfast from Bob's a few times a month.  The Hungry Man Hero is a huge breakfast sandwich.  It is so good.  You pick your meat (ham, sausage or bacon) and how you want your eggs(i go over medium) and it is put on a huge sub roll with cheese and fried hashbrown patty.  I usually have half for breakfast and the other half for lunch.  It is that big.  How much you ask?  Only $3.99...really it's $3.99.  We always get it delivered.  They can get busy at times but they always get it to us quick.  We have ordered a few times for lunch.  Lunch is average.  Seems like most things are pre packaged, like frozen and then cooked or fried. Prices are cheap and there is no minimum for delivery which is nice.  Def give them a try if you work or live in the area.
Just stopped by for lunch ... I have heard of it before and am surprised I haven't tried this place. Me and my friend ordered and shared an Eggplant Parm sandwich and a Pastrami Reuben ... Both sandwiches were delish ... I will for sure get a Reuben again ... The staff was helpful with suggestions and very nice .. I think they deserve 5 stars this time !!!
Got the Marino Sandwich and Bob's Favorite.  Okay, my first time here.  Delicious.  I'll be back.  Stopped here on a whim.  Had read about it, never could find it.  It's a do over.
Just stopped in for a breakfast burrito today. this was awesome. a must try!
It can be hard to find. Just drive around the building you will see it!

I do believe that if you are looking for a great sub or sandwich you might have found a great spot.  We ordered salads, and don't get me wrong there was absolutly nothing wrong with them.  Its just that there was nothing special about them either.  I had the grilled chicken salad and it came with nothing more than tomato wedges, and mixed lettuce, the dressing and a chicken breast.  Tasted great the dressing was great, just nothing special.  
The staff was very friendly and the food was good.  The dining room was clean and well kept.  Nothing fancy but for a quick lunch, who cares.
Great food.  Great service.  Great people.  Great Value.
Best sausage, peppers and onions around!
If you're on the East side and you're hankering for a sandwich, but you don't want to go the route of a chain, then Bob's is here for you!

Located in a business park off of Patrick Lane, Bob's is an unassuming joint. There is a sign leading the way for you though, so do not be afraid of the business-like exterior. Inside is a no-frills sandwich shop bringing you cold and hot sandwiches alike. Tables and chairs scream community kitchen, but do no be afraid, go ahead and order a sandwich. 

I went with the simple cold, turkey, cheese, and salami with everything. Lettuce, tomatoes, and red onions. Also comes with mayo, which by the way, you should probably ask for light mayo if you are watching your figure, OR if you just don't want to have an over-slathering of mayo on your sandwich. Next time I'm there I'll opt for the lighter option. Other than the mayo the sandwich was great. Just enough meat and cheese and fillers in my opinion. There wasn't one prominent part of the sandwich. The bread was also incredibly soft making for a great texture wrapped around the meat, cheese, and veggies.

My husband went for the French Dip, while on the smallish side, he said was good. We also shared a bag of chips.

Bob's is simplistic. Sandwiches. Chips. Salami. Cheese. Bam. Bam. Bam. Don't expect any crazy aioli sauces or fancy-pants toppings for your sandwiches here. 

I'll be back when I'm in the mood for a good deli sandwich.
corned beef, pastrami, and love. all the things u get at bob's deli. thanks for remembering me guys. didnt show up there for 3 years and walk in and they even remembered my name! food awesome people awesome. feels and tastes like new york again
I was getting my car serviced over at Discount Muffler (great place by the way!) My belly was growling after another lady walked in with McDonald's, so I pulled out my Yelp app and it led me down the block to Bob's Deli.  This is by far the cheapest breakfast that I've had in a long time...corned beef hash, eggs, and toast all for under $4!  Most of their breakfast deals are under $5!  The corned beef hash was not overly salt, and it was a nice mix of corned beef and potatoes.  And you can never go wrong with some over easy eggs....now if only it came with rice =).
Somewhat off the beaten path and not an easy find, but the sandwiches are terrific.  Exactly what you would expect out of a quality deli.

The variety in the menu is good and they are more than accommodating if you want to make any modifications.  Solid place for a hearty sammie.
yum yum yummy !!!!!!!!

I only came here real quick for something to put in my tummy while i was running errands.  I wasnt starving so i got a muffin and a large diet coke....

The drink cup was HUGE !!! And only 1.83 !!!

The muffin was amazing....so good and fresh and big !!!

Cant wait to go back and try more from their menu when im a but more hungry.
Having family ties to New York this place is a hidden treat in Las Vegas. The corn beef and pastrami sandwiches reminded me of the old Jewish deli in new work city. Friendly people who want to make sure you get exactly what you want and make sure you leave satisfied and full. The menu options are plentiful so I'm sure that there is something for everyone. I wish they were open later so get there early! Can't wait to go back for another delicious treat.
LOVE this place!!!! I've never had anything bad here! Great little hidden away spot!!! LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!!!
I have been going to Bobs since I was in middle school. I do have to say that they have the absolute best chicken fingers! Everyone there is nice as well. They are always very cheery and happy when you go in there. Not only does this place serve good food but it smells like food heaven when you walk in too. They have great quality food and service for a great price!
This is the best deli sandwich in the Green Valley area.  Jan and Mr. Marino is genuine owners who do work the restaurant.  The portions are for the hungry man, the working man and my favorite is the Marino's Special cold sandwich.  The trick is Bob's is a luncheon and not open during the weekends.
Herd about this spot from my girl and have to admit it's not bad.   I'll be back
YUM! this place has Amazing breakfast! I Come here quite often! Very friendly staff and fast service! You also get a bang for your buck!
Tried Bob's for the first time this morning. I ordered the "hungry man hero" and it was very good, and cheap. My girlfriend had the veggie omelette and she liked that as well. Bread was freshly baked. Our main gripe is that everything is served on disposable styrofoam, even for people dining in. Seems like they could cut down on all the waste by using reusable plates/glasses/utensils, or at least paper plates/cups, which would be more environmentally friendly than all of that styrofoam.
Hungry man special is the way to go. 3 eggs, 3 bacon, hashbrowns and toast of your choice.  At a great price. As always staff is friendly.
This place is nice. I am glad to find someplace to buy Polish food. I moved to California from Chicago and was amazed that i couldn't find Polish food ANYWHERE near me so when I went to Las Vegas I tried this place and was very happy. The only thing they didn't have was my Krakus ham but the had all the other Polish food I have grown up with and it's much cheaper then having someone ship it from Chicago. Looking forward to many trips back!
This is a pretty neat place! They sell lots of freshly made pepperonis and sausages. MMm smokey! The farmer's cheese is good - more pungent that what American farmer's cheese tastes like. The coconut Princessa wafer-candy bar was YUMMY!!! (def. getting more of those). Lots of fresh bread displayed. Do they have pierogies? Is 15 flavors enough? Seriously! Sweet ones, savory ones -strawberry, plum, meat & potato, beef, cheese, too many to name. They run about $4-5 per package. 

Have fun! Go wild! A unique little jewel in Vegas.

Closed Sundays.
I can't believe I'm giving Polish Deli two stars.  I used to love this place.  Alas, something has gone horribly wrong.  Rows and rows of empty shelves.  Diminished selection.  What happened??

I used to stop by Polish Deli regularly.  Then, I got lazy, and ended up just going to Euro Delicacies because it was closer to my house.  In the interim, however, Euro Delicacies has surpassed them with selection of Polish goods.  Polish Deli still has the biggest selection of pierogi and Polish meats in town, but that's not saying much.
 
You can also pick up Polish teas, over-the-counter drugs, and Wedel chocolates, something I haven't seen elsewhere in town (which are in the refrigerators because it's like 90 degrees in the store).  I'll still stop by for my blueberry pierogi and kapusta czerwona (red cabbage salad) but, then again, maybe I won't.  Seriously depressing.
Some of the people that rated this store don't have any idea of what Polish food is.Granted the store is quite small and limited as to inventory but the shelves are NOT empty,in fact quite full.The owners who work there are very helpful and polite.The selection of meats and sausages is always fresh the best blood sausage and ham in town.As to the AC it has been fixed and very nice place to shop.
Great blood sausage, and lots of other wonderful meats to explore.  The proprieters are very nice & helpful, and the prices are excellent.
Delicious!!

FINALLY!!!! We found a place in Las Vegas with good old fashioned polish food. We purchased the Kraut Pierogi and the Cheese Pierogi. We were a little disappointed that they were frozen but when we found out they came from Alexandra's in Chicago, we knew they would be good. They were AMAZING!! They were so good for a frozen pierogi that we are definately going back for more. They also carry a large variety of pierogi. We also purchased a box of Placki (potato pancakes) and they too were delicious. Shelves were full and they had an extensive variety of polish food including sausage & lunch meats. All I can say is, you have our business. I'm very glad we googled Polish Deli. Note to Polish Deli: You need to advertise, get out some flyers etc.
Prices weren't so bad. I wish they had more to choose from though.

It's a small owned business with fresh meats at the front counter. They have snacks, frozen foods and meats. I grow up in Ohio and you could easily find polish food there, but Vegas is lacking this. 

Employees were nice and let you shop without bothering you. I end up spending close to 40 bucks and could of kept going. 

I will return to try things I haven't before.
With my husband being of Polish descent and me being a huge pierogi fan, I felt it was necessary to make a stop here when we were driving by the other day.

Do you like beets?  If you do, then get over here and find every kind of canned and frozen beet product imaginable.

Other than the numerous beet products, I also found: candy, beverages, chocolates, a case of meats, and even some corn-curl type things with a scary rabbit mascot on the front of the bag.

Oh, and there was Polish TV on which I thought was fun.

Unfortunately, I couldn't eat most of the stuff here (that's Polish food in general though).  And more unfortunately, I was expecting some homemade super fresh pierogi, but instead was pointed to the freezer section.  I bought some anyway thinking that maybe they were something special but was disappointed again.  Instead of having a lot of potato like I'm used to, they were filled with lots of ricotta-ish cheese that I wasn't too fond of.

If you like sausages and such, be sure to make a stop here.
We have a serious lack of any Polish places in Vegas, this felt like my old neighborhood Deli back in Chicago. Bread, "Bulki", Kielbasa....all the przyprawy you need for a Polish fest! 
i have always had a pleasant experience here every time I go. People are very nice, answer all my questions, let me know when things come in if its out.
A true Gem in the Vegas community!
I have been to the Polish Deli twice and I got the same thing twice.  It's a Friday in Lent and my wife observes meatless Fridays.  What to make.  I was coming from Big 5 Sporting Goods and when I saw the Polish Deli, I got over to the right lane and turned in here.

A quick perusal of the freezer case and I found the pierogis.  I chose the potato cheese because I'm not fond of the other flavors.  I have never had one of the fruit flavored ones, but I'm sure they'd be OK for dessert especially deep fried.

There is a nice selection of Polish sausages on the counter behind.  I need to stop back and get some of their kielbasa.  It looks so much better than the stuff you see in grocery stores.

Service was pleasant and quick.  The shop is small and questions are answered very politely.

As a side note, this brand of pierogi, Alexandra's, was quite good.  Some fried onions in lots of butter and the pierogis baked for awhile, made a great meal.  I need to stop in here more often.
Great food! Best polish sausage in the world!
I lived in Poland for a couple of years and had to make a stop at the Polish Deli to look around a buy a couple of things I had been missing. This store was so nostalgic and took me right back to many little shops I had been to in Poland. Joanna, the clerk was super nice and was very friendly. it was great getting to speak Polish with a real Pole again also! This store had everything ...not a lot of options but something of everything. If you are wondering how corner shops are in Poland this will give you a good little taste. I will definitely be back.
Simply the only place in Las Vegas to get real polish sausages and other polish food and delicacies. The service is also great and friendly.  I shop here once a month and stuff my freezer.
If you are looking for some great polish food this is the only place in Vegas that has what you need.  They have a nice selection of kielbasa, pierogies, dumplings and cheeses.  So many other little items that you can't find any place else.  Its hard to only buy a few items when you're here as everything looks and smells sooooo good.  If your looking for some great polish comfort food this is your place.  Stop by and give them a try you won't be disappointed.
Just had an amazing experience in the Polish Deli!  My father is trying to impress a young Polish girls so we stopped in to learn a little about the culture and try some of the food.  What a delight as we tried the best sausages we've ever had!  Talk about addicting!  The cashier showed us several candies, cookies and snacks that would be familiar to the Polish and we took several home with us.  The place is so wonderful and the service was great.  She even taught us some of the Polish language!  I highly recommend!  We're new faithful clientele!
With the Jones Market being just a hop, skip, and jump away, I'm not entirely sure how this place stays in business. I mistakenly thought the name "Deli" indicated that they made sandwiches, but sadly they only sell the components to make sandwiches yourself. Not a big deal on it's own.

But nearly all of their merchandize is identical to what you can find at Jones Market, and often at a better price. Plus JM has way more selection, as well as ready-made foods. 

This small store reminds me of the "Russian store" offered in San Antonio- very limited, with a  big part of the appeal being the frozen pirogies. The store is clean, organized, and well-lit. But again, the merchandize can be found elsewhere- even the frozen pirogies can be found at Sprouts, same brand, too, though not quite so many varieties/flavors.

There may be a small thing or two this store has that others do not- a specific variety of jam, or maybe a particular brand, but by and large this store does not seem to have anything unique to offer.

Even after reading reviews here, I was a little underwhelmed- and browsing their meat case, it was unclear which of their sausages was the "amazing polish sausage". Might come back because it's so close, but will likely continue patronizing JM as it's only a mile or so down the road.
I am completely amazed that I am the first one to be reviewing this place.

A one of a kind deli. The sandwiches are enormous with very unique round rolls, deli meats & cheeses plus they have some of the best soup around.They also have pizzas,wraps and salads.

I usually get a roast beef & cheese sandwich and Wisconsin cheese soup with chips & a drink plus tip under $20.

The have a dozen or so tables inside and a drive thru so eat in or take-out. 
Good Eats!
Tried the French dip @Schlotzskys and it was extremely disappointong....don't even get me started with the soup..

This place must not do much business because i'm always visiting at lunch or dinner and I'm always the ONLY customer.

This time the soup was cold and at the bottom, I said something, they brought out more but just put it in the well and still left the cold soup out. I had to pass and it's really the ONLY reason I come back.

My sandwich was barely just ok, the bread was a little undercooked and moist.-the beef was bland and chewy........and the price was outrageous!!! $35 for 3 sandwiches,2 soups and 3 drinks!!!!

I used to love this place but I guess the owner just doesn't give a shit anymore...
After a quick return trip to the Sketchers store in the outlet mall, i had a hankering for Schlotzkys and thirsty for iced tea with lemon.  Thanks  Scott D. for planting the seed in my head.:)  My experience was surprisingly pleasant. I ordered the Texas Schlotzkys, with jalapeno cheese bread, ham, the works, plus more peppers, (ah, a trip down memory lane coming from Texas).  It was just as it always was, a little pricey, but very good, and then there's that smell that's uniquely Schlotzkys of buns baking when you walk in.  Only downside for me, was i ordered iced tea and the vat it comes in was down to the dregs... and tasted it.  Yuck.  Fortunately, that was corrected within minutes.  Took home the other half sandwich for leftovers.
I give it 3.5 stars!

I'm a fan of Schlotzsky's, have been since I was a kid. 

For those who've never been, it's basically a sub shop. It's their bread more than anything that sets them apart. Their bread is sponge like, hard to explain but tasty.

I've known Schlotzsky's forever, and I noticed this place out of the corner of my eye driving through Vegas. So we stopped in. I ordered the Original, my gf ordered the smoked turkey and guacamole and our friend ordered the chicken chipotle. We all ordered the medium size, unless you're super starving or sharing, stick with the medium. The large is just huge. 

I was totally satisfied, and so was our traveling companion. My gf though, not so much. I think I know why. The smoked turkey they use is really smoking. I wasn't sure if it was turkey or johnny walker black label in the sandwich. I think if it was regular oven roasted turkey, she'd like it a lot more. 

I'd go back, and I wish we had them in LA.
Despite Schlotzsky's being a chain it's got the feel of a hole-in-the-wall deli. But maybe that has more to do with the run down building and not-always-clean interior. Regardless, I've been a fan for the past few years. The thing that elevates their sandwiches from 'solid' to good or great is their bread. It's lightly toasted, so the edges are a little crispy, but the rest is soft, chewy and spongey. Definitely unique compared to most other sandwich places in town. 

My usual is the ham & cheese, but 'The Original', turkey club, and roast beef sandwiches are all good. Portions are big. The regular size is usually enough for 2 in my opinion.
We both hadn't been here for years. We ordered the chicken cordon blue and the pastrami sandwiches- both regular (three sizes, but don't bother with the small size because it's more like snack size) and split it. The chicken cordon blue was perfect(high marks for this one)- fresh baked bun spongy, thinly sliced chicken with thinly sliced ham and topped with a slice of crispy bacon (wasn't expecting the bacon but it worked). Very good and satisfying. The pastrami (on dark rye) sandwich was good but the meat was extremely fatty- even after trimming it off before eating it. My husband pulled out large pieces of fat from his half too. If you still plan on getting it, use a plastic knife to trim off all the fat. My husband loves their fresh baked bread- pretty unique as far as delis go.

The deli is well stocked with many choices besides sandwiches, including pizza, salads, soups, chips, pickles, and cookies (my husband who has a sweet tooth, enjoyed the cookie- soft and chewy). Free refills on drinks. 

This place looks really small from the outside, but it's like a teepee- spacious inside with lots of tables and bathrooms in the back. Also has a drive-thru window and does catering as well. The staff is nice and you get your food pretty quick.
This place no longer has a franchise in Hawaii. 

This place has awesome pizzas. That I'd all I have to say. When I visit Vegas, I try to stop here. They have individual pizzas that are good. The crust is crispy. The BBQ chicken and jalapeo or the veggie are my recommendations. The pizzas just take a little while to cook, so be prepared to wait 10 minutes or so.

I have never had a sub but have heard that's what they are known for, I will have to try one...if I can ever tear myself away from their pizzas... ^_^*~
Impressively bad. Food was bad, service was terrible. Overall this was a dining experience gone terribly wrong. It's a dirty atmosphere, we got there at 10:20 am on a day they opened at 10 to locked doors and two employees sitting around talking. 

My advice, just go to quizno's or subway.
I've always enjoyed eating here. I've been coming to this location for about 10 years and the food has always been good and keeps me coming back. My favorites are their pizzas and original sandwiches. The price is about average compared to other sandwich shops but they have a unique flavor that's really enjoyable.
My wife and I were here today for probably the 400th time.  Come here at least twice a month without fail.  Never thought to post a Yelp for whatever reason until now.  The owner came by our table, as he usually does as he makes the rounds and checks on the patrons.  He happened to mention how there were a couple reviews that were really bad and how disappointed he was that someone would have had such a bad experience.  By the number of visits, its easy to tell we really like the place.  The staff is super friendly and the food is always good. From the pizza to the sandwiches to the soup to the fresh baked cookies, we've tried it all and it's delicious.
The family ended up here when Heidi's Deli was closed and we were in need of a quick bite.

Everyone got the Original and I grabbed a pesto chicken. There wasn't anything really remarkable with the sandwich despite the dining room being busy. The bread was nice soft and spongy inside with a crisp outside, but there wasn't much filling and a half a slice of tomato and shredded iceburg with some pesto. I threw their hot sauce on it to make it a bit better. A small was deceivingly filling, but I don't eat just be filled up. 

I like that their drink fountain has 3 kinds of ice tea AND two flavors of lemonade to make some great arnold palmer concoctions. The first cup of tea just tasted old. The 2nd was a different kind and it was the same. So the 3rd cup I just did lemonade and it tasted like the plastic dispenser. WTF? 

Not really feeling it.
I love their food, but hate their location!  Get out of this dump and double your business.  Keep Carla in the kitchen.  She has no customer skills whatsoever.
Funny name. Serious sandwich. If you've never tried Schlotzsky's unique sandwiches before, you're in for a sandwich unlike any you've tried before. Not necessarily the best you'll ever have but definitely delicious primarily because of the proprietary, round, sourdough bread  that envelops the filling. Warm, fluffy, and resembling the moon's crater-filled acne, the bread is enhanced by a unique combo of ingredients plus a nice 'spicy' ranch sauce drizzled on top of your fillings. One bite wonder.

Liberally soak your sandwich in the 'cajun' Schlotzsky's hot sauce (not spicy at all fyi) til your sandwich starts resembling a taco and be prepared to experience taste bud bliss.

The pizzas are also VERY good. Surprising but true. The veggie is very tasty. Drizzle that sauce, baby!

The Vegas location isn't pretty by any means but considering there are no Schlotzsky's Delis in NorCal anymore, I'll deal with it.

**Tip: they deliver within a 3 mile radius of West Charleston Blvd. in Vegas.**

Brought a buddy here and he was instantly hooked on The Original.
Do you like it hot??

I dont. Well lemme say, I like certain sandwiches warm and toasty but not one with avocado. We came here a while ago because I LOVE deli sandwiches. I have never been here so I was EXCITED. Like a virgins first lay I was let down : (

I love any sandwich with avocado, alas its an add on so it more expensive so I opted for the turkey bacon club with avocado. They ask what size I want. So I pick the medium bc the small looked itty bitty, I opted for the combo but was kinda irritated when it was almost 9$! I think paying as much as a small steak dinner for a deli sandwich is preposterous! 

We sat and waited for our meals, it took a little time (which was weird bc they werent even busy!) but our food finally came out . I grabbed my sandwich and felt it was warm and was like "wtf?" Im not a fan. The sandwich was meh and I was just over this place. I felt like I was eating a turkey burger bc of the round bun also, weird!!


I will not come back, too expensive and the food wasnt worth the price!
Don't order a combo - it's a ripoff.  They advertise a small combo for $6.99 but then add everything up individually for a cost of $7.18.  The manager tried to say corporate changed the price and they didn't change it on the board yet but I doubt that's true.
I'm the type of person who enjoys trying different things. When someone suggests eating sandwiches, I'd much rather try something out of the norm, rather than settling for Subway (although I don't have a problem with Subway at all!)

That being said, Schlotzsky's is NOTHING like subway, so I don't even think they're comparable. Yes, they both serve sandwiches, but subway serves mostly cold subs, while Schlotzsky's serves round, hot sandwiches that'll cause a party in your mouth with an explosion of flavors. 

The only concern I have with this place is the immensity of options. I can sit there wondering what to eat for hours. The pizzas are my personal favorite, but they have this new roasted turkey sandwich with avocado that rocked my tastebuds. 

I simply don't understand the previous comment complaining about avocado on a hot sandwich? It's just like any other cold vegetable that's added on a hot item. A burrito, a burger, nachos, etc. Avocado is a creamy addition that'll improve the flavor of almost any sandwich, hot or cold. 

That being said, I personally love this place. I enjoy the drink selection, their original selection of chips, even their cookies! I have had one time where I went through the drive-thru and got the wrong sandwich, I would have gone back, but there wasn't anything I disliked about it like onions or olives, so I just dealt. Other than that, I've enjoyed every other time I've been there. 

Yumminess at it's finest!
this place is across the street from where i get my hair done. The sandwiches are ok. I have had better but sometime when you are hungry you have to eat what you can.
I love the Original sandwich here, but I wish they weren't stingy on the toppings. It seems like each time I have a sandwich there is less and less tomatoes, lettuce, black olives, and salami on it!  Today my Original's toppings didnt cover my whole sandwich, so I ate a lot of bread :( 
The customer service here is great.  Both the girl taking my order, and the man delivering my food to my table were extremely friendly.  And a pecan chicken cranberry salad was tried...it was good!
I wish their parking lot was larger, it is very tiny and full at lunchtime. It's very hard to get out of a parking spot!
Got their chicken and pesto pizza. Very good and filling. Not busy in there at all.
I'm usually not a fan of hot sandwiches but this place is the exception. I've been hooked on them since I was a teenage in California but the one in my hometown closed. When I move to NC I was pleasantly surprised when they had one in the middle of nowhere town I was living in. And now I'm in Vegas and this place still hits the spot. I get the original (with turkey instead of ham) and you can't go wrong. The baked BBQ chips are good and they serve Southern sweet tea (no quite as Southern as I'm use to since I've lived in NC and they're serious about tea over there) but it's still good. The owners (this is a franchise) are so nice and so was the rest of the staff. I'm not a fast foodie but this place is too good to pass up.
Over the years, this has become a hole in the wall type of place that is getting older and older.  However, hole in the wall type of places can be fantastic and this place certainly is.

I've always loved their food. Their wisconsin cheddar cheese soup is GREAT and they make their own croutons in the restaurant (definitely better then what you find in a box) 

This place may be old, but the owner does a good job keeping it clean, and service is VERY friendly.  

The sandwhich I love the most is their original with extra onion.  They have great sourdough bread that they use.  

Prices are very reasonable and I have eaten here for years and I always highly recommend this place to anyone.
This is the only place to get Schlotzsky's so regardless of the lackluster dining experience  - I will be back.

I love the original.  The warm sourdough type bread with the warm ham... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm good. 

This place is old and run down.  The service sucks.  But if you want some Schlotzcky's this is it!
Five stars and that's about it
BEST sandwiches in town hands down! Worth the drive! Order The original! Pizzas are pretty good too.
Best Hot Sandwiches In Town!!!!! Secret Recipe in their Dough is the Key!!! They are Very Addictive.... And I can't go long without one! Also was my first Job in Las Vegas!!!! I Also was on the news when I worked there on a story about raising the minimum wage while I still had my Southern Accent!!!!!! And my Glasses Yuck!!!! I think I was 15... Not sure, Can't Remember!!!! You can also call in your order ahead of time, if you don't like to wait!!!! My Favorite is the Deluxe Original with No Onions with Guacemole & Louisiana Hot Sauce!!!!
I'm a long time Schlotzsky's fan. Been eating her since I was a kid and I still love it. It's funny because until a few years ago I didn't realize that I much prefer sourdough bread... so that probably explains why I love this place. 

My favorite is the turkey, original style but with only turkey (no pork) 

Every once and a while I'll get the one with avocado... but honestly the regular sandwich is so good I don't think it needs anything extra. I'm also thrilled that the location by my work carries China Mist Passion Fruit Black Tea (my absolute favorite iced tea) I love it!!!
The chip selection leaves a little to be desired, but I'm not coming here for the chips. 
Staff at this location is always extremely helpful and patient... I'm usually ordering for several co-workers and don't always have my ducks in a row.
I have to admit, the only thing that makes this place good is their interesting looking bread, which is unique in appearance and texture and delicious. Other than that, the sandwiches are pretty plain and expensive for what you get ($5-6 for a small sandwich). The service here is pretty lackluster, since there are only a couple people working at any given time. When I've been here, I've found the cashier to be a little impatient when customers are trying to figure out what to order, so now I tend to just hit the drive thru. The building is super old and parking is tight since there aren't very many spots out front. There's another small parking area in the back but it's not much larger. I usually get the small original, which is good, but like I said...only because the bread is unique, fresh and tasty. If they used baugettes or "normal" sub bread for their sandwiches, I don't think I would eat here.
We used to make special trips to the Schlotzsky's in Atlanta, which was like 45 minutes from where we lived.  So, when we moved to Carson City, we were in Schlotzsky's withdrawal.  Now that we are here in LV, we are thrilled to have one nearby!  

So far, this location is as good as any that we've been to in the past. Service has been friendly and quick, and the sandwiches have been consistent with my expectations.  My favorite part about a Schlotzsky's sandwich is the sourdough bread and the olive tapenade that comes on the Original (it might come on other ones too, but I pretty much always order the Original).  Besides the sandwiches, I also really love their cracked pepper potato chips, while my fella' swears by the jalapeno chips.  In fact, this is the only place we know of where he can get non-kettle style jalapeno flavored chips.  

We will no doubt be back again and again.
Definitely the most underrated sandwich in Las Vegas.  The bread is insanely good and the toppings are generous.  Very clean restaurant inside and the staff from cashier to sandwich makers are friendly.  Join the sandwich club and get a free one on your bday.
I love Schlotzsky's but this location is kind of a bummer. They used to have an employee named Theo who was the bomb! Knew exactly what we wanted to order, knew our kid's name, CARED. Now...you're just lucky if they get your order right the first time. Missing Theo!!!
Schlotzskys is my favorite place to get a sandwich hands down. I also want to say that my rating is strictly based on my most recent experience. This location is a favorite of mine because the owner is so friendly & always remembers my order and even knows where I work & always makes it a point to say hi at my work. Today I decided I would get a sandwich from this location which is about a 20 minute drive from where I live. Let me add that I'm 8 months pregnant with gestational diabetes so I am forced to limit my carb intake. So I figured they would have my back. I went through the drive through & ordered a medium turkey original on wheat add jalapeos. That's it. No drink because I have water at home and can't have any sugar. I only waited a short time before my sandwich was ready & I was on my way back home to enjoy it. 20 minutes later I get home unwrap my sandwich to see that it's not on wheat bread so I can only eat a quarter of it (due to the amount of carbs in the white bread) but I realize that it's got a layer of jalapeos and no lettuce. The lettuce makes the sandwich! Normally I would have eaten it there but like I said I'm 8 months pregnant & wanted to get home. Now I'm stuck with this sandwich that I can only eat in quarter increments per hour, that's not even what I ordered.
I first went to Schlotzsky's when I was living in Texas, and I was glad to see there are a few of them here in Las Vegas. This one is close to my house and easy to get to from anywhere in the Valley. It's always busy but never crowded, and you can get in and out pretty fast.

I had a free sandwich/pizza coupon for my birthday as a member of the Bun & Fun eClub, and I opted for the chicken and pesto pizza. Tasty, and a good-sized portion for lunch. (Plus free is always nice!) My husband had a medium reuben on rye, and it was pretty good, too. He usually gets the original sandwich on sourdough, and I usually get a vegetarian sandwich on wheat, so we mixed it up a little this time around. All four are great choices, depending on your mood.

If you want a quick, tasty sandwich (or a personal-sized pizza), give Schlotzsky's a try. And if you go there often, I suggest signing up for the Bun & Fun eClub online.
Sandwiches that can become a salad. This place is a good surprise, meaning, I haven't been here in a very long time, so I decided to stop for a salad. 

I can say that it turned out to be a good choice. Fresh, made on the spot, thin turkey stips, good mix of greens, crispy bacon, egg, tomato and avocada in bite size pieces. Overall, a good salad!
If you've never been to a Schlotzki's have a friend blind fold you and lead you into this one. If you let the look of the place influence your opinion you'll be doing yourself a disservice. 

This place is old. The building. Like 20th century old.  But they've got it going on where it counts which is back in the kitchen. Like so many others, me and Schlotzki's met up in another state. I was in Louisiana playing with my rich Uncle Sam. Found that one by accident just like I found this one by accident. 

To everyone who wrote a bad review about the food, you must be on Crack! Can't touch the bread. I took one star off because of the building. The stuff in the bag was on point. I was expecting a let down. Perhaps my memory of Schlotzki's was too much to live up to. They lived up to my memory exactly. 

So go in blindfolded and enjoy what they do in the kitchen.  But for crying out loud get off the building crap. It's old. But ya don't eat the building. 

Friendly staff, good eats. What else do you need?
I've been coming here for years, their sandwiches are delicious. The veggies always taste fresh. 

The place is admittedly pretty outdated looking, the parking lot is kind of a pain in the butt to get into, but it's worth it. 

The owner has quite the personality. He's funny, if you come here often he remembers you. 

Try the jalapeo chips! Sometimes I come back just for those!! And sign up for their email subscription, they send out coupons all the time.
The older gentleman running the drive through was probably one of the nicest men I've encountered in a long time. Foods always amazing. Will be back soon. Great service!
Absolutely love this deli. The staff is friendly and the place is always clean. They make some awesome sandwiches with their unique oh so good bread, hmmm. Their pizza's are pretty tasty too, nice and cheesy with a crispy crust. Definitely pricey but so worth it. Don't forget to make your meal a combo and try their jalapeno chips, sooooo good plus they have free refills on their drinks and that's always a plus.
I absolutely LOVE this place! I'm so glad we found another one. I had started to believe that I would never get to eat another one of their glorious sandwiches again. Thank god, I was mistaken! 

It's Schlotzsky's. There's not too much to say about it, right? Yea, it's a national chain (or was), but I don't care. They make delicious sandwiches on fantastic bread. This particular one doesn't have the uniform look that I've come to know, but the food is every bit as good. The Original is just about perfection! Also, in case you were unaware, they carry their own brand of chips. With flavors like Black Pepper and Jalapeno (regular, NOT kettle!!!), they are a refreshingly addictive side...and maybe a second or third bag for homework later. They also offer a variety of baked goods and desserts, but I haven't tried any of them yet. The staff is always, ALWAYS super-friendly and helpful, too. I mean, what else can you ask for?

I am so, SO glad that there are still a few of these shops still lurking around!
Sandwiches are great and I've had really nice customer service each time I've visited.
There is a man there that has the best customer service ever!! He was so sweet! The sanwiches were perfect and our kiddos were happy! Great time!! :)
Our little family has been eating at this location since we moved to Vegas a couple of years ago. The food is always excellent!  The staff is awesome!  The manager/owner of this eatery is personable and engaging!  The sandwich maker is THE BEST. My husband and son rave at her sandwiches and she is a super sweet lady as well.
i will grant that it has been almost 4 years since i've been here, but given that it's a teeny family-owned family-run sandwich shop that i ate at most days over the course of a month, i thought it was a shame no one had reviewed the place yet!

located underneath an apartment complex in waunakee, this little deli shop is tucked away.  as i stayed in the apartment complex above it, however, their location was ideal for me.

their sandwiches never ceased to disappoint.  now i'm a really picky eater -  not particularly a condiment person, won't mix milk with meat, don't eat pig, so when it comes to getting sandwiches the way i want them i'm usually SOL.  fortunately, tho, at deli delicious, they make sandwiches just like they would at subway so you get precisely what you want, except 1) the food is fresher 2) it's on bread instead of subs, and 3) you're supporting local business instead of national chains.  if memory serves me right, their chips were also super addicting.  the price was always decently low, too - at least low enough to support my habit.

don't know when, if ever, i'll get back to waunakee, wi, but i know that if i do, i'm definitely stopping at deli delicious!
What a pleasant surprise.  I have driven by this place but never knew it really existed.

The food is very good. Fresh, made to order, nice variety, main courses are great, sandwiches good, sides also good.

Ordered the fish fry, its Wisconsin, ya betcha, and it was very good.  The fish was tasty and reasonable.  Mom had baked potato which was very good and I had the fries which were good.

Customer Service was very friendly.  They seemed to have a pretty good take out business on Friday for their Fish which was nice to see.

Keep up the great work.

I will definitely be back,  thanks!
It went out of business
Good juicy sandwiches, but the bread is a bit too soft (I like mine more dense). They have a good deli and beer selection, and a fairly good amount of junk food goodies as well. My best description of the place is that it's a slightly higher class 7-11, but without the slurpees and the hot dogs, which is pretty disappointing. The cashiers and deli people there are quite nice though.
Oh, Tags.
I lived around the block, and hot damn, I wasted so much money here on god knows what. Probably just candy, chips, pop and gatorade. 
But so did all the other frat guys and sorority girls, so I feel okay.
Corned beef sandwiches, mmmm.
Best place on upper Langdon... well... *only* restaurant on upper Langdon!
I love this place! They are at a great location and are open for most of the day. They sell a wide variety of basic "grocery food" along with making their own food. They sandwiches are amazing! Plus many of their items are from other Wisconsin business. I would highly recommend going here to get great food or just to stock up on some food items!!
These guys are cool. If you don't frequently shop at MacTaggarts, you are walking too far, you dont live in the 'hood, you keep it extra kosher, or else maybe you didnt know about the coolest place to find practically everything you need in a convenience store... You can even score food for your neurotic feline friends, and stuff to tidy up the ol' litter box.
Buried in a nondescript little basement in a back alley, frequented only by the frat boys and sorority girls who know of its existence. Tags' gooey breakfast sandwiches, juicy subs, salty (and free!) popcorn, and oversized cans of Monster were the only thing that kept me going when I used to live on Langdon Street.  And honestly their subs kick the crap out of Pinkus McBride's subs. Despite the fact that the two delis use the same ingredients, Tags just knows how to make theirs so much more savory (edit: it might be the bread. Or the better/cheaper ingredient selection. But yeah it's probably mainly the bread).
MacTaggarts is the best. Enough said. 

The prices are a little steep, but that's understandable based on where they're located. They have pretty much everything you could ask out of a neighborhood market: cool tunes, great employees, and Boar's Head everything. 

They have an underrated selection of different micro-brews as well, which is (imho) a huge plus. 

Only thing you need to look out for is their half step coming up and down the stairs (if and when you're there, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about). 

Stay cool "tags"
Subs so slow you'll starve before they get there. This location in particular is literally only two right turns right down Mineral Point Road (less than a mile on the same street!) to my workplace, yet it is always an average of 40 minutes before I get my delivery order. How is that even possible? I could walk there faster than that. I always have to remember to order my lunch well before I'm even hungry for it. If my work was in a weird location, I guess I could understand, but we're literally right down the street from them. 

I love that JJ has online ordering but this location has to step up their game. Their "Subs so fast you'll freak" motto is a joke. If I could give this location less than one star, I would.
Decent sandwich since I am normally a fan or Jimmie johns. However, this location has pretty slow service. Makes me wonder if its new staff on training? Ive been to this location about 6 times now and each time its been about the same. I order either the Beach club or the tuna salad club, both are very delicious. The only other complaint that I have is that my beach club and the hunter club that my friend get are thinner (less meat and filling wise) then what i am normally used to from other Jimmie Johns.
The messed up my order- I wanted one #4 wrap (no sprouts +sauce) and one #4 on wheat for my dad... they didn't put his on wheat and when I asked them to change it they didn't apologize and told me it would be $.53 more.  They also forgot my sauce. Usually I'm a fan of Jimmy John's and will go to the University location from now on (even though neither of them deliver to my house!)
Good food.  Lousy service.  Each time I go in there it's the same thing.  4 employees standing around making fun of each other.  I am done with this location.
You pretty much know what you're getting when you go to Jimmy John's: you'll get your sandwich from a bunch of kids who are probably stoners and it'll be made really fast. (That said, I'd rather have my sandwich made by a stoner--they know how to do it and they do it well. A stoner's passion for food is unparalleled.)

Anyway, this Jimmy John's location cracks me up because the people who work there treat the place like it's their home. They're charmingly obnoxious and joke around with one another and they're always playing shitty radio rock. Normally I would hate that but at this location I find it kind of charming.
It'd be great if this JJs could instruct how their delivery drivers should drive. In other words, it is not kosher to drive in the clearly marked bus lane/turn lane between Whitney Way and JJs. Just skip them and get Milios or Erbs.
Not quite decided about this place. I went once with my mom, and had a great salad with apples, cranberries, and blue cheese. The soup was good too, some type of southwest chicken with rice and beans. They also have tasty cookies, and muffin tops(which is the best part, let's face it).

Recently when I went, I just ordered soup. I think it was supposed to be Chicken Enchilada or something. Disgusting. I was pissed that I paid almost five dollars for a bowl of thick, gloppy soup that tasted like someone just opened a bag of wholesale condensed nonsense. 

Good thing the iced tea was decent.
Minimal bagel selection on a Sunday morning was disappointing.
I like Panera more than this place.  Their menu is not that extensive and the ambiance was just drab.  I had the chicken noodle soup which was mediocre at best.
Bleh.  Atlanta Bread Company is one of those trendy "fast-casual" sandwich shops that were a big deal about five years ago.  Subpar soups, okay sandwiches, but by no means worth making a special trip.  The best thing I've had there was a chicken pesto panini, but even that was simply average.  I can't imagine anybody would be excited to go here; the menu is very simple and the food doesn't even live up to its low expectations.

The decor is nice but the restaurant itself is far too large.  The last few times I've gone there have only been a few other tables occupied.  The call-out-your-number style of picking up your food seems unnecessary given the usual amount of customers; I think it would be an improvement if they took the food out to you ala Noodles & Company.

The bakery is expansive but mediocre.  The cookies are large but I could make better at home.  I haven't tried much else from the bakery (I'm too eager to leave) but I have no real desire to return.

Final verdict: Not bad, but don't bother.
Who would have thought that the best deli sandwich I have ever had would be found in Arrowhead mall in the west valley of Phoenix?

Best pastrami I think I have ever had...and I know the search has been a long one after growing up on the east coast and dealing with alot of west-coast wannabees that claim they have the best. For years, I have tried them all. Nate 'n Al's in Beverly Hills, Cantor's in Hollywood, Art's, Junior's and Jerry's are good, but nothing compared to this cafeteria style food factory in Glendale, Arizona. They make their own and the place smells like a deli! Nowadays, delicatessens are like Walmart, but not Miracle Mile!

 Consistent, delicious and the New Yorker on rye with cole slaw and Russian dressing is my go-to sandwich. They also have Dr. Brown's Black Cherry Soda that makes the meal EVEN better!

Go in and introduce yourself to Josh. He is third generation of a family who knows deli. You will not be sorry.
The food is reminiscent of a hospital cafeteria. The staff is rude and the ambiance is tacky.
I remember when there weren't so many Miracle Mile delis in Phoenix..and getting a pastrami straw took some strategy and patience and waiting at Park Central mall with hundreds of people. Today, you can get your straw and eat it too before you go back to the office at one of many locations. 

I'll admit to a bit of nostalgia over the mix of people and the long-I'm-going-to-wait-no-matter-what lines. 

Whenever I am in Phoenix, there are TWO must-have stops. One is some local place with Chorizo..and the other..is Miracle Mile. Thank GOD I don't have to go to New York for a good sandwich.
We miss the Miracle Mile at Arrowhead Mall which closed Dec. 31, 2010, they had the best Brisquet and pastrami sandwiches going.  We drove all the way to Scottsdale to the Miracle Mile there; same great food, and some of the Arrowhead people were there too.  Manager, and personell behind the counter.  Hope they bring a Miracle Mile back on the Westside and hopefully at Arrowhead Mall.  We miss them. 
Phillip I., Peoria, Az.
This place was in Park Central and Christown Mall before Air Conditioning was invented. You cannot be around that long and not do something right. I give it 5 stars for quality and customer service. I use to eat there frequently, but now that I'm 44, I cannot eat this type of food as much. 

Rating healthy choices is a whole other topic, but I think everyone knows what a NY deli is all about.
Yes, the Miracle Mile Deli at Park Central in Phoenix closed several years ago, but Park Central Deli is still at the same location and offers the same great food and quisine.  They closed our Miracle Deli at Arrowhead Mall in the West Valley too,  so now we have to go to the East Valley to get true Miracle Mile food, a long trip, but worth the drive. Josh is at the Scottsdale store, and even though I harrass him a bit on my blogs, he's still friendly and accomadating when we see him in Scottsdale. Hopefully someday, Miracle Mile will again grace our taste buds in the West Valley, it's a great place to eat, and the employees are very friendly. My favorite meal is Brisquett on a Kaiser Roll, FF, pickle, cold slaw and a drink.
For a fast-food Philly, it's decent. They have a lot of choices, and also have loaded fries with cheese, bacon, etc. on top.

The Philly Steak and Bleu is good, with real bleu cheese crumbles added to your steak while it is on the grill, making a tasty goo on top of your sandwich.
$5 large subs on Tuesdays!! My fav is the buffalo sub with lots of ranch.. goodness!
I've been going to this place with a friend of mine a couple of times a year for about 4 or 5 years. The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is awesome. I love the grilled sub roll. It's always crisp, soft and chewy - all at the same time.  When bread was first conceived, I believe that this was the Holy Grail of breads and Charley's has found it. 

I usually get some variant of the Philly Steak and have never been disappointed. My friend always gets the Buffalo Chicken and I think he's the real fan of this place. It's at his insistence that we come here. Even so, I'm always pleased and a bit let down that I didn't think of it.

I noticed last week that they have a sign posted in the window that says they give a 10% discount for patrons of the AMC Theater next door. All you have to do is show your ticket stub. Nice to know.

I also noticed that this particular store has online ordering. Just go to http://www.charleys.com/ and put in the zip (85027) and click on the "order online" button. Now that I know this I may have to take advantage of that and end up eating here more often.
Love the Philly Cheesesteaks here. 
I have had everything on their menu.
A bit pricey, but worth it.
Cheesesteaks were great, service could smile more.
I don't understand why there's so few 5 star reviews when no one has anything bad to say! Armando is always nice and welcoming, the rest of the staff is efficient, my food is always delicious. And $5.99 for a fresh cooked meal is totally worth it.
I've eaten at Charley's a few times. It's pretty good, but it's WAY over priced. Recently I walked by the store and considered eating there, but then saw the cashier standing there on his cell phone doing nothing. Can't stand that. I've worked in retail/customer service/food service in the past and that is one thing I won't tolerate.
The picture of a stacked cheesesteak sandwich on the wall is a bait and switch. When i got my sandwich the amount of meat was a joke. I complained to deaf ears.
This was my last trip to Charleys. Go to Luke's of Chicago, get the combo. Its worth the money and delicious
I like to go here to grab some subs on the way to the river, since it's between our house and the 17. Just because I don't want to go to Subway or Blimpie's.

Mostly, it's a rather expansive Italian market. Need olive oil? They have 20+ different kinds. Pasta? There's a whole aisle. How about one of those wooden thingies for making gnocchi. Got that too.

In the back, a counter runs along the whole length of the back wall. That's where you'll find all sorts of cheeses, cold cuts, and sausauge, plus a few sweets. 

It's also where you order sandwiches. And you'd better know exactly what your want, and fast. The man behind the counter is perpetually surly and curt. It gets worse if you stand there and try to make heads or tails of all the hand-written sandwich combinations taped to the wall. Luckily, the woman who runs the cash register is always very sweet. So that kind of makes up for it.

I want to love their sandwiches. I just don't. They're OK. The meat is always really good, there just isn't enough of it. Maybe I'm just not ordering the right things. 

Until then, I'll continue to support Romanelli's, but they'll only get a so-so rating for the deli. The product selection, however, is top notch.
Romanelli's is the most amazing italian deli that one can ever come across in Phoenix. 

It is located down the street from the high school that I went to and we used to stop most days for some cheese pizza or "Italian Stallion" sandwich. Now that I have grown this is a prime place to shop for my own culinary needs such as pastas, cold cuts, pizza toppings, sauces and even hommade pizza dough just waiting to be thawed and used to make your own delicious pizzas.

I still stop in for the occassional sandwish and the "Italian Stallion" is still my top choice. Ham, capicolla,  grnoa salami, pepperoni and provalone cheese piles high with onions thinnly shredded lettuce tomatoes and of course bread soggy with dressing as it should be. And don't forget to follow it up with your favorite italian sweet. I haven't had a bad dessert yet.

The service is prompt and charmingly brusque. A real New York feeling here. 

If its authenticity you are after this is your place..anywhere else? Fuggedaboudit!!
OMG Korina A is crazy!!!! I followed Nathan and Kris. Romanellis is OUTSTANDING!!!! Delicious subs I will be back again and again. I will tell all my friends this is delish! You have to try the Italian sausage sub YUMMMMMMM!

I love the meats and cheeses and the atmosphere. You can get anything you like Italian in this joint. LOVE IT! 

Right up the street from my house can't be beat!
This must be my lucky month. I'm discovering more and more places that serve foods that remind me of my favorite stomping grounds in NYC. I've been to Romanelli's earlier this year, on March 19 - the feast of St. Joseph, to see if they sold those wonderful special filled zeppoles named after the saint and sold in Italian bakeries and food stores on his feast day. They did, and the pastries were delicious. I also browsed the packaged and canned goods areas and found lots of high quality Italian foods not normally found in supermarkets and regular food stores. 

But it was today after reading the reviews here that I decided to try the deli. I ordered the Italian Stallion sub and it was really, really good! The meats were very high quality, fresh and ample, and there was just enough lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, and dressing to enhance the flavors without competing with the deli meats. It's so good to know that there is a great deli place not far from where I live, and where I can treat myself to or bring visiting friends for a great New York style deli experience.
the smell as u enter is enuf for me to know mmmmmmnewyork. everything else proves it, too. everything u never knew u needed and all u ever want.
To start: this is not the place to go if you are looking for a Subway or Blimpie sandwich, so if that is your idea of what is "good" you won't like the experience here.  Good sandwiches (try the George's special which is the Italian Stallion referenced by others plus a couple other meats including mortadella and hot peppers) or the pastrami that they get shipped direct from New York.  They have their own off site bakery, so try some of their breads (the ciabatta is especially good) or cookies: the butter cookies are a bit hit or miss, but the rainbow cookies that they keep in the back are nearly to eastern standards.  However, the real star of the show is the sausage that they grind daily, along with the selection of certain specialty items: 30 year old balsamic, San Marzano tomatos and Mancini peppers anyone?
Is this the best Italian Deli / Bakery that I've ever been to? No. Is this the best one in the Valley area? Absofrigginlutely!!! 

This is the ONLY place that I know of in this metro area that you can select from eight varieties/brands of San Marzano Tomatoes. If you have to ask why that is significant enough to merit 5 stars... then I can only imagine that you haven't spent decades attempting to perfect your Pomodoro or Pizza Sauce. 

Combine this with the fact that they almost always have Rainbow cookies available and some of the best fresh Italian breads, and you have achieved two-thirds of an almost idyllic Italian meal. 

Before you leave the store, make sure you take a leisurely stroll along the back wall. This is what I like to consider a little piece of heaven on earth. Every imaginable cheese / meat you've ever heard uttered by the Mario's, Lydia's, and Giada's of this world can be found in the case that runs the entire length of the store. Want to create an out of this world antipasto selection for your next get together? Seriously if you can't find it in that case, you are trying to live up to Captain Jack Harkness standards, and although I adore him... he is a work of fiction! 

And I have to agree with Nathan; they make one hell of a sandwich, but I've never sampled any of their other eat in/take out items, so my input is limited on that side of the house. 

This is not a "pretty" place. It's not trendy or new and it is located in yet another strip mall. But it is a fully functional, family run, local business that is operated by two of the nicest guys you would ever want to meet. As far as quality and friendliness goes, this place rocks! I discovered Romanelli's about 25 years ago (remember... it's not polite to ask a girl's age) and let's just say, they had me at ciao. : )
If you want authentic Italian meats and cheeses in the Valley of the Sun, Romanellis should be your stop.

From the outside, it looks like your basic store in a strip mall, but you walk in and you can see immediately that these people are not fooling around.  Besides the various Italian Pride type of shirts and other tchotchkes, there are aisles of various foods either made at the deli, or shipped in from elsewhere.  Do you need olive oil or pasta? They have plenty of those along with sauces and preserved veggies.

The real draw though is the deli.  Skip the Boars Head branded meats and sandwiches made with them because you can get that anywhere, you want to go for the real meats and cheeses, which are further to the left.  Since there are multiple brands of some items, do not be afraid to ask the person behind the counter which ones are the best.  Highly recommended are the pastrami, hot cappicola, and genoa salami.

Their signature sandwich seems to be the Italian Stallion, which is very very good, but there are are a wide variety of sandwiches that you can pick up.  Besides that they also offer plenty of pasta salad and antipasto to take home, and on the day I went, you could pick up sausage and peppers for your lunch.  The staff itself come from areas like NYC and New Jersey so don't be entirely surprised if they keep things short and sweet, it's nothing personal against you.  

There's also a bakery case with various desserts, go for the sfogliatelle and cannoli, they are excellent.
The best italian deli I've been to in Phoenix.  As soon as I walked in the smell reminded me of deli's back home in Phila/NJ.  YUM YUM YUM!
I went here a couple of weeks ago when I was in the area shopping for a new Bento box. I picked up some subs for dinner, along with a few items I haven't had since I've moved out here from New York. 

I got the italian beef special, and the boy got some sort of italian meat masterpiece. Mine was delicious, and he seemed to really enjoy his. I also got a bag of wise potato chips since I haven't had them in FOREVER. YUM. (I also got an assortment of italian cookies, because seriously, who doesn't need some delicious rainbow cookies in their life?)

Overall, this place is awesome. The men behind the register were hilarrrrious. The woman behind the cookie counter was really helpful, but totally evil because she was steering me towards all sorts of delcious goodies that I shouldn't be eating.

I will definitely be going here again when I get a craving for some New York subs. Mmm.
Ahh, this place is refreshing.  Smells like italy as soon as you walk in.. (ok, never been, but that's how it better smell).  We had lunch there, a chicago style italian beef and it was fantasic.  It's also a market, so, needless to say, I enjoy grabbing a quick bite in places that are a bit unconventional.. and, as I sat there eating, I looked at some italian antacids that kind of looked like screws or something that were bottled on the shelf next to me.. :/  Anyway, I also bought premade cannoli shells, which were a bit pricey, but to make my own it would have probably cost more..  AND they had the filling to purchase as well..  This was pretty neat to me.  Really though, this place has anything and everything you would need to make any italian dish, and the services was exceptional..
If I were Italian I think I would come here every day.  Better yet I'd pitch a tent right in the middle of the store and live here.  What an amazing italian grocery/ deli/ bakery this place is for Phoenix.

I was hoping to come here just to try a sandwich and had to leave with a few other items.  I bought an antipasta salad for later and upon checking out there was this little old lady behind a dessert counter with chocolate cannoli's staring right at me.  Of course I couldn't resist!

The location isn't in the nicest area, but it's definitely worth hopping off I-17 to enjoy some Italian scenery and food.  The staff took me back to the time when I was in NYC walking in Little Italy during the San Gennaro festival.   That's culture at its greatest, but this was somewhat similar in many ways.
This gem has everything an Italian or anyone with good taste could desire!.. and they appear to be family-owned and offer excellent customer service!

I had the Italian Sausage and peppers sandwich on Italian bread and they told me it was an excellent choice... no doubt it was.  It was a top 5 quality fresh homemade Italian Sausage.  I was skeptical that the sausage was sitting under a heat lamp when I arrived, but it was clearly still very fresh and out of this world delicious.

My colleague ordered the hot pastrami and was told it was the best in the state.  He could not argue with that statement and at the first bite said he'd be coming back many times.

I've since come back and tried the Itallian Stallion, which was excellent!  You can't go wrong at this place, so much to try and it has a FULL Italian grocery, deli and bakery!  They have everything from fresh homemade frozen pizzas, veal, seafood, endless pasta selection, imported wines and cooking oils, etc.  I am going to spend a lot of money at this place, my wife should probably take the amex away now.

You gotta try this place!!!
Went back and picked up the best canolis I've ever had along with some delicious NY Cheesecake, Romanelli's pasta sauce, imported pasta, Wise potato chips and Italian cookies.  

It is now very clear to me that you absolutely cannot go wrong at this place.  I'm comfortable trying anything and everything there.  I would go every day if I could.  Great food, Italian grocery, deli, etc.
My uncle ordered one of their party subs for the Super Bowl. It was their italian sub, with capicolla, salami, ham, pepperoni, and provelone. It was FANTASTIC! I am a sucker for italian subs, but picky when it comes to the quality. This was perfect. I will definitely be going there myself to see what their other dishes tastes like.
Can't wait to have a real reason to go back here. We were doing a foodie market tour today and this was suggested as our last stop( my buddy Tom had to take home fresh cannolis home to the womenfolk). My plan is to go back for delicious sub sandwiches since this place is close to work . Why haven't gotten lunch here already ?  They have great Italian grocery supplies like the Stella Dora cookies I remember as a kid living in Jersey.  I also perused the San Marino tomatoes and pondered the differences from "regular" canned tomatoes. At 7.00 bucks a can I guess I won't ever know. I rather spend my money on baked goodies in the front case. My husband , the wonderful Michael  surprised me with a eclair . You know he loves me!
Have been here a couple of times now.  Had a craving for an italian sub the other day so roomy and I stopped in.  While trying to figure out what we wanted, the guy behind the counter started telling us about some of the hot entrees they had in addition to the sandwiches.  Italian sausage with onions and peppers, lasagna, veal parm and something else.  He gave us samples of the sausage.  OMG!  Incredible flavor.  He definitely was making our decision harder.  Chose George's special and we decided to get some fresh hot italian sausage from the meat counter along with some fresh parm to take home for dinner.  

We, like another reviewer were supposed to be coming here for a sandwich and we walked out with so much more.  I love to cook so we walked out with pasta, the fresh sausage, hunk of parm, fresh garlic bread, black and white cookie (huge and yummy), a fabulously thick and robust tomato sauce with onion and peppers.  Think the baked ziti I made with these ingredients was the best by far.  When making italian, no more grocery items, coming here instead.

If you're looking for a great italian deli/grocer, etc, you gotta try this place.
My mom and I went in for lunch over the weekend and tried some new items. My mother had the meat balls and I tried the Cannoli. 

Bravo! Romanelli's sent my taste buds into a frenzy over the weekend! My mother makes a mean Cannoli but I had to admit Romanelli's outdid her. Also the meatballs yummo! Not quite as good as my mothers but extremely close! 

The short of it is if you like cannoli you will love Romanelli's! Do your taste buds a favor and enjoy one soon! 

FYI they offer catering as well. Ask for Robert he will take care of you. Fuggedaboudit!

On another note: Surd I, the I must be for Insane. They have the best authentic meats and cheese's. I have tried cannoli all over this city. I don't know what cannoli you have been eating, but you wont find better in this city! Check your taste buds.
10-inches of hard crust Italian bread stuffed with ham, capicolla, salami, mortadella (hold the pepperoni), provolone, hot peppers, lettuce, tomato, onion and Italian dressing. Heaven. Great deal at only $7.95! Waaay to much sandwich for one person for lunch. 

They have a lovely pastry case filled with Italian cookies, cannoli shells (and cannoli, but I prefer to make my own filling - viva Sambuca and chocolate chips!) and sfogliatelle. 

Aisles and aisles of canned, jarred, boxed and bagged Italian pantry essentials (and they're not covered in dust like some other places). 

Keep an eye on the prices. Some are fair - Polly-O brand is hard to come by in the Valley but others are practical extortion! ($20 for Illy espresso!!?)
FANTASTICO....
The absolute best pastrami in the valley.... Really.... Better than any.... Great subs. Husband had the Italian. Son had the "George" It was Fab... The flavors... The meat... The breads... The lettuce... The dressing.... Everything was fresh and fab... I had the Pastrami.... New York style. WOW..... Mom had the greek salad which was great. Shared some cannolis etc. and the Napolean Piece. Sweetness was perfect. Did not feel sooo rich that we were bloated. Just the perfect flavor and perfect amount of richness. Love the atmosphere.... Loved the store.
It's impossible to walk out of here without dropping $50. From the great hoagies, to the best sausage I have ever eaten, I love this place. It reminds me of home. Real chopped cherry peppers, sweets, sabrett hot dogs and onions. I love the joint.
Yummmmmmmmmmmm! 
We moved to this area a year ago and every time I drive by this place I keep telling myself I want to try it. 
Well the hubs and I finally did this weekend! Sooooo freaken tasty!!!
I didn't get to go inside, I was outside with the dog, but the hubs said it ruled with all kinds of delightful items! 
The canoli's were AMAZING!!! I could eat 10 right now! 
The sandwiches were so good, my only complaint (and reason why I gave it 4 and not 5 stars) is that they ONLY offer a 10". Thats a load of crap, cut that in half and let people buy a 5" for the love of god! The hubs and I come from two different sandwich camps, I love mustard and mayo on mine and he is only a mayo guy, so we cant even split a sandwich. wah wah. 
I am really excited to go back and check this place out for myself. They have a full deli counter and I cant wait to drool over the pastry case!
I'm amazed that this place is in Phoenix. It carries rare and hard to find products from Italy as well as in-house made Italian products. House sausages are insane, the deli is truly supherb. Feels like a slice of New York in the desert.
A little Italian oasis in the desert ;o)
We go straight to the pastries... looking for Canolli and Tiramisu.
Their Canolli, YES... it's sooo good...  
The Tiramisu I think it's just okay...
And then they have all kinds of cool Italian theme t-shirts, like "FBI - Full Blooded Italian"... which is cool...
So, make sure to get the Cannoli when you come over here, and they have the chocolate one also... we bought 10 of them the other day...ba da bim, ba da bum, then they're gone ;o)
This place's Pastrami is as amazing as anything in NYC.  The canoli was also loved my girlfriend.
This is a great place to go for specialty items. I went here looking for unfilled canolli shells. There they were, right in front as I walked in. I loved that. I really don't like to ask where things are, so it was a bonus. 

I wandered the aisles a bit, and listened to the conversation around the place. A woman was talking about being a transplant from Chicago, and the proprietor told her all about some of the products they sold that were specific from that area. I liked the atmosphere.

I liked the variety of products sold, especially the large selection of drinks and things like that. Pretty cool!

My only difficulty was getting out of the parking lot. Blah. I hate traffic, and this place is close to a busy intersection. 

Other than that, no complaints!
Cannoli's. People, if you even THINK you know what a good cannoli tastes like, then you are sorely mistaken. Romanelli's hands down has the best cannoli's I've ever had. 
Ridiculous! 

The people who work here are so extremely friendly. I dropped in yesterday at 10 minutes til closing and I wasn't rushed at all. I ordered 2 sandwiches, a pound of the macaroni salad and made my way to the register. 

I noticed they were all out of cannoli's but the lady behind the counter had 2 made up for me, THAT's customer service! 

If you ever find yourself over by Metro Center and want a sub or even some baked zitti or lasagna go give them a whirl!
I am a 100% Italian and have lived in the Valley since 93 and today was my first visit to Romanelli's.  Even though I live in North Scottsdale - I will now be a regular for the rest of my life!

I was hoping that they would have Easter Bread & Zeppole - I walked in and asked Robert and he quickly gave me the tour and the treats I was looking for.  I even added a sfogliatelle for tomorrow morning.  

The meats, the sausage, the bread, the pastry, the cookies, the pasta the Italian baccalla, the fact that they told me to call ahead if I want anything special - this place is an Italian Food Lovers paradise!

I felt like I was back on the Hill in Providence!  My kids even had the Italian Ice and some cookies!

Buona Pasqua!
From the outside you might be unsure about going in to eat, but please do. This is an amazing little market/ deli/ restaurant all rolled into one. The store is very user friendly & is easy to find items you are looking for, if for some reason you can't find it the staff is more than willing to help & give suggestions if needed. The deli is great, good fresh bread & meat. I love the dressing they put on the sandwiches. The pastas, hot or cold are great as well. It's fast and easy to get in and out if you are in a hurry.
Wow, went to Romanelli's today for the first time, this place not only smells fantastic, the food is awesome!  Do not wait, go there....now!  I had the Italian sub, it was wonderful and only $4.95 for a half, which is plenty for one person.
If your a NY/NJ transplant to Phoenix and miss the Italian Bakery & Deli that you took for granted in your old neighborhood then rest assured because Romanelli's will make you feel like your back home.

Great cold cuts and subs.  Everything high quality.  Amazing homemade Italian sausage.  You got your Polly-O cheeses like back east and Wise potatoe chips and cheese doodles.  

Everyone mentions the Canolli and it deserves it.  I am not sure its the best I have ever had but its up there and they will get you fresh ones upon request with no hassle.  

Everything is fresh and everything is delicious and for a NY/NJ transplant it is a refreshing spot when feeling a little homesick!  

They even got great freshly baked Italian cookies and breads.  

Thank God for Romanelli's!!!
I was going to give them another visit before reviewing but eh.. I got time. 

The place is amazing if you are looking for grocery's, meats, cookies etc. It is an organized clutter of it all. 

We went for lunch, which was good, confusing, and a bit $ for what I got. . The meats, cheeses and bread were all good but not OMG good. They seemed a bit lacking in substance believe it or not. LOL 

I liked it, but I have not been back yet. HMM 

I will try again!
Maybe in the early 80's this was the coolest shnitzel in the 'hood, but now it's just plain spaghetto.

Really not impressed at all.

Tiny portions.  Mediocre quality, at best.  

Too much bread($) for not enough meat(meat).

This place is riding on its reputation, but where it got its rep, i'm not sure.

If you're a fan, then hey, more for you.  

I'm not coming back unless someone makes me an offer i can't refuse.
The meatball sandwiches are big, and very good. I like mine with extra sauce. That's the only sandwich I've tried but it's because it's so good I haven't gotten around to the others. And when you walk into the shop there's a big case of Italian butter cookies which are very fresh. I recommend the ladyfingers that are partly dipped in chocolate and fresh coconut.
Right from the first few seconds I opened the door to Romanelli's, I felt like I was in a fairy dreamland.  I was immediately greeted by a beautiful display case of Italian cookies, which we (my husband and I) later went back and bought a pound of.  Then we followed our noses to the deli counter, where they had both hot food already prepared, as well as a menu of deli sandwiches. We decided to shop around a little bit first, since I wanted to buy a few items. We took our time wandering around the store, and after about 10 minutes on of the owners, Robert, came over to us to make sure we were okay. He then proceeded to take us around the store pointing out all the best ingredients and what I was looking for.  It was a delight! I stocked up on the basics like EVOO, balsamic vinegar, pasta, and bought my first can of San Marzanos. It was after the canned tomato aisle that my heart stopped. I literally turned around and almost peed my pants. I almost pee my pants just thinking about it. I spotted the pastry case, and contained within was a HUGE eclair that made my heart do a little flutter. So of course I HAD to get an eclair....and a cannoli and baklava. This was my first cannoli and will most definitely not be my last. YUM!!!!!!!

We then went back to the deli counter and ordered lunch. I had the Italian Stallion and my husband had the sausage and pepper sub. He was so impressed, that we ordered 2 links of sausage to take home with us! 

Overall, this being my first time in an Italian deli and grocery, it was more of an experience than anything. The people were so friendly and helpful to the blonde girl from Phoenix. I clearly didn't know what I was doing but they have so much passion for their food and what they do, that they took the time to help educate me on Italian cooking and all the pleasure it brings. Even though it takes about 20 minutes to get here from my house, I will definitely be going back.
Love it.

Last night I dropped into Romanelli's for the first time after driving past a time or two.  Glad I did.

It's a bakery and deli that offers a fine selections of meats, cheeses and breads.  They also sell all things culinary Italia.  

When I stopped in it was 30-40 minutes to close.  I went directly to the deli counter for a sub and was met with a challenge as I decided which to try.  I opted for George's Special (ham, capicolla, salami, mortadella, pepperoni, provolone and hot peppers).  Given the close proximity to closing time I was expecting a sub on older bread that had been sitting around all day but it was still soft and very fresh.  The sub is easily the best I've had.  Amazing.

I also purchased a cannoli.  I'm picky about these things.  Too many places fill 'em and stock 'em and the filling makes the shell soggy.  Romanelli's fills them upon order just like the Italian bakery near a friends house in Newark, NJ (until last night the best cannoli I've had).  The cannoli was top notch.  Simply the best.

Right here in Phoenix, on one night, I had one of the best meals ever.  I cannot wait to return.  I only open they were open past 6pm.
DUDE.   Great place for all things ITALIAN
Gotta say, Romanelli's is awesome. If they don't sell out of their brisket, you  must get it. I've been lucky enough to get it twice in two weeks. If they are out, everything else is also top notch. Great ambiance, friendly staff  and I hUteave to say,  "this is the best deli in town."
Ifind it hard to belive that I have worked around the corner from this place for tthe past two year but have never come inside.... well I have gone two times this week so far! The desserts are truly amazing and so far I have had two turkey subs and e desserts. The subs both were a little dry so you have to make sure and tell them to put plenty of condiments on it, unless you like it that way. They are all so friendly there, and they have anything you can image italian including pizza dough balls and fresh pasta ready to be cooked. While in line to check out I saw that they even sell pasta making machines! If you haven't been here or are thinking of checking it..don't hesitate. Just go! You will be happy you did :)
I used to live in Chicago and until Romanelli's, I haven't found a good italian beef sandwich. When I took my first bite I was brought back to so many memories. I've had a few other sandwiches here and there hasn't been anything bad. Not to mention the amazing desserts. Definitely the place to go for great food from back east. Love it!
This place is fantastic. I went there and had the Itallian Stallion and it was fantastic. I loved the family atmosphere and all the custom itallian ingredients available in the deli. It was great service and fantastic food for a good price
good food, fair prices, good help
I head to Romanelli's for their deli section and eat in .... their food is fantastic.  True Italian food ... no one I've been there with has been disappointed.  Make sure you come hungry because portions are BIG and you will leave stuffed.  They also have a huge assortment of grocery items (ie - pasta sauce, pasta, etc)
Have been coming to Romanelli's for some time now. Have tried many items in their deli and bakery and each time it has been wonderful. Have had a few items from their hot food area, but it's not as good as the fresh made sandwiches. Their canolli's are fresh made and very yummy. The service is always great and the people are quite nice. Family owned and operated as well.
Today I had capocolla on wheat with their deli mustard. Spicy! Also had a conolli to go with it. All in all, a very good lunch.
Everyone here is yelping about the deli stuff. Okay, it's a deli and bakery - I get it. BUT what you gotta come here for is San Marzano tomatoes. Not those SM-like/style tomatoes that are actually grown in USA (yes they have those too) but the real deal, grown near the base of Mt. Vesuvius. Look for the DOP stamp (its like a region-control stamp on French wines).

Oh yeah, pick up some imported pasta in shapes you've never seen or some pizza dough and fresh basil (it's in the deli case by the meats) and make your own sauce. BAM!

Don't forget the Torrone (nougat candy) or some Italian Ice/Spumoni for dessert if you aren't a big pastry fan.
Great sandwich, great grocery store, incredible desserts, friendly people, kinda rundown location.
This place has one whole aisle for canned tomatoes & a half aisle for peppers of all sorts
Awesome deli. 
I purchased dry pastas, buffalo mozz., lg stuffed shells, meatballs canned San Marzano tomatoes (makes ALL the difference) & Tirimasu & eclair
I come here occasionally for lunch - their food is great, and if you want an authentic Italian deli and grocery, the selection can't be beat.  The deli counter spans the entire back of the store, where you can get meats, cheeses, sandwiches, and prepared dishes.  The rest of the store is the grocery and bakery, and the baked goods are fantastic.

The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is customer service.  Friendly, but a little rushed most of the time.  But you'll get a great lunch, and some great Italian delicacies you won't find anywhere else.
I have been going to this family owned business for years and love it! At the deli I always get the Italian stallion which is Delicious. The meat is always very fresh. They also have wise potato chips and Italian ice. Brings me back to my childhood growing up in New Jersey! Every time I stop in I always grab a few jars for their homemade spaghetti sauce. It is amazing and isn't to high in sodium. It's for sure the next best thing to making it yourself. I love the staff here as well. They are very friendly and will take care of you.
Great little place.  They have great sweet treats and their subs are awesome.  Love it!!!
I read all the reviews and made my decision to go to Romanelli's off of them....bad idea. 

I got the 'itallion stallion' and added turkey, which meant my sub was around $9.00 plus. There was a good amount of meat on the sandwich, but I asked for everything except onions, but somehow didnt get any oil and vinegar so my sandwich was super dry, 

The wheat bread was not very good, and too thick. 

Overall, I was not impressed and regret going. I will stick to duck and decanter and jersey mike's subs from now on.
Definitely the best Italian market in Phoenix! They have anything you'd want from italian themed non-food items to an amazing selection of pastas, sauces, meats, cheeses, pastries, and breads.  I was craving some good italian food and this place did not dissapoint.  Amazing selection and very nice people.
What a gem this place is. Stopped in for lunch and had a Italian Stallion sandwich and my wife had a Roberts Special. Both were outstanding and there were many items on the "hot bar" that I'd love to try so I will definitely be back.

The best part is along with the deli there is an Italian bakery and market. We got a couple of cannolis that were very good. A nice little old italian man (I think the owner) showed us around and we purchased some sauce, meatballs, bread and italian dressing for a big pasta dinner tonight that I've been looking forward to since buying all the stuff.

Highly recommend this place and I sure wish it wasn't so far from our home as I'd love to have access to a place like this on a regular basis.
Get George's Special with giardiniera, and grab a Bundeburg Ginger Beer.

I know this review was terse, but if you haven't been here before, this is all the information you need.
How have I lived 3 miles from this place for 8 years and had never been in until a few weeks ago!?!?!

Man, I was doing it all wrong. Home made sausage, good Italian pasta, San Marzano tomatoes, everything you need to make a great meal all in one shop, with a side of personality!

I haven't tried the sandwiches yet, but looking at the big old hock of prosciutto de parma in their cooler, I'll be back for those next!
This place has homemade Italian sausage, great sandwhiches, imported Italian meats and cheeses, a selection of hot daily specials for lunch and dinner, and that's just the back counter.

There also have a great selection of pastas, sauses, and a delightful array of jarred and canned goodies; everything from olives to grape leaves to tomatoes.

They are not open on Sundays, which has burned me once or twice, but that's the only negative thing I can say about this place.  Just try it and fall in love!
Im staerting to write extremely brief reviews of all the places I have been on the road.  this is my first review:
wicked awesome deli/store
great service
awesome sandwich, with great bread.  I will be back.
I'm pretty picky on my italina sandwiches, and this one worked very well.  if your looking for something authentic, go here.
Very professional and gracious staff, absolutely wonderful food. Best cannoli I've had besides Boston or NYC and by far best potato salad. The mozzarella salad was way over priced and under seasoned.
Delicious sandwiches! Amazing pastries! Must try
I pulled into the parking lot of the ghetto looking mini mall that Romanelli's is tucked into and parked right in front. 

In the last few minutes of enjoying the A/C in my car, I looked around at the writing all over the windows of Romanelli's and saw the entrance to the right and exit to the left... I was instantly taken back to my summer backpacking in Italy.  If you have ever visited Italy, and you never had to visit the supermercato while you were there, then you have no idea what I'm talking about, but for those of you that have been broke and backpacking, you know what I mean when I say this place has the same set up as an authentic Italian market-- a designated entrance, and very far away, usually after walking through the entire store, a designated exit.

And don't you dare go in through the exit... I don't know why, but it is heavily frowned upon.

Anyway, the only reason I came here was because I had a cannoli craving.  I picked up a Rockstar and two cannoli (one for me, one for my grandma), for about $10- kinda pricey, but it was worth it.

Best. Cannoli. In Phoenix.

If you had to make me choose, I'd go the Godfather route... take the cannoli, leave the gun..
Da bomb. I had a pastrami sandwiche and my lady had the turkey. Both excellent with the homemade bread. Couldn't pass up a napolean and some cannolis
Went here for lunch again yesterday and it was as good or even better than the first time. I had the Georges Special and some potato salad and both were outstanding. My mouth is watering now just thinking about  it.

I sure wish this place wasn't 37 miles away as I'd go back today for lunch if it were closer.
If you are a fan of the Subway Chain or On- Cor Frozen Dinners this is the place for YOU!

My husband tried the recommended George's Special. It's almost an Italian Style Hoagie. The quality of the meats aren't as bad as Subway but it was pre-portioned and made possibly days in advance and is all old and squashed together. They apologized to us and said they didn't have their normal rolls. The roll they had when we were there was a squishy roll that fell apart. The sandwich was dressed with a not so tasty dressing.  But on the bright side they do have hot peppers as an option.

They offer a sandwich of the day and also have a special board. The special of the day was Eggplant Rollatini. I thought that sounds good I'll try that. They all start running around and maybe five minutes later they tell me they are out of Eggplant Rollatini and my husband spots them pulling out from the freezer a big plastic frozen tray of them. 

So I go for the Sandwich of the day. It was corned beef on a roll. I asked them to put it on rye instead because that would taste better. They asked me if I wanted it cold or warm and I answered warm please. The people working seemed very confused making my sandwich. They toasted my bread and popped the corned beef in the microwave. It was a very generous portion of corned beef but it was a mediocre quality. I tried a side of cole slaw and it seemed very processed.

I saw chicken parmesan patties under a heat lamp and they looked like they were formed and processed just like those On-Cor Frozen Dinners that I remember from my childhood.

My husband purchased some of their house made Hot sausage. He cooked it as soon as we got home. He said it had a good flavor but it was unusually dry.

I would never come here again to eat anything but the store here is above average for an Italian Deli place.

1.5 Stars Rounded up for the store.
Learned about this deli in December and finally made it there today. So glad I made it there. Had a Italian sandwitch and it was great. This is the first sandwitch I have had in 10 years that has great bread. Robert brought me out a meatball to try and it was great. The perfect mix of beef and pork with some breadcrumb and baked to perfection. My original intention for going here today was for the proper ingredients for dinner tonight. Found Nina brand tomatoes with basil and some fresh cheese ravioli. I drove nearly thirty minutes to eat and shop here and will be back many times. The retail section on its own is great with several olive oils and basalmics to choose from. The deli counter has the proper amounts of pancetta and fresh provisions. This place could be very costly if you go there hungry.
Today was my first time here, as my co-worker & I went here to pick up lunch to take back to the office after finishing up a graphics installation nearby at Grand Canyon University. From the outside, this place looks like a 60's-era thrift store-type building. You walk inside, and it's an actual Italian store, delicatessen, and eatery filled with all things Italian...from the food, to the clothing, knick-knacks, and souvenirs. 

I ordered spaghetti and a medium-sized soda and my co-worker ordered the George, which was a 10' sub with all kinds of lunchmeats, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions, also vinegar and oil and oregano. It looked and smelled wonderful! He got it as a combo with chips and a large drink. 

When we went to pay at the register, my co-worker picked up a box of yummy Italian cookies of all types to take back to have for when we get "sweet munchies". All said and done, the lunch was about the price of your typical dinner entrees and dessert. Not too shabby. 

The ambience of this place was really wonderful and the owners were very, very friendly and hospitable. This is a "Mom & Pop" business and one I would gladly visit and buy meals and goods from over and over. The shop is located in a small strip mall at the intersection of Dunlap and 35th Avenue in Phoenix. 

I HIGHLY recommend this place when you are in the Phoenix area.
I have been going here since the 90's. being an italian chick from NJ, it was a blessing when I found this establishment. I usually get the #7 sub or the sausage, pepper and onion sub. The bonus is that they have Wise potato chips and cannoli. Their cookies are tasty too.  We usually get a pound and finish half of it before we get home.  Nice selection of imported foods too.
Ate there forc the first time and my sandwiches were awesome. So much better than subway. I would send my friends and family there
Cannoli!!!!  No pictures because it's gone. First time ever coming. This place is legit. I'll be back.
Very great sandwiches esp. Since I'm Italian I'm picky on my meats but I love this deli
Best fucking Cannoli's in Arizona (possibly west of the mississippi)....

...No need to say anything more. 

Go here, eat one, now.
Went there with the wife last week.  We've been there before and the food is always excellent but until now I've never done a review...my fault.
I had a Georges Italian sub.  It just couldn't have been better! Period.
Wife had her usual Sweet Italian Sausage w/ roasted peppers and stuff.  She adores them.  
Everything I've had has been great but I won't ever order anything except a Georges again.  You can't improve on perfection.
Hand Down This Place is Amazing OMG the Food so fresh you feel like your in Italy there in person eat food like mama makes it cant get better then that .The imported meats amazing the imported olive Oil is to die foe do i need to say more . This is the place I can get Married In and have my cake too..
Had heard of Romanelli's, but was never on that side of town at the right time to check it out. This time it really worked out. We ordered two sandwiches - Meatball and The George. Both were on 10 inch hoagie rolls. 

The meatball was piled high with meatballs, sauce, and cheese. The George was packed with meat and topped with sweet & hot peppers. The bread was fantastic. It was crusty, but not so hard that you could bite into it.

We split a cannoli for dessert. Crunchy and sweet. 

I would highly recommend Romanelli's. Worth the trip.

N*joy...
It's Thursday night January 23, 2014. I  reviewed Yelp for a good place that makes Pastrami sandwiches. I decided Romanielli's is the place. I drive 12.4 miles to find it. It is dark and closed on Thursday night at 7:30pm.  What else is there to say???
Just like back home!! Polly-O. If you don't know, you're going to need to go find out!
This is the best Italian store here in AZ!!!  It is just like the ones back home in Chicago.  Only difference is the one back in Chicago that I used to go to (I think it was Gino's in Norridge...) also made calzones, arancinis, etc in their bakery section.  ALL Italian food, fresh made pasta.  And the family there that run the place are awesome!  It's been a while since I've been there but Robert is so helpful.  And they recognize my mom!!!  (After spending a couple hunge.)  Their cannolis and Italian Cassata cake is amazing, as are the rest!!!

If they would make homemade arancinis and fresh calzones they would get 6 stars from me!!!  The sandwiches are pretty good, I'm used to more crusty bread like back home.  Easy to spend more than you intended, but worth every penny!!
5 stars to Rob and his family! What do I usually get here?  My wife gets the lasagna,  I get a nice hero, maybe chicken cutlet,  or a nice prosciutto and provolonewoth peppers.  Come for St Joseph's day and the whole week you can get the best stuffed zeppoles!!! FORGETTABOUDIT!  The pastries are the bomb. And the family and staff are the best. You can get cooking utensils, small kitchenware you won't find anywhere else,  italoan tshirts, frozen stuff to take home, hard to find canned goods....everything Italian.
Drove from Surprise to get here.  We weren't disappointed!  Great Italian food - huge deli department.  Wonderful breads and pasteries.  Mouthwatering treats.  We'll be Back!!
Visited Romanelli's today to pick up some San Marzano tomatoes which turned into a wonderful experience. It was around noon when I went so I figured I might as well get some lunch as well. I got the super sub sandwich and it had a good portion of meat and cheese on it. I believe it came with ham, pepperoni, salami, and cappicola and all of them had really great flavor. I also tried a cannoli which I really enjoyed. The cannoli shell had great texture and the filling was very creamy. My girlfriend wanted to try the limoncello mascarpone cake which was super moist and had a really great lemon flavor. As we were picking out which desserts to choose from, one of the workers was very nice and helpful and she also shared with us one of her recipes. The customer service alone is a good enough reason to make a visit here. They make you feel welcome and very comfortable and you can tell that they love what they do. Lastly, after we finished our meal another worker was handing out samples of their Italian sausage which was spicy and had really awesome flavor. I will most definitely be coming back for other great Italian treats.
As soon as I walked in, I felt like I was back home in a New York Italian deli. It smelt incredible. There was a HUGE variety of Italian delicacies. I ended up getting a sub( the godfather), with all the fixings. It was perfect! We also purchased stuffed chicken ( stuffed with cheeses, tomatoes, peppers and prosciutto ). I felt like I was eating my grandmas stuffed chicken! DELICIOUS! 

I was thrilled to find Ferrara torrone ( Italian almond & honey nougat candy) that my Grandma used to buy all the time when I was little.

Over all the food was delicious, however the prices were a bit much. I did purchase an over price keychain ( couldn't be worth more that $1, I paid 9.99), as well as a lanyard. Our total came to  a little under $50! 

I will be returning before I move back east!
Romanelli's is a place worth checking out if you have a taste for a true Italian Sub or dessert. The Italian Stallion  was well priced and a great portion of food. You could spend and hour just trying to figure out which dessert you want to try, but I found that you can't go wrong with the NY cheese cake. The staff was nice and friendly.

The biggest problem with this place has nothing to do with the restaurant itself, but with the surrounding area. The amount of vagrants  just hanging around, asking to have the money I actually went to work for was disgusting. Nothing but savages, and junkies walking around like zombies.

Oh, I almost forgot......we went to the park just north of the restaurant  to eat by the little lake there. The first thing I saw was a 40 year old man having sex with a 20 year old in his truck. Then the second thing I saw was a transient take another transients bike which lead to a mini bum fight, and the police showing up.

If Romanelli's was not such a staple in the area THEY SHOULD MOVE!!

I almost feel bad about this review because the restaurant  is almost getting over looked because of the trash surrounding it.
Romanelli's Deli and Bakery, if that doesn't sound Italian nothing does.  I was heading north on 35th Ave and passed Dunlap on my way to give Rocket subs another try.  Out of the corner of my eye I glimpsed the sign for Romanelli's and immediately flipped a u-turn, left a little Z rubber on the pavement and scooted back to Romanelli's.

It's located on the south side of Dunlap, just east of 35th avenue in a small non-descript strip mall but the sign is large and you really can't miss it.  You enter one door on the west and exit a little ways east by the cash register.

This is a great little Italian grocery/deli/bakery.  If Italian is what you're looking for, there's a good chance it's here.  Cases of San Marazano tomatoes, pastas, sauces, exotic olive oils, etc.

I wanted lunch and had heard great things about their sandwiches.  All true.  I had the 10" supersub with  1/2 lb of meat (ham, capicolla, pepperoni, and cheese along with red onions, lettuce and tomato).  Choice of bread is white, wheat, Italian.  The Italian bread has a harder crust than the white so I opted for the white; I tend to like softer food.  I also grabbed a cane sugar cherry soda from the case.  The sandwich was excellent, very good, bread was spot on and the meat was tasty and sliced fresh.  I stayed and ate onsite; they have a number of tables to sit at.  I was charged an extra $1 for the soda because I was eating onsite, not sure why, kind of struck me as odd.

Finished the meal with a handmade chocolate cannolli which almost caused an accident from my eyes rolling back into my head while I was driving, it was so good!  I had hoped to eat half and save half for later today but it didn't even make it to two blocks to I-17.  Between the cannolli and the cane sugar soda I'm in no danger of low blood sugar tonight.

This is a family operation and they were all exceedingly helpful and polite, it was a refreshing change from the "chain" mentality.  

I'll be back!
Sorry I just made this account even though I told the person working the deli I would leave a review the next day, it's been 3 months. Well I remember how it tasted. Amazing if you ask me. Four and a half stars if it existed. I would give five if it was a sole eatery so the atmosphere is split. Go here if you want some Italian goods and a fresh tasting sandwhich.
Prices are higher than in NYC and Europe (even with the Euro at a low). Some of the things you can find at regular grocery store and Walmart. Meat & Cheese Selection was not European.  No Smoked meat no European soda. A lot of overpriced pasta and sauce. I am not sure if they make there rainbow cookies or have someone else do it, but they are not worth buying.
Ahhh, just what the doctor ordered. Today I was looking for a good Italian cold cut sandwich fix. I found it here with the 10"super sub! 
If Romanelli's isn't Italian, I don't know what is.
I also grabbed a jar of Il Primo giardienera, slapped some of that goodness on my sub and I was good to go! The sub was big! Saved the other half for later.I'll be back for sure!
This place was awesome. I use yelp to find most meals while I travel for work. We found this place for lunch while looking for subs. We go so much more. I had the Italian stallion sub and artichoke salad, my buddy had the homemade sausage with peppers and we spilt some prosciutto stuffed peppers. Everything was incredible, fresh and authentic. Check them out. I would love to give a review on the cannoli but I'm taking it to go. They look great tho.
This place is amazing! Excellent food and wonderful service. Huge assortment of meats and cheeses.
On our way to an A's game at Phoenix Municipal Stadium, we were on a hunt for breakfast. Our pre-yelped stops were way off the beaten path and we wanted to get to the stadium somewhat early. We found this place in the shopping plaza somewhat nearby. We were quite suprised to find that the place was packed!!! With a line! and a great smelling bagel smell filling the room. We were quite happy to find that there were bagel sandwiches with eggs and there were even wraps. We both ordered bagel sandwiches with turkey sausage and egg and cheese. We opted for different bagels. The bagels were warm soft and fresh. SOOOO YUMMY!!! I would highly recommend. The prices are a bit up there if you are looking for just a quickie breakfast, but way better than fast food. 

Check it out.
When in the mood for bagels I go to Einstein's with my several year old yellow Einstein Brothers stainless coffee mug.  I pick up an AZ Republic and order a toasted good grains bagel with garden veggie.  I usually have the bagel in a basket by the time I get to check out or at worst when I am filling the coffee mug.  The coffee is mellower than my usual Starbucks but compliments the bagel.  Einstein's draws both the young and mature and I enjoy the ability to read the paper at my leisure either inside or outside in the morning shade.
This Einstein's has been here for years and it's always reliably good bagels, bagel sandwiches, decent service, and darn good coffee.  I like some of their new menu additions in recent years such as the spinach frittata.
Avoid this einstein's at all cost. I have been laying in bed puking for over 12 hours because I ate at this garbage dump. The reason I know it was them? My girl is laying next to me puking as well. And the only place we both ate together less than 24 hours ago was there.

The incompetent staff that happens to grace this poorly operating business cannot tell the difference between a large drink and a medium and take over 10 minutes to make two identical sandwiches.

After we got home and ate them, fast forward 6 hours and we are both puking our brains out.

The most common reason for this to happen is when an employee does not wash their hands after getting feces on them. Then they touch my food and I get sick. Based on the staff that day, it does not surprise me one bit.

I would recommend starving over going here. Never again. Now I will go speak to Ralph on the big white telephone some more.
Great bagels....and super yummy coffee.

The men's bathroom is horrible however and needs to be redone.  Seen better bathrooms in freeway rest stops.
My room mate and I go in frequently to grab coffee and a bite.  They have some great flavored coffees at their coffee bar....(my roomie even thinks they're better than Starbucks!)...and cheaper!  The food is pretty good too...not the best..but pretty good.  They have tables outside that make for good places to sit and read when it is nice out.....
I'm always impressed with the staff here. There could be five people or 30 people in line and they just move it along. Nice!

I like the bagel sandwiches... both breakfast and lunch. But really, the garden veggie cream cheese is the BEST!!! Love the fresh bagels :)
Einstein's is one of the only decent-ish places to get a bagel here...although they really aren't quite bagels (having enjoyed many a NY bagel in my day).

This particular location is so hit or miss. Sometimes, like this morning, they are on top of it, friendly, and provide great service. Other times, I've been served the wrong item, had untoasted bagels, half servings of cream cheese, and ridiculous lines.

I think 2.49 is a little high for a bagel and schmear, but luckily, they have plenty of coupons to make it worth while.  Will I come back? Yes, but only because there aren't really a lot of other options in my neighborhood.
Einstein's really defines mediocrity. At best, it's just ok, on average, you will probably regret your trip.

For starters, this location is not set up very efficiently. For some reason, you walk in, then have to hang a hard right- navigate around people sitting down- then arrive at the counter. 

Jumping forward, the bagels are really, really boring. They're not terrible, they won't make you sick, but they're just so uninspired. Scottsdale has a handful of good, locally owned bagel stores where you can get a better bagel, at a much better price. After eating a bagel from there, I always kinda shake my head and ask myself why I don't just drive north a bit to a better bagel? Damn my laziness. 

I have a feeling that the same people that love Einstein's are the same people who think Applebees is amazing, and Walmart is a great place to shop. It's not their fault really, but sad nonetheless.
This review ultimately means nothing since Einstein's has a million locations and probably makes like a buyillion dollars, but I have to say it, because I don't understand why...I find both their bagels & their cream cheese way too "fluffy"! Both feel like they have been overly injected with air, I could eat like 20 of them and still be starving, a bowl of rice crispies gives me more satisfaction.
The customers tend to stare like they have never seen a hungover girl covered in tattoos who just wants a toasted bagel to make her feel better.
Other than that, its always yummy. I would ask for light cream cheese tho, otherwise they put a layer like 6 inches thick on there.
I have just a few issues with this place. There is usually a line in the morning because they have one person taking orders. They also run out of popular bagels on weekends and you may have to wait , which at least means they are hot and fresh. Inside is very spacious with plenty of seating as well as tables outside. Parking can be stressful at times since it is located in a busy shopping center.They have a variety of signature and gourmet bagels as well as sandwiches. I will continue to choose them for my bagel needs until I find a better option.
I love Einstein's! This location isn't my favorite but I'm biased toward loving the location I used to go to as a child. The staff at this Scottsdale location is very nice and helpful, at times I notice they get flustered (usually during the peak hours) and sometimes forgetful. But all in all they are super friendly so I guess in some cases it makes up for their rare mistakes they make. Just be sure to check your order if you come here during a rush. 

The location itself is easy to find but this parking lot is a disaster and always is, so be warned about the parking situation (park to the left of the building for a non crowded lot)  

My usual is an everything bagel toasted with plain cream cheese. Possibly double toasted if I'm in a picky mood. 

They also have awesome breakfast and lunch sandwiches and an awesome coffee selection. "Darn good coffee!" 

I'll be back for the delicious fresh bagels that are made daily the friendly staff and dirty chi latte! Yum!
This location is awful! HORRIBLE customer service. Not one employee smiled at us or greeted us. After we already ordered they told us that they were out of the pumpkin shmear, (which is the only reason we went) and we told them that we would like a refund and we will go to a different location. They rudely gave us a refund and while we were walking out told us that the pumpkin season was over and would not find it anywhere else. Why would they not inform us of this before we ordered and before our refund. Not to mention that advertisement of the pumpkin items are located all over their store. Because of their extremely poor customer service, we will never be returning to this location, and I suggest you save yourself from a bad mood and find a different location as well.
Chelsea, the store manager, has exceptional customer service skills. She made me feel very comfortable and welcome in the store. She greets and says goodbye to all the customers in the friendliest manner. I have never experienced such great service Thank you Chelsea!
Einstein's and I have a usual love affair. This being said, I was extremely dissapointed in this location. 

The entrance is awkward and they are usually understaffed. I love their bagels and their fresh squeezed OJ......"Fresh Squeezed OJ"---- is usually from concentrate at this store. Being an Einstein fanatic, I can tell. At first sip. That this was a frozen juice concentrate. Other Einstein's have a tangy, sweet OJ. 

And the shmear:

 Eisntein's is usually known for globbing ooey gooey, delicious and ridiculous amounts of shmear on their bagels. This Einstein's seems to scrape the bottom of the barrrel to get enough to cover your bagel. 

So sad as this is really close to my work but it looks like I'll have to continue to go to Shea or Desert Ridge for my Blueberry Bagel, toasted, with Strawberry Cream Cheese.
I've been to a number of Einstein's Bagels, but this one really stands out above the rest. 

Excellent customer service! A staff member named Chelsea welcomed every single customer in the store and seemed genuinely happy to see them. When she wasn't busy behind the counter taking breakfast orders, she was switching out the freshly brewed coffee, wiping down tables, and asking guests how their meal was. 

I ordered a breakfast sandwich and medium coffee - both were delicious and quickly prepared. The coffee bar was clean, well stocked, and the coffee carafes were full which I appreciated. The egg whites, mushrooms, asparagus, and Swiss cheese where delicious on a toasted garlic bagel. 

This location has a great neighborhood feel - a few customers greeted one another while enjoying their breakfast and Chelsea even knew several regular customers by name! Such a welcoming and friendly vibe here. I usually frequent the Tempe location which is heavily populated with students with laptops and iPods who mostly avoid eye contact, so it was refreshing when an older gentleman said good morning to me when he sat down at the next table.  

Come here to enjoy a tasty breakfast in a relaxing and welcoming environment.
Probably the standard for bagels in the valley... Meaning if someone in your office "brought bagels" they probably came from Einstein.  Ok when toasted and topped with something, bland and too bread like for me when eaten alone. This location seems to get new management every couple of weeks, and the latest iteration seems to have things dialed in... The woman in front of me order about ten things, and then I ordered my single bagel. Oh great, here's a good fifteen minute wait I thought (Einstein runs a strict assembly line system usually, so orders are preped in order, regardless of the inefficiency this can bring). However this time, the staff banged out the massive order very quickly, before I had even gotten my coffee. While this situation was acceptable, too often I've waited for 15 minutes for a non-toasted bagel in the same situation. I realize typical bagel slingers aren't rocket scientists or efficiency experts, but the management should correct this glaring inefficiency. Being fast is about all this place is good for really.
Yet another bizarre little shop in the quirky Papago Plaza. Going along with the theme of generic non-clever naming - The Sub Shop fits right in with neighbors "Papago Brewery," "Beads," "Mail," "Tanning," and "Korean Restaurant"... I swear, it's like stepping into a movie set where they opt out of product placement or name dropping. 

Anyway - going along with the name, this place has a pretty generic insides as well. It's definitely a sub shop. A place where you can get subs. Are they good? Yes... quite. The food all seems pretty fresh and you can bet it's healthier and of higher quality than the shit they shovel at Subway or the like. Generous with the meat - fresh sliced and priced to move as well. The bread has ranged from possibly day-old to squishy soft and fresh, but usually the latter.

Pricewise, it's a few bucks more than a chain that serves crap, but it's totally worth it. If you live in the neighborhood, I see no reason to not stop here for a bite. It's good. You'll forget it exists though... even if you write the name of the place down on a slip of paper and stick it to the fridge.

Edit: Been eating from here for lunch regularly - wanted to add - their prices are great, they always have fresh white bread, and the quality of their meats is fairly premium. Really tasty sandwich. Had to add a star... It's not super special or anything, but it's really good and reliable and inexpensive. What more could you ask for from an affordable lunch?
I was running errands, did a quick search from my phone of a sandwich place nearby and I am so thankful The Sub Shop came up in the results.

It is a basic sandwich joint, nothing fancy. It is super clean, and they had one TV on CNN and the other on a baseball game. There were a few folks sitting at tables, but there wasn't a crazy line, even at 12:30pm.

I ordered my usual, veggie sub. The girl working behind the counter was super nice. My sandwich came out about 3 minutes later, and it was DELISH. The bread was fresh, the veggies were crisp, I was a fan. A few minutes later a man, who I presume to the owner, stopped by to ask how my lunch was, my thoughts on the menu, and asked if I had picked up a loyalty card. He was very geniune, and nice, which made me wish I ventured this far south from my office more often for a bite. Good Food, Good Prices... definitely recommend.
Its a racket.
After installing solar panels all morning under hazy skys, it was nice to sit down to a hearty bowl of soup and a big salad... got the big salad ok but the soup was watery and lacking in taste. I would have thought by all the firemen and construction people that the food would be a little heartier. The price is right though for what you get and if you like dining with firemen this is the place to go.
For real hearty fair, I would suggest stopping at Chompies down the street.
BY FAR my favorite gourmet sandwich place that I've been to in AZ. They have a pretty extensive menu featuring both hot and cold sandwiches, soups, salads, etc. Try the... well, hell... there are too many great sandwiches to recommend to choose just one. Only drawbacks are: it tends to be pretty crowded during the lunch rush, the interior needs updating, and it's closed on Sundays.
I'm a huge fan of Picnic Company in general, and this is the location I've frequented the most... It's pretty basic stuff but an extensive salad and sandwich menu are appealing to me.  I'm kind of addicted to their almond chicken salad.  I like to get a full portion for lunch - it's delicious with their honey mustard dressing!  

I also like that they offer different soups and side items daily - and their fruit is actually fresh!  They deliver, which is another major bonus if you work nearby and can't escape but I recommend placing your order early as sometimes it can take awhile.

Only negative in my eyes (other than the fact that they are closed on Sundays) is that they use some kind of processed avocado or guacamole instead of the real thing.  Other than that, you can't go wrong... enjoy your picnic!
You might think its just a sandwich but try making it taste that good at home. It never works for me.

I love the Picnic Company, it was the first place I ate at while visiting Phoenix about 6 years ago and still a favorite now that I live here.

Huge menu, sandwiches, salads, soups and yogurt shakes. Fresh ingredients, generous sizes and a comfortable dining area. 

My favorite is the Turkey on nine grain with the works(hot honey mustard, mayo,lettuce ,cucumber, tomato and sprouts with your choice of cheese) and a side of their Artichoke Tortellini pasta salad, LOVE that pasta its so Good!!

Nothing but Fresh Food and pleasant experiences here for me!
I used to come here many many years ago when I lived in the area... it was one of my favorite places go for sandwiches.  And I made it here for lunch finally once again.  It was as good as I remember.  This time I wasn't very hungry so I settled on the Harvest Picnic which was very good.  It had roasted red peppers, avocado spread, mushrooms, tomato, cucumber, romaine lettuce, alfalfa sprouts and hot honey mustard on on 9 grain bread.  I will definitely be back since I am in the area now I can't wait to try their huge menu of sandwiches, soups, salads and even shakes!
Want a great sandwich? Try this place. I love it! Their sandwiches are fresh and they offer a ton of toppings to put on them. You will not get board with their selection of "Picnic" sandwiches. I love their turkey with raspberry jam. I will keep coming back. They are one of the few cafes that offer dofino cheese. Call ahead or order for delivery for lunch. The cafe can get very crowded, but the food is worth the wait if you can get a table.
While this place is not very huge it definitely does not lack in flavor. I was first introduced to their great tasting grub a little over four years ago when the place I worked at used to be located down the street. One day after finding out someone had helped themselves to my lunch, I decided to place an order for a sandwich and a large ice tea. 

What I received can only be described as one awesome sandwich. Meat and cheese were piled high and the veggies tasted like they came right out of a garden. Each bite made me happy and sad at the same time. Happy that I was feasting on such delicious food yet sad that because of my huge hunger this cold cut master piece would soon be gone. LOL OK so I may be putting a little to much on it but that was one seriously good sandwich! 

They always offer the best tasting meat and cheese (dofino hmmm) and their selection of bread (nine grain, honey wheat, white, and sourdough) is great also if you are in the mood to mix things up a little. They also serve salads and soup if you are looking to complete your comfort food combo but by far your best bet is to go for the sandwiches. My recommendation is the complete picnic if you are REALLY hungry as this will fill even the largest belly guaranteed! So if you are tired of nasty and tasteless subs and those dumb $5 foot long commercials then give this place a try. Your stomach will thank you!
I have only had the Cheese Soup in a bread bowl here, but it is worthy of four stars.  My boyfriend has had the BLT and he said it was good, not that you can really mess up a BLT.  They have a large sandwich menu, soups, salads and sides.
Wanted something different for lunch, went to Yelp and bam!  Rhonda had just put in a review for a place 5 minutes away.  It was fate!

Dilly's Deli was easy to fine, had lots of parking and a great mix of student and business customers.  As if the bucket of Dr. Brown's Soda wasn't enough to make me like it, "Looking for love in all the wrong places" was playing. (Followed by Van Halen's Animal. Interesting transition...)  

Menu is simple, sandwiches, wraps, salads and soup, and combos available for any 2 of those things.  I noticed they use Boars Head meat, which is nice. I got a 1/2 sandwich small soup - which actually less than a full sandwich at $6.29.  The sandwich was on a soft Italian style bread, cut at an angle.  Made for a better sandwich than I thought as it was toasted just a bit, but oh so soft on the inside.  The chicken salad was great.   And the small soup they gave came in a bread bowl - SO awesome.  It wasn't sourdough as I'd hoped, but it was a nice white.  That Wisconsin cheddar soup was way too yummy.  It felt more like bread dip.  And since I got mine to go, I got the whole loaf w/ soup on the side so I could create it myself once it was ready to be eaten.

The place is cute with nice outdoor and indoor seating.  Definitely a new regular spot for lunch!
if you live in tempe, this has to be a staple to your menu. good, fat sandwiches on thick slices of toasted bread.
always have new england chowder - and you get the bread bowl even if you get it to go, very nice.
i had the greek salad and thought it was kind of bad. but other than that, this place is killer.
usually super packed during lunch time because of proximity to ASU, and parking can be a pain during those time.
What the hell is a Dilly?  Dill is a pickle, and there's Piccadilly, both the circus and the old folks buffet.  Is Dilly a person?  Is Dilly some ante-bellum dance?   Whatever a dilly is, it's also a very high quality restaurant. 

Dilly's features exceptionally fine bread and Boar's head meats.   Admittedly, the sandwiches and wraps they offer really aren't my cup of tea, but the southwestern club I had was chock-full of quality ingredients and service was prompt and cheerful.   I also enjoyed the cream of broccoli soup in a breadbowl.   I've had better breadbowls and definitely had better soup, but everything seemed fresh and the place was packed so I'm tempted to think my pallete may just be unrefined.    

With wraps, sandwiches, 4 kinds of sides (namely ridiculously fresh and tasty fruit) and half sandwich/salad/soup options Dilly's is a great lunch tim get-away.
Be sure to call in your order at Dilly's if youre going for lunch.  Its packed every weekday and you do end up waiting for a bit.   But its a good atmosphere if you have to wait, Tempe business folks and college students alike enjoy meals here.  There is seating outside and inside is always clean.  

I really like Dill's sandwhiches and soups...quality ingredients (Boar's Head meat) and awesome bread.  Although I will say the bread outweighs the insides of the sandwhich usually, and that annoys me.  I go for extra meat and cheese and take half home, but thats just me.
Easily Dilly's Deli is my sandwich shop of choice in Tempe.  I think I must luck out when it comes to the weekday ASU/Downtown Tempe crowds, because I never have had much of a wait here.  

The sandwiches here are superior: Boar's Head meats and thick luscious sliced bread made from scratch.  I never go wrong with the dark brown cracked wheat.  My usual order here is the Southwestern club (turkey, bacon, avocado, pepper jack cheese, red onions and raspberry honey mustard), although the Smokey Mountain and Buffalo Chicken are tasty as well.  The Southwestern club is comparable to the Turkey Chipotle wrap from Paradise Bakery if you're into that.

Now that it's cooling down, I'll be up for the bread bowl soup thang so I'll def. update you all on the soup.

Dilly's is more pricey than your typical sandwich place, but worth it I think.  Lunch with a soda ran me 9 bucks.
Its small and it can get really busy so try to go on the fringes of the lunch hour if you want to get a seat or avoid a wait.  The sandwiches are huge but I wish that my chicken Caesar wrap had more dressing in it....it was kind of dry without it.  (I actually ended up just taking it out of the wrap and eating it like a salad.)  I've heard they have pretty good clam chowder so I'm going to have to check that out if we ever get a day that is cool enough to warrant warm, creamy chowder.
Mmm bread. Mmm sandwich. Mmm soup. 

I've been going to this place forever for all my sandwich needs. They provide it every...single...time.
I do like the dill. The brocolli soup bread bowl got me through many a stoned afternoon in my ASU days, and I hope it's still as good!

Once I dropped the vegetarian bull, I started ordering sandwiches here and was always delighted by the quality of the meats and cheeses and the freshness of the bread. It gets incredibly crowded  as one might expect, but that's okay. It's totally worth it.
Can this place make a sandwich or what!?!  I continue over and over again to bring friends to this place for lunch...Just to eat the bread!

The soup in a bread bowl is killer!  The bread used for sandwiches is killer!  The students that frequent the place for lunch is killer!  and the parking will kill you if you come at lunch...Very difficult to park there...so be prepared!

I give it a four out of five stars because of the parking situation , otherwise it would get a five star!
Some of the best sandwiches west of the Mississippi!  The salads are good too, as are the fresh baked goods (i.e. cookies.)  I've seen a lot of friends slurp down and devour the soup in bread bowls too, so I imagine they are most excellent.  My only qualm with the place is the strange smell.  Whenever I do lunch there, I leave smelling like a french fry, even though they don't fry anything there.  What gives?  Still, despite this annoyance, I keep coming back for more delicious food.
I have no idea who Dilly is but they sure know how to make sandwiches!!!  I have devoured many a delicious meal from this joint and they have never disappointed me.  The interior lacks much creativity but who really cares when you are scarfing down some of the best sandwiches in the valley? The vibe is very college and laid back.  It can get hectic around lunch so if you go keep in mind that it might  take a while.
Dilly's Deli is a great lunch time spot.  My coworker suggested going because it is her favorite soup place, she loves the potato. I usually call ahead because it gets crowded.  They have the best soups, very creamy with lots of flavor.  I'm not big on chunky soups, so I like the crab and lobster bisque (only served on Fridays) and the Wisconsin cheese.  The chicken noodle is good too, lots of noodles in a creamy broth.  I like the sandwiches too, the Southwest (comes with sweet honey mustard) and chicken salad (has lots of dill) are my favorites.  The more traditional sandwich options, like the dilly bird, are kinda boring and bland to be honest. So, go with the more adventurous sandwiches.  I probably end up here once a week for lunch, it's hard to resist!
Meh....

I mean, everybody (from work to here) tells me that Dillys Deli is awesome.  So, maybe I went there with my expectations a little high...

But all i got was leaving the place smelling like a Dilly and feeling a little underwhelmed.

I got the vegetarian sandwich, which the cashier told me that the mushrooms were grilled.  (Negative...not cooked at all) It was alright, nothing to write home about. The pasta salad was just, well, pasta salad.  But my cookie was really yummy.

So, my review is...meh....
Everytime I'm in AZ, I have to hit Dilly's at least once for lunch. The sandwiches are great and I really enjoy the wraps (maybe even more). The Poore Bros. chips are amazing! Can't go wrong with any of the choices on the menu.
The food was very good. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich. The chicken was very tender and definitely a large size portion. 

However, the service was not great. The cashier who rung me up was extremely unfriendly and when I asked a question about the menu, he just stared at me instead of clearing up my confusion. After all of that, I was overcharged for my lunch and left feeling extremely frustrated for not even getting the combo meal that I paid for.

Food A.....Service F.
I need to get myself over to Dilly's Deli soon- I have not been in awhile.  I really liked the potato soup in the bread bowl--- wow!  SO good.  So am craving it now.  

The lunch line would get really long though, if you can avoid the lunch rush, I would and go at an off-beat hour instead.

The bread is all really good here and the prices were good too.
Went to Dilly's for the first time and thought it rang a bell...obviously not realizing it's widespread Yelp success. Being in the dead heat of summer I can't really go for soups, other than gazpacho soup.which I have yet to find in Phoenix.  Went with my girlfriend. I had a very delicious and filling "Gobbler" (Turkey, lettuce, cream cheese, cranberry sauce and mayo), very similar to those familiar with Sack's Improv sandwich. She had a Mexiwrap. Had a bite of it and found it a bit clayish and clumpy not to mention that there were a lot of jalapenos. Other than, definitely worth another visit. As all other good places, just wish they had more locations, at least through Scottsdale.
Pretty good. The bread is a bit greasy for me though. Extra points for using Boards Head meat and having so many different mustards and sauces. 

The soup in the bread bowl is the highlight of the day. I like the chicken noodle. It's so bad for you but worth it every once in a while.

I also feel 90 years old when I eat at this location. I'm not even 30 but the college kiddies look at me like, bitch please.
Great place to pick up a great sandwich. Close to where I work so its good for me and I have been eating here for years.

The only drawback here is that they aren't cheap. For good food though, I think the price is most often worth it.
Dilly's is pratically perfect! They have a slew of sandwiches you can choose from and every single one I have tried has been outright delicious! I always come back to the chicken salad sandwich on white though. It is probably the best chicken salad sandwich I have ever had and you know Ive had plenty in my day! Their bread is fresh and they toast it perfectly. They also have some of the best bread bowls this side of San Francisco! They have a few different soups and you can mix and match any of them, I usually go with the cheese soup mixed with the cream of broccoli. The bread bowl is so good that I cant help but devour the whole thing! Its pretty cheap too for what you get! A huge sandwich and large bread bowl is only like $8.50, which is, again, totally amazing for how much frickin' delicuous food you receive! Overall I give this place a "Mmmm sandwich and soup, cant go wrong here!"
Dilly's Deli reminds me of an East Coast Deli because of how good their bread for sandwiches and soup bowls are! Plus, they have so many options its ridiculous and their lunch special for 1/2 sandwich, drink, and chips is unbeatable. 

I'm a total sucker for their Veggie Supreme sandwich, I love anything with cream cheese and alfalfa sprouts. It sounds weird but don't knock it 'til you try it.
Ok. My boyfriend has been trying to get me to come here for months. However, I am not a sandwich lover, so I've always refused to come with him for lunch. Once we actually pulled up here (I didn't know that this was where we were going) and parked and I made him leave. I'm usually not this difficult about food, but I like hot food and always think of sandwiches as cold. We went to Samurai Sam's instead that day and now I know what a huge mistake I made. 

I tried Dilly's Deli for the first time yesterday and I loved it! I got half a Yahoo sandwich (roast beef, melted Swiss, mushrooms, and onions) and a creamy chicken noodle soup which comes with a bread bowl. Both were delish and cost only $6.29. I'm craving both again as I write this. I will have to try another one of their soups when I come back. This location does get pretty busy. We stopped by for a late lunch and just beat the crowds that came in about 5 minutes after us.
A huge fan of Dilly's Deli!

The first time I had it, a friend brought it back from a long lunch so it wasn't anything I was amazed about. A while later I went with some friends and I've loved it ever since. I usually get the Gobbler (turkey, cranberry sauce, cream cheese, lettuce) and chicken noodle soup, which never fails please me. 

I converted one of my friends from Bison Witches to Dilly's. Yum!
When I lived in Arizona for a time, this was one of my favorite places to go for sandwiches.  It certainly beat Subway and Schlotzky's by a long shot.  The sandwiches are prepared fresh and the cashier's didn't mind had soda in our "water" cups.  Shh, don't tell them that, lol.  It was one of the few good places I ate that I do miss about Arizona.  Everything else is pretty much forgotten.
Oh YAY, a yummy sammy in AZ!  Went here last week and got the Gobbler sandwich on wheat with chipotle coleslaw.  YUMMMMM.

The bread was perfectly toasty in a not-ripping-the-roof-of-my-mouth kind of way, and the inside of the sandwich was tasty, with perfect portions of each piece.  The coleslaw was tasty, and had just the right amount of dressing on it.

I feel like I MUST go to Dilly's each time I go to AZ now....
I've gone here twice in the 3 days since I moved to Tempe and am extremely grateful to have found this gem (thanks Yelp!).  I eat between 5-10 sandwiches a week and have no doubt that I will be getting several of those from Dilly's.

The first time I ordered a sandwich, I was a bit put off by the thickness of the bread;  I did not want the bread to overwhelm or disguise the flavor of the meats/cheeses/sauce.  However, the bread (foccacia) was actually quite soft and complemented the sandwich (the Smokey Mountain) quite well.  Nonetheless, I would warn that if you really are opposed to eating a relatively large amount of bread with your sandwich, you might prefer something else, or perhaps one of the wraps offered here (though I haven't tried any of those yet).

Also, it'd be nice if nutritional information were made available on the website.  One of the main reasons that 80% of my sandwich consumption has been at Subway/Cosi/Potbelly is that I know the nutritional content of what I'm eating.  

I hope to come here as many times as possible before the ASU onslaught begins in a few weeks...I hope the lines aren't out the door when classes start...although I suppose I will just eat lunch at 2 if that's the case.
dilly's has to be one of my favorite sandwich shops of all time. they have such a wide variety of choices that anyone who comes can pick something to suit their taste buds. 

i always go for the blazin buffalo because i eat wing sauce on nearly everything. boars head meats on all their sandwiches which is great but jacks the price up quit a bit. a sandwich, drink, and a side was about $10. i went with the pasta salad as a side, which was nothing special, your average run of the mill pasta salad. my sandwich on this particular visit was lacking a sufficient amount of buffalo sauce and i neglected to ask for extra before i left, assuming that they wouldn't be stingy with it. the bread is good, they toast it so it tends to get soggy if you take it to go. the bread bowls are good too, i've had the clam chowder and chicken noodle and i recommend both.

service here is usually quite slow. even when it's not busy in there, like today around 2, i had to wait 10 minutes to get my sandwich and even saw some guy who was two people behind me get his order before me. when it's busy, you're going to be waiting even longer. they need to pick up the pace.
It's a strange thing:  I first moved to Phoenix in 2004.  I moved to Southern California and then BACK to Phoenix in 2008.

While in Southern California, I was legitimately homesick for this place.  I missed how easily accessible everything was.  Phoenix may indeed be a spread-out city but that's nothing in comparison to So. Cal.  You can easily make it here without a car.  We have the light rail and a pretty decent bus system.  The Orbit in Tempe is free, for God's sake.

A lot of things made me miss the place.  One thing in particular, as strange as it sounds, was Dilly's Deli.  Before I moved away from Arizona, I had only eaten at Dilly's twice and both times it was an amazing experience.  I love that they put the sandwich on that thing that simultaneously grills and smooshes my sandwich into this toasty creation of genius.

The prices are more than I feel like paying most of the time, but every so often I get a ghostly smell of Dilly's all up in my nose... a nasal memory of something.  It's like my nose is zoning out and decides to remember how certain things smell.  Sometimes, Dilly's becomes so fresh in my mind and it weirds me out a little bit.

This place is perfect for dining under a lot of different circumstances.  It's great for days off where you slept in way too late, it's past 11:00 a.m. and you're starving.  You'll plug your gut up good.  It's good if you just hanging out, too.  I always liked the interior.  I always enjoyed just chilling and taking my time and eating there, waiting for 6:00 to roll around to hit up a movie or go to a show or something.

If you have a buddy coming in from out of town, Dilly's Deli would be a good choice to bring them to for lunch.
I have only had take-out while at work from here. I would never go there to eat. What is the deal with the giant bread? I can never order anything hot because it won't be when I get it. I kow a lot of people like it and maybe it is what they order and what I order, but I just have NEVER liked anything I have gotten from this place!
Now that I'm living in AZ full time, I need to hit Dilly's as often as I can. The sandwiches and wraps are still great! The Poore Bros chips are still fantastic. I'm a big fan of the BBQ Ranch flavor. I never stray from the goodness of these flavor of chips.

My favorites sandwiches are the humdinger, dilly club and then the mexi, southwest and chicken cesar wraps

You can't go wrong with any of the sandwich choices on the menu. The cookies are very tasty!

All sandwiches and wraps are $6.99 and come with your choice of a side and a pickle spear.

During the peak lunch hour, you wait in line a bit or struggle to find a table to sit.. Order usually come out within 5-10 minutes during peak time.
I had lunch here with a coworker. I ordered the Humdinger, really just because I wanted to say it. It was underwhelmingly average...Nothing really stood out for me. It was busy, the service was average and the thick bread sandwich was similar to Schlotzsky's.  I could go again or I could skip it. It was just okay for me, dog.
Dilly's Deli became part of my vocab when I was a sophomore at ASU, I was with my fellow SAA crew and one of the girls had me take a bite of her Mexi-wrap, and after that first mmmmmmm everything else is history. There are 4 sandwich items that I commonly order of the Dilly board and that is: Dilly Bird, the Dilly Club, the Southwestern Club and the Gobbler all can be paired with the YUMMIEST chicken noodle soup in a bread boule. I love the toasted bread, the hefty sandwiches, the meat used, and the overall taste. There are times I crave Dilly's and during those rare cold overcast days we get during winter in the valley, I head over at times to my closest Dilly's (in S. Chandler) or drive to the Dilly's by campus on University Dr. and have a chicken noodle soup *yum*... we Sun Devils are just plain lucky!
This is another one of my absolute favorite spots, I hit it up consistently at least once a week for lunch. My favs are the Dilly Club and their chicken noodle soup. Everything is super fresh, aside from the random slightly stale breadbowl (although if you get one that's super fresh, it's like heaven!) It can get a little hectic in there, especially during peak lunch times, but the service is usually pretty good, they've only messed up my order on two occassions and they corrected it promptly. If you haven't had a Dilly's experience yet, go with the half sandwich/small soup combo, the soups are phenomenal and they all go well with the sandiwches. I usually break down and get a cookie, too...the double chocolate or the M&M are both equally worth checking out.
I enjoy a good sandwich just like anybody else and Dilly's does a decent job.

While they use quality ingredients, their style of sandwich isn't really my favorite. I had the full sandwich portion and it is a generous helping, unfortunately, it's mostly bread. For me, the best kind of sandwich focuses on what's between the slices and serves up plenty of it.

The service was surprisingly efficient. There was a pretty big line of people when I walked in, but the staff managed the crowd very well and kept the line moving. I didn't have to wait long for my order either. They have a good system in place to get your order out in a reasonable amount of time.

I'll go back to Dilly's eventually, but it's not something I'll ever crave or go out of my way for. I want to give their soup a try; the bread bowls looked promising. If I'm in that area and craving soup, I'll stop in again.
MMMMMMMMMMDilly's!    I meet my son and his work crew here every Thursday for lunch. What a treat!  Chris goes for the enchilada soup, that's their soup of the day. The way it's served is awesome, in a huge bread bowl. What's not to love? I crave the 'Gobbler' sandwich, sliced turkey,with cranberry sauce, cream cheese and other goodies. MMMMMM, you also get a choice of side with it , and they are all good. Price is right for what you get, huge portions of fresh baked bread and fresh ingredients. Always a delicious meal!
This place is so good,  every soup is quality.  Make sure to go on Mondays for the French Onion
Let me start by saying this is a GENEROUS 3 stars. If we could half star, this would be a solid 2.5. I am a big fan of the sandwich, this much is true. However, the Dilly's Deli sandwich leaves much to be desired. Unless of course by sandwich, you mean two ginormous slices of bread with very little in between them, then this is the perfect sandwich for you!

I've been to Dilly's several dozen times since it's a whole mile and a half from my office, and I prefer the cheap and easy route more often than not during my lunch break. While Dilly's may be easy, cheap it is not. $8 for a half a sandwich and tiny ass cup of soup is just not cheap to me, maybe it is to you, but well, then you'd be wrong.

I was coming down with a cold earlier this week (pretty much the only time I'll go to Dilly's anymore due to their wide selection of soups) and decided to make the trip. Please note that I was only going for a big bowl of soup. I also decided to get the Mexi Wrap because I thought the jalapenos might help clear my sinuses a bit. MISTAKE!!!

By the time I got back to my office (under 5 minutes, swear to god,) my soup was luke warm at the very best, and my Mexi Wrap was pretty much a pound of sour cream wrapped in a tortilla. Obviously not what I was looking for, not to mention sick!

The only saving grace of this entire meal was the brownie I bought. That delicious brownie alone is what made me benevolent enough to round up rather than round down.

I will give them another shot after I've moved on from that fiasco of a lunch, however if I am served cold soup one more time I am gone for good, I don't care how close they are to my office.
Presentation was good, with a cute little mini bread bowl and the sandwiches looked stuffed. And I stress the word "looked." The bread had a nice soft consistency but the crust on the bread was HUGE. But the soup was a bit salty, one sandwich had cheese only down one side (so each half only had cheese under my left hand when I held it) and the other sandwich they forgot to put cheese on altogether. The Humdinger is supposed to be topped with "chipotle" coleslaw but all I could taste in that slaw was the pepper from the pastrami. It was kind of pricey, too. I'm not so much into paying $18 for heartburn and some farts. Next time, I'll go to Bison Witch.
Over the last 5 years or so, I've eaten lunch at Dilly's Deli a couple dozen times. The location is excellent, as it is near my office, and the interior dcor is clean, modest, and charming. The music seems to vary, but on today's trip, it appeared to be a mix of oldies and jazzy easy listening. While I've never had to wait for a table to clear, seating can be limited during lunch hours. The service is friendly and quick and the menu offerings plentiful and interesting. Vegetarians will find a handful of options here, though it is likely you can request to omit meat from any sandwich or salad. 

Carrying Boar's Head ingredients is a plus, however the way their sandwiches are assembled and the ratio of ingredients used simply doesn't work for me. Oftentimes, I find my sandwich has a bulge of deli meat in the center and much less (and sometimes none at all) toward the outer parts nearing the crust. It has been my experience that the wraps are not treated this way, though the only wrap I've tried (Mexi) lacked flavor and tasted processed. 

I've eaten one salad at Dilly's - the Greek - and, while it is tasty, I discovered a dead fly in it halfway through and haven't ordered a salad there since. 

As other reviewers have reported, the soups aren't as piping hot as I'd like, though the variety and additional "daily soup" is appreciated. 

The bread is deliciously soft, warm, flavorful, and large - ideal for accompanying a soup or salad. If you're accustomed to filling up on a sandwich made with normal-sized slices, I suggest ordering a half sandwich so you can sample a side of soup, salad, or dessert as well. All sandwiches are served with a pickle spear.

The cookies and brownies get 4 stars on their own.

Today I gave Dilly's another shot and ordered a new menu item, the Red Bird, on wheat. Personally, I'm not a fan. The Blazin' Buffalo, Dilly Bird, and Smokey Mountain boast far better flavor combinations, IMO. Also, my pickle spear had a hair on it.

Dilly's is a bit pricier than its nearby competition (All whole sandwiches are $6.99), though a reasonable price if shared.

Overall, this is a higher quality sandwich shop than Subway, Blimpie, and the like. Unfortunately, the fly and hair experiences combined with the bread/meat ratio issue guarantee I will not return.
Love love love this place. I dream of it and would frequent it when I lived in AZ. The soup in a bread bowl and sandwiches are to die for. In my opinion this is the best deli in Arizona. I want to go there right now just thinking about it.
Man, what a sandwich. I called in my order (for the Dilly Club - no tomato) and it was ready when I picked it up. In addition to my sandwich I ordered a couple of their Valentine's Day sugar cookies because a portion of the proceeds when to the Phoenix Children's Hospital - which made me feel good :}

the sandwich was flavorful and VERY filling, the cookies were awesome - though I got kinda sick after eating one because they were huge! and very rich.
It pains me to say that DD no longer has The Gobbler :-[

I don't know if/when I'll be back....
I've always been a fan of the Dilly Bird sandwich and their soup bread bowls!!! The location is easy to access, there's ample parking, and the lunchtime rush isn't too bad. This is a bread heavy place so if you're scared of carbs you probably don't want to go here... but their sandwiches are pretty good. I definitely missed this place when I wasn't in Arizona.
It's the perfect little soup and sandwich spot.  Dilly's has a few locations around the valley and all of them are wonderful.

The Hot Sandwiches are huge and filling, and they come with a classic side (potato salad, pasta salad, coleslaw, etc) and a pickle. Dilly's also changes up their menu a little bit every now and then. While it's a shame to see some of my favorites go, it's great that I can walk in and try something new.

Their soups are also phenomenal and come in a bread bowl. I recommend asking them to mix the potato soup with the cheese soup... Amazing! The salads are weak, but unless you're ordering one in a combo, it's not really what anyone is there for.
One of three great Dilly's locations locally. I love the ability to get either a big, fat, honkin', juicy pastrami sammich, or something light and healthy. Both taste great, and it means Dilly's is a great spot for a group with a wide range of lunch tastes.
Get your toasted sub here instead of dealing with the potheads at the Cheba.  They taste better and there is actually room to sit.
For many years, Dilly's was my saving grace for a lunchtime option when I worked in Tempe. Although I could never escape the smell of fresh bread for the rest of the day, the quality of sandwich was worth the smell. 

Dilly's is a great deli if you need to get in and out in a timely manner while still being able to enjoy a decent meal along the way. Whether it's their salads or sandwiches, I am a fan of whatever they serve. Don't get me started on the sugar cookies. Those little bits of baking delight probably cost me a pound or two, but it was worth every bite. Any deli that serves fresh avocado gets a star in my book and not only does Dilly's serve it, they pile it on. The bread is always fresh (hence the smell) and the sandwiches are served with just the right amount of warmth to them. 

If you visit, here are my top choices:

- If you like cream cheese and avocado, go with the Dilly Bird 
- Veggie supreme but add turkey
- Honey Do if you are a fan of honey mustard 
- Greek Wrap 
- Clam Chowder 


Enjoy!
We grabbed some dinner here last night before catching a show at Gammage. 

We were the ONLY people in this place, yet the staff acted like they were slammed, very short with us and it took quite some time for our order to come out.

The food was good, though the bread bowls that the soup came in tasted like they were a few days old, very dry and crumbly vs the normal super fresh tasting bread bowls you get here.
I've gone here twice now and I can say this place is pretty awesome for a quick sandwich, especially compared to those chains like Subway that can get extremely old after awhile. Dilly's is reasonably priced and has fresh bread as well as Boar's Head brand meats which are always bomb!
The only minor complaint I have with this place is that it feels kinda like a subway inside. Other than that it's top notch. Very simple yet creative sandwich recipes and the prices aren't bad either. The Dilly Bird sandwich is awesome. It's Turkey, cream cheese, avocado and Mayo. Delicious. :)
Better than a Jimmy Johns and Jersey Mikes and Subway. They offer a good selection of sandwiches and breads. I had the Humdinger (Pastrami, pepper jack cheese, chipotle slaw) which is pricer ($7.49) but its a hearty sandwich including a side. Normally I consume a foot long at Subway but I only finished half my sandwich here.

Born and raised in the SF, the city of the best crusty hearty sour dough bread, I have never seen a white loaf bread bowl. The bread bowl had no chance of holding up to the soup nor is it pleasant to eat afterwards. It absorbs the liquid and becomes completely soggy.
A delightful sandwich shop. Breads and bread bowls are made in house. All soups are served with a bread bowl. Their potato soup is, how you say...da-bomb! Side salads are good too. They have a wide selection of sides you can choose to accompany your sandwich. You also get a nice crunchy pickle with a hint of garlic, very tasty! I like all of their sandwiches! When I ate meat, my fav was the Southwestern Club: pepper turkey, bacon, pepper jack, avocado, red onion, and their delicious raspberry honey mustard. Their wraps are good too! Now I get the veggie supreme: cream cheese, swiss cheese, tomato, cucumber, sprouts, lettuce, mushrooms, and instead of ranch I usually get one of the honey mustards. Beware! If you eat inside you will smell heavily of bread! No joke, no way around it. No matter who you are, you are not safe from the bread smell. You will smell bad when you leave. Can't smell it? We can! Haha and it smells like bread BO. Best advice, order quickly, sit outside, and drive back home or to work with your car windows down. We at the office know to do this as well as turn our desk fans on and spray extra perfume. Haha. You don't smell good. You smell gross. The food is great though!
I bought a groupon and Im glad I did! The food was excellent and the tea was very refreshing. I will go back for sure!!
Huge sandwiches and awesome bread bowls. I love the lobster bisque on Fridays in a bread bowl. Good selection of breads if you dont like the one recommended for the sandwich. For me bread makes or breaks a sandwich and theirs are money.
Sandwiches are my favorite food by far, I guess I'm just a lame ass like that, and Dilly's makes a damn good sandwich. My favorite is the Dilly Bird on white. The bread is fresh baked (because like others have said you leave the place smelling like bread), it comes with turkey, avocado, sprouts and cream cheese. It's about 9 bucks for a drink, whole sandwich (which is HUGE), and a side. I've only tried the chipotle slaw, it's just basic coleslaw with a shit ton of hot sauce or something to make it turn red and spicy.
Delicious sandwiches and soups.  I'm surprised that this place is priced about the same as Subway and Silvermines yet their food is way better.  Interior is a bit boring but hey who cares about that when you have good food!  

*If you join lunch club from my ticket, you get 20% off your lunch bill here
What can I say? Dilly's Deli is a classic in the Tempe area. Awesome place to get a delicious sandwich for a descent price and be able to get in and out fairly quickly.

I personally like the gobbler. Great taste of Thanksgiving without the "I ate WAY too much" feeling.
This was my first time at Dilly's Deli - at the suggestion of a friend.  I can't say that the name would have drawn me in.

My wife's wrap was good and a good portion.  My half a sandwich, however, was long on bread and short on meat.  The flavor was excellent, but there just wasn't much there.

We may give Dilly's another chance.  Like I said, the quality was good and tasty, the proportion of bread to meat was just a little smaller than expected.
Great place in Phoenix for a good deli sandwich. Bread is hearty and the selection of sandwiches offers delicious dressings and fixings. Sandwiches are large and can be split when the hunger isn't as strong. I haven't tried the soup bowls, but my gal swears by them. 

Southwest Club is my fav! Give it a try.
This is another time I long for half stars. I think Dilly's is better than a three but don't think it quite hits four... such is life. I've most likely had ninety five percent of the menu through the years and have rarely come across something I didn't enjoy. I love the Italian and the Gobbler and Kristen is a freak about their chicken noodle soup. My only true complaints are the interior, often cold and mighty boring, and the staff is hit and miss, most often warm and friendly, but sometimes I catch a big jerk. Three and three quarter stars. I like Dilly's.
I love this sandwich shop. I like the Yahoo, Southwestern Wrap, most any soup in a bread bowl: Cream of Potato or Wisconsin Cheese. MMmmm! I usually go when I have a coupon. Sometimes they run out of the soup of the day :(  But I'm going to add Dilly's to my to-do list!
My favorite sandwich place in Tempe! Everything is fresh, this is always a treat to go to Dilly's. The Dilly Club & Chicken Noodle Soup are amazing!
Dear Club Sandwich with a side of clam chowder in a bread bowl,

It's been 5 years since I've left you for chicken katsu plate lunches and shaved ice. Since then, I've been living in a place some people call Hawaii.  From time to time I'd randomly come across a socially awkward looking sandwich at subway, or adventurous and energetic clams in a restaurant and it never fails to stir up some old emotions we once shared with each other.  After you, everything came in second place.  You were the best I've ever had.  I sometimes wish I never left you, but you and I know it was for the best.  You were getting the best of me...and I have the love handles to prove it.  I hope one day our paths cross again where I can once again hold you, hug you, eat you, love you.  But until then, I'll keep searching for your replacement.  

Your #1 dude in the middle of the Pacific Ocean,
Justin
You pretty much can't go wrong with anything on the menu here.  Their line-up is chock-full of sandwiches, wraps, salads, soups, etc.  They also have a ton of halfer options (ie. half sandwich half soup, half salad half soup, etc. - I'm a total sucker for halfies!) Quicktip though, avoid hitting this place at lunch during the weekdays, it's an absolute madhouse.
Love it!  Great food.  My friend picks up a meal for me sometimes because it is very far from me.  I get the one with bacon and avocado, I forget the name of it.
i ordered the reuben sandwich on rye.  it was a great sandwich.  i also ordered some chips and a fountain drink with a side of potato salad.  all the food tasted great!

i went here for lunch and the parking lot was madness.  the line to even place your order was crazy.  bring some patience because it's worth the wait!
Delicious as always. Don't get delivery unless you have no other option- just go pick it up, they get super busy at lunch. If you ask for no onions you are probably still getting onions. They have awesome soups, but they tend to run out of the best ones after lunch. One of my favorite places to go for sandwiches in Tempe! (They have other locations, too!)
I love Dilly's Deli.I usually order the broccoli and cheddar soup bread bowl, while my husband prefers the sandwiches. The staff is always friendly when we go there for lunch.
Meh!! This is a typical AZ hyped up joint. I have eaten here twice. Both times have left much to desire. First off the bread was toooo freakin thick. The meats are not very high quality in flavor or texture. I just don't get why people think it's sooo good. I have some good sandwiches in my life from some of the most famous in NY and LA to San diego and SF. This place sucks in comparison to most. Not my kind of place. Hell Miracle mile is 10 times better than this place and I don't really prefer that either but I would go there over this Silly dilly place!
Place was ok it was a mediocre sandwich with no veggies other than onion I had the southwest club, and a bread bowl of clam chowder which was pretty decent would I go back? probably not
Extremely tasty!  There seems to be a lack of real deli's here in Tempe, but this is a real one!  Definitely recommend giving them a try.
I've passed by Dilly's a hundred times in the two years I lived in Tempe and never stopped in. I passed by it again today while in Tempe, and in the perfect storm, decided to stop in and grab some lunch to go. I ordered the Yahoo on Foccacia (Hot sandwich with roast beef, mushrooms and cheese), potato salad and had a raspberry iced tea. All I can really say is holy sh*t. Turns out there was rosemary in the sandwich and it was the perfect addition. Seriously, get this sandwich. Delicious. The potato salad was a little sweet but it was good. The pickle had incredible flavor. Really good sandwich.
The best sandwich shop in AZ hands down!

It's all in the bread. Since they make their own bread on-site, it makes your sandwich tasting experience so much better. The aroma and that first bite into your sandwich cannot be put simply. You will need to check a thesaurus to come up with better adjectives to express your experience here.

The italian focaccia and wheat bread are the best, especially the focaccia. I stand by the staple Dilly Club. They don't short you on meat.

Other greats are the Blazing Buffalo, Dilly Bird and the Vegetarian Special. 

All terrific and delicious. 

This is the kind of place that will have you coming back the same week.
They were fast, friendly, and Delicious! Which is my ideal place for a sand which shop. The Reuben I got was so good! I also liked that they offer fruit for only 50 cent more!
Love their sandwiches... very well done and bread is very flavorful. We liked both veg and non-veg ones. 
We also bought some bread home.
It was pretty cool that when you order soup to go, they still include the bread bowl in the to go bag. Nice touch. The creamy chicken noodle soup was full of big chunks of chicken and nice size noodles. My combo soup and wrap came to almost 10 bucks, but the wrap wasn't too great. It was the greek wrap with veggies and feta, but somebody poured almost an entire 1/2 bottle of dressing inside of the wrap, making it a sloppy Italian dressing mess. It might have gotten bumped up another star had I asked for dressing on the side, but there was hardly any feta in the wrap which consisted mostly of tomatoes and black olives. Probably a poor choice on my end, but the dressing overlaod was a real downer anyway. Will go back for more soup.
Great wraps and sandwiches. Some very good vegetarian options too. My favorites are the Veggie Supreme and the Greek Wrap. Check to ASU Student handbooks for coupons!

Be aware that they don't stay open too late though.
This place is over priced and the sandwiches are not that great. I paid extra for avocado and seriously got one sliver on each side of my sandwich, total rip off. Don't waste your time subways better than this place.
Incredibly tasty sandwiches, a little pricey, but oh so yummy. I had the Yahoo (Roast Beef), and they used the perfect, tender meat to pair with gooey swiss cheese, mushrooms and onions. This is a perfect sandwich that hits the spot when you want a hot sandwich! Place is clean and staff is pretty friendly. Drop by or else you're missing out on a lot.
PROS AND CONS...

Soup in bread bowls are hard to find in AZ! And theirs are pretty tasty!

However, the chicken salad sandwich I just ordered 10 mins ago which has prompted me to write this review was absolutely DISGUSTING. It tasted like a sour cream and dill weed dip on bread that had way too much butter on it? I took two bites and threw it away. Bummer deal, never again.

I normally get the dilly bird or the bbq chicken (Which are great!), so I guess I will stick with those.
Yummy soups and sandwiches. Almost reminds me of a Panera Bread (For those of you from the East coast). Came here for lunch one day and the food was ready quickly. Very pleased with everything. I would definitely go here again.
Went today to pick up a to-go order and was very disappointed.  

We ordered two salads and a sandwich with slaw.  While they mastered putting the tuna salad on the side of one salad, the dressing we ordered was missing.  Neither salad came with a side of bread.   

The sandwich was very large and good, however the slaw tasted a little "funky"  almost rancid.  


Also, to-go salads should come with forks...... just saying...
Just one of those places you can get something quick and is way better than a fast food joint.
Stumbled into Dilly's Deli after a friend of mine was craving Roast Beef so I looked up delis on Yelp and this one was the closest with pretty good reviews.
I wasnt very hungry but I thought I would get something that I could nibble on and pick at throughout the day...
I got the Dilly's Club on wheat and it was really good
The bread tasted really fresh and the meat was great
The bacon was crisp
Oh, I happened to get the half sandwich, half soup so I chose the potato soup
and it too was yummy
It came with a big roll that was actually the bread bowl
I didnt use it as a bowl :) but it was yumzo!
The prices were pretty fair for a sandwich shop
I will return to D.D. and explore the menu
4 Stars because it was my first visit, first sanny, and first soup
Stay tuned...
Good selection of sandwiches & salads. I really like the thick hearty bread, but it's probably not the healthiest thing in the world (especially when it's thoroughly buttered). I really like the Sedona Salad - fresh spinach (really fresh), cranberries, deliciously spiced nuts, and tons of feta cheese. Again, I'm not sure how healthy this salad is with all the cheese and buttered bread, but it is a damn fine filling lunch.
Dilly's in one of the many places I was stoked to go to after moving back to the Valley. When I saw that on Saturday and Sunday kids eat free, I knew we had to go.

I remember when this location opened and it is exactly.the.same. I used to come over here to get lunch on my lunch break from Tower Records. It was like stepping into a time machine and my go-to sandwich (the Gobbler) was EXACTLY the same. I'm pretty bummed that I didn't get the Wisconsin Cheese soup. Next time.

The guy working the register wasn't all that friendly. Fairly curt, actually. The seating area was a mess, looks like the tables hadn't been cleaned in awhile. It was getting dark outside and just as equally dark inside. Maybe there were some lights that needed to be replaced? 

The experience was just ok...I started by giving the place 3 stars but added another because my food was pretty good. Exactly what I had wanted and my husband was happy with his as well (Humdinger). The kids grilled cheese was pretty gross, but to be fair, I took a bite when it was cold.
This place is fresh, delish and quick. Both times I have gone I called my order in and it's waiting for me when I get there! At work if one of us gets dilly's the rest will follow all day
I heard that they don't use Boars Head meat anymore. I tried their Dilly Bird sandwich and it was okay, but the soup was great! The guy recommended a mix of the cream of potato and Wisconsin cheese. It was excellent! The soup come with a bread bowl that is delicious! They bake their bread fresh in the morning. I didn't use it as a bowl, but ate it on the side. It was so good that I had to wrap it up to nibble on later. I pride myself as a pretty good bread maker and I think this bread is excellent.
In summary, I highly recommend you stop in and try a large cream of potato and Wisconsin  cheese mix. Soup is a nice change of pace.
I was tired of burger and fries so I agreed to try Dillys, wow!  I did half of a roast beef sandwich and the cheese soup, I am hooked.  

A nice value for some very tasty food, and bread bowl is a nice touch too.

I like it and think you will as well.
I am not a big sandwhich person at all.
I need to start by saying that.
But... I really am glad I stumbled accidentally upon this gem.
Soup and half sandwhich for $7 is a good deal made even better if the soup can be in a bread bowl!   How to resist?  I didn't.  I got the pumpernickle and swiss and ham combo that i have revered as a child with a soup made of creamy chicken broth.
Why is lunchtime so short?!
Great bread bowls. The wraps were awesome too. This is the only place in the valley that I know of that sells bread bowls.
The half sandwich and soup bread bowl is plenty for a grown man. You can sub the bread bowl for chips i think but the bread bowls are awesome. Fresh and filed with a soup of your choice. The place can get busy for lunch so get there early. Parking can be a pain at the University location if its busy as well. I've never had a bad thing on their menu, everything is amazing, they have a variety of breads for your sandwich and can custom make it if you wanted to leave off something. Seating for large groups is possible just need to get there early, they have tables that can be put together but like i said i've gone alone sometimes w absolutely no place to sit. They have outdoors but only good in the cooler months.
Been there just once & found it satisfactory.
I specifically liked the soup-in-bread-bowl idea a lot. The sandwiches were good too.
Located across from Oreganos, this little made-to-order sandwich place was packed when I came in for an early lunch.  Dilly's reminded me of a very pared down Panera (for those east coast folk) with its sandwich/soup/salad combos.  I chose the turkey sandwich ("Gobbler") and decided against the soup (the weather was too hot).  My sandwich was really good!  Toasted bread, lots of turkey with cranberries and lettuce and tomatoes....hit the spot.  My sugar cookie was also good; light and crispy topped with a sweet pink icing.  (In addition to sugar cookies, Dilly's offered chocolate chip cookies and brownies).

The menu is small but I think that works in Dilly's favor, especially when the queue is long.  Soups come in bread bowls (eat-in option).  Seating is ample during non-rush times.  Prices are reasonable and the people are nice.  Don't dilly dally on your way to this deli!  ;)
The day we tried this place, I was totally not in the mood for sandwiches. This place definitely changed my mind! Tried the Dilly Bird with a half salad, and it was ah-may-zing. Don't hesitate if you're into good sandwiches. The bread was fresh and artisan, and the sandwich was the "can't talk while eating because it's so fabulous" type. :)
One of the better sandwiches in Tempe. I've tried a good amount of their menu and loved everything I tasted. They have a promotion after ASU game days where they give you a discount based on how many points the Sun Devils score (they had 54 on Colorado last night so it's 54% off today). Can't beat that!
Great customer service ....staff was very understanding after I explained that two other ppl and I thought the chipotle slaw tasted old...smokehouse monthly special was really good...will definitely go back
Went here for a quick lunch on my way out of town. They have decent and mildly creative sandwiches.....don't bother if you love crazy flavors or variety. More for a bland palate. 
At lunch Dilly's was semi crowded with business people but the line moved fast. I had the monthly special "The Smokestack" (December)  with roast beef and turkey. I also got a bread bowl of cream of potato soup. I wasn't able to finish half a sandwich and a bread bowl of soup  (for $8 total). It was a very good amount of food for the money, made fresh. 

The bread for the bread bowl is white bread, so don't go getting all sourdough amped up. Overall satisfying, but unremarkable. It's convenient, fast and pretty good quality. A nice little deli with average service is a fine addition to the main road.
As far as sandwich places go, this place definitely knows what they are doing! Dilly Bird is so delicious! The turkey is fresh, the focaccia bread is bomb and I love a sandwich that has sprouts (it's an underrated veggie.)

Recommendation: 
- Dilly Bird *I normally minus the cream cheese and add cucumber on my sandwich.* 
- Gobbler *minus the cream cheese on this one too....i just don't care for it on my sandwiches.*
- Potato salad (yum!)

Service is fast & friendly and they do have delivery if you are in there "delivery zone."

FYI: Their sandwich portions are large so if you are not starving try their classic combo which is a 1/2 classic sandwich with soup or salad.
Great lunch stop in Tempe.  Huge sandwiches with flavorful ingredients and a variety of side choices.  This place evens has multigrain bread options.  I have had two different turkey variety sandwiches and both were bursting with flavor.  Service is quick,.  My sandwich was so stacked that I couldn't eat my chipotle coleslaw side.  That's saved for later.  Dolly's is a great big sandwich chain alternative at a competitive price.  Stop here, it's nice.
Dilly's Deli is a frequent stop for us when we're close to ASU. The Dilly Club is a great sandwich especially when you add avocado. You can choose from a bunch of different breads and they also have wraps and salads. The soups set Dilly's apart from other sandwich shops. I prefer the Wisconsin Cheese while the wife loves her Cream of Broccoli. Friendly staff and it's very clean.
Coming in a I was a little hesitant. I ordered the southwest club with a side of cheesy soup. The sandwich was so perfect, the sweetness of their raspberry honey mustard sauce contrasted well with the paperback and the avocado. I will be definitely coming back here. Maybe try the dilly bird with the tomato bisque. Long live the sammich!!!
The soup and sandwiches were simple, but executed extremely well and delicious. The bread bowls were extremely filling as well and the half combo looked like a full sized sandwich to me. It's a great dinner for when you are very hungry and want something easy, but still great.
I should not have went back for more soup like I wrote two years ago. Luckily, the prices haven't risen and I only wasted four bucks on one of the nastiest bowls of soup in the history of the soup. They have fatty, dark chunks of pre-cut chicken floating around in a tasteless creamy kind of liquid. This is not made in-house obviously and based on my last visit, I thought it might have been. This place is a college dump, avoid unless you like eating bread bowls for lunch.
I dont hate this place but it's certainly not worth going to twice. I went here because i was very hungry and too lazy to make anything at home. 

I came here with my boyfriend and had the humdinger (pastrami sandwich) and cream of broccoli soup in their bread bowl. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich and caesar salad. The whole experience was blah. My sandwich was bland and though i appreciate the bread bowl my soup came in, both the bread and the soup were blah. I did enjoy the buffalo chicken sandwich though so if you chose to come here I recommend this.
Very good deli. Fresh ingredients and good sandwiches. I would recommend the Dilly Bird, Smokey Mountain and the South West Club.
Nothing about the Italian sandwich is Italian. It was gross. I've never not finished an Italian sandwich until today. The Wisconsin Cheese soup tastes like Velveeta. My water was my favorite part of the meal.
Years ago (mid-90's) when I worked on Mill Ave., I used to eat here weekly. Now I live and work in Central Phoenix, but still try to grab lunch here every month or so. The food is just as good now as it was back in the day - and I don't think the menu has changed much either, and it hasn't needed to.

You really can't go wrong with any of the salads offered on any given day - they're always freshly made and tasty. Choose what looks and sounds best to you, there's always a nice variety. But if you're a fan of chicken salad, I challenge you to find one better - perfectly creamy with nice pieces of shredded white-meat chicken and fresh, juicy grapes. Tamales and soups are pretty good, too, though not usually my thing here.

I also highly recommend the homemade honey lemonade - it's completely addictive. Just the right mix of honey sweetness and sour lemon. Get a big one and take it to go, you'll thank me I promise ;-}
I used to love you.. Remember when I use to come visit every week and you would give me delicious tamales and huge heaping salads.. You were wonderful.. Why did you change? We had such a good thing going, we've been together 9 years!.. How could you have done this to me?
Your recipes have changed with the new owner and I think the tamale sauce is from a can.. The last three times I've been in you were out of 2 salads (not good when you only serve 6 different kinds).. What has happened to you? I can't get over your dishonesty and lack of care for my taste buds. This is so depressing.. I'll never find anyone as good as you..used to be..
Every week or so I get a mad craving for chicken salad on greens with their crab curry pasta.  The chicken salad is decent and perfectly balanced with the right mix of mayo, shredded chicken, and sliced grapes.  

The crab curry pasta is delicious and addictive, but could seriously use some crab. While In Season Deli is a solid staple in my lunchtime diet - the past few times I have noticed the dwindling amount of crab in the pasta.  My lunch buddy Joe and I were debating the better name to describe this dish -- curry pasta with crab extract or curry pasta with essence of crab?  You decide for yourself. 

The woman behind the counter (who I think is the owner) is always friendly, chatty and personable - which is always and added bonus.  Pay at the counter, grab a seat outside, eat your lunch on the patio and enjoy the tranquil and quiet brick courtyard - added bonus number two.

Four stars - possibly five if they get the crab situation in order.  Ok, that just sounded gross.
How the mighty have fallen...
This used to be one of my favorite places on Mill. If I'd yelped them last year they would have been 5 stars, no doubt. I ate here weekly for years, sometimes twice a week. A vegetarian haven, it was. But then... something happened. The food just tanked. New owner, I heard - but I don't know the details. Anyway, after a few bad experiences I stopped going altogether. Until a friend convinced me it might have just been growing pains and they deserved another shot. We all deserve second chances, right? Right. So I went back. Summer bows (used to be my favorite) were slimy, the tamales were dry, tamale sauce tasted like paste... And the portions weren't nearly what they used to be. So sad. How I miss the good old days.
I am ecstatic to report that In Season Deli has reclaimed its former glory.. 

Keep in mind, I don't know the whole story here, but apparently the previous owner, Lydia, purchased the deli back and had her Grand Re-Opening last week. Stopped by for lunch today, and man, was it delicious, just like the good old days. The tamales were so tender, the side portions were huge, I can't wait to go back, and I will - this used to be a weekly trip for me and it will be again. Welcome back, Lydia! How we missed you!
I was so disappointed after reading that this place had gone downhill since I left Tempe last year when a new owner came in

But since it was one of my favorite lunch places when I was at ASU, I decided I had to go back.  I was so happy to see that on the white board, it said "Lydia is back!"  Yay!  

I got the combo of four with Indonesian rice, saffron rice, penne with feta & dill, and rice pudding.  They have the huge servings of salads and rices just like I remember.  And of course, they were all just as delicious as I remember when I was a student.
I love love love this place!  I go there everytime a visit  to AZ.  I wish there was one in my town.  It's the best vegetarian deli I know.  One of my favorite dishes are the tamales!  The portions are a nice size and Always delish!  Yolanda and Lydia are great they are always helpful and take good care of me and my family.  It's tucked in a nice little corner, there's outside shaded seating only but my kids like it like that.  We get to people watch and enjoy a great lunch!
I work on Mill Ave. and usually get a craving to go here for lunch once a week. It's fast, convenient, fresh, delicious and well priced. 

The set-up is just a small indoor deli case where you order and pay. Most people take their food to go, but there is a small outdoor patio where you can eat there. The deli case is stocked with various salads: greens, chicken/tuna and pasta. They also serve soup and tamales. And you can order the chicken/tuna salads on a sandwich. 

You can basically order anything you want from the case in single or combo orders. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Prices fall in the $5-8 range, depending on the size/type of order but they aren't shy to scoop huge portions onto your plate. 

Some of my favorites are the chicken and tuna salads, pasta w/ feta and dill and Greek salad. Yum!
So this vegan walks into a deli....

Normally this is a punch line. Vegans don't WALK into DELIS, b/c there ain't shit to eat!

As a lactose-intolerant vegetarian (me heartz eggz), most lunch places are a bust. After a grueling bike ride up and down a very windy green path, Rikki (the wise vegan who referred me to Simply Bread) recommended this cute spot. I was skeptical, but she promised vegan enchiladas, so I was game.

It is an adorable patio, a secret garden of commerce off of Mill, and the place was completely different than I thought it would be-there isn't row of cheese and meat on the shelves, but giant bowls of amazing grains and greens that rival Whole Foods in appeal. I was overwhelmed for a moment since I was told the soup was vegan as well. Well, then. I opted for the Indonesian rice with a greens salad w/sprouts and cilantro vinaigrette and lentil soup, Rikki got the same plate but a side of extremely garlic hummus w/whole wheat pita.

It was a heaping plate of food on a tray and I couldn't help but reach for the oatmeal cookie (what else are 20 mile bike rides for?), it wasn't vegan but small enough. They had blue sky and hansen soda flavors, but I was a good girl and stuck to the water bottle I had.

HOLY SHIT.

This food is amazing. Seriously. I really should have only eaten half the plate, but I cleaned EVERYTHING up. I actually shut up. If you are sitting with me and I am quiet at the table, then you know I am very very happy. The rice was fluffy, flavorful, the salad incredibly fresh, the lentil great with the spices of cumin and hot sauce I added to (they have a lazy susan of spices inside!)

Sitting on a patio makes a huge difference, I wanted disney birds to comb my hair with seashell combs I was so blissed out. My tray was under $9 and for portions, a great deal. I was able to use the plaza toilet and the guy working was super nice, answered all my questions re: ingredients and offered more water for my bottle. 

Only complaints are no vegan desserts and  all the packaging like styrofoam plates, plastic utensils, paper napkins. I know this is normal deli stuff, but compost-able material would make me happier since they seem earth friendly. Maybe I will just bring my own utensils/plates
.......god, I sound like a dirty hippy.

I don't know who Lydia, the owner according to other reviewers is, but I just may make her my valentine, b/c I actually have a place to have lunch near by! 

They change their menu all the time and open 11-4 M-F, fyi.

Enjoy...and you better leave me some Indonesian Rice or I will spork stab you.
Nice, tucked away location that reminded me of my hometown in Ohio. I didn't know exactly how it worked, but a guy at the restaurant explained it to me. I went with the potato soup of the day and the curry crab pasta. I loved both! The pasta was creamy with a nice hint of curry. The portion they gave me was huge and I barely finished it, but seeing the sign above the complimentary chips and salsa asking not to waste, I felt compelled to finish it off...I also ordered the strawberry honey lemonade - incredible! I stumbled onto this place by accident, but I will be back.
I work on Mill Ave. and enjoy a lunch at the In Season Deli at least once a week.  I enjoy their greens salad with sprouts and a healthy heaping spoonful of chicken salad on top.  I can't say that I've ever had a better chicken salad.  The grapes give it a sweetness and there is also a nuttiness to it that I can't quite place.  I also enjoy the rice pilaf and curry rice there on occasion. 

As the temperature heats up in the valley, the In Season Deli is a nice light deterrent from some of the other the very heavy greasy food choices on mill.

The chips, which are free by the way, aren't particularly amazing, but the salsa that comes with them is!

The staff is super friendly and I enjoy eating there.
The food here is just okay. Most of the dressings for the pasta salads are mayo-based and applied liberally.  Not everything is made fresh daily, as advertised, and even if it is it's still cheap, store bought pasta.  It's a little expensive for what it is, especially considering this place has such a low overhead.  And $1 for a can of soda?  Hansen's is good, but, please.  It used to be better, and it was always pleasant going in there, but ownership has since changed.  It's really too bad, because I think the location, though tucked away in a courtyard, has the potential to be a destination spot.
My FAVORITE local place. Its Mill Avenues best kept secret! I love that they do different salads everyday, and everything I have had is great, Greek pasta salad and chicken salad are my favorites. They give you great portions (enough for 2 meals) for a very affordable price. Her salsa (which is free w/chips) is really good too! I am at loss for words to tell you how yummy it really is, try it for yourself, you wont be disappointed. 
P.S. Your supporting a locally owned and operated business when you do... =)
Need a 1/2 star button. 3-1/2 stars here. Tried tamale chx salad and raspberry tea. The chx salad was good (grapes, celery, green onion, almonds) sliced so thin makes not one thing overpowering..tamale was not bad not dry somewhat flavorful...they were out of strawberry honey tea, settled for raspberry-typical... Meal was only $8, not bad..probably won't be back except to try this strawberry-honey tea ppl are yelling about..very friendly and fast
I think this is the first time it's happened, but Yelpers you really failed me on this one. I went out of my way to try this place based on the reviews and what a huge disappointment! First off, they didn't have roast beef (it does say deli out front right?!), and then I end up getting a turkey sandwich that I could have made at home. Actually mine would've been better, this sandwich had what seemed like a very poor quality lunchmeat.  The sandwich was $7. Are you kidding me?! I thought the honey strawberry lemonade would make up for it but it was so sweet that I thought I was drinking straight honey, And I love sugary drinks, so that's saying a lot. The free chips and salsa are probably from Costco. I shall not be returning for overpriced simple food I can make at home.
The soups are all vegan, but occasionally lack salt and are under-seasoned. Unfortunately, I have yet to find a side that is amazing. I highly recommend the chicken salad on a spinach wrap.
Amazing food!! The chicken salad and strawberry lemonade were particularly wonderful! The portions are fairly large and the staff is super accommodating. As an extra bonus they have free chips and homemade salsa which is delicious! 
There is free one hour public parking under the condos behind this restaurant on 5th and Maple:)
In Season is one of my favorite places on Mill Ave. Friendly people, good food and prices. What more can you ask for.
The Yelp reviews led me here. I loved the independent feel of the small restaurant and the food looked fresh. Having no idea what to order, I saw the guy in front of me get a chicken salad sandwich and it looked good. I took his cue and got the same thing with a side of pasta salad.

The food was really good. Lots of flavor. It was a bit heavy on the sprouts for me. The portions are huge. But what really made the meal was the raspberry iced tea. It's unsweetened and very fruity. That alone was worth the $11 tab. 

This place is a must stop for lunch if you are near Mill Street.
Not so impressed.  I've known this place existed, other veg's have recommended it. It was where I wandered off to after my first attempt to start my day in disaster.  
Cute atmosphere I felt I wandered into a homey kitchen.  But that was it; nothing more after that but disappointment.

Here is my list of issues:

As a Sustainability student all the styrofoam sucked - homey kitchen and with 3 employees; nobody can think  the experience would be made uber chic with mix and match shabby chic thrift store found dinner ware?

Sustainability point #2... Localavore It Ladies! & than advertise it loudly & proudly.

Sustainability point #3... All the beverages in milk gallons, lined up like a fleet, in an ice bath on the counter was not so pretty either.  

Really in a place so homespun breakfast ends?  I asked about the breakfast rolls -- sounded interesting but it was not allowed as it was 10:30 & breakfast ended at 10.  HOWEVER, moments later granny's "2 girls" flooded into the kitchen - other employees? - and granny offered them the left over soyrizo that was explained to me was an ingredient in the breakfast I could not have.  

After looking in the window and seeing all the unhealthy mayo laden salads, my choice was  a veggie tamale - It did not kill me but it did not make me happy laying there like dog food that was just slid out of a can - sorry this was my first impression - lying in its sauce on the cheapest foam plate imaginable, not pretty.  This was just food to make a turd; not much more.  Actually it was brown like turd.  The description boasted tri color masa and veggies, were the veggies ground into the masa?  There was never any veggie filling, so I guess it was turd all digested together to give my digestive track a break?

While granny was pouring my glass of lemonade I spied guacamole on the menu, guac makes me happy.. granny said, "Oh no not today; it is the day before a long weekend-- if I made guac & there were no customers it would go to waste, but here are some avocados I can give you some slices."  SORRY GRANNY I'VE WORKED IN PLACES THAT DID TABLE-SIDE  GUACAMOLE .. don't limit yourself.

Last on the list... those aforementioned younger ladies that seemed to dart in and out.. as a career waitress with my own grandmother, (that would have put a crack in my ass the other direction for doing anything perceived foul in the kitchen) I know better than to wear tank tops in the kitchen - exposed armpits not so kitchen-spectacular.  Another homey touch that would really add to the experience - vintage aprons - another great thrift store find!!!
Good Luck Ladies.  Sometimes I can give a place the baseball test, 3 strikes before their out. Sorry, got to cut the losses directly here, won't be back.
A great hidden gem off Mill Ave!  This place has good veg/non veg healthy lunch options in a small court yard setting.  For ~$7 you will be full.  There popular chicken salad is delicious and you can't go wrong with any of their items.  I dig the free chips/salsa as well and the out door seating is good 9 out 12 months a year.  The owners and employees make this a warm friendly environment.  Styrofoam cups at a "green" restaurant is what drops them from 5 to 4 stars.
OK. Primarily vegetabale-based food, but I'm not sure it really fits vegetarian. Definitely not vegan. That's ok, I'm not veg at all. The place is all kitchen - lots of stuff to make it homey. All tables are outside - there's no room in the place, and only room for about 12-15 people to sit. I had the veg tamale - it was all masa. The cheese and sauce made it palatable. Lots of pasta dishes.
  A little pricey for the food.
Came here last month with my boyfriend for some sandwiches.  Such...a...disappointment.  As someone who frequents Mill Ave and all of its shops/restaurants/bars often, I often walk past In Season Deli and it's rarely even open.  I thought we had lucked out when we actually saw two people in there so we strolled in.

We asked for two turkey sandwiches with the works and he also asked for a side of pasta salad.  Now there was only one older woman making the sandwiches, but it literally took about 20 minutes to get our food.  There was literally a fly swirling around their display case of their pastas, puddings, etc.  The lights in the case were blinking the whole time, made it very unappealing.  

Not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing, but they didn't even have any of their tables or chairs pulled out for customers, (maybe there weren't any yet that day?) so one of the employees pulled them all out for us and turned the misters on which was enjoyable.

The sandwiches were nothing special.  Something you would expect to see in a 2nd grader's brown bag lunch.  Regular wheat bread, oscar meyer brand turkey, one piece of lettuce, soggy tomato, mayo, and mustard.  His pasta salad had a film on it from being old, he didn't touch it.  Their sign actually fell off the wall as we tossed our food, it was priceless.

Really wouldn't be surprised if this place closes down.
Great place for a smaller breakfast, and pretty great coffee as well.
This place is my spot. Drip coffee that is the best in town, go with the bold European blend or the Vanilla blend. Love those egg bagel sandwiches, the turkey sausage or the spinach mushroom swiss are the best in my opinion. The service is quick, and the staff is extremely friendly. They even know me by name in there. I do love this place.
I go here for breakfast and i usually end up with a sandwich.  All sandwiches here are great and filling with the side.  Breads are freshly baked right there.  I have had breakfast here and the bagel egg sandwiches are pretty darn good.  Can be kinda cramped inside with a full house on weekends but the service is so quick I'm usually on the road before someones rug rat starts bumping into me.
I stopped in here yesterday for a quick bite to eat.  I was surprised at how many people were here on a Thursday morning!  Quite a line.

I got a bagel with cream cheese, and it was yummy.  I had a very positive experience here considering it was Einsteins!
I'll be honest. Einstein Bros Bagels in Tempe is my typical go-to breakfast spot. I can walk there, it's always full of friendly faces, and it usually produces pretty great, affordable bagels and coffee. What's not to like!? Last week I stopped by for a last minute bagel on my way to work and was extremely disappointed by the service I experienced. I ordered my usual egg white and cheddar sandwich on an "everything" bagel to go. I paid, took a seat, and waited while my order was completed on a busy Friday morning. I watched the bagel-guru slice my bagel, stick it through the toaster, and promptly drop it on the ground. After some swearing under her breath I sat back and patiently continued to wait...I wasn't in a huge hurry. She put a new bagel in the toaster and I watched as after 10 seconds or so...it ignited in flames! I saw her whack it a few times to put the fire out, and saw her put in a new bagel. 

Unfortunately when I got to work and unwrapped my long-awaited breakfast, I discovered that the bagel-burner had assembled my sandwich on the victim of the toaster fire. The sandwich was charred, crispy, and tasted like I had taken a spoon to what was left of a campfire after a night of s'mores. 

Overall, Einstein's produces good food fairly quickly and for a good price...but lately I've had some not-so-positive experiences. I am a sucker for service, and you can bet I'll be letting another neighborhood bagel joint make my breakfast from here on out.
This single location has completely turned me away from Einstein Brothers.  On the several occasions I have been there, I have encountered mediocre food and an incompetent staff.  If you are a fan of this chain, avoid this location.
vegs bagel sandwich is good and fresh flavor.
Everytime I come here they forget something in my order. They all seem to be rude and hate there job. When i have told them I had missing something, they told me that I should of got it myself. Even though the item was behind thr glass case.
They messed up my bacon egg cheese bagel and gave me a sausage egg and cheese bagel. They flipped the cooked egg in the plastic container on to the plastic table the place where all the other food Is prepared. That added a Some new taste.
Slow service, unless you're a regular.  :-(
I was here before 6 a.m. and there were two people behind the counter and one that was just walking back there.  The two that were behind the counter just looked at me but didn't say good morning or we'll be with you in a minute.  When the third person came around the counter one of the other two said something to him about something in one of the ovens and so he stops and tends to whatever that was.

So finally he makes it to the register and takes my order.
Nothing difficult, three bagels toasted with cream cheese to go.  A customer came in a few minutes after me, placed his order and had his drink and food before mine was ready.  
Seems regular customers get more priority.
But from the looks of other recent reviews they really should focus on getting their act together because in this area we have more than one option.
Great and super helpful service gets this place an ok in my book.. I said no thanks to chips and they explained that i get them any way, kudos!
Slower every time I come.  Today order was done wrong.  It is not busy so why must we wait for service (to order and to pay) and then receive order half right.
We hit another location in the area and always get better service so we decided that's just where we'll take our business.
Got bagels here to take to the team at work.  The staff was patient with me as I picked out the exact mix I wanted to take in, and they had a few recommendations.  The bagels were your basic bagels that I've come to expect from Einstein or Panera-type places.  Good but nothing to write home (or give a great Yelp review!) about.
I visited this Einstein's location today for a bagel and a coffee with my boyfriend today. When I walked in I didn't get a greeting or anything, just a cashier staring at me. After staring at each other for about 20 seconds, I guessed that was my queue to order. I was just surprised that I didn't get a hello or a greeting or anything. It was a little weird. Otherwise, my order was correct and tasted good. The cashier was just a little odd and the staff didn't seem to move very fast. I would visit again, but probably not at this location.
Good bagels and a fair price. I wait for the coupon in the Sunday paper and buy the 'hate to wait' dozen with 2 cream cheese tubs. I slice them and freeze them, pulling out a bagel to toast whenever I am in the mood. There are two EB bagels near me, but I like this one. They are usually not quite a packed and you can get in and out quickly.
My review is based off their lunch menu. The sandwiches are okay in terms of taste, but hardly worth the price. I paid $8 for a panini comprised mostly of bread. Oh, and I had to wait 15 minutes when the place wasn't even busy. To top it off, once I finally got my sandwich and proceeded to my car, the girl that put it together was out front of the store smoking - yuck. I've been here before for other menu items with similar experiences and will not be coming back. I'm sure there are better morning bagel places around...and I really wish I would of went to Sprouts for a better quality sandwich filled with meat and veggies for half the price!
I used to stop by this cookie-cutter bagel shop about twice a week to grab a coffee and a bagel on my way to work.  I mean, it was convenient, up the street from where I lived.  

I stopped because my idea about customer service is not to give customers grief, and not to mock customers who are looking for an efficient (hell, that's why you are a cookie-cutter shop, right?) way to grab something because they need to be somewhere.

So, after about 6 months of not stopping in there, I decide to give it a try this morning.  What a mistake that was!  Two people behind the counter, no line, one customer waiting for a bagel to be made.  One of the counter staff was on the telephone, the other was making this other customer's bagel order.  I assume I'll be helped next by the staff after this other customer's bagel order is finished -- no dice. Instead he grabs what apparently was a large telephone order being taken by the other staff person and begins making those orders, and this other staff person for some reason needs to enter this order into their computer.  I wait another 5-10 minutes, meanwhile a line is forming behind me, and still nothing.

Avoid this place!
Being from NY I always crave bagels when on vacation. Einstein Bros. fits the bill. Only gripe is that their prices are more expensive than NY.  I mean almost $5.00 for a creamcheese bagel and orange juice is a bit pricey. The bagels are also softer than a NY bagel. I like a crispier outside. Regardless of those two things the bagels themselves are good. It has become my standard bagel place every time I am out West.
This is the worst Einstein ever. I go to my normal local Einstein and in comparison this place is like going to a 7 eleven. Never have coffee brewed and the employees ignore you when you come in.
The homeslices at Strip Sandwich serve very basic lunch food for the downtown business crowd. The food is cheap, not bad, but not great. I think you can get pretty much any sandwich "Sloppy Joe" style, which is hilarious but not something I really wanted to try. Salad is a mix of romaine and iceberg. Whole wheat bread seemed like the fluffy wonder bread variety. But lunch is less than $5 i think, so hey, not complaining too too much. They also deliver on mopeds, which is sweet.
The other review of "beggars can't be choosers" is ridiculous.  I have worked near this shop for almost five years and I have at least ten to twelve places I eat when going out to lunch.  I like the Strip Shop b/c the sandwiches and salads are quick and pretty tasty.  When starving and can't leave your office, they deliver.  Breakfast is also on their menu.  

Would I rather go to Courthouse Grill if I want to sit down and eat? Yes, but this is a quick place that provides good sandwiches that will leave you full and unable to finish!
Downtown may be the center of Las Vegas' legal and office district (as small as it is), but it does not have a truly great sandwich shop.  Given that there's no brilliant place to grab a lovely sammich, if you're downtown around lunchtime, Strip Sandwich Shop is pretty good.  

They've got a decent selection of hot sandwiches (chipped beef, corned beef, beef brisket, etc.) and a better selection of deli meat subs and sandwiches.  Unlike many of the other sandwich shops downtown, the Strip Sandwich Shop slices the deli meat as you order it, which makes it taste fresh and delicious.  The bread is good too--not amazing, but good.

When we were there, I had the corned beef on rye with swiss.  Not my favorite sandwich ever, but one of the best I've ever ordered from a downtown place.  Others ordered the turkey sandwich, roast beef and the chicken sub of the day.  No complaints from anyone.  So if you're trapped downtown and need a sammich, Strip Sandwich is a solid choice.  You could do a lot worse (I mean A LOT worse -- there is a Quiznos downtown after all).
I work nearby so I eat here about once a month, not because the food is bad but because I don't like eating sandwich more than once a month. 

Anyway, they have 3 items I consider to be in the "good to really good" range. Pastrami sandwich, brisket sandwich, and sausage sandwich. I heard from my co workers that their house salad is good too. I'm not a salad person =)
This place is on fire. So much so, it's now closed. Scandalous
I visit Las Vegas about twice a year and another dozen or so on business. Im looking for a quick bite to eat and being salivated over by a pushy waitperson is not my idea of service. Hanns and Ray made this place click. If you say a little mustard thats what you get not soaked in mustard. I am sorry to see the downtown location has closed as it made it easy in easy out during my business trips as I ran from Courthouse to Courthouse. Looking forward to trying one of their places off of the strip.
nothing special on the menu. ive had the Pizza, and their Chicken Breast Hero. and both were just average.
Okay, just one quick word about Minutos deli...FABULOUS!!! 

I used to always go here before joining the Navy, Their sandwiches are the best ever. I only go now when I visit my Dad in Las Vegas.
I love the taste of their sandwiches so much, the service is awesome too. Give this place a try at least once, you will not be disappointed.
This place is one of only 2 places in the Smith's shopping center that have been there for more than a couple years, Smiths is the other one.  Their food is so yummy and authentic. Minutos rocks, eat here soon. I have never eaten the pizza here but I am just so stuck on their subs :) But hey, I can reccomend the subs :)
My husband won a certificate from a radio station to this authentic italian deli- what a gem! Located in the Smith's strip mall, you wouldn't think that this place existed. We've ranted and raved about this place to family (my husband's half Italian.) We keep saying that we'll be back- maybe sometime in the near future. 

Very impressed. We had the sub sandwiches, which were really good. The prices were pretty good. The atmosphere is cute- meats hanging. Small tables & booth seating available.
Now named La Duca's Italian Deli this place has great sandwiches. 

I tried the Italian Hero which had Prosciutto, cappocolla, mortadella and salami, provolone lettuce, tomato, onion and dressing. The sandwich was delicious, the bread is baked in house and you can taste the freshness. All the eats combined with condiments gave the sandwich a yummy flavor.

I would highly recomend La Duca's for a sandwich and will be back again.
These are the bagels I get for special occasions, company, xmas morning, etc...it's across town, in the barrio, oddly enough(there is a good taco place next door).  In the morning it is filled with elderly East Coast Jews having breakfast, with the exception of me, being neither elderly nor Jewish... their breakfasts are good, but if you want a good choice for a dozen bagels, get there early or you will be limited to second tier choices like honey wheat raisin or whatever...all the sesame and poppy will be gone, baby.

If you do happen to be Jewish, there is also a kosher Israeli restaurant on the same block, called Haifa. I suppose you wouldn't have to be Jewish to eat there, though....I've never tried to...I think I should, now that I mention it, though.
Bagels, Bagels, Bagels. Terrible name, great bagels! This is a little family owned Jewish Deli. The food is pretty good but the bagels is where it's at. Closest thing to NY bagels that I have found in Vegas. Real, boiled, NY bagels with great cream cheese's and many other hard to find kosher items. If you like the mom and pops places then this is a great place. Make sure you bring cash because they don't take plastic here.
Harry's Bagelmania, as stated by two Jewish people I know personally who are both from New York and now living here in Las Vegas,  is where the BEST bagels in Las Vegas come from.  Harry's Bagelmania bagels are described as "Just how you would get them in New York, a touch crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside."  They are very different from the frozen bagels in plastic bags available in supermarkets.  Harry's Bagelmania bagels come in many varieties, to name a few:  sesame, poppy, cinnamon/raisin, onion, plain.  A dozen is not more than $7.  Harry's Bagelmania doesn't only sell bagels.  They serve brunch until, if I'm not mistaken, 2 p.m.  Kosher deli staple is what's on the menu here.  Mr. Tony Curtis, a famous old-time actor and a Jewish New Yorker(actress Jamie Lee Curtis' actor father) has been seen here dining every now and then.  Harry's Bagelmania is located on Twain, southeast corner of Swenson.
This place has been my hangout for 20 years! I have smoked over 34 million cigarettes here, held business meetings, lived through 4 owners (outlived actually) and the transition to non-smoking has slowed me down but not stopped me. Maybe I'll quit.

The food is good and totally authentic. Yes, old Jewish weirdos and gangstas abound (including me). Be sure to go there or your life will never be quite complete....
I took a stroll down memory lane this past weekend (Yes, it was homecoming at UNLV) and ate here last Monday.  Old Mort is on that cloud in the sky now, but the memories are still there at Bagelmania. Yes, 'tis full of old East Coast Jews in the morning, and the breakfasts are served by the same 'ol fuddy-duddy women who served me as a young kid from San Francisco years ago.  I had the specials, which consisted of bagel, sausage, and three eggs.  I took two of my pals who happened to be celebrating homecoming as well.  We spent $24 on coffee and the specials.  All was served efficiently.  Same rude service, but mind you this place was packed early in the morning.  So head to that 'ol strip mall on Twain and Swenson in the 'hood, and grab yourself a special (if you read the RJ, don't clip the coupon.  It's an advertisement) and a toasted onion bagel.
This is a little family owned Jewish Deli with Fresh made bagels. This place is packed with regulars ever Saturday & Sunday. Limited seating-NO boothes, MOSTLY breakfast & Bagels, a little sandwich menu for Lunch. Closes early around 3 pm. My mother-in-law a NY Jew has been going here for more than 20 years and swears it's just like home. I usually enjoy the breakfast platter-eggs,bacon or sausage & a bagel plus homefries. The LOX i'm told by my wife is the freshest around. A truly EAST Coast Deli experience in a very shady neighborhood. Once the Haifa Restaurant closed in this shopping center it has gotten very scary. Atmosphere & Service our outstanding every time. The food is OK, but the BAGELS are the BEST
this is the best deli/restarant i have ever been to.i have been going there since i was a kid with my mom and now with my own kids love ya harry.i always get the breakfast special 2 eggs home fried potatos sausage and a bagel toasted with butter nd jelly they also have great sandwiches the best pastrami.the bagels are great everything is great and the service is like family.
I swore I would never review Harrie's Bagelmania (correctly spelled) but since the secret is out, I will give them the props they deserve.  I wanted to keep my secret place empty for myself.

This is by far the best breakfast I have in Las Vegas....even better than the Maple Tree which is very yummy.  It is a dumpy little place in a half-deserted strip mall in a so-so part of town but the food is good....really good.  All the egg dishes are yummy/  They understand bacon well done better than anyone.  I'm not a big fan of their pancakes but most people like them.  I love the bagels...yummy, heavy, proper bagels. 

 I have been coming here for 15 years.  Every time I go to Vegas I go to Bagelmania.  I brought a party of 10 one Sunday morning and they sat us right away in the back.  Everybody at the table loved it.  That is unusual to get 10 folks to sign off on a place. The service is always appropriate.  They won't wow you with being overly friendly, but it is prompt and attentive.

I highly recommend Harries for breakfast....but in 15 years, I have never had lunch there.  Try it once.  You will probably like it.
Harrie's Bagelmania-This place has HISTORY-It's a part of the fabric of Las Vegas an old school NY-style Jewish Deli.

In a small shopping center at Swenson & Twain its just between the STRIP and the Boulevard Mall. Also in the same center is the HAIFA Restaurant another Jewish eatery.

It's known for its Friendly service and REAL food. FRESH made bagels and More. It's a little cramped in there with NO boothes and most patrons are regular who are WELL-FED! lol

They know your name and what you are gonna order before you get seated. Along the back wall is a mural of an old school neighborhood with people looking out their 3rd story window of their brownstone hollering the ice cream man-etc(you get the picture)

Well they have polaroid cut-out of REAL customer taped over the faces on the mural to personalize it-VERY COOL!!

As far as the food goes-I guess you have to be Jewish or from NY to appreciate it. Eggs & Onions,Lox with Onions, and Matza just not my cup of tea Being an Iowa Farm boy.
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME. Their bagel sandwiches are to die for, of course, but one of my favorite things is is actually their chicken matzo ball soup that is served with little bagel chips!!! SO delicious and perfect for a hangover AND there is a lot of it so I can usually take it home and eat it later too! The service is totally fast and friendly. Cash only kind of sucks but they definitely make it work. I would give this place a definite 5-star rating except....I can't figure out how to get my picture on the wall in one of those little buildings! Haha just kidding (kinda). Definitely worth the venture off the strip even though the surrounding neighborhood is kind of crappy. Oh well :)
The Real Deal.  Real bagels - no shortcuts - at least 15 kinds.  And all the traditional toppings/spreads.  Bialys. All kinds of sandwiches, salads, soups...  Made from scratch.  Noodle kugel with raisins!  3 kinds of knish - kasha (outstanding), potato, and meat (I've only had the kasha).  Fried matzo, blintzes, potato pancakes...  Lox, nova, kreplach, schmaltz - all available here.  All of the regular breakfast offerings plus a million choices for lunch.  Super-friendly people! (thanks Nancy!)  They also cater.
Open daily 6:30 am to 3pm.
Within walking distance of The Strip.  Just say No to nasty casino rubber bagels and GO HERE.
In another life, I was probably born Jewish. I went through a phase growing up when I was obsessed with bagels, lox, etc. Hell, I even studied the violin for 13+ years. Harrie's helped reunite me with my long lost (and imagined) Jewish identity while i did my stint out in LV.

Harrie's, as others have said, is a tradition in LV. For me, it was a Saturday morning late breakfast with either their hash or 2 eggs sunny side up all served with a warm toasted bagel of your choice and some cream cheese on the side. The coffee wasn't the best, but who cared? I was sitting here for a chance glimpse of the Elvis impersonator driving up in his silver Chrysler Sebring. It's more about the ambience here. This is old Las Vegas, folks. Good hearty NY style deli food with cheery people who love the city and treat the customers right.

Yes, they make their own bagels. When you go towards the back, you'll see the bags of flour and the mixing machines through the kitchen doorway. And they make a killer bialy too. The prices are good too. There's a breakfast special on the weekdays - can't recall how much, but it won't run you more than $5 for 2 eggs any style, some meat, a bagel and a coffee. Why sit in a generic Denny's or Blueberry Hill restaurant when you can just relax and feel at home here at Harrie's?

5 stars for ambience and service, 3.5 - 4 stars for food. I like the bialy the best. Reconnect with your love for bagels...and give Harrie's a try. If you see Elvis, take a picture for me. Thank you, thank you very much.
AH, the real deal.  Finally made it here!
Eric R. is a doll and whisked me away from work for lunch here.
*gasp* THEY HAVE KREPLACH!!!! the only place in town!!!
so I got a 1/2 tongue sandwich on challah and a cup of kreplach, and a Dr. Brown's black cherry soda in a bottle!
The kreplach: huge, yummy, comforting, came with noodles and the broth was tasty, plus bagel chips.
The sandwich: tongue was shaved thin, fatty and delicious.  Challah was a bit dry but stood up to the meat.  Pickle was crisp and tangy.
Eric R. ordered a turkey melt on poppyseed bagel and a potato pancake.  He licked his plate clean (I had to move the pickle bc he hates em).
+1 they have the indifferent New Yorkish deli waitress herself!
Only thing is..CASH ONLY!  I didn't know and here I offered to treat Eric R. and my debit card got rejected!  They have an ATM but it would cost me a fortune in fees so I gave the boy my little cash (just spent it all in San Diego at Farmer's Market yesterday!) and he treated me!!!
I owe him one!!!
yum!
Wish it was open past 3 because next time I get sick and want kreplach soup, it will be closed at night :(
For a full year i make the drive from mountains edge to the eastside ( office bldg next to Lindo on DI ) - sometimes i take the 215/airport route, other times the 15 / spring mtn ; During that time i drove by Harrie's at least 100+ times and i never tried.

I move to my westside office last month and now i've tried harrie's twice ... go figure

first visit - standard breakfast - 3 eggs over, sausage patties, everything bagel toasted.  solid - priced a little on the high side given the zip code but overall, i like the place.

2nd visit - lunch - get the turkey/pastrami/swiss and thousand island on rye with the mac salad ( homemade ) - again, decent sammie - a little pricey for what you get ( $11.50 ) and for the mac salad being "homemade" it sure had that bucket-o-salad taste to it.

If i'm in the area and need some breakfast or lunch, i'll definitely re-visit.

pics added
They have Yelp & Zagat rating stickers on the window, which can be intimidating for anyone, walking into a business. I was recommended to come here from a writer in Las Vegas. I ordered the Matzoball soup & Turkey Club with potato pancake and apple sauce.

The matzoball soup was hot and large in a good amount of liquid. I'm used to having chicken noodle matzoball soup, so this was a change. For the price, avoid ordering it plus something else.

The turkey club sandwich was tasty. I ordered it with toasted wheat bread. The sandwich came out so large that I was almost not able to fit my big mouth around it. This is a sandwich for which I would return to this restaurant to eat again.

Some of the charm of this restaurant are the people who work there, mainly the waitresses. They'll tell you straight up what is really going on and make sure you order food that you will enjoy. I have not tried the dessert here yet. Visit for the sandwiches and the authentic type deli.
Sadly, I never had an Elvis sighting here in my many jaunts to Vegas and breakfasts at this place. Great homemade bagels- I am partial to the everything bagel, which is dense and soft and fresh and crunchy on the outside. Coffee is okay and hash and eggs are standard...but you're really just here for the bagels (and the Elvis sighting) so it's all good. A great place for cheap weekend brunch.
Fun place - nice to get away from the strip for a while. Good bagels, though the coffee was so weak it could have passed for tea.
Second stop in search for the best Pastrami. IMHO. 
Had the pastrami on Rye. Although all was fine with the sandwich, I was a little disappointed with the amount of meat. I wanted a little more for the almost 11.00 dollar meal. You do get a little apple sauce and potato pancake, but I could have done away with that for a meatier sandwich. Oh well, the search continues.
Now a few weeks ago, my request to find kreplach soup that I sent to the RJ's Taste of the Town in February, suddenly showed up in the newspaper!  Now, I never read newspaper tangiibly or online, but I happened to check it and see my request, 8 months later.  The truth is, as everyone can see here, I found kreplach soup in town back in May.  I had not been back to Harrie's since my first trip because whenever I think to go there, it is after their 3 PM closing time.

However, this weekend I felt miserable, and decided the only way to recuperate was to get kreplach soup.  Eric R. and I happened to have planned on lox and bagels for breakfast, so I decided to get a half dozen bagels there too.  I walked in, grabbed a bottled Dr. Brown's black cherry, and at the counter I declared with passion, "Give me the largest container of kreplach soup you have!"  The lady smiled and pointed to a big to go container, and I waved my hand and exclaimed, "PERFECT!"

Then I proceeded to order a half dozen bagels for Eric R. and a small cream cheese (he had the Tofutti one in the fridge but I think he really wanted the real deal so I surprised him).  In the end, I came home and had a giant bowl of kreplach soup accompanied by bagel chips, then some lox (aka brain food), whipped out some capers and sliced onion for Eric R., and saved the other half of the soup to get me through today.  A combination of Harrie's kreplach soup, Eric R.'s furnishing me with love and kleenex, and benadryl have nursed me back toward normalcy.
As a Jewish girl who lives in a predominantly Mormon state, I was thrilled to find Bagelmania.  The best corned beef hash I've ever had and the bagels, amazing.  Great black and white cookies and we picked up some pastrami for the road.  The cole slaw a little too creamy for my taste, but everything else terrific
Are you shitting me?
This charming place is in the sketchiest part of Vega$$ and yet it's the cutest little place ever.
Frequented by retired people who have a whole 'nother appreciation of the beauty of a relaxing breakfast, I found myself charmed by the environment, the service and the food. 
It serves all day, and it's one of places that tourists would never find or make a destination, so I feel a bit of Las Vegan ownership already. 
I'll go back again and if you want some company, hit me up, I'm sure I'll be game.
So I got really excited about there being a "Jewish" deli over by where I live, as I've been missing that style of food since moving to Vegas from Los Angeles.  It really was an old-timers place, the kind where people have been going there for years and the waitresses know your names.  I was probably the only person in the place under 40.  I liked the feel, and the food was decent, I had the corned beef hash.  I've had better, but on the whole the meal was perfectly acceptable.  However what got me was the bill, $19 with tip for corned beef hash with a potato pancake and a cup of iced tea.  For that price I could've gone to the Stage or Carnegie Deli on the strip and gotten what would probably have been better food.  Will I come back here, probably, since I get that food craving every now and then.  And be forewarned, bring cash, they don't accept credit cards.
What can I say, Harrie you did it again! This is the second time I have dined on Harrie's as close as it gets to the east coast bagels on the west coast, well in Las Vegas at least. From potato knish to pumpernickel bagel Harries has me all vacklempt. Crisp on the outside soft on the inside, slight bagel chewyness without giving you lock jaw. O' what a bagel. It has been a long time since I had an everything bagel, and harrie you brought me back in time to old New york school days of my usual everything bagel breakfast. These bagels even hold up for a few days so order a dozen. Shalom harrie!!
Great Jewish deli, but be forewarned: they are not open for dinner. Great bagels, bialies, kugel and chopped liver. Extra laudits for the bagels and sweet kugel, which was awesome! They even sell fresh schmaltz! Everything I've eaten here is good except for the cabbage borscht. It tasted like something schlocked together from various canned food. Avoid!
Harrie's Bagelmania is an excellent deli. I had a nice bagel, a nice bialy, and a good pastrami omelet.
I mentioned on another discussion board that I thought Weiss' Deli in Henderson had the best bagel Ilve had outside New York and I had a couple of people say they thought Harrie's was better. I've eaten at both places only once, but I think I like Weiss' bagels better.
Harrie's is still a great place. Everything tastes freshly made. Service was excellent at Harrie's too. 
The everything bagel I got was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, just like it should be. I also appreciate that they make their own pastrami.
It's cash only.
thanks fellow yelpers for a great find. was looking for something casual and quick for breakfast and didn't want to have to hunt for parking at a casino restaurant. plus, i'm always on the lookout for a good bagel, so harrie's came up on my search.

pretty big menu of deli/diner selections, lots of omelets, scrambles, sandwiches, salads, soups, etc. i had the corned beef hash and eggs, which came with breakfast potatoes and a bagel w/cream cheese. food was served piping hot and was outstanding. hash was tasty and not overloaded with grease as can happen.

had an onion bagel, tasted as "east coast" as i've had on the west coast. for a frame of reference, my favorite ny bagels are h&h... not sure how native new yorkers would rate those, but i love 'em. absolutely hate noah's bagels. can't wait to dig into the plain (always a measure of how good a bagel joint is) and the bialy i brought home.

highly recommend harrie's for a casual, off strip breakfast or lunch with a decidedly local flavor. i'm disappointed i hadn't heard of this place sooner... it will be a must visit whenever i'm in lv. 

as others have noted, the neighborhood is a bit dodgy, but i wouldn't let that stop me from visiting. cash only.
Classic New York-style bagel place nestled in the heart of the ghetto on Twain Street. (take your gat with you!)

We order breakfast from here, for my work, when we have large meetings.  Everyone always requests this place and we order the simplest thing:

-Bagel Breakfast Sandwich: egg, cheese (some sort of meat: bacon, sausage or ham) on a plain bagel.  That is it!

The eggs is cooked perfectly: like a fried egg and the yolk is just barely runny so all the flavors of the egg, cheese, meat and bagel dance on your tongue.  YUM!

Believe this: this sandwich is even good COLD!  We had lots of leftovers and people were eating them for lunch cold.  Cold egg?  Uh yeah, its good on this sandwich.  (I would NEVER eat a Egg McMuffin cold, but this shiz is for real!)

Their bagels are exactly what I look for in a bagel: moist, a little chewy and delicious flavor.  I have only had the plain bagel and if its that good, I can only imagine how good everything else is.

(after i ate two halves: one for breakfast and one for lunch, I gained 2 pounds, but I think it was worth it!!)

Nancy (who I think is married to the owner??) is a doll and always makes sure everything is perfect.  We ordered from here last week:
30 bagel sandwiches and a fruit bowl.  They cut the bagel sandwiches in half and I swear everyone ate at least 3 halves!  The total was around $193 (included tax and delivery) and she took a check.

Now this is hearsay, but a lot of the people in my office have come here for breakfast and have said how they INHALED all of their food, because its that good!

If anything, go here for a bagel breakfast sandwich or bagel and cream cheese and you will be addicted!
Yay! I'm MOST DEFINITELY a fan. 

Sadly, I have never heard of this place, nor been to this place. However, I did have these delicious bagels brought into my life when they were delivered to me at work. 

I got a dozen of my favorite: Everything Bagel! I have never had a better everything bagel!!! I am no expert or aficionado of bagels, but I was blown away. Aside from the taste and the abundance of garlic, onions, poppy seeds galor.... the texture was also perfect. The top half of the bagel was loaded and dense/fluffy... while the bottom was denser and had a nice bite to it. 

I can't wait to make a presence in this said to be authentic bagel shop so I can see what all they have to offer and re-write my review! 

Right now I am about to try the cinnamon bagel... and I'm excited:]
Looking for actual Vegas locals? This is the place. Oldschool. Fresh. Bagels. If you are looking for fancy-schmancy or corporate-cookie cutter, you are in the wrong place. But if you like off the beaten path, mom & pop, every-day Jewish Deli slash diner food, you're in for a treat! The waitress might have been a little Ed Debevic's without the irony but so what. Expect it. After breakfast, we took a dozen bagels to go! BTW, CASH ONLY!
By the way... If you are looking for schmalz it is available for purchase by the pound.
This place is awesome.  went there super hung over from an epic night and the food is perfect.  Awesome breakfast potatoes, bagel sandwiches with egg, cheese, and whatever meat you want.  They have it all. Its close to the strip.

Not a ritzy place at all - the ATM gives you a receipt and you have to get your cash at the front desk!??

Price is legit though - you can have a full breakfast for $10 easily
Pretty good bagels, and good overall breakfast.  I liked the fact that it was a deli and had a large menu.  However, the bagels were a little denser and not quite what I'm used to.  We have an Einstein's here that I really like, and I guess that's what I've come to expect.  Harrie's may be more traditional, but I didn't like them quite as much.
Consistently good bagel brunch, as good as anywhere one can find in Las Vegas.  The sable platter ($16.49, maybe the most expensive item on the menu) was fresh and the coffee was hot.   Free yourself of your tourist trap and come here for food that is half the cost of lower-quality product on the strip.

Total for 4 adults and 4 children eating brunch, mostly egg and bagel material including one aforementioned sable platter, was about $75 plus tip.
The bagels are excellent!!! Everyone there is very nice as well. My cup of coffee is never even close to being empty. The guy that runs around with water and coffee is on it!! And he is super polite! I was born in New York and grew up eating awesome bagels and these are the only ones like that in Vegas. I did order the eggs Benedict once and did not like it at all. But bagels are their specialty, so I understand. The hollandaise was grainy. Another time they made me an egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms it was delicious! Plus it came with a bagel and I got fruit instead of home fries, so great options. Yesterday I tried their beef barley soup and it was pretty tasty came with bagel chips. Very reasonable prices as well!! I'm so happy I found this place!
Possibly one of three best bagels and breakfast places ever... It may me a little hard to find but so worth it... The bagels leave New York bagels in the dust and everything from the sausage to the eggs is delicious. Great service and great people.... I would make the drive from LA every morning to eat here.  After having breakfast for en entire week in Vegas at all the top hotels I found a place that actually tastes good.
A friend who lives here in Vegas took me to this hidden gem.  My pastrami rueben was fantastic.  I'll definitely be back.
I eat here about three or four times a year, breakfast and lunch.  The prices are moderate for the amount and quality of food - it is Vegas.

The CB hash is always good and the daily specials, especially the chicken-in-a-pot are good.

Take some of the cookies home with you and a bag of bialis.
Super cheap & super awesome breakfast! They really know how to do breakfast right here, with super huge portions and fresh hot breakfast. My friends and I ordered food from here to-go and brought it back to our hotel to eat. We couldn't believe how much food we got! 

I ordered the 3 eggs with potatoes meal combo. It came with your choice of bagel or toast. I got the Jalapeno bagel with butter, and it was super delicious!! It`s even better because it was close by and has lots of parking :) 

The waiters and waitresses are so nice and helpful. 

A must visit if you`re looking for a cheap breakfast place and not feeling like buffets.
Smoked salmon spread was chock-ful of smoked salmon.
Bagel fresh, tasty, and full of sesame seeds.
Super friendly service -- gave us complimentary samples of whitefish and baked salmon salads.
And honestly the best black and white cookie of my life.  It's going on my Vegas rotation.
My husband and I were just talking about how Las Vegas is becoming a close second to NYC for us.  Las Vegas has the shows, the food, etc.  The one important thing that Las Vegas was missing was the NYC bagel and pizza.  Well now they got the bagel.  Thank you Harrie and Nancy! 

I tried the jalapeno and cheese, sesame, everything, and poppyseed.  They were all very very good.  Just enough bite on the outside and chewiness on the inside.  What i was truly impressed with was that the lox spread had actual chunks of salmon in it.  Very, very yum.  I also had the vegetable and strawberry spread, and they were also very good.  Nancy mentioned that she adds no preservatives into her products.  I think that's all the more reason to give this place a try.  You won't regret it.
Real pumpernickel bagels!  Heaven. 
This place is open only for breakfast and lunch, but I go for breakfast when I have a chance because it reminds me of the deli of my childhood, Shapiros of Indianapolis, when I go there then.
Although it is not as great as it was when Harrie was alive [he died a few years ago], Harrie's widow lovingly keeps his restaurant and his deli alive.
Go first thing in the morning and you will see a cross-section of the real Las Vegas -- politicians, cab drivers, general folks -- enjoying a good meal.
It is worth it just to go for the "show."  It has a real deli feel to it.  Something which is missing in other better known Las Vegas delis.
Reminds me of a NJ bagel shop more than any other place I have found in Vegas. A bacon, egg and cheese on a well-made bagel (with real eggs and crispy bacon) seems to be a rarity on the West coast but they have them here for $4.50. I have found breakfast sandwiches like that elsewhere, on crappy bagels, for upwards of $7 (really!) Also tried the corned beef (lean) on rye (too many caraway seeds) which was good and the matzoh ball soup which was also good but could have used some actual chicken. I'll be back for sure, though. Also, they have special discounts on bagels, corned beef and pastrami on Tuesdays. Bring cash, no credit cards accepted.
All I could think about from the moment I woke up was, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". While getting ready for the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". While at the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". After the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?".

Well, hello Harrie's Bagelmania. I have had you bookmarked for well over six months. Thank you cravings that would put a pregnant woman to shame. When I want a certain food, let no one get in my way. 

The service is quick and efficient. As I walked through the door, the busperson already had ice water and menu in hand and was walking to my table. Two minutes later, the waitress took my order. 5-10 minutes and my Nova Lox and Everything Bagel was out. I had ordered the Fresh Fish Platter For One ($14.99). My unsalted salmon came with a scoop of either plain or chive cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, and olives. The chive cream cheese uses fresh chopped greens. The everything bagel was chewy and possessed an amalgamation of all their savory components. On top of that, not only did I have enough of ingredients to dress two half bagels, but top the extra veggies with salmon. With each order, there was six strips of the fatty fish. I am thankful because recently I have become a garbage disposal. 

The restaurant was half packed and the staff was able to finish my meal in half an hour. It is a great place for a quick breakfast.
Just visiting Vegas and found Harrie's on Yelp. It was just as advertised: a great local spot in the ghetto with delicious breakfast bagels and a deli. The place was full of regulars that the employees knew by name, a nice change from being with all the tourists on the Vegas strip. I had an "everything" breakfast bagel with egg, bacon, and cheese. It was hot, perfectly toasted and yummy. Coffee was not bad, not the best I've ever had but decent and served in nice blue mugs. The service was fast and friendly. And they had an awesome New York mural on the wall to look at while we ate. They take cash only so plan ahead. Definitely going back to check out the deli next time I am in town.
This place has won awards, had to try it. You do have to drive through a bad part of town but it is worth it. The staff are friendly, nice and helpful. The food is outstanding!!

The breakfast plates, bagels and kugel all taste great, the price is reasonable, and the breakfast plates are large portions.

I visit this whenever I am in Vegas, even if I have a free breakfast somewhere else, I will go here.

Definitely a wide selection of people and a lot of locals and regulars, but I felt right at home. Plus it is close to the convention center and not too far from the strip.
I am afraid to tell anyone else about this place as then it will be too busy and the prices will be raised - but I also want them to stay in business as i just bought a house in vegas. East Coast - the real deal. try it once - you'll be back. Do not go for the ambiance - in fact - get take out. It's just the best.
Delicious super platter (lox, sable, and whitefish, plain and scallion cream cheese, plus 3 bagels.) I even got a fourth, salt, which was quite nice with the right amount of salt and poppy seeds. Too much for the three of us to eat but we stumbled away happy and stuffed to the gills.
Mindblowing.

That is the word for this fantastic breakfast joint waaay off the old and hackneyed Vegas Strip. Freshly made bagels, tasty cream cheeses, and lots of coffee... what else do you need to start off your day?

If you happen to be a freak and don't like bagels, Harrie's also serves tons of other breakfast dishes, from eggs to pancakes to french toast. I can't speak for those because I devoured half their bagels over two breakfasts there.

Bonus points for friendly service - I left my phone on the table and one of the wait staff came over and handed it back to me as I was leaving.
Ok, just flew into Las Vegas from DC, and the ONLY reason I came here was because of the fact other reviewers noted they had kreplach.  Cup of chicken soup comes with one kreplach, bowl comes with 2.  I got 5 and willingly paid extra based on my anticipation...and...

not disappointed...what a find!!!!  Might just come back for dinner (it's 11:41 am as I write this) and have kreplach!

This place does not take cash, they do have an ATM machine in the back that I swear had to have been made in the 1930s :)  I assume the lady at the register is the owner, and she's very nice, very real.  The neighborhood and the place inside is fine, and it does indeed have character in a good way.

The bowl of chicken soup (with myh 5 kreplach flopping over the sides) was very large, was great.  The kreplach were large, well formed, good filling.

Very happy to find a place that serves Kreplach on an authentic level.  Did not try anything else here, just the soup.  I recommend it.
Ok, couldn't resist, just returned this afternoon.  This time got the Kreplach bowl with 2 extra, so total of 4.  Soup just as good, this time had more carrots, a good thing, the kreplach again well formed, good filling, firm.  Goin' miss this place :)
I am a sucker for a good bagel and after 4 days of convention food and all you can eat buffets, a simple, delicious breakfast was my desire.  It took me years to try this place.  Last year it was good and this year, again, it was a terrific break from the trade show grind, and just a half mile from the convention center.

In addition to the bagels, which were great, I tried the $10 Hoppel Poppel.  It's a mix of breakfast foods:  scrambled eggs, hash browns, salami, green peppers and onions.  The serving was gigantic and easily shared.  

Harrie's Bagelmania is at the kind of off the strip, locally owned restaurants I love to find on trips to Vegas.
This place is truly a hidden treasure. It's a small, family-owned authentic Jewish deli with an incredibly friendly staff and it is SOOOOO GOOD!!!! Harrie's Bagelmania is so much more than just a bagel shop. Absolutely everything is hand made from scratch and you can taste the love. Their sausage, egg, and cheese bagelwich blows all other breakfast sandwiches out of the water. The matzo ball soup tastes like your Jewish friend's grandma made it especially for you on a chilly day. The chicken salad is more flavorful than any I've ever tried; it was delicious (and I don't even like chicken salad, I only got to try this one because my friend ordered it). And the biali...OH the biali! For those of you unfamiliar with a biali (like I was), it is a type of bread -- similar to a bagel but not as dense-- with tiny minced onions and other delicious flavorings in the center. I've eaten their biali with the chicken salad, with the matzo ball soup, with cream cheese, and by itself...all amazing. I'd go to this place every single day if it weren't for the fact that doing so would turn me in to Shamu. I highly recommend it.

Note: They are cash only.
I am having a tough time rating places, because when I am reading reviews I am looking for a place in the 4 to 5 stars range. However, when  I review I feel like 5 stars is the best EVER. I am changing, my 5 stars is now...I can not wait to go back! Harrie's is a perfect example.  The food was great, the service wonderful, the place was clean. The egg and sausage bagelwich is superb. My wife had the lox sandwich and while it was expensive, it took both of to finish it. We are already planning our next trip. Another, place that I am glad that it is not in my neighborhood, or I would eat there too much!
I miss Jewish delis in LA. Nate and Al's, Brent's Deli, Canter's, etc.

This is THE closest thing. 

I stopped in one morning when I was craving a heavy breakfast. I got the everything bagel with nova and cream cheese. 

For the first time in my life, I had a choice between Lox and Nova. If you don't know the difference, google it. 

The Nova and Lox are priced per lb, and its a bit pricey, but who cares. You get what you pay for.

I am glad this place is down the street from my office. I'll be back!
Just come here to get a great bagel. This isn't your crappy bagel like einstein bagels. These are homemade. Cash Only.
I love this place!!

The food is fresh, made to order and REAL.

The bagel/Biale and lox spread is to die for!! No need for the full lox, the spread is LOADED with lox.

Stupid Yelp has me visiting a couple times, but I have been at least 6 times. 

It's cash only, but they have an ATM on premises. 

I do conferences and tradeshows- so I come thru Vegas reguarly and this IS my breakfast stop. It's close, fast, fresh and delicious!! 

Look for the locals- you will see them over and over. The staff is also the same day in, day out.

And I am ROLLING, laughing at the pregnant woman's dissertation on how bad this place is...she could have stopped with "I'm pregnant".
What a lovely little gem. Perfect for a quick to go meal on the way to the Grand Canyon. Food delicious and service perfect. Even filled our camelbacks!
Excellent deli short drive from the strip. Salami and egg breakfast was excellent. Bagels are top notch. Please note cash only. Update they now take credit cards via 4square.
i have only tried the bagels and bagel sandwiches here and i go back weekly.  enough said :)
If you are in Las Vegas and headed to the Convention Center make an effort to stop at Harrie's Bagelmania.  This little deli is a nice change from the glitz and glamour of The Strip.  Many locals stop by here for breakfast and lunch.

I was in the area recently.  I took the RTC city bus route 108 from McCarran Airport.  For $2, the bus will wisk you to Harrie's in 10 minutes.  It's in a little strip mall on the corner of Swenson and Twain.

Despite being a deli, they offer sitdown service.  One entree that I enjoyed was their Three Fer plate: knish, potato pancake and a blintz.  It comes with sour cream and apple sauce on the side.  On my recent trip, I had the kasha knish.  They also offer a knish with potatos or meat.     

I would definitely return for breakfast and lunch.  The staff is friendly and food was fresh.  As their name implies, they have a host of bagel combinations.  They do close at 3pm.
The food is very tasty and quite plentiful.
This is now going to be a regular stop when ever I come to Vegas.
Omg.. bomb.com..will stop by here everytime I come to Vegas, here on out.
What wonderful bagels they make! Lunch was excellent also. I ordered a cup of lentil soup and a side of sour cream. Add the bagel crisps that came with it, and I had a satisfying lunch not involving meat. My companion had the half pastrami sandwich/cup of cabbage soup combo and ate every bite. The place doesn't accept credit cards but has an ATM in the corner for those without the green.
Seriously... Jewish Delis are a significant point of weakness for me. Fresh bagels. Ridiculous portions of food that should never been mixed together or consumed in one sitting. Especially for breakfast! 

Harrie's is no exception. Hot coffee coming right up- you will eat to content and from a smorgasbord of delectable homemade options. If you eat here all you will say on your way home from Vegas is, Oy Vey! Who needs a buffet?!
My first trip to Harrie's.  Enjoyed the food, and the service was good.  I had a tuna melt, and chicken soup.  It was all good, and the portions were huge.  Easy to get to location, with ample parking, at least when we went.  Would go again for food when in the neighborhood.
They have the best bialys and bagels ever.  After breakfast my husband and I took home chopped liver, a kasha knish, and creamed herring.  When we asked for extra onions in the herring the owner told the cook to weigh the herring first then add the onions so we wouldn't be charged more for the addition.  Very nice.  We will definitely be back for more.
Love this place!  Came here to get some breakfast to go.  We took out some bagels and a knish.  Bagels were good and fresh and the knish was good and authentic.  Good prices on those.  Also took out a couple of OJ's and milk to wash it all down.  The drinks were a bit pricey and ended up being more than a third of the whole breakfast.  Next time, we'll head to the grocery store for drinks.  

The place was clean and the staff very helpful.  Would have liked to eat in but not this trip.  Definitely recommend.
Good for breakfast and brunch. It is located in a rough part of the city. I recently moved closer to downtown so I drop by often. 

Nova/lox sandwiches are my favorite. Be careful, Lox can get too salty (or was it the other way around??). You can get all your standard bagels. All of them freshly baked. Hash corned beef is very good. Also, cooked fresh. A side of them is big enough for 2. 

it is a good deli, the best in that part of the city. It is not a world-class place were they smoked and cure their meats but is good for Vegas and the best you can get in the area.
Sometimes you get a craving for something...for me it was lox and bagels on an everything bagel with capers. And nothing else will do. Yeah, I could have went to Einstein Bagels...and had some teenager slap something together for me. I didn't want that, I wanted a good bagel place, locally owned, and that knows how to make great bagels. I found what I was looking for at Harrie's Bagelmania. 

Yes, it's in a "sketchy" part of town for some people. So what. Walk in, have a seat, and let them bring you a menu. Service was spot on...I had questions, I got answers without attitude. My food arrived fast. My check didn't arrive until I was just about finished. I like service like that which I consider just right. 

But all that means nothing, what about the food? I had another one of those OMG did I order more than I can eat moments? That bagel was stacked! And it was kinda messy too (which is good and that's NOT a complaint!). And while I thought $1 extra for the capers was a bit pricey....they loaded my bagel up!

Decor wise the place could use a slight facelift, but to be honest I was too busy chowing down to give a dang about decor. They are a bit pricey for my typical lunch and way over the top on calorie counts but if you gotta have lox and bagels, Harrie's Bagelmania has what you need. I will be back! 

(Bookmarked for months....boy am I glad I finally got over there to check it out. Oh and they take credit / debit cards...no ancient ATM in sight as mentioned by earlier reviewers, but I brought cash just in case.)

(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #2)
Fun dive! Felt like we were in NYC. Would definitely return! The lady that runs the place is a little quirky... but, only interacted with her when we paid the bill.
Day one, I had an everything bagel with lox cream cheese. Delicious. Second day had the corned beef hash with a breakfast bagel. Day one was better than day two, but we are comparing greater and great.

Don't let the exterior appearance fool you. This place has been making everything from scratch for 21 years. This will be a regular visit every time we come to Vegas.
If you go here, don't expect anything special.  It's very much an average Las Vegas eatery, which means it's below average if you're from the real world.  I guess if you've only had Vegas bagels, this could be a 3-star, but I'm being very generous.

It's not authentic, and it does not have a great menu offering.  The food they do offer is very bland, and simply below average. 

Make sure you have some time to spare.  The wait can be very long, and the staff is almost purposefully slow.
I was told about this place from a man on a cruise ship last winter.  I FINALLY stopped in, even though it's just around the corner from work!  The bagel was great and the amount of Lox they put on is YUM!  I'm looking forward to going there again.
I came in and got two bagels on my lunch hour. They were nice and efficient and the bagels were nice and chewy. It is a good Jewish deli and I saw many "old school" Vegas types enjoying their breakfast. It is a true hole in the wall, so don't expect linen table clothes but the bagels and cream cheese were good and I saw lots of tempting things in the deli case which will make me come back. The area it is in is a bit sketch so just take note of that:)
Great little bagel shop with a diner feel.  The decor is old fashioned, some may even say run down, but I thought it was quaint and no-fuss.  I love that it is a local establishment that serves good quality food.  It wasn't crowded on a Friday morning, so my girlfriends and I immediately got a table and our orders taken.

I ordered an everything bagel with lox cream cheese (cream cheese with smoked salmon in it).  YUM.  We were visiting Vegas so we also ordered a dozen bagels to-go with a pound of cream cheese for about $12.  Not bad considering it was supposed to be breakfast for the four of us for 3 mornings.  I think that's about as cheap as you're gonna get for eating in Vegas on vacation!
Not bad.  Bagels were amazing and the only reason to really go.   The soup was okay but not that great.   The matzah balls were a bit hard.   Definitely a good bagel place.
Great lunch place ...I had the cup of Matzo Ball soup it was delicious..very hot with lots of celery and carrots....my friend and I shared the corned beef sandwich which also was very good...prices are reasonable. If you come at 1 o clock you beat the lunch crowd.
Don't let the location fool you! Went with a good friend of mine who has been coming here for years. The Reuben omelette was calling my name and sure enough, best omelette I've had! Huge portions for the price. I will be back! Yum.
Their Bagels are the best in Las Vegas. REal water bagels. Food is also very good.
Loved this restaurant! The bagels were delicious; the meat knish was phenomenal; and, the service was very warm and attentive. I gave four stars instead of five because they do not have a credit card machine and I had to use their ATM machine in order to pay my bill. However, that did not take away from the quality of the food or service at Harrie's. Will definitely eat here again the next time I am in Las Vegas!
Matzo brie was off the hook.  The portions are huge.  It is very reasonable.  A great place for breakfast.
Seems pretty much like any bagel shop/deli that I've patronized in the northeast- family owned and operated and tons of regular customers of the senior-citizen class. I was about to drop $14 on the Nova platter when the waitress told me about a cheaper option that was exactly what I wanted. Bagels were huge and very tasty and I would come back for breakfast next time I'm nearby. Decor is outdated and so is this part of Vegas, but supporting a local business never goes out of style.
Extremely slow service.tuesday morning after ten.not even crowded.by the time I got my oatmeal, it was cold with old mushy bananas.my bagel was easily a day old and so stale and chewy I couldn't eat it, it hurt my jaw to chew.this place is awful, I'll never be back
Had a late breakfast here, and I've got to say I'm a fan now. The Reuben Omelet is absolutely amazing! The fact that it's not in one of the nicest places in town shouldn't deter you from giving this hidden gem a shoit.
If you want to feel llike you're sitting in a diner in somewhere in the Village eating bagels - this is the place! It's nothing fancy and you probably won't find any tourists in here (or gamblers for that matter). But the bagels are the best ones I had outside of New York City. And their Lox Cream Cheese spread is awesome! I would come back here just for that...!
BEST BAGELS IN VEGAS. 

This is the only bagel place I've found with fresh salted bagels. If you haven't tried them, you need to! The breakfast specials are amazing. Great eggs, a bagel with fresh cream cheese (nothing philly about it!), bacon, and home fries for a great value. I like to add a side of fruit too.

Be sure to get there early Sunday mornings; the bagels fly out of the bins! Try the bagel sandwiches: salted bagel, fresh eggs, bacon, and cheddar--my boyfriend always wakes right up when I bring these home. 

Lox? Incredible. Cookies? Fantastic. Service? Unbeatable. I forgot my wallet once and offered to leave my phone as collateral while I drove home. The cashier was so sweet. She told me she couldn't let me drive without a phone for emergencies. Be sweet to these people. Trust me, we want them to stick around! 

Now they're able to accept credit cards, even though the bagels have always been worth carrying cash for.
Somebody erase my browser history because I have died and gone to heaven.

This is a true New York Style deli. Generous portions of lox and cream cheese on fresh homemade bagels melt in your mouth. Grumpy old men with newspapers and the hint of old school Las Vegas make this place a must try. 

Close enough to the Strip for tourists but far enough away for a local crowd too. Prices are more than fair.
Had breakfast at Harrie's on a Saturday.  It was before 9 AM, and there was only one other table seated when I walked in.  After I ordered, people kept trickling in until the place was nearly half full.  It's in a not so great part of town, and it only takes cash, but these are not reasons to skip Harrie's.  They have a large menu with all of your east coast deli favorites, made on the premises.

I had the Hoppel Poppel, which, and there is no other way to put this, is an enormous amount of food.  It's home fries with eggs, peppers, onions and salami into a glorious scramble that easily covers the whole plate and could probably cover another one.  It comes with your choice of bagel.  I got an everything bagel toasted, and it comes with a lot of cream cheese.  I didn't finish either my scramble or the cream cheese.  The Hoppel Poppel is good, but when you put some Cholula on it, it becomes great.  The potatoes I don't think were seasoned, but the peppers and salami add a lot.  Also, the salami is fantastic, not greasy at all.  I guess if I have a criticism of this dish, it's the lack of seasoning.  But, adding hot sauce really worked.

I got the wife corned beef with eggs to go.  Her potatoes were not seasoned, but they were cooked well.  Not surprisingly, the order of eggs with corned beef was massive.  Yet another breakfast we couldn't finish.  

Service was fantastic, the check was brought out quickly as was my to go order.  Friendly people and a comfortable atmosphere.  Can't wait to return to get a huge sandwich for lunch.
We were looking for a cheaper breakfast option on our vacation...  Bagelmania was the perfect spot.  Its a local place located in a strip mall a few blocks off the strip.  It was pretty busy with lots of local regulars.  The portions were generous and the food was great.  Try the homemade hash and a fresh baked bialy.  You won't regret it!
I went here after reading all the Yelp reviews.  I don't understand all the rave reviews.  Nothing special AT ALL.  I ordered a pastrami omelet.  (Don't let that fool you... they do not have a giant selection of omelets, although you could specify ingredients to create a custom dish.)   When the plate arrived, I looked down to see a rather large portioned omelet that was stiff, fairly hard, smooth sided, compacted and in the shape of a triangle.  I immediately compared it to the looks of a tan colored cranberry scone.  There was no evidence of a yellow or egg whites.  It was all overcooked and brown.  If it wasn't for the triangular shape i'd say it looked like it was baked too long in a shoe.  yes, the texture while eating it was exactly as it looked.  Rubbery and flakey. Brown.  The omelet came with a bagel and diced potatoes.  The bagel:  Nothing special AT ALL.  It's not like you are going to Einstein's bagels or anywhere of that caliber.  It was not extra tasty or extra large.  I was surprised at that for a bagel shop!!  I usually love hash browns or other types of breakfast potatoes.  Not this time.  These diced potatoes were mushy and sticky in a weird kind of way.  Like warmed mashed potatoes that were cubed, and that stick to the roof of my mouth like peanut butter, but not as bad as peanut butter.  it was just weird. I'm sure that this was the first time in 30 years that I did not finish my breakfast potatoes.  It was only after I got my bill that I found out that the cheese that my waitress suggested ("what kind of cheese do you want on your omelet?) that I found it that the cheese was $1.50.  I wouldn't have ordered the cheese at all if I had known it was extra.  Here is what breakfast cost me (for myself):  Pastrami omelet:  $10.99, cheese: $1.50, Milk, 20 oz:  $2.75.  With tax my total bill was $16.48 not counting a tip.  If the pastrami omelet was not the most expensive item on the menu, it was right up there.  So yes, you could very easily get your entre $3 cheaper.  I would not recommend this place, because although it was unusual to have an pastrami omelet, it, and the rest of the meal, did not taste special at all.  I wish I had explored elsewhere.
We went here for breakfast one day to try and get away from the super pricey meals on the strip. Plus the hubby really wanted a bagel!

The waiter was so nice and friendly, and the place was full when we got there, so that is always a good sign. 

I had the brisket sandwich, it was ok, definitely lacked salt. It came ice cold, and I wondered if that was the Las Vegas way of eating it. The waiter assured me that it was not. My husband ordered the corned beef hash with scrambled eggs. The eggs were not cooked through and had some raw, runny spots. The waiter was apologetic and returned it to the "chef". He completely copped an attitude, and actually started complaining about us to the waiter and someone else behind the counter! Dude, we are sitting right here, and can hear you!

Anyway the hash was different than we are used to, but it was still good. Everything lacked salt, but I guess I'd rather have to add, than deal with too much. I would give it another try.
The bagel was good. Lots of bagel options to choose from. It's hard to find a place open at 7am in Vegas. Wished staff was more friendly.
Love the jalapeo bagel here! And the lady serving us was so nice. My boyfriend got the scrambled eggs and hash. It was a looooot of food. I would come back for another bagel!
Amazing food.  Im from the east coast living in Arizona.  Went to vegas and found this gem!  They are from Chicago so you know their deli food is good!
This place is awesome, it's not a tourist spot for sure. Mainly locals come here. I come here with a big group of people every morning for a week during SEMA, this place is great fro breakfast. We always call ahead to reserve a table and they always make rood for us and the service is quick and friendly. Can't go wrong with the breakfast special.
In the most bizarre strip mall along crack alley is where you will find Harrie. I get to drive through here everyday on my way to work, so I've become familiar with Harrie over the years. I boycotted for about 7 years but recently started coming back because I was sick of Einstein's. 

I love an everything bagel, and what I love even more is when "everything" is on both sides of my bagel. I found that here. Problem is, their bagels are really hard. Really, really hard. My usual spread is onion & chive. I find their spreads here are really thin, if you were to hold the bagel to on the side, it would slide off. I tried the Lox spread and it was so incredibly salty, I ended up throwing it away. What I do love is the cookie case. I've tried them all, and they are all pretty damn good. 

Also I think their prices are a little steep, $3.78 for a bagel & cream cheese (did I really just complain about prices for a Jewish deli)? Yes, I did.
This place filled the desire for an authentic Jewish/New York deli. Meyer Lansky would have been proud . The lox was fresh and amazing and the chive cream cheese was for me new and delicious . The bagels fresh and flavorful . The potato pancakes were cooked just right and the Ruben exquisite .
I've been coming to Harrie's for over 20 years and we haven't been in a few years since it had seemed to go down hill.  We were in the area and went for breakfast a few weeks ago and it was great, just like the old days!  Def try breakfast here and the bagels are the best in town!  Go for the bagels and lox, not the service!
It's in a real crappy part of town. Prostitutes and Drug dealers galore, only thing that breaks the scenery is stepping over the homeless! So, the location may not be something that Harrie's can control, but their service IS. My husband, visited the store earlier this morning to get our family breakfast. I am newly pregnant and was craving a lox and cream cheese bagel with the traditional tomato and lettuce. He arrives home with a lox cream cheese SPREAD (not even a slice of lox... they say they are like a real NY Bagel Place, having been to NY several times, and having loved ones their, I KNOW that the spread is the kiss of failure in a bagel) then they put lettuce and a hunkin huge slice of red onion.. WHO DOES THAT? Like that is how anyone would order an effin bagel.. SO, when he got home, of course I was upset that my sandwich was incorrectly made. Asked my husband for the receipt, he said that they didn't give him a receipt.. no surprise. I took the sandwich in. 

I was met at the counter by an extremely overweight lady ( who couldn't even stand, she had to lean on the counter the whole time or sit) who asked if she could held, I said, "My husband was just here and ordered this and other stuff, and my sandwich is wrong. It had this huge slice of onion on it and I wanted it with tomato." I opened the sandwich from it's foil wrapper to show her. She push the bagel back to me and said "Well, that's how he ordered it." I refuted telling her that he knows how I like my bagel and he would have NEVER asked for the fresh onion. She and I went back and forth for a second, she grabbed my bagel sandwich, while it was opened with her dirty hand and slammed it down on the cooks line and said "scrape the onion off and put tomato on it." I said "No, I want a new sandwich all together (because she put her dirty hands all over the bare food) or I wanted a refund" She grabbed the sandwich threw it in the trash an then she yelled  "Get the hell out of my store!" I told her that I wouldn't leave without a refund or a new sandwich.  You have to understand that in Vegas people in this neighborhood must always be on the run, so she thought by next saying to me "Leave or I will call Metro would scare me and  I would run out the door leaving her as a victor (with no refund and my sandwich)... but I responded with "Call Metro, as far as I see it you are stealing my sandwich and money! I Don't have merchandise that I asked for and you aren't giving me the sandwich out of the trash... so either refund me or give me a new sandwich, If you refuse I will stop payment on the card that I used." "I will call and have you arrested!" She said. I responded with "Oh I will pay you what I owe you, but I will not be charged for something that you won't fix or refund me on. I don't allow ANYONE to BULLY ME! That ended on the playground.. and as a adult, it is NOT OK to be bullied out of your rights! "She grabbed her calculator and started to try to figure out what she would have to refund and it seemed as if it was either (or both) that it hurt her to figure it out because it was too hard, or she realized that she would be losing cash in hand and all she had to do was fix my order (I mean how many bagels gets thrown away in a day anyway just fix the sandwich) 

She finally understood that I wasn't leaving and that she either had to make my food over or refund me the money.  She kept telling me to go sit down and she would deal with me later and wanted to help the regular (Jewish) customers. I stepped back, then she says to her customer loud enough for the regulars sitting there and eating  "Yeah, she is mashuga!" Having been deeply offended that she would pull that sort of card on me, not a cool thing to do as a business to start slinging religious terms to cut down on another person in a way to show that I am an outsider, not being part of their religion. I knew in a second what she was pulling and I wasn't going to allow this. I dated a Jewish man from Brooklyn. I understood what she was pulling! I tell her, "What you don't think I know Jewish? I know what you just called me!"  Finally, after a bunch more words that represent nothing more than poor customer service and bullying by her, she succumbed to my request and fixed my sandwich. The food, when I finally ate it wasn't that good. The onion on the bagel was so burnt that I couldn't taste the flavor of the bagel itself and the lox spread was kinda gross.... the produce was fresh at least... I just think that it wouldn't matter if the food was absolutely wonderful, I wouldn't patron a place that is all smiles to you until there is an issue and rather than helping you they spit in your face and tell you to get out or they will call the police. I wasn't loud, beligerant or rude. I got there towards the end though. I asked nicely and got the door anyway.  You decide for yourself, but, I say. "Spend your $$ at a place that respect you!"
Love love love this place! I came for the first time last month, and I've been here 4 times since! I l've only had a bagel sandwich but it's wonderful! Thinking about heading over to day, and try some of their other items.
This Jewish deli is in a strip mall a few blocks drive from the Strip.  They have tasty breakfasts at a far more reasonable price than the Strip.  The bagels are great.  I wasn't a fan of their smoked whitefish salad, but it was definitely smoked and came in a huge portion.
The service was impeccable. The food came out so quickly and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  I've been to 5 star restaurants where the service wasn't as good.  Definitely coming back for breakfast.  The food and bagels are top notch too!
Although locals may understandably grouse about paying close to $15 for a nova bagel, we Angelenos have been paying such tribute at the Langer's Deli altar for decades.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/langers-los-angeles-2#query:langers%20deli


The comparison is apt, because Langer's is also in a part of town not hitherto known for its culinary excellence.  Also apt, because both places have the same sort of quaint Aunt Enid-like "sit down and eat, Bubbeleh, you look skin and bones" type of feel.

But where Langer's has lines down the block and has been designated a cultural heritage site, this place is still somewhat fledgling, although I did see a Bentley and a Maybach during my 20 minute stay on a weekday morning, so surely they aren't far from stardom.

The bagels here are legit, yo, and the nova salmon sublime.  So too, the Russian Tea cake cookies, which are melt-in-the mouth delicious.
Great stop for breakfast! I had an Everything bagel with lox and cream cheese. It was delicious and had huge chunks of fresh salmon in the spread. Yummy! My husband had the $7.99 special of eggs, ham, potatoes and a Jalapeo bagel. He loved his too! We will be back!
ok so this is a pretty sketchy part of town,but it doesn't bother me or worry me. In the course of doing business in los angeles I was always in industrial or areas where business's had their warehouses in run down areas. I was pleasantly surprised with this eatery. Its a bit of a drive for me but runs about 1/2 the cost of bagel cafe. I had their 7.99 breakfast special. Onions and eggs sausage patty's (2) potatoes and a bagel. This is good old fashioned large portions and good food. quite a spread from the ripoff that is the strip,and basically a stones throw from there. Its near the convention center so for all you visitors its an awesome fillup on your way to long full day of work. For value they get two thumbs up! the service was also right on point. I will say it would be nice if they improved their coffee, a bit weak for my starbucks palate. otherwise a solid good value.
Food:  Bagels are noticeably different than Bagel Cafe; I like these one!  My pastrami omelette was comparable to Bagel cafe, slightly bigger. My wife's Matzo Ball soup was flavorless; she actually had to sprinkle salt on it......I've never seen her sprinkle salt on food before.  
Something I would recommend:  Tap water was the worst tasting in the Valley; hands down.....clean your water lines, I think I tasted 1972.
Service:  Was good today; we were one of only a few people there so they weren't busy.
Terrible service. They offered me fruit as a side then came back and said they had no fruit, they offered me cottage cheese, then came back and said no cottage cheese. I got so frustrated by their lack of knowledge I said I was just gonna go somewhere else so then they said well we already charged your card. They gave me a hand-written receipt for my charges instead on a printed one and said my credit would get to me "when the owner gets around to processing her charges" no definitive time or date given. So now I have no meal and I have no idea when I'm getting my refund if at all. This place is run terribly AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!
I just left Harrie's and I inhaled a delicious lox and cream cheese on a bagel. I'm from NY and I am very particular about the heavenly rings of yeasty goodness. To my relief, these bagels were delicious! Everyone was nice and I was very happy with the super friendly customer service. 
So, to that yelper -Hollie C. below, you are an insane racist and your review is disgusting.
Always nostalgic about NY when I grab breakfast here. Service is great, food excellent, prices are right.
Still great breakfast and good value in a sketchy shopping strip.  A very filling breakfast for 2 with leftovers (matzo brei and whitefish salad on a rye bagel) came to about $30 all-in.
Harrie's Bagelmania is a great little breakfast place, in an area of town you would want to generally stay away from, except Harrie's is in a shopping plaza.  It's a Jewish inspired menu, and the bagels are easily the best I have had in Vegas.  Also, on Tuesdays, they sell a dozen bagels for dirt cheap...I think maybe $5?

This morning I had the breakfast special of 3 huge eggs, fried perfectly, a slab of ham, a mound of hash browns, and a sesame bagel.  We also got a potato pancake - I'm not a connoisseur of potato pancakes, but Harrie's are awesome.

Service is pretty good, but they always make sure your coffee or iced tea are filled.  

Plan ahead, because Harrie's is cash only.
Another bit of NY in the desert. Easily best bagels and lox in Vegas. Go for the "Burton 1-2-3-1" very good. Orange juice is fresh squeezed and coffee is good.
This is a great place to just grab a quick bite ! Great service, been here couple times and never a let down. Location is the only sketchy part but it is still worth it !!! Love their chicken soup , matzo ball soup , bagel and their breakfast sandwiches. The black and white cookie is great also!
Once a month, I treat myself with 2 bagelmania garlic bagels and a half pound of cornbeef. I can't think of a better meal. 

Keep note: if you eat here once, you will get uncontrollable craving for their food. Nothing will satisfy but the real thing.

I've been told the staff is grumpy, but they've always been very nice to me.
Really enjoy coming here for breakfast! The food is excellent. Delicious bagels, and excellent matzah ball soup. My husband enjoys the brisket sandwich.
I'm in Vegas every few months and this is a spot I frequent.  They're super friendly and the food is great.  It's seems to be more of a local joint, and it has that mom and pop shop feel. I get the hopplepopple every time without question. It comes with a bagel and I've never left hungry. I heart this place.
An authentic new york deli in the middle of the strip (The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace) ... Great lunch spot - they even set you up with a bucket of pickles on your table to start. Try the potato knish if you're not going for a big meal, such as the giant open-faced sandwiches.
There are huge matzoh balls in the soup here. However, the soup is a little on the bland side - I had to add a lot of pepper.

A slice of New York style cheesecake is ridiculously big. I started out helping someone on his dessert and thought there was no way we'd finish. Little did I know this would be the best cheesecake I'd ever tasted, so polishing it off was easy.

This is one of the cheapest good places to eat on the strip.
Stage Deli is a branch of the famous New York original.  My first meal at Stage Deli was whitefish, with a bagel and cream cheese. The whitefish was OK but too salty, and the bagel was soft.

For my second meal, I ordered kishka (listed on the menu), and got a blank stare. The person taking my order eventually asked "Do you mean quiche?" No, I wanted kishka. This resulted in a meeting with another person. Eventually they brought out my order - quiche! If they don't even know the foods they offer, no wonder their food is no better. I eventually settled for an acceptable corned beef sandwich.
A nice little deli in the Forum Shops. Beware, they serve large portions that could serve two people. I ordered George Clooney (that's what the sandwich was called) and received two large slabs of meatloaf atop bread (open faced). I ate just about half of it before deciding it would be best for me not to fill up on this. My mom ordered the regular meatloaf dish that was similar to mine, only that hers had mashed potatoes and no bread. We could've easily shared our dish had we known the servings would be so large. I felt bad having wasted all that good meatloaf. Don't let this happen to you. 

If you like pickles, they offer a pickle bucket for a buck and it comes with different kinds of pickles to try.
This place was a pleasant surprise! My sister and her boyfriend insisted on going to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill for lunch. Not having $30 to drop on a sandwich, my friend and i chose to browse the forum shops for something cheaper. We randomly came across Stage Deli and since neith of us knew exactly what we wanted, we stopped to choose from their large menu. I settled on a chili dog which was delicious! I had to ask for a side of onions and a side of cheese to complete the chili dog, but once it was all together, it was good!  The chili dog, itself was huge and so was the bun (what a concept). The chili and the fries were all delicious. My friend got a meatball sub which she seemed to enjoy and thank GOD they never put a bucket of pickles on our table. Its like they knew i hate pickles . .
Yes, I've eaten at NY Stage before and know portion sizes are huge, but I still was amply shocked by what appeared before me.  The amount of food on the plate is almost to the point of being unappetizing, so you have to order just one plate and share.  

That being said, the matzoh ball soup would have been enough for the two of us, but we went ahead and ordered the whitefish "appetizer," which could have fed four people easy.  The soup was kinda bland, but the matzohs were cooked perfectly.  The whitefish was super yummy, if a bit bony, and served with bagel, cream cheese and the standard tomatoes and cucumbers.  The chocolate egg cream was delish.

We felt guilty for not finishing the whitefish.  I wonder how much food this restaurant wastes?  It's not like Vegas tourists are asking to doggie-bag the left overs.
My husband and I were like, embarrassed of ourselves in Vegas because everything seemed so outrageously priced!  We were like pissed that everything was a rip off.  I know that seems weird because of course it's that way- it's Vegas, losers.  But we couldn't get past it.

That said, we were happy when we found NY Stage!  After eating unhealthy choices like Sbarro's for a couple days, it was nice to eat a yummy veggie wrap in a spinach tortilla.  My stomach was so grateful.  My husband ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and said the meatballs tasted homemade.  We loved this place's food, but the price even more- we got out of there spending less than $20, which was otherwise almost impossible in Vegas.
Carnegie Deli next door at The Mirage is way better than the at best mediocre stuff they're pushing here.  I lived in NYC for 10 years and this isn't even close a 3 star place there.  Thin sandwiches, stingy portions of meat and wtf are they doing with the toast there?
Wandering aimlessly around Caesar's Forum Shops, broke and ravenous, one of my girlfriends smelled something wonderfully meaty: 'twas Stage Deli.  We looked at the decent prices and barged in.  At first, we were confused because of the odd dichotomy of what seemed to be an on-the-go deli counter and full-out sit-down restaurant.  Cool beans, it's both.  

All of us decided upon the open-face sandwiches, because they're named after famous people and just sounded awesome. Sides include either mashed potatoes, potato salad, steamed veggies, or french fries.  I ordered the Andre Agassi, a hoagie piled with roast beef and with a side of au jus dipping sauce.  The au jus sauce MADE that dish--not salty at all, but savory and like liquid meat to me.  Which sounds gross but was pretty good.  Even the veggies were good, with this teriyaki-tasting sauce.  My friend ordered the steak sandwich, the name of which evades me, but it was true to its name and a whole freakin steak came out.

Overall, this place was great : casually hearty food for a great price and splendid portions.   If you're craving meaty sandwhiches, go here!
It is fairly inexpensive place to eat breakfast in Vegas.  I had breakfast and lunch at this restaurant.   Breakfast was decent and lunch was just ok.

I have to admit that I am spoiled.  Having eaten smoked meat most of my life in Montreal (Schwartz's, Smoke Meat Pete's, Lesters, Snowden Deli).....Stage Deli just doesn't compare.

It was an ok sandwich and the price was excellent.  Having lunch for around $10 in Vegas is a bargain.  I give it a 3-star because of their price and breakfast was decent.    If you ever want a real melt in your mouth smoked meat (pastrami) sandwich, visit Montreal.  It's even better than Carnagie Deli in Manhattan.
We have been to the Stage in LV about 6 times over the past 5 years or so.  Sandwiches are always good.  I always enjoy the Reuben.  There is nothing stingy about the sandwiches here.  The matzo ball soup is good also.  The potato pancake has gone down hill.  Stay away.  They are now like a big, flat fried cake.  There are no strings of shredded potato anymore????  Not a place for a "light" lunch but if you have late dinner plans, go for it.
Oh!  Not good for us!  We came in on a Friday night, around 9ish.  The place was empty and our table was sticky.  2 stars for attentive service but the food????   With so many other choices why go here?
We hit this place at least once everytime we visit Vegas.  The pastrami sandwich is deelish!  Hubby swears by the beef brisket sandwich.  The matzo ball soup is amazing!  We also love that they offer a container of kosher dill pickles to their cleintele the way other eateries offer bread or chips and salsa.  These pickles are HUGE and tasty!  

Breaksfast here is also tasty.  I recommend the lox platter.  My better half says to go with the oatmeal.  Friendly staff, fun scenery, tremendous people watching.
This is one of the best bangs for your buck in terms of Vegas restaurants. I really like their open faced sandwiches - I had the pastrami this time around. The portions are gigantic. The pastrami sandwich was not bad, albeit a bit more dry than what I remember it was previously. Normally, I would say the potato pancake is to die for, but this time, it wasn't very good - it was really hard and rather dry. It tasted a bit stale.

The strawberry milkshake I had was not bad, but it definitely wasn't very good - I was craving a milkshake, which is probably why I liked it more than I should have.

I'll try this place again... just a bit disappointed it wasn't so good this time around. Service was nice, but I'm not sure why they didn't bring the pickles around (we didn't feel like asking). Overall, decent place for a casual bite (with HUGE portions that you can probably share).
Been here twice this week... first time I was playing a poker tournament and stopped in to grab a sandwich.  The sandwich was delicious, and huge, but took way too long to make.  I had the David Letterman, which was a huge pile of turkey and a bunch of bacon with tomato, triple decker style, for $10.99.  Came with a pickle and potato salad.

Went again after seeing Elton John with my family.  I just had a coffee, but they had soup and dessert.  One of the desserts was so stale we had to send it back (strawberry shortcake).  Our server barely spoke English, so that was an ordeal.

Long story short, this place is pretty decent and a good cheap(er) alternative to the fancy restaurants in Caesars Palace.  But don't make a trek over here for a meal... there's better places to eat if you don't happen to be inside the mall.
Every visit to Vegas I try to hit Stage Deli. I had my food mixed up and ordered the wrong item but the corned beef was okay. 

Overall a tasty food place, always packed during launch. They are open late and are quick after dinner for a tasty bite.
we were recommended to this place by our friend.. its a big cafe like place.. affordable.. they had a special with a soup, half sandwich, and potato salad.. big portions... the sandwich was kind of plain i though.. just 2 pieces of bread with some cheese and a TON of meat..  the clam chowder soup was well worth the money... only $10
I think the Stage Deli is closed.  Boo hoo!  I loved eating breakfast here because it was so quick and the food was always good and reasonably priced.  They also had some majorly giant cakes on display too.  We're talking multiple layers, can't fit all the layers in your mouth in one bite, type of cakes here.  I never had the opp to try a slice because I had only eaten breakfast here, but I sure was tempted.

Unfortunately, when I stopped by on my most recent excursion I noticed the location had been boarded up.  No signs indicated whether they moved or if some new business was taking over.  I hope I am mistaken and that they are either renovating or opening in a new location.  Sniff!
I am so sad this place is closed.  I loved their sandwiches and bucket of pickles that they would put on the table.  And their cheesecake was to die for.  We asked the hostess at Cheesecake Factory how long they have been gone, and she replied about a year now and that we would just have to settle for Cheesecake Factory now.  Ummm....I don't think so.
My husband and I were looking for a great place to get some meatball heros. My husband is from New York.  

Cheesecake is awesome, save your self some money on cheesecake. For go cheesecake factory (across the way from stage deli) and get some great cheesecake from here.
I am so bummed that this place is closed. It was at least half of the reason my husband and I would ever visit Vegas.
My husband and I frequent the one in NYC on 7th and it is wonderful.  This franchise in Caesars was absolutely HORRIBLE.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash and it looked like a rat had taken a dump on my plate.  We took a picture of it and took it to NY and they were quite disguested at how someone could allow this to be served.  The wait staff was less than accomodating (we had heard from the area shops was normal) so we just left.  No tip, nothing.  Will never dine here again.   THEIR NICKNAME WAS  "THE RAT DELI".  Thank goodness they were closed down.
It was cheap and popular with the Jews, so it had to pretty fucking good. And now it is dead, replaced by inferior, more expensive imitations. 

Good night, sweet Stage Door Deli. You are missed.
CLOSED.  This deli is closed and gone.  At least the one in Vegas (don't know about the NYC one).  When we asked the guard on duty at Ceasar's Shops at the Forum Where the Deli went, she said that 1-1/2 years after its closure, she is STILL asked by a large no. of guests every day as to where the deli is-- she said more people ask her about the deli than anything else.

Too bad, I love Deli food, and we had eaten here 5 years ago and loved it.    If you have a "Deli craving", you might go to Carnegie Deli in the Mirage Casino and Hotel on the strip...  very small, but huge sandwiches and decent deli food.
The service was good, the subs tasted just like the ones I ate in Jersey. Much better than subway. They slice all the meat and cheese when you order the sub, and you can definitely taste the fresh difference!
I am not a sandwich person but I do enjoy the occasional grinder. This place is just OK if you ask me. It is just cold cuts sliced really thin and assembled in the store. Nothing to get excited about. I do not get the fascination with cold cuts.
Jersey Mike's is a chain....alright get all your prejudices out. Now that you're hopefully thinking from a logical and rational place, go and enjoy this particular Jersey Mike's on Charleston because what you'll find is a tasty and inexpensive sub shop.  The kids who man the shop are friendly, accommodating and it seems to be the kind of place thats a great fit for the Summerlin community.

Im a huge fan of the Ham and Capicola, but in reality all the sandwiches are tasty.  They slice the meat when you order and for all of you that think that doesn't matter, ask ANY reliable chef and they will tell this locks in the freshness better than the Subway/Quizno method of pre-slicing individual portions.  Make sure you get the sandwiches "Mikes Way" which tops it all with a healthy dose of oil and balsamic vinegar.  This dressing really brings the 'wiches together.  They have an equal amount of hot sandwiches and cold ones and the bread they use is decent (wish that part was better).

Im not going to speak for all Jersey Mike locations but this one is run the way a store should be run.  Great spot also to grab a to go lunch if you're heading up for an afternoon of activities in Red Rock Canyon as it son the way.  Alright all you chain haters, you can go back to hating, Ill just continue appreciating....
Heaven.

Literally....

Im a sammich snob.. I want my bread and my meat to taste great.. not one or the other.

Up untill the other day, I was a panera bread LOVER. 

They have the best bread EVER. But, I have to say Im reformed and totally going full hog with Jersey Mikes.

I had the Chicago club, spectacular! My wife had the cali club with guacamole and I finished..ok..STOLE the other half of her sammie after I inhaled mine. 

Food this good tends to be eaten in a rather quick fashion, so it needs to have alot of flavor due to speed at which its being consumed so you can actually taste it.

Wow, we cant wait to go back and try the others cause I totally was about to trip a bitch and steal her GIANT pastrami on Rye.. lol

The only downside is that I didnt get asked if I wanted chips or fruit with my meal so I got stuck with crinkle chips..EWW!

But the other half got fruit and that shit was soooo sweet and delicious! Didnt taste like colorful water, the pinapple, melon and strawberrys were hella juicy and tasty.. 

The other down side.. it aint cheap. lol  22 bux for the both of us so do the math. 

But we will be back, maybe to grab a sammie on the way to bonnie springs.. or a family hike in Red Rock when its not africa hot outside lol
I've gotten subs from jersey mikes before and gave them another chance after consecutive lukewarm experiences. However I got the wrong sub and am regretting it again. Their breads are way too soft to be making pastrami sandwiches with thousand island dressing and it was soggy and non-edible. the meat was ok but not all the hype they get. Again, maybe I got the wrong sandwich but I'm surprised they even make it like that. Id rather go to Jasons deli.
I really like jersey Mike's.  It's very clean and the food is always fresh.  But what really keeps me coming back is the bread.  I love the bread here it's not overtly soft or crunchy.  The Italian is great also the Turkey and provolone.
Was in the area and stopped by at 10:30 am for an early lunch the other day.  I had the #13 Original Italian Sub (Provolone, Ham, Prosciuttini, Cappacuolo, Salami and Pepperoni) $6.95 done Mike's Way (Onions, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Vinegar, Oil and Spices).  I had a bag of Jalapeno Chips and a Bottle of Water to wash it down.

Since i was probably one of the 1st orders of the day, it was really fresh....especially the Bread.  It was easily the best Sub Sandwich I've had at Jersey Mike's, ever.

Will I return?  Yep, sure will.
Good service. My favorite sandwich is Mos def the big kahuna.
friendly staff.  good food.  great location.  bad parking lot. so in the end, worth a trip!  the food prep does take FOREVER...but the end result is great.  my sister LOVED this place.
Love this place.  As far as I'm concerned, they have the best cold subs around.  Really great bread - has a nice crispy exterior but isn't so hard that when you bite the sandwich filling spills out.  It's really a nice sandwich bread.

Really fresh and tasty veggies.  Tomatoes are nice and juicy and still have flavor unlike, say, Subways or Capriottis.  Lettuce is nice and crisp and their pickles have a little bite to them.

Really enjoy their sandwiches.  Their hot sandwiches are ok but I wouldn't go out of my way for their cheesesteak.

But the cold sandos are really good.
Well, this definitely is no Capriotti's. I hate when sandwich shops totally disregard the importance of bread. Bread. Its more than the transport mechanism for meat, people. So many places cheap out and serve us basic flavorless bread substance, and continue to serve it even after its gone a bit hard and stale. I effing hate that. 

*Bread - yuk. I had to peel most of it off and toss the hard ends. Thanks.
*Tried the chipotle cheese steak and the king cheese steak - decent, but won't bring me back. Jalapenos don't take the place of sweet/hot Italian peppers. Sissy-level heat.
*Service - great, but can't compensate for mediocre food.
Jersey Mikes is a small chain of sub shops based on a store in New Jersey (duh). 

The sandwiches are about average. Nothing about the sandwich is excellent, but nothing is poor. 

Every now and then I'm in the mood for a sandwich and it's a decent option.
I really really like this place!! The dudes are hella silly and totally take care of you. I got the medium Capicola, ham, but with swiss! I was in love!! They need to put a little more meat, but none the less it was yummy!! 

The bread is super good, and I wanted more!! The downfall is that its pricey! In Colorado you can get the same sized sub for 3.45$ (and it has more meat) For this bad boy I think its was like 6.45$!!! If you add a drink and some chips its a 10$ meal! Hot damn!

If you are ever in Pueblo, CO go to a place called Collettes, it blows capriottis, jersey mikes, and any other sub place out of this universe!

They gave us some free pb cookies which was gnarly. 

I'd go back, but I'm still on the search for a super yummy, not breaking the bank, sub!
Always a consistent sub from Kevin and his staff.  Never had a poorly made sandwich there.
I agree with the earlier poster, "the dudes here are silly," which is fine, as they told me "whats the point of going to work if you can't have fun?"

I  ate there twice this week, the service was fast and friendly. The food was really good compared to other shops like Subway, Togos, and Quiznos. The food still tastes like its from a  smaller chain, and tastes less processed.

I really enjoyed the food, but the prices are a bit high for a sandwich. I will have to check out the location in my hometown to see if its the same. Maybe the prices are higher because its in what appears to be an upper scale area of  Las Vegas. I will definitely be back to a Jersey Mikes soon, however I don't know when I will be back in Vegas again.

If you live in Vegas near the Spring Valley area, then stop here and skip the Subway..
Love Jersey Mike's. The sandwiches are nothing fancy, but the freshness is what makes the quality. I always go with a turkey provolone with their signature chipotle sauce. The staff here is very friendly... maybe even a little flirty... free drink! :-)
We love Jersey Mikes! It's one of our favorite sandwich places and would rate it higher if there was one in Henderson. I would suggest the pastrami as its the best. Got to get it mike's way!!
Me and this particular store have been this love/love relationship for years. When I was personal assistant for some millionaire, this was the place I would go get the sandwiches for his Friday lunch meetings. And since then I never forgot the kind of service I would get them.

Nothing on the menu is bad. I feel like this is the best chain sandwiches in the USA. I love their roast beef and pepperoni sandwiches Mikes Way. But their best sub is there Roast Beef Turkey Club (with mayo) MIkes Way. Their bread is something that Subway needs to notes on. The price is a bit higher than most places, but its worth it.

I am not being bias since I am from NJ... Ok, maybe I am.

What are you doing.... GO EAT!!!!
so the man taking my hubby's order mentions that he should have a veggie sand...why you may ask?  cause he's overweight.  worst customer service ever.  NEVER WILL BE BACK.  this is no joke.  seriously now.  this really happened.
Wow, just tired the special hot sandwich (they called it the "Oliver Special")... simply amazing!  I've been going to this store for lunch a while and pretty much everything on the menu is awesome, but this one was worth Yelping about.  Meats and cheeses are sliced for you when you order.  Costs a bit more than Subway but worth it!  will be back!
They are always consistently good sandwiches. There was a little issue the other day in which they couldn't make me the sandwich I wanted, so they comped me a substitute. That's the way to take care of your customers!
Food is ok, but the obnoxious loudmouths behind the counter insure I will take my sub business elswhere.
I've always been a fan of Jersey Mike's coming from Seattle. I was pleasantly surprised to find this location so close to home. Not much to say specifically about this particular outlet other than the service is friendly, and it seems like their bread is always a tad fresher than elsewhere. I'm a regular now and haven't had a bad experience here yet.
This place recently re opened. I love their beef sandwiches, but please please PLEASE starting cooking your beef better! Before it used to be all red and juicy and moist, like the perfect beef which set you apart to all other places, now its barely pink, overcooked and sometimes dry! I love you guys and how you used to cook it, but cook the beef for less time!
I had a very interesting experience at this location!  The girl behind the counter had a sense of humor, but it was a touch on the... ghetto side.  When I got done ordering my food she looks at me and simply says "No, you can't have that".  Ok, funny, ha ha.  Give me my f#$%ing sandwich.  

I ordered the Buffalo Wrap.  Now, I admit, I am not formally trained in sandwich manufacturing, but this item did not sound like rocket science.  Apparently I was wrong.  17 minutes later, and a really entertaining bickering session back and forth by the staff, my masterpiece arrives.  The wrap had a decent flavor - a bit heavy on the Buffalo sauce, but whatever.  They are getting 2 stars only because the wrap was good.  Not for service, not for humor.  

Best part is there was an older gentleman that ordered behind me that did not appreciate the "you can't have a sandwich" comedy skit and got into a bit of an arguement with the employee... to which she actually tried to defend herself.

Sorry, you get one shot - I won't be back.
Just got done doing some Christmas shopping and wanted to get a quick dinner for myself and the kids. I hadn't had Jersey Mike's for a while, so we decided to stop in. I go the #17 cheesesteak, my two oldest split a #13 Italian, and my youngest got the ham n cheese kids meal. Wasn't too bad, but wasn't as good as I remember it being. It is still better than Firehouse or Capriottis though. I guess I am just biased towards toasted subs and it is hard to find a good one in Las Vegas.
I'm giving this place 3 stars just because the services was just amazing. From the manager to the sandwich artist, to the cashier or the guy that cleans the floor, they were all very friendly and attentive.  Their sandwiches are not bad, but nothing I cannot make at home ( and I cannot cook).. to be honest subway is a lot better. However, If you are a simple person that do not care about especial flavors then I would recommend you to become part of their club as you can obtain a free sub after you purchase 11 or something like that..
Good deal on Saturdays and Sundays for any 2 subs with drinks and chips 12.99. Besides trash being on the floor and the staff mixing up orders, the subs were worth it.
First off, the bread is damn good. Yum. Seriously. Now, I bet the meaty subs are all so very great- my boyfriend says so, which is why he comes here, and took me here to try it. I got the Veggie sub. Sans veggies...apparently. It comes with a mountain of cheese- which is good, I love cheese, but the 'veggie' part is tomato, lettuce, peppers, and onions. That's it. That's all. A cheese and lettuce sub is really what it is, since the rest they are very stingy on.
They have a veggie wrap that has mushrooms in it. Why can't they put those on the sub?!
The lady we got mumbled, horribly, to the point where I had to keep asking "What?" and get a look from her. In the words of Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka..."MUMBLER!"
The quality is really good, the bread, cheese, everything is very fresh tasting, but I do not like that their Veggie sub is laking in veggies.
Yep, they are fast, friendly and delicious. I finally got my Italian Sub in a Tub, Mike's Way. I was a happy little lady! The store is clean and bright. They make their own meats and cheeses, which is impressive. For a chain, and the fact that I'm a persnickity when it comes to any Italian food, it does the job. Subway, you have been replaced.
Help! I am in parking HELL!  This parking lot is ridiculous shared with a Baja Fresh and a Starbucks so you can just imagine pure chaos.  So if you park your car safely and get in the door without being ran over its all downhill from there.  As soon as I walked through the door today I was greeted with a smile and a welcome from one of the employees that is cleaning in the seating area.  I've been to this location so many times and its funny because every time I am in there someone is cleaning or stocking the napkins therefore I can say this place is CLEAN!

So as I walk up to the counter to order, again I am greeted with a smile.  Man is it me or are these people frickin happy to work here?  Anyways, I order our sandwiches.  I ordered the turkey and provolone sub.  The "mini" is not all that mini...I would say its over 6 inches.  Totally enough and so filling.  The bread here is delish.  Its made fresh, kinda flaky and soft.  Definitely one of the best things about their sandwiches.  This time I tried their red pepper relish instead of mayo because I was told its FF-Fat Free and its a little spicy.  I like me some spicy and it gives it almost an Italian dressing taste.  Pretty yummy-I probably will order that the next time too.  The meat and cheese is sliced fresh in front of you and layered onto your sub.  They definitely do not skimp on ingredients I must say.  Huge plus.  So as I was checked out I had two guys getting the order together for me.  Over and beyond...do I feel so special.  hehe  I counted at least 5 employees working which is a lot considering how small this place is.  Guess they don't skimp on ingredients or customer service.  They are on top of everything.  I like it...I like it a lot!

On a side note I have had their chicken cheese steak which is delish.

So what I have noticed each time I have been here:

Someone is always cleaning the table areas (awesome)
Everyone is always smiling and willing to help (nice break from work)
Bread is freakin fresh as well as the ingredients (yummmay)
and the parking still sucks. (Grrrrr)  minus 1 star

See ya next time.
I had never been to Jersey Mike's before so when I walked in and saw them carving/ shaving (however it is you say it lol) their meats to order.. I thought that was just so darn cool.. I've never seen that at a chain sandwich shop before.. Even their veggies were constantly being replenished in small batches so it made everything seem fresh.. 
We tried the Buffalo Chicken & the Club Supreme wheat wraps & both were yummy! 

What made this trip 4 star worthy was the service.. All the line workers were polite, friendly, fast and even addressed everyone as sir & ma'am.. The manager in the white top was super nice too~ 

HOT TIP: you can make any sub into a wrap for the same price~
This is really a 4.5 star review. I love Jersey Mike's! When I walked in there were plenty of smiling faces and friendly employees. The taste of the food is important obviously, but customer service goes a long way and this location delivers when it comes to both of those things.

When looking at the menu board I was having the hardest time deciding what to order. So many of the subs were something that I would eat. The cool thing about that is, there will be something new I can try out when I go back, so I could end up with a few favorites to rotate between. They offer a "Sub in a Tub" for those of you who do not like your meat between bread. You can just pick any sandwich on the menu and they will make it the same way they would on a sandwich, but put it in a bowl minus bread for you. They have a variety of "Wraps" to choose from. The sandwich sizes are mini (4 1/2 inches), regular (7 1/2 inches), and giant (15 inches) and the bread options are wheat or white. The bread is baked fresh at each location. 

One of the workers suggested "The Original Italian" since it was their most popular sub. It sounded delicious so hubby and I decided to split one of those. The giant for this sandwich was priced at $11.95 and then it jumped to $13.95 before tax with the addition of extra cheese. It had provolone, ham, prosciuttini, cappacuolo, salami and pepperoni. Jersey Mike's uses quality meats and slices it fresh right in front of you. I ordered it "Mike's Way" which means they add onions, lettuce, tomatoes, vinegar, oil and spices. The sandwich was very good! I will order this one in the future for sure. The flavors all melded so well together.

I was very impressed with the knowledge of the employees. The sandwiches on the menu that are numbers 43 and 56 have meaning. The number 43 is the football jersey of the CEO. Apparently he started working for Jersey Mike's (the original on the jersey shore) when he was a teen and ended up buying it later on and shaping it into what it is today. The number 56 is a nod to the year the first Jersey Mike's opened up.

They offer a "Shore Points" reward program. You can sign up and use a card or just give your phone number when ordering to accumulate points towards free sandwiches. 

Parking can be very frustrating at this location. It is tight in this area so please just be careful.

You can also place your order online or by phone.

Catering is available and they have a few different options for that.

Sign up for the e-club to get discounts.

Be hungry and ENJOY!
For someone who doesn't eat out a lot this place is awesome. Staff is very friendly for a small shop, and you can tell they took the time to make my hot sandwich fresh. Great little atmosphere as well.
These subs are actually pretty tasty. The bread is the key. Not much else to say .If you want a change from the usual pizza or chinese food this is a nice alternative.
Honestly, best sandwich / sub place. I was driving around all day taking care of some personal affairs and I decided to stop in for the first time and give it a try. Great little place. Awesome friendly staff, great food, friendly people and a great clean location. Honestly if you have not tried it, you should take the time to stop in and try. 

Thank You Jersey Mike's for a great experience and great food.

Will be back for sure.
Sincerely:
Charlie.
As I was eating my sandwich from here for dinner last night I remembered how I am amazed a sandwich that tastes so good comes from a chain. Jersey Mike's can't be compared at all with Subway or Port of Subs. I had the Original Italian and it tasted great. One time at band camp... oops I mean at Subway they were out of every bread except for wheat so I went with it and surprisingly liked it so I asked for wheat bread this last time and really liked it. The workers are cool and make your food in front of you and get it out quick. You can sign up for their rewards program and earn free food with purchases.
Ohhhhhhhhhhh about this place, I can write & write million little things about jersey Mikes. MY ALL TIME FAVORITE SUB PLACE IN THE WHOLE Wide world lol. My favorite, the Club Tuna & the Italian. The best way is the Mikes Way, I just really wish they didn't have so many different ppl working there. I feel like the employees can be a lil bit more professional but the subs comes out looking delicious & tasty. I have been going to this jersey mikes for last 4 years & I have seen customer service went from bad to good. I swear the food saves this place guarantee every time.
Jason's Delis are like little signs from god/s/ess/esses that he/she/it/they love(s) us.  (Trying to be all inclusive here.)  I mean, seriously, you can look at the world and see war, famine, prejudice and wonder where the divine is in all that, but then I charge you to go to Jason's Deli and get a baked potato the size of a football.  Therein lies the divine, people.

But really, to stop with the blasphemy, Jason's is just rad.  The lines can get long if you go at lunch time rush hour, but that's because this place is darned good, people.  Plus, the line always moves quickly.  Everything I've ever got here is delightful, but I'm pretty partial to their broccoli cheese soup (oh, sweet baby Jesus), the California Club (sprouty sprouty yum time), the Beefeater and, when I dine in, I'm always hittin' up their bangin' salad bar.

Plus, once my friend Jen and I went and had the best summer afternoon meal of our lives when we saw a man dressed as Elvis and a pirate AT THE SAME TIME.  The aforementioned delicious broccoli cheese soup almost came out of my nose.  If the food didn't keep me coming back, the possibility of seeing Pirate Elvis again sure would.
Jason's is awesome. I love the spinach veggie wrap. I get it EVERY time, and it's always good. This is a perfect place for a business lunch, or just a lunch with your co-workers. It's popular for the UNLV fac/staff crowd. They have a business card bowl, so bring your cards.
my friend and i just happen to find this place accidentally when our plane home was overbooked and the airline placed us at some cheap hotel off the strip..but i will forever thank the airline for that because of them i have found the most amazing deli this world has ever seen ..im serious.. i got the club royale sandwhich and the plane jane potato and i swear i had died and gone to heaven ! !
I've been going to this place since I graduated college in '02.  I never ate in a deli before so this was my first experience.  Boy am I glad I went!  This place is always busy for lunch, so that's a pretty good sign the food is good.

Their menu was big, with lots of sandwiches, po'boy subs, paninins, BIG (I mean like almost foot long big) baked potatoes, soups, wraps, pasta, and even a full service salad bar with all the fixins'.  I had never been there before so I asked what suggestions they had.  The order taker told me to try the 'New York Yankee'.  It is a sandwich made with pastrami and corned beef on rye bread, with Swiss cheese and mustard.  It also came with chips and a pickle.  It was a great first choice, this bad boy was huge!  The sandwich itself was like 6 inches in height.  The pastrami and corned beef were moist and flavorful, and went great with the Swiss and rye.  Not half bad for only $7.99.

Their sweet tea is pretty bomb too, almost as good as Raising Cane's.  Cane's is better mainly because of their pellet-shaped ice.  Their salad bar is nothing to laugh at either.  Lots of fresh choices, and even whole hard-boiled eggs which were great (unlike Sweet Tomatoes where they shred it up).  They even have free Garlic Toast and mini muffins, as well as various crackers that are complimentary to all patrons.  Not just that...but they also have free soft serve ice cream!  Well, free if you buy something to eat.  On second thought, I never asked if ice cream came with everything on the menu.  I kinda just helped myself to the machine everytime I ate there.  Nonetheless, I never got busted for it.  So.....therefore, it must be free!

Not a bad place to have a great lunch with a bunch of your friends.  I would have given this place 5 stars, but I went there recently for dinner and found out the portions aren't quite what they used to be.  It was rather slow with no one in there.  Instead of my 6 inch high sandwich, this time is was maybe an inch shorter.  Boo.  This time the soft serve ice cream machine was broken too.  Double Boo.  So stick to this place for lunch, with busier crowds they tend to do better food.
I really loved the wheat bread my turkey sandwich came on. A friend brought me lunch while I was at the hospital with my sister and this really hit the spot. The fresh bread was the highlight but I'd definitely return.
went their once and ordered the jane potato, it was huge, i like it.
I love sandwiches from deli style places. Soup is great as well. 

I recently tried the muffaleta and a pastrami and turkey sandwich and was delicious. Definetely going to go back and try something new. I went for lunch on a weekday and from the crowd inside had to be good food. I was not disappointed.
Jason's deli is so yummy and serves huge portions! They're baked potatoes are loaded with so much goodness and they're seriously like huge, giant potatoes. I'm gonna post a picture :) The prices here are very reasonable for the quality and quantity. They also have a bar of garlic toast, muffins, crackers and all this other little stuff for free! and free soft-serve ice cream! so great :)
Jason's Deli is great!

They have a fantastic menu with food that will keep you begging for more, actually, with the size of the sandwiches that are here, you will make yourself sick if you get more. In addition to the sandwiches, Jason's Deli has a plethora of good drinks and salad bar accessories. In addition, they have a soft-serve ice cream machine, which is free when you get the salad bar. 

Definitely a borderline 5 star restaurant, but the one major thing that holds me at 4 is the fact that they do not have sourdough bread (my favorite). I think sourdough is a pretty common type of bread and I don't think carrying sourdough bread is not a whole lot to ask from a deli of all places.
Great place to have lunch. The sandwiches are awesome! The soups are always a hit and the salad bar has good variety. For a chain restaurant, not bad at all.
I love soups and sandwiches (especially when they're fresh) and I LOVE this place!  Great really large baked potatoes.  Workers are willing to walk you through having your sandwiches made with their fresh ingredients.  I always have left overs here.  I crave their food and love that the rumor is they're going to open another one closer to NW Vegas.  Casual place that is a sure hit.
I love this deli! Even though the restaurant is a national chain, the food is always fresh, reasonably priced, and consistently delicious. 

My favs are the Nutty Mixed Up-Salad, Club Sandwich, and the Tomato Basil soup. I love ending my meals with their complimentary soft serve ice cream. Kudos to whoever came up with that idea.
This place is a bit confusing when dealing with the line but other than that it's a great place! The sandwiches are big and full of great stuff! They even give you a mint with your food! They have a zesty stone ground mustard that adds a zing without an over powering mustard flavor.The sandwiches are messy goodness so don't wear your best shirt haha!
Great food, great selection, and good prices for lunch. Also room for seating if you have a larger group. The soup is good and the sandwiches also. They have a salad bar which looks good. Bonus is they have free ice cream for desert!
Yum.  As far as deli sandwiches, this is pretty much as good as you can get for this price.
They can't be blamed for panhandlers(it's Maryland pkwy near campus) nor the lady in front of me bickering over whether some item was 4 or 5 dollars some time ago; but they can be for a bowl of lettuce, sandwich meat and cheese which I believe is some farce of a chef salad.  To add insult to injury, I believe I paid over 7 dollars for it, although you'll catch me dead before you see me in line arguing about it.  There are plenty of tables open here though, and the food followed me to the table (once the lady resolved to speak to the manager).
This place is awesome. I first visited way back when I was a student at UNLV. Now I just go to grub when I am in town. I so wish they had one in South Orange County...but it would probably get F'ed up like many things that make it to the OC...Jason's Deli is my single favorite deli spot because they consistently bring the good eats. I have been to Jason's Deli's all over but this one I give 5 stars because it  iswhere I first experience the yummies that they offer up... Most notable dishes(for me anyways) Plain Jane Baked Potato, Salad Bar, Muffaleta,,Chicken and Sausage Gumbo, and o yeah free soft serve..
Stopped in Vegas on our way home to San Diego but didn't want to deal with a casino. Jason's was a perfect choice! 5 min off the freeway. Huge sandwiches, fresh, natural foods, yummy soups, salad bar and a free soft serve cone for everyone!  I'm not usually a fan of chain restaurants, but Jason's is an exception.
This is one of my favorite Deli's (next to Capriottis). Even though the restaurant is a national chain, the food is always great! I am never disappointed. I look for consistency in my food (esp if i repeatly order it... i want it to taste the same way as last time),  and fairly priced. 

t's a  fairly busy deli (esp since this one is located near the University). All items are advertised as free of artificial trans fat, plus a section of "slimwiches." 

My company has used Jason's deli several times as well. We all order different things, and we all seem to be very happy everytime.
I recommend this place for office meals as well.
Eastside @JasonsDeliLV on Maryland Pkwy-Deli sandwiches,soups and salad bar.

A little pricy but damn good. Everything is made-to-order and they have a wide selection of vegan options to boot.

With so many sandwich options in the Valley Jasons is good but for my $ not so memorable.

I enjoyed the CHILI and the POT ROAST MELT!
Reliable, fresh and tasy. The corn bread muffins on the salad bar are a treat.
Great food consistently. Just a bit expensive for half orders. But you can always, always, depend on the food to taste great. And the frozen yougurt's free!!
I was jonesing a sandwich today for lunch, so I tried to go to a near Swenson and Twain, but it was closed.  So I opted for a known commodity, Jason's Deli.

I ordered the New York Yankee, which is my favorite sandwich they have.  The place was moderately busy for the noon rush hour, but my food came out relatively quickly.

Will I come back?  Of course, it's one of my favorite places.
Oh come on.  Jason's deli.  Are you kidding me.  Terrible place.  I'm always amazed at how popular this place gets. I guess advertising works.
The food was good and the service was interesting. I ordered a pasta dish and asked for pine nuts to be added and it came out with almonds. then they tried to tell me they were pine nuts... i don't think so. It really wasn't a big deal, I'm sure it would have been fine with almonds, but the general manager, Evan, came over anyway. He said the pine nuts are only in a pesto sauce. Apparently the chick who took my order had no clue what the difference between pine nuts and almonds were and told them to put "the sliced nuts" in my pasta. The GM remade my pasta and even brought my boyfriend and me and some cookies on the house. My boyfriend's sandwich was really good too, it was the chicken pesto panini.
First off, I found the layout confusing when I went to pay. Despite having 2 registers at the to-go counter, I was directed to the salad bar with a diminuitive smile and told 'There aren't actually any registers here'. She probably meant that they weren't on, sooo whatever. Not a huge deal but worth mentioning.

I got the muffaletta sandwich with salami for the boy. It was on thick, flavorful bread with cheese, olives, hearty portions of salami and what tasted like pepperoncini. It came with a bag of chips and a cup of soup [I opted for the tortilla] for about $8-9 after tax. The soup was really tasty, made with beef and full of rich umami flavor and vegetables. I saw tomatoes, carrots, corn and lots of herbs. 

The sandwich was a generous portion and I like that it came with two sides. I find this comparable to Quizno's 2 items for $6. I'd say this restaurant is much higher quality, though. For a dollar or two more you can get an organic salad topped with a delicious array of toppings. I would like to go in sometime for their salad bar, it looked quite promising from what I could see. My veggie-lovin' self could have an orgy of produce on my plate and be stoked! It looks like a lot of it is organic, too, which is a great thing to see in the middle of the desert.  

I like that they serve Sweet Leaf teas in the bottle, I haven't seen them anywhere else!
Went yesterday and was blown away by this place!! Delicious sandwich!! I ordered the Sgt. Pepper which has french dip. Yum! Ill be back this sunday, cant wait!
I found this place by accident and I'm happy I did.  They have an extensive menu and it might be a bit overwhelming but I highly suggest the Italian Cuz po' boy and the Texas chili!  Now I have only been there a couple of times and I have not ventured outside of the two dishes I listed above so I can't comment on everything but I can say these two items are done very well.  Great for lunch!
Fabulous!  I went there twice during this trip!  Everything I had was good!  I'm def gonna have to make this a regular stop every time I'm in Vegas!
This place is pretty good! I wanted something decently healthy, cheap, and quick so I decided to try Jason's Deli. I got the turkey wrap and was pleasantly surprised by how good it was! I also got the broccoli cheddar soup which was delicious. The menu has a wide variety of food items to choose from which is great. Only downside - it was kind of pricey considering the amount of food I got. The wrap was realllllly small and wouldn't have satisfied me if thats all I got. However, overall, it was pretty good! Recommended!
Ok for the price. The french onion soup and pot pie soup were tasty. The sandwich was something I can make at home. Nothing exciting here folks but at least there are vegan options and the produce is fresh. The chips are like a more greasy Ruffle so I left most of those on my plate. 

While we were here we sat at the corner table near the restroom and one of the employees walked around the corner cursing in Spanish. I didn't think anything of it until a minute later when our table was flooded! My shoes were soaked on the bottom and the water gushed out the door and into the parking lot, gushing further into the restaurant and street. Hilarious but unfortunate event. Whatever plumbing issues aside, I still enjoy other sandwiches and chips over Jason's Deli.

They also have catered a fundraising event at work and they wrapped very simple ham and cheese sandwiches with store bought loaf bread. Very weird thing to do, considering their sandwiches in store are way better and what better way to represent than serve your best? Meh.
So here's the breakdown: You order, they make it, you pay for it, choose your salad (good amount of choices but we don't usually get fillers, 'cause we're here for the yummy sandwiches) or soup, or other side, then choose your seat- lots of seating available (booths or tables). Afterward enjoy the free ice cream (also at the bar) -neat huh? 

Nice that there is a lighter menu listing calories (turkey reuben is pretty good at 510 calories and 13 grams of fat). Vegetarian items are denoted with a v on the regular menu. There is also a gluten-free menu (must ask). Sandwiches (specials or build your own- you choose everything), combos (choose full, half, or quarter sandwiches), wraps, soups, salads, potatoes, pasta, sides, fruit, kids menu, and dessert. For years, I've been curious about the muffaletta- meat or veggie, bread with zesty olive mix, antipasti, olive oil, & provolone cheese (featured on the Food Network). I might get it next time. 

Spacious (think tee pee), clean, casual place to get good sandwiches (pretty big too) at a reasonable price. Sometimes I bring home leftovers- eat only half the sandwich, depending on what I get. Bathrooms around the corner. 

It's been a while since we've been here, but we are fans. If the parking situation frustrates you (a complaint of my mil's), you can go to the other location in downtown, in that newer office building- you can see it off the 95 freeway.
love this place its like subway on steroids but way better . I dropped by the jasons down the st from Fremont , More expensive then any other sandwich shop but way worth it went there with my bf (boyfriend) and daughter we loved it !! It was a lil loud and busy
A-OK, is, well, a bit of an overstatement for 3-stars. I think that 3-stars might better read, for Jason's, as "Not disappointing if you know it's a cafeteria style deli that can't possibly do it all, but tries!?" And considering just how much they do in "to-go" business, I'd say they have to be doing something right. 

Why Jason's when I had all of Vegas as my "food pallet?" Again, like last night with Metro Pizza, I didn't want to miss American Idol's "pick of the top 24", and Jason's on Maryland Parkway was my solution to getting in at 645p, and getting out in time to return to the hotel by 8pm. The plan worked.

I did the corned beef and pastrami on rye with melted Swiss and Russian dressing. It was better than I expected; not the best, but it satisfied my "pickled brisket fixation." But it didn't stop there. I also ordered their broccolli and cheese baked potato. (Oy vay, what was I thinking?) Their baked potatoes are literally, the size of a small football..... no kidding. While the cheese was more of the "whizz" persuasion, the overall effect was a good "in your face with a 3 pound spud!" I also ordered a carrot cake and cheesecake slice. And NO....... I didn't eat it all. In fact, I only ate half the sandwich, 20% of the potato, and the Dr. Pepper with unlimited refills. The rest went into to-go containers, and will probably end up at the trade show tomorrow for our lunch. 

The thing that Jason's has in it's favor is that it's a "refuge" for the hungry. And typical to Vegas, it's an all-night kinda' place. You'll see a parade of interesting characters march into Jason's at just about any hour. And by my own words, I guess I contributed to that interesting parade. Don't think of Jason's as a NY style deli. Think of it as a super casual cafeteria with a "deli-bent." There's enough on the menu, and at the all-you-can-ingest salad bar, drink fountain and softee ice cream machine, that you'll never leave hungry. Just don't let the term "gourmet" cloud your expecations. Don't do that, and you won't be disappointed.
What more can I say about this place? It nearly ties with Panera Bread. Great food everytime you go and grubbin' salad bar. The one thing that I was not so keen on was that the line forms where a row of booths are and then sick people lean on the wall of your booth and cough and you really notice it when you are sitting in that booth. Long story short...Don't sit at the booth when you go there to eat.
Initially I thought that the UNLV area was lacking in good restaurants compared to other parts of town, but that is far from true. With so many university students around, this area caters to students who lack a large sum of money. There were three people in my party and our meal came out to roughly 17 dollars. 

They lack a menu board and once you look at the paper copy you will understand why. One of my friends almost cracked and cry under the pressure of finding what he wanted in the vast abyss of options. We had to tell two other groups to go ahead of us and then wing. He ended up getting egg salad and didn't seem too impress or disappointed. Another friend got the manager special, a half sandwich and soup combo. She also seemed satisfied. So you might ask why I gave it such a high rating. The reason, even though their sandwiches are nothing too spectacular, I love their salad bar. Although it is small, the selection of ingredients are high quality. The upkeep of vegetables are spectacular, giving the bar a vibrancy of colors. If  you are in search of a light lunch, you can order a side salad with a friend that is getting a sandwich because it only costs $4.49. Otherwise the $7.49 price is still a great deal for full reign over the whole bar.  When I want a sandwich, I will normally order the quarter turkey muff. This place is full of surprises, because a quarter is still humongous. It consists of a dense New Orleans' style muffaletta bread, topped with an olive tapenade, antipesti, and melted provolone cheese. For $6 and change, that is a steal.
I've been here a couple of times.  I try to avoid the M-F lunch rush.  Service is okay. Baked potatoes are huge.  Salad bar has more of a selection than other places.  

Tip: The soft serve is free.  Help yourself. = )
Good food at right price
I have been to various Jason's Deli.

I have always liked their sandwiches, salad bar, and soups.  

We are in Vegas for a wedding and decided to go to Jason's Deli for a quick bit to eat, it was getting late and we were hungry.  I am not sure what time the majority of Jason's Delis close, but this one closes at 9 PM.  We got there about 8:50.  I figure like most restaurants they will let us stay and eat even when they have "locked" the doors.  Which is kind of surprising they will close at 10, they aren't far off the Strip, and Vegas doesn't sleep...right?!  

We grabbed 5 bowls of soup, and a salad bar.  I chose the Seafood Gumbo.  It was ok, nothing compared to gumbo from N'awlins, but it was ok.  Not sure if it was the time or if this is how they always prepare it, but it was microwaved.  It wasn't hot(temperature), but it was sufficiently warm.  I also got the Salad bar, they were cleaning it up before 9 PM, so I had to be fast to get a few things.  I was a little disappointed, I know they want to be done with work and roll out ASAP, but at least wait until a customer is finished!  If they wanted to clean it up, they should have let me know so I wouldn't have ordered the Salad bar!    

For that reason alone I am only rating this location 3 stars.  Poor customer relations.  The food is still good, and I will visit another Jason's, just hopefully not 10 minutes before they close!
it's a typical deli/diner... but today i tried the chicken salad... and i do like the pineapple and almonds in the salad... slight bit of sweetness, moist, and smooth!  :)
I love this place, wrapini .... Sooo good! Please open one in orange county!!!!! Free muffins and soft serve! Oh and I left my phone at the table and the staff was nice enough to keep it for me! Xoxox!
I ordered from these guys when I have functions for my students and they are always so nice about delivering to UNLV which can be a pain in the butt b/c of parking. everything has always been fresh and they make a big effort to make sure things are kept cold if they should be cold and hot if they should be hot..super important..

A good place to dine in for lunch but when i do I go at 11:30 to avoid the rush..
My colleagues and I go out for lunch once a week and when someone mentioned "uh, Paymon's again?", someone else suggested Jason's Deli.  This was my first visit and I was pleasantly surprised.  We arrived around 11:30am, so it wasn't too busy, and immediately placed our orders.  I ended up getting the club lite sandwich sans cheese and pretty much inhaled it.  Yum!  The sandwich comes with your choice of side (I chose the fresh fruit).  Next time I come, I'll probably do the salad bar thing....I noticed a few people with dessert-like options (ice cream, graham crackers, etc).  

Service was friendly and the place looked clean.  Everyone there appeared happy to be there, including the staff!  The joint is a casual, cafeteria-like place, so don't go expecting prime rib and wine.  (However, your order is brought to you, which slightly elevates the vibe.)

Try the oatmeal-cranberry-walnut cookie.  It's homemade and it's SO GOOD.  Totally worth a repeat visit.
I am starting to become a usual at Jason's Deli.  I like their sandwiches because they are fresh and tasty.

I love ordering the managers 1/2 sandwich deal which comes 1/2 sandwich of your choice, soup, and the choice of chips or fruit.  Super yummy! Favorite soup is tomato basil, but i've tried others that are delicious like broccoli cheese, and the chicken pot pie :p

I recommend it! just beware that their sandwiches are packed with serious fillings (that is why i get the 1/2 of sandwich!) 

Enjoy! ooo and drop your business card off my friend won a gift card there last time we went! :D
Still really good! I had a 5.00 coupon for my birthday so I got a hot corned beef on rye. It was tasty. i also love that they have 4 kinds of fresh brewed tea..the black currant is so good and i have never seen it anywhere else..
I like this place more than my boyfriend does. We've had them deliver a few times, and even though it seems expensive for deli food, the quality has always been decent, and I appreciate the delivery. The quantities are huge. The muffalettas are yummy and gigantic!
Okay, I know this place is a chain but damn, Jason's Deli is the epitome of what a true sandwich, soup and salad resto should be!   They offer a nice variety of everything, not to mention a salad bar!

The s/o and I both ordered the Manager's Special which was half a sandwich and a cup of soup or salad.  I got the Club Royale, which was Turkey, Ham, Bacon and Swiss on a Croissant, which made a tasty sandwich.  I got it with a cup of French Onion soup, which was way delicious and surprised me 100x over as I had such low expectations for it.  But it was served correctly with the cheese melted on top and over, granted it wasn't melted to a slight brown crisp, it so fixed my craving.  The s/o ordered their Ruben the Great, which was piled on with Corned Beef and Pastrami.  At other sandwich spots,  you'd get that much meat for the whole sandwich, and this was just HALF!  The s/o opted for a side salad, which was one trip to the salad bar. The s/o came back with a huge smile saying it was the most awesome salad bar in a resto that he's ever been to, as apparently they had all these premium toppings, as well as dessert to boot.

Add two sodas, well, mine was technically their Sweet Tea which was freshly brewed and so bomb by the way; our bill came out to $20 and some change.  Not bad for a nice, quality, cafe style lunch!  The s/o was so impressed that the s/o was trying to figure out how we can come back before our flight back home!

Please Jason's Deli, open up a location in the SF Bay Area...preferrably around the Silicon Valley, thanks! :)  Show Panera how it's done!!!
This is a great soup, salad & sandwich place! They have a rather large venue and they do a good job of keeping majority of the tables clean. The employees were very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.

They have free garlic toasts & bread next to the salad bar. Free soft-serve ice cream!

Chicken Pot Pie soup is yummy. Looking forward to going back to try the Tomato Basil & Broccoli Cheddar.

My sandwich was nice and fresh. It could've used more mustard, because only some bites had it.

I also ordered a wrap, but in panini bread. They forgot to put it in the panini bread and served me a wrap. Not a big deal. Harmless mistake.

Good portion size. A half sandwich & soup fills you up.

Got a free cookie for filling out a quick survey on my phone.
Like all Jason's Deli Restaurants, the food is good.  I have a few issues with this particular spot though.  The restaurant area was very dirty and so was the salad bar.  There is nothing less appetizing than a dirty salad bar.  Makes me question how fresh the product is on the bar.  Also, the soft serve machine was disgusting.  So bad, I decided to pass on the soft serve all together. 

There are a lot of restaurant options in this part of town, I would probably find somewhere else.
Im a regular at this location. Everytime i come the sandwhiches and soup are always fresh and tasty . Great to say the salad is really good as well. I would recommed this place to any family or indivual that wants something fast, or even on your lunch break. Cant go wrong on jason deli.
Friendly fast service ;-)
Quick & Delicious Lunch with a great salad bar!
A Coworker recommended Jason's Deli. I just happened to see one when I was by Barnes & Noble. Why not try it.

  IMO they are kind of pricey. $9 something for a BLT with potato chips and soda is a couple dollars short of a full service restaurant. For a $7 BLT, at least give a choice of fries. Nearly $8 for the salad bar is not a bargain, when you could have all you can eat salad at any buffet. Even the worst of the worst buffets cannot ruin salad (well maybe a few)

  I rate the quality of the BLT, served on a double layer of wheat bread as high. The baked Lays is the same quality of the baked Lays I eat at home.

 This Jason's Deli is enormous. I appreciated that it was easy to find a table and that there were not people on top of me.

   I will pass over boasting over Jason's Deli to coworkers. There are better restaurants. My first impression is that Jason's Deli is good, yet nothing spectacular.
I love Jason's deli! The food is so delicious. If you want a nice meal and you do not have a lot of time I suggest Jason's deli. Their salad bar has a great variety to choose from. Their meals are big portions - I cannot eat all many times. I do not go on a dialy basis, however when I am looking for a place to be able to visit with someone and get a quick bite to eat Jason's deli is where I always tell people to meet me. I am familiar with their menu and it offers a wide range for whatever you may be hungry for, Soup, sandwiches, salad, fruit and so much more. My husband often gets their rueben and there is so much meat in that sandwhich! Me I love the salad bar, it is filled with so many choices to build an incredibly YUMMY salad plate. I never leave Jason's deli without feeling like I got my money's worth!
I asked on theknot.com for suggestions for catering to have food available while getting ready for my wedding.  Almost everyone suggested Jason's Deli.  

I called about two weeks before to see when would be best to order and she said the day before or day of was fine.  I explained that the day before my wedding was Thanksgiving, and she said that it was no problem.  So I called on Thanksgiving day and they were closed.  
So then I was a little nervous, but I called first thing the morning of and it was no problem.  I was a little annoyed because it was just one more thing I had to worry about on the day, but I think that if the wedding was any other day, other than the day before a holiday, it would have been fine.  

The food was awesome.  It was presented beautifully, it was fresh, and it was really good.   We got the wrap platter, the sampler platter, a veggie tray, & a platter with muffins, breads, and coffee cakes.  The only reason I gave them a 4 stars is because I also ordered juice, coffee, and cans of pop.  They forgot all the drinks.  So I had to call them, but they apologized profusely, and immediately sent out another delivery so it only took like 20 more minutes.

Recommended
I've been here quite a few times and I have to say its very good.  The food is tasty and plenty of it. The service is good to. I love how they give you free ice cream.  I recommend this place for a good sandwich that's out of the ordinary.
We walked in around 3:30pm on a Thursday and they were, surprisingly, pretty busy.  It was chaotic and unclear where you were supposed to order.  The person actually taking orders was doing so over a deli counter, not at a register like you would expect.  My husband ordered the zucchini grilled sandwich (see below) and I added the side salad (1 trip to the bar - $4.79) for myself.  The salad bar at Jason's is great - everything is fresh, I love the hummus, and you get unlimited crackers, pickles and pepperocinis (which makes me happy).  That is the only reason I won't give this place 1 star.  Here is the breakdown about the rest of our experience:

We paid $7 for the craptacular "zucchini grilled" sandwich.  Here is a break down of the MENU description vs. what we actually got:

-Grilled zucchini - the zucchini, which made up the majority of the sandwich, was steamed and soggy, not grilled whatsoever

-muenster - we asked for no cheese and the sandwich came drenched in greasy cheese, so I had to ask for it to be remade which took over 10 minutes.  There was no apology for getting the order wrong and they seemed bothered to have to do it over

-organic spinach - there were only a few small leaves, barely noticeable

-red onions - there was an excessive amount of onions

-roma tomatoes - it had tomatoes, but they were not romas

-kalamata olives - there were a few olives

-roasted red pepper hummus - their hummus is tasty, but the sandwich came with a tiny dab

-toasted on 9-grain artisan bread - the bread seemed like a wheat bread from the grocery store, not "artisan"

We requested baked chips and got the regular kind. When we mentioned it, they brought a small cup with some baked chips in it

Overall, the food was overpriced, service was definitely lacking.  I won't be back.
I love their sandwiches but ordered a fruit plate and a salad today.  I was under the assumption that if sulfites are in food (which is against the law in many states) they should let you know...well I ordered delivery and dug into a fruit plate and a salad and within 20 minutes I had bumps all over my mouth, my lips, tounge and throat hurt.  If I order again, I will stick to sandwiches and soup.  But right now I am ready to jump on my NO ADDITIVES bandwagon!
Unlimited pickles have arrived at jason's. The solo, lonely pickle on the plate has been abolished and now all sandwich ordering patrons can load up on pickles at the salad bar. They are decent pickles with a good crunch. Just imagine if every sandwich you ate in your lifetime came with unlimited pickles, how many per sandwich would you eat? I downed 7 of them with my $6.99 Papa Joe. The sandwich was turkey with roma tomato and pesto aioli and was good, despite being small as it was shoved onto a square of Herb Foccica bread about toilet paper size. There are places with better turkey around, so unless you love pickles, this chain will only be necessary when in a bind. Salad bar is good too on a previous visit, but just throw some chicken or protein on the thing and stop nicle and diming us for everything up there (pickles was just a start).
While Jason's has a pretty extensive menu I come here for one thing and one thing only. Muffalettas. I can't just take off for New Orleans, but thanks to Jason's I can grab a Muffaletta to go any time I start craving one and be thinking of my Bourbon Street memories in no time. 

This particular location is relatively clean, service is friendly and once you find a parking space they move you through pretty fast.
I had never been to a Jason's Deli before.  But, now that I have, I must say that I agree with the overall 4-star rating this establishment currently enjoys.  Chicken Noodle Soup with tender morsels of chicken, carrots, and thick noodles was hot and with a distinctly flavored chicken broth that was more robust than most.  My Ham & Hard Salami Quarter-Muffaletta was packed with meat that melded well with the minced olives and tasted great after being squeezed together by the top and bottom of the delicious yielding, toasted, and sesame-covered New Orleans style bun.

And, Diane's Beefeater was packed in a soft French Roll with even more lean meat and a huge expanse of well-melted Provolone Cheese.  A generous amount of hot au jus stood by in a bowl for serious dunking.  It was redolent of beef, with a rich flavor of meat juices that tasted great!  Pickle spears were good, but chips just the type that had been poured out of a commercially sold bag.

The place is nothing fancy, but it is serviceable and comfortable, with plenty of table and booth seating available to accommodate a large lunchtime crowd.  Table tops were continually in the process of being cleared and cleaned by a large and efficient staff as soon as a diner got up and began to leave.  

On this occasion I found a Quarter-Muffaletta to be adequate.  But next time I am going to attack a Half-Muffaletta, and see if I can handle it in one sitting.  A Whole-Muffaletta is a beast that would be more suitable for an episode of "Man vs. Food!"
Simple, healthy, and affordable.

Looking for something healthy to grab a quick bite. Well here you go. Jason's Deli has soups, salad bar, hot and cold sandwiches, and wraps to offer. Oh, I'm forgetting pastas. 
Look through the menu, order, pay the cashier, get a number, find a seat, and they'll bring the food to you. After a weekend of partying and barely having healthy options to eat, we found our way off the strip near the "ghetto side" of Vegas to a large plaza where Jason's Deli sits. I had the Mediterranean wrap with a side of steamed veggies. I enjoyed it, but the olives were too salty. Great eats before a long drive home to LA.


Cheers.
If you are looking for something healthy, here is the place! i always get the Cantina wrap and tomato basil they are the best! They also have a salad bar available. Did I mention that they also have soft serve ice cream? :)
Took forever for my chicken noodle to come, my husband had to get it himself. It was just sitting in the counter and when I tried it i was cold...IM SO MAD RIGHT NOW NEVER COMING BACK YO THIS PLACE EVER..oh yeah the last time I ordered something to go here my husband almost died from choking because there was like a bone or a toothpick in his Santa Fe chicken
This place is awesome! I love the decoration, makes me feel like I'm an NYC deli. Decided to go with the Salad Bar and am glad I did. Although they don't have "Sweet Tomatoes" quantity in ingredients, they have enough to make a good decent salad. Fresh 4 bean salad, pasta primo, and red pepper hummus are just a few of the toppings, love! they also have delicious corn muffins and pudding.

I also got a side of spicy tortilla soup which was good. All in all 4 stars for Jason's Deli!
Pretty good food, nice staff and average atmosphere.  The sandwiches are good sized, although my bf got the beefeater and said the roast beef was a little bland.  The Au Jus was great though.  The salad bar looked good and fresh.  The free ice cream at the end hit the spot!
Quick lunch spot with a plethora of options (in varying degrees of healthiness).  We were there with a group of 7 and everyone gave their varying sandwiches thumbs-up, which is a good enough endorsement for me!

I had the french dip and the chicken panini (split with a friend), and both really hit the spot.
We ordered our "getting ready" food for our wedding day from Jason's Deli because of all the rave reviews from The Knot Las Vegas message board. Well, those reviews were all correct. Jason's Deli is really awesome.

It was an easy process to place the platters order for 12 people. I called a couple days before and they took my order over the phone. They also took my credit card payment. On the day off, we had the best delivery driver ever. There was a shooting on the Las Vegas strip and they closed the whole entire strip. No cars allowed at all. Traffics were bad every direction on Las Vegas freeways. Our delivery driver called me every 15 minutes or so to update me where his location was so I wasn't panicked.

He got  there not too long after with our party platters. He was so nice, he even brought our food to our suite. The breakfast sandwiches were still warm. Fruits were fresh, and even the coffee jug was still warm. Everything were tasty and we were happy we had food while we were getting ready for our big day. It made me one less cranky bridezilla ;).

Thank you, Jason's Deli for the awesome service. We will recommend you to every single bride who's getting married in Las Vegas. Viva Jason's Deli!
Always excellent food and service
Came here because I wanted to check out a salad bar.  I love salad!  I would say it is just an average salad bar place.  Got some broccoli cheddar soup that tasted good but nothing spectacular.  I don't know if I would frequent this joint but it's an okay spot for a quick average lunch!
I have not yet been in but the customer service on the phone is awesome.
 We are having a MeetUp there, and the response and help so far has me very excited.
 I can't wait to go in on Sunday and eat!
Was just as good in person, friendly, good food, and air conditioning. A LOT of air conditioning. (Bring a sweater).
The beefeater is the sandwich of champions.  Unlike the joke you get at Subway they pile on the yummy beef!  It comes with chips but they only play a minor role.  The star of the show is the massive beef Po Boy sitting in front of you.  Paired with some amazing Au Jus this treat makes lunch a meal to remember.  
  My only disappointment with Jason's is they are not in California.  So when I am on travel I check to see if there is a Jason's nearby.  No matter what city you are in if there is a Jason's and you love delis line I do then you must give them a try.  I have tarried then at 15 different locations and have never been let down.  The Beefeater Po Boy calls my name soon as I walk in!!!
Food is consistently good, staff is always friendly... Only downfall this visit, they were out of EVERYTHING!!! Muffalettas, various breads, chilli, soups...  aside from that, one of my favorite lunch stops!!!
It was fine. Not amazing food but not expensive either. It was a good value overall; the loaded potato was giant and very good, the salmon sandwich was good if a little bland.
I love Jason's Deli but I haven't visited this one before (I can't believe I didn't visited this one until the last week of exams). I know the menu inside out and know how it should come out. So I was disappointed when my chicken pot pie in a bread bowl came to my table cold (not even lukewarm). It didn't even connect until half way done (studying and all).

But they're really accommadating. I didn't have to argue or plea my case. They simply took it back and just gave me a new order of my hot soup.

Verdict: I'll still come back. Great customer service and food.
Their French onion soup and Amy's Turkey o is a perfect match so damn dank! If you haven't tried Jason's deli you need to get on it,this has been of favorite of mine since my preteens haha (;
Love every item on the menu! The staff is great and the French onion soup is a must have for me here! It's quick, healthy and very affordable. It is super close to unlv so it does get really packed during lunch time when school is in session though but it's worth the wait!
I have always enjoy going to Jason's Deli. I haven't been in months,  but I have never been disappointed in any item that I have ordered.  My favorite thing to order is the el pollo mexicano....delish and portions are enormous ;)
What a great find! Just stumbled upon it and will definitely make the drive from N Las Vegas to come back. Fresh soups , salads and sandwiches. Very clean!
I live really close to this Jason's Deli so I tend to get delivery instead of dining in. The food is always on time and consistently amazing. Nothing like getting soup and a giant potato delivered to your front door! My apartment is pretty hard to find and they're always super cool about finding it and are always on time. The times that I have dined in or picked up my order, they've been really nice and showed wonderful customer service. Overall, love this place!
Great place to have a tuna melt. It is very delicious and nutritious. 
The Texas chili hits the spot every time.
Just some regular white people cuisine.  Nothing you can't make at home.  Shows how lazy those people are.
This is a great alternative to fast food. I have only had the salads. They use fresh ingredients and offer several different salads, soups and sandwiches. I tried the new salmon salad and wouldn't get it again. Only because the salmon is drier than I prefer. 

PROS: Pineapple Chicken salad
            Nutty Salad
            Fresh ingredients
            Free ice cream while you wait.
Decent food. It's hard to get light healthy food around here. I do wish the salad were a bit more fresh. The blonde manager shouldn't be managing anything other than her attitude. Other than that it's good. I do like the tall heavyset guy that works here he's a sweet heart. Also, the Black tall guy, he's incredibly sweet!
Went to Jason's for the first time yesterday. The food was excellent, the service was good, and it has a good vibe inside. A more accurate score would be 4.5, but Yelp does not allow giving half stars. So, Jason's Deli gets 4 stars from me. You order at the counter, but food is then brought to your table. Restaurant was also very clean.

I had the Mediterranean Wrap, with Mixed Vegetables on the side. EXCELLENT!!
My wife had "The Plain Jane", which is a baked potato. And, it is definitely not plane. I tried some of it, and it was awesome. And, I'm not a big fan of stuffed baked potatoes.

We also had ice cream cones, which are free, and a few mini muffins, which are free with any entree. We had plenty of food, yet we were not feeling bloated or overstuffed upon leaving.

This place gets extra points from us because the veggies are organic, and the chicken breast is free of anti-biotics. Prices are also very reasonable. We definitely plan to go back, as there are plenty of other things from the menu that each of us want to try.
Long time local fav.  See for yourself !! Have been going here for about 10 years +. Always consistent.  Everything in the menu is top shelf.
One of my favorite places for lunch!! Went for lunch today with my roomie. She had the beef stew.. tasted it and it was really flavorful and beefy. I had the light club sandwich which had a hearty portion of turkey and ham on it, with side of fresh fruit that's served with a sweet delicious yogurt and a cup of the vegetarian vegetable soup. Soup was ok- I usually get the chicken pot pie soup which is absolute bliss. But I have to say I was sooo impressed by the FRUIT!!! It was the freshest I've ever had in a deli restaurant ever!!! Melon and cantaloupe yumm but the strawberries!!! Unbelievably sweet strawberries!!! OMG who is their produce buyer??? It was AMAZING! :D
Green Chile Bagels are excellent.  Either with the breakfast sandwich or the open faced turkey and cheddar it doesn't matter it is delicious.  Be weary of one thing.  I didn't see a price on the orange juice, but when they rang me up it was like 4 bucks.  Other than that this place is always great  for a quick fix.
What do I look for from a good Bagel shop.....

- Fresh Bagels.

- Quick Service.

- Tasty Cream Cheese.

This location has it all.....enough said.

Will I return?  You bet.
THE NICEST people work here.  They have such a great vibe that you want to just hang out here.  Doesn't hurt that Einstein Bagels are pretty damned good too.

This is the norm Einstein's so I'm not going to critique the food, but this location has the bomb employees!!
Love this place and its right around the corner from me.

fresh bagels, attentive staff and fair prices.
No salads... No regular cream cheese.. That counts out lunch for me I won't be stoping back. Girl was less then pleasant.
Poor service. Poor organization. The wait was too long because they were not operating in a systematic process or doing anything like I have seen in order Einsteins. I had to go back in and wait in line to get napkins and knives for my bagel bucket, they weren't even helpful or acknowledge their mistake
Seriously, only Einsteins could manage to F'up a bagel and cream cheese. EVERY, SINGLE, TIME, I go here they get my order wrong. Forget to toast the bagel. Give me the wrong kind of bagel. Refuse to cut my bagel in half. They never have any of the bagels that people want (Everything, garlic). But you can bet that they have a bajillion Green Chile bagels laying around. Fruit cups look dangerously old. Ridiculous ordering system. Honestly I wish I could like this place better because I live so close but Jeez. Never in my life have I seen such a simple concept so poorely executed. The absolute worst bagel store I have ever stepped foot in.
Service was PAINFULLY slow. Took 30 minutes for 2 paninis. I mean really? We saw that they were preparing everyone else's bagel orders before they finally got around to making our panini. When we checked our bag in the car, we found that the lady gave us the wrong order of chips. Incredibly disappointed with the service here. Won't be returning
I'd rather give this place three stars...so why 4? Because of the friendly service.

I love bagels.  I like the selection they offer and the espresso drinks as well. 

Yes the service is a bit slow, yes they have messed up my order but you know what? They fixed their mistake without any attitude or rolling of eyes. I like that. And you know what? Friendly goes a long way. How can you be mad at someone who apologizes for their mistake and fixes it right away? You can't, unless you are a monster.

The bagels are good, always perfectly toasted and buttered. The staff takes awhile to make drinks, maybe they don't make a lot of lattes or maybe they need to brush up on their faster pace skills. The drinks take FOR-EVA...but they are always tasty.  And it seems that the specialty feature lattes are constantly changing and I order those, so maybe it's a "how do I make this new drink?" Issue and not a pace issue. 

Now I said everyone here is nice. I meant that except for one employee.  Guess who that employee is?  Oh it's the GM!! That woman is a B rhymes with witch. I was in utter shock when I found out that this unpleasant individual was the GM!! 

Scenario: I ordered a strawberry banana smoothie for my person. It's a Saturday at noon.  The bagel pickings were slim and they still have four more hours until close. Is anyone making bagels?  Bueller? Bueller? The associate starts to make the smoothie and realizes oh there are no bananas. Who used the last banana? Hint: whoever used the last banana could have said "Hey we are out of 'naners!" And someone could have WALKED across the parking lot to Albertsons to get more because not sure if anyone read the beverage menu board but STRAWBERRY BANANA SMOOTHIE is a prominently displayed drink choice. You need bananas for that and conveniently a grocery store is right there, like right there!!! My person doesn't want just a strawberry smoothie or a mixed berry smoothie. So I asked to just get a refund. They call over the person eating their lunch in the store which brings me to, hey you are kind of busy, think you can jump in and help instead of stuffing your face ignoring the fact that there is a line??? This person (a woman) goes to give me change and I said wait can't you put it back on my card? I paid with a credit card. She says oh I forgot to ask you if you wanted it on your card but I already did it and I am going to give you change. So I asked her if she would put it on my card since that is an option. She sighed very heavily, rolled her big, stupid eyes at me and went on to charge me for another drink on my card and had to void that one plus return the first one. In my head I was thinking, if this place wasn't around the corner and if everyone wasn't so nice I'd never come here again if this were my first time here. I didn't know that was the GM, they went and sat back down after "helping, not helping" me. I was appalled, there was still a line and cream cheese tubs in a bus bucket teetering on the cooler edge that needed to be put out and displayed, but they got busy and the employee doing that task jumped behind the counter to HELP. You'd think the GM (who I didn't know was the GM at the time) would maybe take the what 3 minutes it would take to put them away instead of sitting back down to eat? 

I went in today and the nice manager with the long blonde pony tail, I wish I knew her name...was there.  I thought she was GM she's always helpful and pleasant and I wanted her to know, listen you have a manager here who isn't exactly welcoming, you need to coach her on her people skills because if I wasn't a regular and didn't know that it's normally a pleasant experience here, I'd never come back.  She told me that woman was the GM. My mouth involuntarily fell open in shock. I couldn't believe it. The GM is acting like that? Wow. And I noticed a we're hiring sign on the window.  It makes me wonder who would want to work for this woman? Are they having a hard time keeping employees? If you treat a customer like she did me and she thought that was acceptable behavior what does she treat her employees like. I felt bad for the entire staff.

I hope the GM sees this. (Maybe customer service is not your forte...or maybe you need to work very hard on your people skills, I get the impression you are new, if you need some coaching on how to deal with people please respond to my review and I will be happy to set up a time to get together to go over basic customer service behaviors with you. I am very serious.)
This bagel shop is great! Most times it can be busy but they seem to never run out of the bagels you want.

The business is generally clean.
It also has a nice patio outside although it can be sometimes a little noisy next to the main road.

They don't have any high chairs so make sure if you have a little one you bring your own. 
Staff are friendly and if you come in a couple of times they will remember you.
Update: I've been coming to this bagel shop for a while now, and today was great, the staff are Personable, friendly and just plain nice. I don't expect any special treatment but it's just nice to come to an establishment where the staff have a smile that doesn't seem fake. Yeah they work hard but you'd never know they were unhappy with what they are doing. Big credit to management
Love love love Einstein bagels. I always order the Turkey bacon Alvacado. I've tried their pizza bagel and liked that too. The Cheyenne location however has the best service! They are fast and always get my order right. Five stars ***** for sure!
The desire for Southern Sweet Tea brought me to Jason's Deli over a year and a half ago.  It was oh so good back then and I couldn't wait to have more!  I even had a chance to try their Muffalettas that time!

When I walked into Jason's Deli again, i was super excited!  I couldn't wait to get a big cup of Sweet Tea ($1.59)!  I opted for their Manager's Half Sandwich Special, which is half of any sandwich on the menu (excluding muffalettas) and your choice of one: cup of soup, read beans with sausage and rice, spicy gumbo, chili or fruit for $6.50.  I had the Grilled Portobello Panini ($6.50), 'grilled portobello mushroom marinated in leo's italian dressing, fresh avocado spread, homemade pico de gallo, fresh spinach, and asiago cheese that's pressed between olive oil basted french bread.'  This actually isn't on the menu, but it's the combination of the Chicken Panini and the Grilled Portobello Wrapini.  I had the Tomato Basil soup with my sandwich.  My panini was yummy, a bit small though, but still very good.  It also came with Jason's potato chips.  I had a few stale ones in my batch though.  And the soup was yummy as well. 

The BF had the Chicken Panini, 'marinated chicken breast with provolone cheese, basil pesto spread, sliced roma tomatoes and fresh spinach that's pressed between olive oil basted french bread' along with a cup of gumbo soup.  I just realized that I have no idea how his panini tasted because he never offered me a bite!  (Hmmff!  And you KNOW he got a bite of mine!)  I can't even comment on his gumbo either!

My friend had the California Club ($6.25), 'oven roasted turkey breast, homemade guacamole, tomato, sprouts, bacon, swiss, and mayo on a tasted all butter croissant.'  He proclaimed, "It was the best sandwich I have ever had!"  Unfortunately, his wife had the Chicken Pot Pie which she said was not good at all.  She barely touched it.  

The cool thing about Jason's Deli is that they offer free refills on their beverages, free soft serve, and free muffins!  Unfortunately, they ran out of the Sweet Tea!  This was maddening and they claimed they didn't have anymore for a Saturday afternoon!  The BF and I were deeply distraught about this incident.  When we asked another employee if they refilled the tea yet, she replied, "You can go up there and check..."  Gosh, I guess I'm used to a bit better customer service.  Oh well, what can you say?

Overall, at Jason's Deli you go up and give your order and then pay for it.  You take your number and help yourself to your own beverages.  Take a seat and wait awhile for your food. Your order is brought to you on a tray and that's the end of the customer service there.  The menu ranges from soups to salads to pasta to wraps to baked potatoes to favorite sandwiches to make your own sandwiches to muffalettas to po'boys to paninis and wrapinis and a few desserts even.  They have a pretty large menu to choose from.  Since April 15, 2005, all their restaurants became free of partially hydrogenated oils, which means "no trans fat"!    

Yeah...I'll be back for their Sweet Tea...but you KNOW I'll be checking to make sure they have enough for our refills!
I can't get enough of this place....there is always some unknown force that drives me here to lunch frequently. The food here is great and I  have yet to try many items on the menu, but I can't stray away from my two favorite sandwiches. Don't get me wrong, I am pretty adventurous when it comes to exploring new options but I think it might just be because my addictive personality/palate always seems to be exposed when I am here. With that said, here are the two sandwiches that have caused my addiction to this place:

1. The Muffalettas: I can't seem to find a good muffaletta outside New Orleans but this one definitely makes up for that. The sandwich is enormous....fresh ham, salami, provolone cheese and a kick-ass olive spread that I wish I could bottle up and take home with me.

2. The New York Yankee: This sandwich is so good!!....but why does it have to be called a New York Yankee???

New York Yankee Sandwich = a winner in my book/ tastes great
New York Yankees = losers in my book/leaves a bad taste in my mouth

Doesn't add up....but I guess the fact that the baseball team is in second place/behind by about 20 games and this sandwich is my second fav. actually does!! Whew...thank God it's just a sandwich!!  Two of my favorite deli meats, corned beef and pastrami with swiss ( I always order extra cheese...tastes great) on rye. Because I am also addicted to sweet tea, I always order one to go with this sandwich and muffaletta. Theirs is the best way to wash the food down and drown out the fact that I actually like a Yankee....God Help Me!!
Jason's Deli is pretty good, but not great.  The sandwiches are definitely above average, but they don't seem as big as everyone else says they are.  I personally like the turkey panini.  Bonus points for delivery service, and online ordering.
I haven't had anything from here that I didn't like.  The portions are huge (OMG, have you seen their baked potatoes?!?).  The muffaletta and club royale are my favs.
Yum!  I was impressed by this place, expecting a regular deli.  What I got was a large selection of sandwiches, soups, salads and baked potatoes.  The service is good and the restaurant itself is big and open with lots of natural light.  I will definitely go back and probably have just as difficult a time deciding what I want from their impressive menu.  The only sour thing I have to say is that my boyfriend is convinced that the shrimp in his gumbo was tainted and made him ill.  I cannot prove this... My sandwich was great!
Jason's Deli consistently has fresh, tasty, perfectly seasoned salads and sandwiches. My favorite is the. . . 
 
Nutty Mixed-Up Salad 7.79
organic field greens, grapes, chicken breast,
feta cheese, walnuts, dried cranberries,
pumpkin seeds, raisins and organic apples.
served with leo's balsamic vinaigrette.

Can't go wrong with any of those ingredients!
Every time we have ordered lunch from Jasons they have come through no doubt. The wraps and sandwiches are always fresh and made with real quality ingredients and i have never had a bad experience. 

Today was no different. I did not want a large lunch and was not really that hungry so I ordered the Fresh Fruit plate, It came with the perfect amount of Cantaloupe, strawberries and pineapple. All the fruit was fresh, sweet and perfectly chilled. 

The other nice thing that Jasons offers that some other delis near my place of employment do not offer is delivery. Jasons delivered our lunch at the scheduled time with no issues.  If you want a healthy meal or a heavy burger for lunch this place is for you, they have food for everyone at a great price. 

If you pay attention to my recommendations, add this one to the list.
This is another one we found on Yelp Mobile. Sometimes you read short Yelp reviews and they don't help you at all. But Erika B.'s post on 11-5-09 couldn't have been on the money in describing Jason's Deli: "I try to stay away from chains, but I went here with [family] and liked it ... The order line is kinda unorganized which made it a little confusing." That was exactly our experience here, too.

We escaped Red Rock and headed towards the Rampart-Charleston row of chain restaurants and retailers, maybe 10 blocks of regional and national eateries to choose from. Of the 30-40 choices, Jason's seemed a good lunch destination for the family.  

To add to Erika B's post, Jason's has a good selection of sandwich meat and hot lunch choices, and their French roll tasted fresh and was the right crispiness. The salad bar looked ok, and the dozen soup choices should please any palate. The half-sandwich/soup combo I ordered was a good lunch deal, with the chili I chose being slightly more watery than meaty, but still good. 

If you have the will-power to pass on the $2 drinks and sodas, you can do well here for your lunch money.
Holy Hell, I love Jason's Deli.

I try not to cover too many chain restaurants for my reviews, because it would be like writing that one Burger King is substantially different from the other 10,000 Whoppers you've eaten in your lifetime, but let me reiterate: I LOVE Jason's Deli.  So much so that if I were feeling more "LEET" at the moment, I would place a "Less Than" symbol followed by a number "3" after this declaration of affection, possibly adding multiple "3" symbols to really bring home the point that I'm steadfast in my affection for this place.

That said, I'm a soup and sandwich man.  This has a little bit of a New Orleans flair with muffalettas and gumbo, but there are all kinds of soups and sandwiches here.  Their broccoli/cheese soup is to die for, but their other soups are no slouch.

The menu changes with specials.  They have their staples, but sometimes, you can get things like Frito Pie, which hits the spot, or some other sandwich treat.  The best route in the "Manager's Special", which give you a cup of soup, a half sandwich, chips, a pickle and a soda for about $10.  You won't starve on this meal.  If you're not feeling the soup/sandwich route, there's always the salad bar.

The staff has always been friendly, and the service has always been good.  I've yet to be disappointed, and I view going here as a "treat".  It's great comfort food whether it's hot or cold outside.

If you're on the fence about a good deli, this place is the real deal.
We have always liked Jason's for the food and the portions, however this last time was just a bit disappointing. When asked about something on the menu, the girl taking our order simply responded with, "I dunno" as opposed to offering to find out or asking someone else. When I took it upon myself to ask the manager how they sweetened their sugar free cheesecake, he had no clue either. The place was a bit dirtier and unclean at the salad bar and they actually "ran out of forks." This is a restaurant people and they apparently had no more clean forks and salad bar users had to "wait." Kids get a free meal on Monday nights from 4-9 PM. The food is good and good size portions, but we will probably try it again next time we're in Vegas and hope this past visit was just a bad day for them.
Oh come on.  Jason's deli.  Are you kidding me.  Terrible place.  I'm always amazed at how popular this place gets. I guess advertising works.
I did like you Jason's Deli, but than my turkey wrap looked like an skinny version of what used to be my turkey wrap.  Why oh why is it so skinny? I finished the whole thing and before I could only eat half of it. For 7 dollars a pop, I would hope to get something a lil more hearty. The wrap itself was very hard to eat and the chips were so salty that I couldn't eat it. Hopefully a second chance in the future will redeem Jason's Deli to 4 stars!
I'll start with being positive ...they make a very tasty Meatballa Po'boy! It was so good I was sorry I ordered only half of the sandwich in favor of their half sandwich deal. The Sandwich Deal that I ordered came with a cup of soup, baked chips and a pickle spear for $8.29. I tried the Spicy Seafood Gumbo which was really too salty for me. I had three bites and I couldn't continue because it was that salty! I ordered an Organic Pomegranate Melon Tea that I thought would compliment the meal but my hopes fell flat. The tea was very bland I couldn't taste the pomegranate at all and the melon taste was barely there. The ordering was a bit confusing too because in front of carry out there are registers but they had me go all the way down to the other side of the deli to be rung up. I just think they should re invent their layout and the price of the special to stay competitive. I received a similar special at Heidi's Brooklyn Deli for only 5.99 and it was delicious.  I really wanted to like this place because it's close to home but most of the choices I made for my meal didn't deliver what I was expecting.
Some people like it.  I went here on the recommendation of a cousin, and I was not impressed.  I ordered the Chicken Caesar Salad, and found it very ordinary. 

Inside, it was cafeteria style seating with small tables crammed too close together, and lots of noisy kids.  I couldn't help but notice that a disproportionate number of the customers were overweight.  And it's a small wonder when you look at most of the items on the menu.

Almost every one of their sandwiches, clubs, and wraps, contain significantly more calories and cholesterol than, say, an In-N-Out cheeseburger, in many case over twice as much. 

To be fair, they do have a "lighter menu" with six items on it, but only one of those items has fewer calories than an In-N-Out cheeseburger.  However, you can also ask for smaller portions (like half-sandwiches) of most of the items on the regular menu.

Even though this is a deli that serves a lot of natural ingredients that are healthy, it also serves a lot of meats (advertised as lean), but no claims are made that the meats are free of nitrites or other chemical additives.  Since Jason's Deli does make claims that none of their ingredients contain trans-fat, MSG, or high fructose corn syrup (which is all good), I must assume that they have taken no steps to ensure that their meats are free of nitrites and other chemical additives, which (along with my unexceptional experience eating there) guarantees that I will stay away from this establishment in the future.
I used to love this place.  I dig big sandwiches that you can make your own way, and they always have a nice variety of soups.  I also love love LOVE their Muffalettas.  I haven't found any place that makes a Muffaletta like they do.

But wow has this place gone down hill.  The last few times we've been, there have hardly been any workers at all.  Last time, I had to stand at the cash register for about 5 minutes, waiting to pay, because they had to find an employee who could jump off the food line and come ring me up.  Huh?

The salad bar has also started to look kind of funky, and everything just looks kinda "dirty."  The floors need a good deep cleaning, as do the bathrooms.  And to top it off, the whole place has a very weird smell.  It kind of reminds me of an old elementary school cafeteria.  And not in a good way!

If I had a major craving for a Muffaletta, I could probably convince myself to go back, but I'm definitely in no hurry.  It's a shame, too, cuz I really used to be a Jason's fan!
3 things that i love about this place. 
1. Unlimited croutons to compliment my soup.
2. Handful of iced tea choices, 
3. The comfy simplicity of the place.

But not limited to: the wide selection of hot gourmet soups that nourish my body. They pick the best selection of beef for pastrami. Free self serve ice cream in a cone. Staff is overall friendly. Food is so very filling, I always find myself bringing extra food home In a to-go box. But then again, maybe it's from the unlimited croutons I use to dip in my tomato soup. I definitely love coming here.
I love this place, I always order the Turkey club, the combo getting chips and a pickle. The sandwiches are huge and can really fill you up. They have a soup and salad bar and plenty of drink choices. My husband and I have always had great customer service whenever we come in.
i enjoy that food at jason's deli. it's nice to have an escape from all the fast food places that litter every street corner, so i will give 2 stars to the food at this establishment. BUT, the service at this jason's deli is awful. once i stood waiting to order while 2 employees ignored me to finish their conversation and then when i finally said something they acted annoyed and bothered that i wanted to order something. i would say that a good 78% of the employees usually look that they absolutely hate being there and could not give more attitude to customers if they tried.
I've been bringing my family to this location since 2003. We love this place. They have always treated us well. The manager has seen our 5 kids grow up, and she greets us every time with a big smile and hug! Love the food! My favorite is the California Club! Our family loves the staff! This is our favorite place!
*****100th review!!! I think!!! LOL!!!!*****

Sooo I've been longing for a delicious deli that doesnt cost an arm and a leg!! My ex suggested here and off we went!

I got the turkey bacon and avocado and the bf got the pastrami (i think!!) we ordered, paid, got our drinks, and some little muffins and bread! We took our seat and I tried all our little goodies... oh my they were delish! My son loved the hard bread and the bf liked the gingerbread. 

The wait wasnt long and our order was already coming out! I seen them and was super pleased! His sandwich was HUGE!! My little got the regular ham sandwich and was happy with it. My sandwich looked AMAZING! I was excited to eat it!! I took a bite and I swear I creamed my panties! It was soooo yummy!!! There was enough of everything in the sandwich, it was perfect! The bread was soooooo yummy as was the spicy mayo! I took a bite of his pastrami and was floored! I never had it before but this was insanely good! I kept stealing his meat that would fall out LOL. 

The service there was super good! They were very attentive and kind, the place was very clean and I seriously had no problems! We went back and I tried another sandwich (I dont remember what) which was also super delish! I also tried the strawberry shortcake and almost melted! If you look at the photos I have one in there! FRESH strawberries, whipped cream, and the softest angel food cake I've ever tried! This dessert was totally ace!

I will totally be back and enjoy the yummies they have here, you should too!!
Love this place.  Their portions are pretty big, I always end up with something left over.  And their soups are tasty.  It kind of reminds me of Panera Bread, but with bigger servings and more selection.  And they deliver.  $20 minimum for delivery, understandable.

Service is a very relaxed, unfortunately sometimes rude, but I don't have to spend much time with them so I can overlook it.

Other than that, this is a great place for soups and sandwiches.  Their pastas are delicious too.
Me and my co workers order from them quite often. Great food, big portions and decently priced. We order off their website and never have had any problems with our orders!
Close to REI (!!), good prices, great food quality, huge portions, yummy cranberry walnut cookie.  :)  It's upscale cafeteria dining with table service!  I like the low-cal options as well as the salad bar (unlimited house brand graham crackers?!!! they're so good!).  Unpretentious and great for hanging out.  I came here the other night with two musician friends to talk shop and we stayed for a couple of hours without guilt.

Did I mention how good that cran-walnut cookie is?
This place rocks! Love the food and the free ice cream! I would suggest the New York Yankee, but get it on a roll! I would also say come hungry as the portions are big and for some reason it's hard to know when to stop!
I love this place. The food is fresh and delicious  Always crowed I had a Reuben sandwich. Price $8.79. Hugh sandwich to share. Another favorite is seafood gumbo. I am sad they ran out of gumbo today. I think this is a good place when you are hungry because the food come out really fast. One thing I don't like is the parking. Not many spots to park there. I park across the street and walk in.
We will return. We like this place. The food is good, large portion sizes, and reasonably priced. The parking is not so good, but huge parking lot nearby. Place is usually busy. My girlfriend loves their gumbo. I love Louisiana food.  Their muffuletta brings me back to Shreveport. BTW, it is huge. Today I had the roast beef French dip sandwich. It was good. Fresh bread with plenty of melted cheese. I dipped it in the au jus. Yum, Soggy deliciousness! The sandwiches come with a pickle spear and potato chips.  The pickle was crunchy. I don't care for the chips. French fries or salad would have been better.  My girlfriend had the Reuben sandwich. Lots of pastrami. I don't usually like thousand island dressing, sauerkraut, or rye bread. However, It worked and was fabulous. I'm guessing this is their signature sandwich.  Sandwiches cost less than $10 each. Their salad bar is awesome. Best salad bar around. Lots of variety and always fresh. Don't forget to try the muffins on the salad bar. Moist and flavorful. My mother had the French onion soup. I tried. It was okay. I've had better. My father had the club sandwich on croissant. It was okay. I would recommend the roast beef French dip instead. Don't bother with dessert, there won't be room. This is not a "You've gotta try this" kind of place, but I'm a fan and will return often.
First time here. I really enjoyed my meal. It was so large I could only eat half of my sandwich. They had complimentary muffins and garlic bread on the salad bar for everyone even without purchasing the salad bar. Not sure on the pricing I did not buy. I will go back again.
Jason's deli is great.. I always order their managers half sandwich and soup special. Their half sandwich is large and I love getting baked chips. Their soups are really good and my favorite is the gumbo (broccoli and cheese is my 2nd fav)  

Everyone is always very nice. too.  Their salad bar is as fresh as you can get. They have awesome chocolate mousse avail and well they are just an all around great place to goto for lunch.  You won't be disappointed.  I've been many times and ordered different sandwiches and I've enjoyed my lunch every single time.

Their prices are really good too, and you get a great amnt of food for the price.  I never feel over charged at all.
Came here a week ago-my daughter got a free kids meal for having good grades at school.
I've never been here,but after seeing how it works, it won't be the last time!
She ordered a kids mac n cheese,with fruit, and drink. she showed me the salad bar, mints, and free ice cream, and self serve soda bar.
 It has a huge seating area, so finding a seat wasn't a problem.
I didn't order anything because of a strict diet, but when it's over, I will be back!
The sandwiches look amazing and I could get my favorite lunch ever-soup,salad, and sandwich!
Awesome deli spot my brother in law took us to. This place is pretty awesome with food, the first time I went here I got the pastrami sandwich and boy was that good. There as more to the menu that I wanted to get, but since the sandwich already filled me up, I decided to come back here the next day and try their humongous baked potato that was loaded with bacon, sour cream and chives. On top of that me and the wifey shared the salad bar. That was good. My son ended up getting the pizza both times we came here. He liked it so much that he didn't wanna try something different the second time around.

I will sure be coming back here when I visit Vegas again and I will try something different along with getting the baked potato again.
I had been to one of these in Kansas and had to see if this one was just as good.  It is!  Great salad bar and sandwiches.  I love this place!  I always get the manager's special half sandwich half salad.  The side salad you get is a good size bowl for a one time trip to the salad bar.  If you order a sandwich from the lite menu you can get a side of fruit also that comes with yummy yogurt to dip your fruit in.  So good!  I wish they had more in Southern California.
Awesome veggie soup! Hands down one of the best vegetarian soups I have ever had. They have a ton of menu items including: sandwiches, paninis, soups, a salad bar, etc... Love this place.
Jason's Deli is just delicious!

You can even order online and pick it up if you don't want to eat inside. When you order online you earn "deli dollars". Currently this reward program is for online ordering only. Once you have accumulated at least 25 points, you can start to apply what deli cash you have t your total. Very cool!

I love the "California Croissant" it is just tasty. The baked potatoes are huge and too yummy! I decided I am going to start ordering the smaller baked potatoes because I just can't make room in my tummy for the big ones. This last visit I couldn't even eat half of it since it was so big!

If you eat inside you can help yourself to a free mini ice cream cone! Refills on drinks are free when dining inside too. They also have a salad bar.

The inside is clean and the employees are very helpful. They offer catering services and have boxed lunches.
It's good but it's not THAT good. Typical sandwiches...can't really mess that up. Eh...I've had better. From what I've observed, their service is pretty good but I cannot justify to give them a 4 star. And for the $7.99 meatball sandwich, I can go elsewhere and get something more tasty plus chips and drink would be included.

P.S. I know some of you may like this, especially for the younger kids, but what is up with that cheapo "ice cream" machine!?!? Machines like these belong in cheap hole-in-the-wall Asian buffets...not at a sandwich shop. To each their own I guess.
Club royale was pretty good, but that's about it. Not crazy about potato chips. I would prefer fries, since the sandwich was almost $8.
The service here is not even good enough to call AWFUL. No smiles,no proper greeting, and the place is highly unorganized, and unclean. The utensils were out and not stocked, and the whole fountain area was in disarray. 

They should be embarrassed, and the manager should be replaced by a detail and customer service oriented person.

The highlight is that the Pot Roast sandwich, and strawberry shortcake were fantastic.
My coworkers and I went for lunch and coincidentally all ordered the salad bar. I added a half turkey club on focaccia which was great, the bread was lightly toasted but still very soft and tender, meat and cheese hot and melted. There were 3 options for greens: baby spinach, mixed greens, and romaine. I chose Romaine and added red, yellow, and orange bell peppers, cherry tomatoes, artichokes, green peas, and feta with balsamic dressing. I also had a spoonful of the pasta salad which was nice and tangy with an italian dressing. Great place to go for a quick no fuss lunch.
Loved this place!! I was a little skeptical at first since I'm a vegetarian, but they had tons of organic salads and vegetarian sandwiches.  They are reasonably priced, and even have the option of a 'lighter portion' salad at a cheaper price.  Plus all customers get free ice cream cones and bread from the salad bar...  now that's a deal!
Can't go wrong with Jason's Deli.  They always get the orders right, always write the names of the order on the food, and the gluten free bread is cheap!  The only thing I ever get is the salad bar and I always get it to go.  My salad box is packed to the max, lettuce, fruit, veggies, hummus, beets, they have it all!  The staff is super awesome.  If they are running behind on an order they always through something in to compensate for the wait.  They gave me almost a loaf of bread for free, super nice considering that a loaf of gluten free bread is over $6 at the grocery store.
Woaw!  This place is horrible.  It was my first time at Jason deli, and I probably won't come back.  First off, the cashier Domonique, was extremely rude. We asked her about the salad bar and she seemed really annoyed about having to explain how it works.  When we put in our orders, she asked us what sides we wanted.  I asked her what type of fruits and veggies were offered and she straight up rolled her eyes naming off some fruits that did not even come with my wrap.  It wasn't a big deal, if she didn't know she should've just said so.

We ordered the Mediterranean wrap and the turkey wrap.  Both were from the low cal menu.  Both were not good.  There is significantly less meat, and that's fine because its a low cal wrap, but it was really boring.  The side of vegetables it came with looked really old and was over cooked.  The hummus from the Mediterranean wrap was really grainy in texture, and to top it off there was a piece of rock in there.  I have no clue where that would even come from.  The manager was really nice about it, but didn't seem to know how to handle the situation much.  We didn't ask for a comp, and he didn't offer either, but he did offer to swap it for something else.

While I was eating, I saw a guest loading up his plate from the salad bar.  He was grabbing some hummus and used his finger to scoop it out of the spoon onto his plate.  He then licked his finger, grabbed something else, came back to the hummus and did the same thing.  Wow, that was disgusting, and one of the reasons why I avoid AYCE joints like this.  

Anyway, this whole experience left a foul taste in my mouth.  There are plenty of other places in Vegas that also specialize in sandwiches.  I'll go there before ever coming back to Jason's deli.  hah.
From the people who answer the phone, to the ladies who deliver the lunch to our office, the service is outstanding. They deliver on time.
The food is always hot and delicious.  
The sandwiches are huge. The pickles awesome.
There were several issues with this place with our visit around 6pm tonight.  The first one was a clear lack of English speakers in places that were needed to communicate with customers.  This caused a multitude of problems.  First, it took about 10 minutes to get my order taken with two parties in front of me because the others took so many attempts to place their order and not get understood or questions answered clearly (while other employees stood around and did nothing).

Once placing our order of just two salad bars and soup, we then walked down to the end of the counter.  We are immediately told what I think was it would be brought to our table as the person pointed.  No problem, but after five minutes we went back to the counter while nobody was doing anything and told again that it would be brought to the table.  Seriously?  At least give us our salad bowls after 10 minutes.

After about five more minutes we give up and go back and our bowl of soup and two empty bowls are sitting on the counter with nobody around so I just pick it up.

This location need to have people that can communicate with the customers and does not need to take 15 minutes +/- to provide two bowls and a cup of soup, especially with how empty the restaurant was.
We went to Jason's Deli Saturday evening.  The place had some customers, I'd say about 20-25% capacity.  There were 2 people ahead of us in line to order.  There was only one cashier with 3 potential registers.  Appeared to be a little short staffed.  It took about 10 minutes until our order was placed.

My wife had the salad bar and I had a chicken avocado sandwich.  It arrived at our table in good time.  The meal was good.  

The staff was friendly and checked on us.  The restaurant was clean.  Would go again if in the area.
Truly impressive...Fantastic deli, classic Chicago decor, Large sandwiches, fresh ingredients, generous salad bar, good value. Will definitely return again!
Great salad bar with lots of organic choices! Perfect for my plant based lifestyle:)
I love Jason's Deli. I come here for one thing... the Pastrami Sandwich. The pastrami sandwich is a good size and tastes very good. I have seen my wife eat many different things from here but I can only comment about the pastrami. You can order online and accumulate deli dollars towards future orders. I eat inside every now and then but for the most part I pick up my order at the designated to-go area. The manager is usually visible and is attentive to customers. If you want to do lunch for your office they have different box lunches and catering options.
NOT A DELI!   Its a glorified sandwich shop.   Went there for bacon and eggs one morning only to find out they don't serve it.   Had a sunrise breakfast sandwich.  same sandwich from burger king was better and cheaper.  Don't be mislead by the word "deli".      Order and sit down.    counter staff was not friendly and cooks were loud and didn't seem to care about the image,  but, I was the only one in the place mid-morning.
This is a really bad Jason's Deli location. The quality of the food has continued to deteriorate. I ate here last week and had the salad bar. The lettuce was wilted and the cherry tomatoes were so old that they tasted rancid and had wrinkly skins. The restaurant itself is in a state of disrepair and the common areas, tables and countertops were all filthy. I don't know what's going on here but hopefully somebody from corporate can swoop in and fix the issues. I won't be back here until something changes.
Always happy with this place.  Great to order from when your on the go. Huge portions come hungry leave happy amd full :-)
Excellent quality food, the sandwiches and soups are always hooked up just right. I'm always customizing my orders and they are always coming out exactly how I ask. I order delivery to my business and to my home. The manager Joe is on top of his game he must be double checking the orders because they never come incorrectly. I highly recommend the broccoli cheese soup and the Cuban press. The chocolate chip cookies are always soft and freshly baked. Thanks to all the staff for making the food consistently and delivering on time !
Great Rueben sandwich! The corned beef was great. Only thing is that it's a little pricey. $9.50 for a sandwich and chips is a little high.
Came here for lunch on a weekday afternoon. Slightly passed lunch time so it wasn't busy. Tried a special they had up on the board. Pastrami Sourdough Meltdown. Asked for a water cup but they gave me a normal to-go-able cup (is that normal? or were they out of water cups?). Either way, i still got water. Not much of a fan of soda anyway. 

Like all other locations, for all customers, free garlic toastettes, and muffins. I love getting a plate full of the brown ones. Always forget what they were called. But not too sweet. Super moist. Unique in flavor. Delicious ^_^ 

Pastrami Sourdough Meltdown was i believe $7 ? Smaller than the usual sandwiches you get from their menu (reuben the great, etc). The pastrami was nice and hot. The cheese was super melty. The sourdough was nicely toasted, not too hard. Best of all, even by the 2nd half, no soggy bottom piece of bread ! (experiences from the reuben the great...) XD sandwich overall was delicious. big fan of pastrami sandwiches. 

After my meal, went for a refill on water. Didn't pick up a ice cream cone this time (free for patrons as well). 

Nice location in Boca Park. Near home.
This was a nice place to eat, they have sandwiches and a salad bar, which salad bars are my favorite, it was not that expensive too.
Great Food, tried this place out on vacation. Clean nice location and friendly staff.
This place has been neglected. My club sandwich came on stale bread and my wife's salad had dry over cooked chicken.
This used to be a great place for lunch, but it's dirty and tired looking. When was the last time those windows were washed? And I know your floor is pealing up next to the salad bar, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't sweep and mop the rest of it too. There were dustbunnies floating around the entryway halfwall and the dirt build up was noticeable. 
Sorry Jason's.... Thumbs down in my book. "free" ice cream wasn't enough to win me over.
Due to a friends recommendation I decided to go back and try jasons deli again. Unfortunately, after I took first bite of my wraps the one with hummus my stomach started bubbling. I thought maybe it was just  because I was hungry. Unfortunately, after I ate my wrap (smothered in olives) eww!  I realized I had food poisoning. I haven't ever been so sick from food before in my life. I don't know what could have caused this but take precaution before eating there. :'(
Terrible!  Turkey sandwich with hardly any turkey. Nice place but what a rip off!  Even the free yogurt was lousy. Ok, the chips were OK. First time and the last too.
My husband and I come here just for the loaded baked potatoes! The place could use a little updating. Service was a bit slow our last visit, but the cashier apologized and gave us free soft drinks.
We came to have a quick lunch on saturday afternoon and although they were not that many people our order took over 20 minutes to come out out of the kitchen. There was only one person preparing the food and all of the other employees were just talking. There were plenty if employees to be able to provide a good service, however that was not the case. It cannot believe it takes over 20 minutes to prepare 2 sandwiches. The manager was on site, but he didn't seem to care too much! I think their is a huge management issue. If you see that you cook needs help, there should b addition staff helping each other! I dont think i'm coming back, there are plenty of good delis in here to waste your time in here!
I stopped into Jason's Deli for a pastrami sandwich my only complaint was I needed a much larger portion. Not that the portion was not large I just love a good pastrami sandwich. Their sandwich is outstanding, made fresh and hot. I have to stay away or I would be in there every other day. They do a good job and the prices are very reasonable. They have a number of locations around town so the rest is up to you. I had chips and salsa with a ice tea. Unlimited refills on beverages and  you can get yourself your fill of ice cream.
Ordered take-out today, and what a completely pleasant experience. Often when you call a restaurant, the person taking the call makes you feel like you're inconveniencing them. Jason's Deli was friendly and took the time to get the order right. The order was ready at the stated time, and the food was great (and traveled well). The whole interaction was pleasant and what a relief just to have simple customer service and a product that's what you want it to be.
With and easy to read menu, clean floor and great lunch time effenciency, why wouldn't you eat here?
Ordered a turkey sub on wheat bread with extra tomatoes. Didn't get what I ordered, they skimped on the tomatoes and gave me regular white bread. Called to complain and the manager was like "Oh Well". Wrote to the company and they could care less too. Won't ever be back!
Last week my crew from the fire station decided to get sandwiches at Jersey Mike's Subs. This location has a new owner who had stopped by the station a couple weeks earlier and invited us up to check the place out. It's pretty rare that the whole crew (10 guys) agrees on anything food related, but Jersey Mike's worked well for all of us. 

  I'm a big club sandwich fan so I had the Club Sub. It was loaded with plenty of delicious ham, bacon, turkey and provolone. I got it Mike's Way which includes tomatoes, lettuce, onions, spices, oil and vinegar. The bread was freshly made and quite good. A few of the guys tried the Original Italian and they all raved about how good it was, so I'll try that next time. 

  In short, everyone at the station was happy Jersey Mike's and I'm sure that they made 10 customers from our visit. The service was great and the new owner is a great guy. I noticed yesterday that the store is being renovated so you may want to check to be sure they have reopened.
Pleasantly surprised is how I feel about Jersey Mike's. My wife wanted to go here for lunch and we needed new places to eat on the West side. We both ordered the #13, The Original Italian done Mike's Way: Provolone, ham, proscuittini, cappacuolo, salami and pepperoni. Along with the meal deal and 2 chocolate chip cookies we spent about $20. 

The sandwiches were surprisingly good, loved the bread, loved the red wine vinegar sauce, and you could taste the tomatoes, no cardboard toppings here. But I would be seriously amiss if I didn't mention how they took service with a smile and kicked it up 2 notches. Awesome service!

Overall this is now on my short list of surefire Vegas lunch choices. I will be back!

Note: They do make my Payment Card Stupidity list as they make you sign for debit card transactions. See my list description of why this sucks. There is a better way of taking payments.
I dont know what it is but there is something that I cant stand about there sandwiches it leaves and awful taste in my mouth.  I think it may be something in the bread.
My sandwich was fresh and tasty, the staff was friendly and personable, and the store was clean.
Usually I loooove Jersey Mike's so I was really stoked to see one while I was visiting. I was a little disappointed because the bread wasn't as fresh as at any other location where I've been. The rest of the sandwich was fine though and still beats any other sub shop around.
Discovered this place when I first moved out here, I've become addicted!
I'm a vegetarian, the grilled veggie wrap is yummy. My friends have all told me the subs are all delicious as well, especially if you get it "Mike's way".
This Jersey Mike's is my favorite though, the staff is always super friendly, and they are packer fans! I can always come in, have my wrap while I watch the packer game. I feel at home :-)
Not a big Yelp reviewer, but this place is pretty damn good and the employees are fricken great. I thought they deserved a great review. My whole family loved the sandwiches. The Original Italian was excellent.
Now I thought Subway was the only sandwich shop worth going to, but boy was I proven wrong. Jersey Mike's knows what I want in a sub! The sub was delicious. Not only was it good, it was real! By real, I mean real meat! They literally sliced the meat right in front of me! Then going Mike's Way (clever use of the name by the way) made my sandwich even better. To my surprise, the sandwich artist ACTUALLY had a conversation with me! Today's youth may be at times rude, but not here. Excellent customer service this place has. Definitely a must go!
The big kahuna & the Italian are very good. Been a fan for a year now. Clean & reliable. I recommend highly. Martin
First time at a jersey mikes and I'm pretty impressed at how quickly I was in and out of the store with multiple orders. I ordered the club sandwich and it was very good. The customer service was great. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area again. Unfortunately there isn't one by where I live.
Favorite sandwich place of all time!
Just got a sandwich from this location today and the guys working were so nice! They greeted me enthusiastically at the door and just the vibe of the whole shop was pleasant, it appeared the three or four employees got along with each other really well...I will definitely be back!
This was my first time trying a Jersey Mikes sandwich. 
I have to say it was really good. I had the roast beef, with just pickles and pepper. 
The roast beef had a great taste, and was quite tender. The bread was crusty and crunchy, which I prefer. 
The staff was nice and helpful. I was in and out of there in 5 minutes. 
I will come back to try the other sandwiches.
This is a chain of east coast deli-style sandwich joints that started out in Austin, Texas.  Their sandwiches are awesome because they bake them up all warm and toasty and offer a bunch of different combinations.  My favorite was always the Original Italian with double meat baked on a sourdough round with melted cheddar. So good. Too bad they don't have this place in Northern California anymore.
Why did you ever leave me Schlotzsky's? 

I wish you would come back to Chicago. You are missed here. 

This place has warm, fresh, soft bread. This place has delicious meats, fresh ingredients, and hearty helpings.

I recommend the reuben or the original. 

This particular location has a larger, cafeteria style seating area. When I went there was a large crowd of blue-haired old-timers reading the paper and hanging out.
This is an awesome sandwich shop!

All of the sandwich bread is made onsite every morning.  A far cry different from that frozen and thawed kind of other chains.  It's always moist and full of flavor.  The meats and cheeses are also sliced on site daily, so you don't have to worry about older or stale tasting ingredients.

This is one of the few restaurants that I've worked at that I not only eat at, but will fully endorse.  And after 13 years and a load of jobs, that's saying something.

It also helps that the owner, Todd, is a great guy that treats his employees and customers with respect.

If you're in the area, this is a great lunch stop on any day.
I didn't realize this place was a chain but it was still decent. There were many tables for a large crowd during lunch and even parking spaces! 

The menu features sandwiches of many types -- warm and cold. Also, pizzas and new salads are on the menu. The cranberry, apple, pecan, and chicken salad was great and had the right amount of dressing on the side. It came with few pieces of cheesy bread that was mouth watering. Fountain drinks and bottle drinks of choice and many side bags of chips. From what I hear, the Reuben is amazing.
This place has amazing sandwiches it can be alittle pricy for the portion but the quality is really GREAT! I was suprised to see this place was empty I was the only one sitting here with my friends. The place is very colorful ad also has a large selection of drinks and teas. Dont forget to mention the free refills for a guy like me it comes in handy!
I had the vegetarian sammich.  It was a bunch of veggies between two pieces of spongey bread, with a hot sauce that was not flavorful, just hot.  I guess I should try something else because eating spongebob squarepants wasn't enjoyable for me.
This place is inside the 99 Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center.  When you walk in, make a right and keep going. Make sure you don't go to the "combo plate" steam table area -- Taiwan Express is in the corner. 

You order at the counter and wait about five minutes. The chicken pancake is a psychoactive delight. Also try the whole fish (a special once or twice a week for five bucks!) and the boba teas.
A perfect way to top of an exotic shopping experience at 99 Ranch.  The Taiwan Express has photos of many (not all) of their dishes. Very authentic.  

Also try some shaved ice for desert (brought me back to Singapore!).  My kids love the shaved ice, though they are more used to Asian foods than most kids.  

Note that the Buffet section (to the left) is better than any mall food courts, and may be more tame for some taste buds.  

AND - in between the buffet and Taiwan Express you can buy a whole roast duck for about $12.50, which they will cut up for you.  Be sure to buy some Plum Sauce (elsewhere in the store) for a sweet dipping sauce for the duck (yummy!).
As a true Chinese grew up in Taiwan, I know what Taiwanese foods supposed to taste like. It's here. The owner is a native Taiwanese. Not like other Chinese restaurant, the owner make the special ingredients everyday herself. 

The price is good and reasonable cheap. There is no better place to taste the traditional Taiwanese foods. My favorite dish is the spicy noodle.
Some good counter-style grub.  It's located with 99 Ranch, and the buffet is Panda Express-style by the way you place an order.  But it's sooo not Panda Express -style in taste.

They don't skimp on the noodles here, and the orange chicken comes with actual red chili peppers sans the typical orange goop.  Uh oh, stop the presses.  

They had whole chickens hanging in a heated glass case, just like they do in the Chinatowns of the nation.  Nice!!  

Plus there were tons of dishes at the counter that I couldn't recognize - always a good sign of authenticity.  My only complaint was I thought the egg drop soup was a bit too raw and runny for my tastes.   But overall a good value for $4 and change.
This Chinese "Deli" at the 99 Ranch Market (South end of store) was the former location of Taiwan Express ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/raQFxUEzh8bfHUQLkiNHcg ); and the acquisition by 99 Ranch Market has totally ruined what was unique about the former restaurant / deli! 

My friend, who lives in Phoenix, introduced me to Taiwan Express around five years ago. He and I used to frequent Taiwan Express a lot mainly for the authenticity of the Taiwanese cooking, and of the Boba (Tapioca) drinks (which is a Taiwan invention). For less than $6 a plate, you would get very authentic meal from a native Taiwanese cook, and sometimes loaded with special ingredients!

99 Ranch Market has totally ruined whatever was unique about Taiwan Express, and has "corporatized" the restaurant / deli. Ranch Market still claims that the dishes are authentic Taiwanese... they're not. You can still get meals in styrofoam for less than $6... now the meals are just generic Chinese. My friend and I refuse to eat here since the acquisition two years ago.

Even the Boba drinks have also gone down in quality... Ordered the Iced Boba Milk Tea yesterday evening... Consistency of the Boba balls were a little tough and chewy... But I've got to admit, this place IS better than some trendy Boba locations that are popping up around the ASU, Tempe area.

I know Phoenix is not Los Angeles or San Francisco in regards to the size of the Asian population... but you should not pay more than $9 for a whole Roast Duck. $12.50 is just outright theft!!!
Niu rou mian (Beef noodles soup), Pai Gu Fan (Pork chop rice), e ah jian (oyster omelet), bao bing (shaved ice), shao bing you tiao + dou jiang, and boba milk tea.  Awesome selection, it's the kind of food that you would find in night markets or in small fast shops in Taiwan.  The pre-made stuff that's served like Chinese fast food does not look appetizing at all, I'd suggest you skip it, and order from the menu.  The food is really good and boba a little on the sub par side.  But overall this is one place to go to if you're craving Chinese in Phoenix!
I used to come here for noodle soup.  I had been looking for noodle soup in the states for a long time and discovered it here.  They do an excellent job.  This is inside of the Asian Market at the Phoenix China Town.
It is sad to see taiwan Express go. I enjoyed their food enormusly
What if i was to tell you that there was this jewish deli that had pastrami so good that it turned whoever ate it jewish. 

K it doesnt turn anyone jewish but the pastrami was the best pastrami i have ever eaten. The "Woody Allen" is what we got and what they are most famous for. It is a giant pastrami sandwich probably a good 10inches tall or more. 2 people have to eat because each side is a meal in itself. The pastrami was wet but not too wet, and had just the right amount of saltiness. We put tobasco and honey mustard on it and knocked the tower down and just went thru it with a fork. It's so good i crave it now actually. 

We also ordered potato salad, which paired well with the pastrami'ness. 

This place is now the basis of comparison of my pastrami travels and will probably hold number 1. IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS YOU MUST GET THIS. Read the other review on this place....  it is an explosion of awesomeness in your mouth.
1 pound of meat for $13!

4 of us ordered 1 pastrami sandwich and 1 corn beef sandwich + 2 basic salad. Free pickles when we sat down. One sandwich is enough meat for 4 people(we have some small eater in our group). Total cost for about $40. Pretty good considering  this is on the strip.

The pastrami sandwich is filled with meat, sliced thin and then stacked high between rye bread (very traditional). The meat has a hint of smoke, has good flavor with  a generous spice rub around the edge, but not too salty. A little bit of fat on the sandwich makes it juicy without being too heavy. I cannot help but compared it with Schwartz in Montreal. Schwartz's meat has more smokiness, while this is milder. Carnegie Deli's pastrami however a little more salty. I find mustard give a good kick to Schwartz's, but not needed for Carnegie's version. Both version are highly enjoyable.

The corned beef sandwich is also filled with meat, stacked high between rye bread. The meat is fatty but not greasy and not heavy. I am a little puzzled by how they achieved this...

The pickles are salty but not too tart. This is different from other pickles that I have. I cannot say I prefer it to ordinary pickle, but it is quite good in its own right.

The salad is big, but simple. We ordered that because we feel guilty downing 2 pounds of meat:)
We were in line for Jet nightclub when our party (who was partying inside already) came spilling out early to say they were hungry.  Just as well, it saved us a $50 cover charge and now we were going to eat.  Not wanting to go far, we stumbled over to the Carnegie Delicatessen with our large party.

As we waited in line, everyone went through the dramatics of the night.  It was our turn when the host started to close off the line.  I was confused for a moment, thinking he wasn't going to let us in.  He proceeded to motion for us to follow and he had a table waiting for us already!  Sweet...except that he had only counted ten as two other people had joined us in the line late.  It's okay, we were able to have our additional party of two nearby.

Yummy pickles were placed in front of us and I wish I had more.  The menu was huge and I didn't even know where to look.  The BF wanted "The Woody Allen", a gigantic sandwich with loads of pastrami and corned beef ($15.95).  The waitress warned us that it was a big sandwich, as high as our water glass.  We were fine with it as we were sharing.  Indeed, it was a big one, as you can see for yourself from the photo above.  Everyone asked if I was going to get that all in my mouth...uh, hello...I'm a lady...in a dress!  Yeah, I'm busting out with a fork and knife thank you!  You definitely need to smear that mustard all up on your meat to give it a zing.  I didn't really care for the bread though.  The BF finished his half and my leftovers went home.  (They were a bit dry the next day, but if you add some olive oil and stick it in the toaster oven, it's damn good again!)  

Our waitress was a doll and so was one of the busgirls.  When a table cleared up closer to our table of ten, I asked if we could move the table over so our other party of two could join us.  The waitress said of course, but then as she walked away, the mean old busboy started taking the chairs away!  I told him we were actually going to use that table and he said, "No! We're closed!"  Uh, we hadn't even received our food yet, so I KNOW it wasn't a problem for them, he was just a complete asshole!  The busgirl ended up overriding him and gave us the table (yay for her!) and so our party of 12 was together again.

Things are a la carte here, so no fries with your burger or sandwiches.  But with them being so big, I guess you don't really need them.  They also have breakfast served all day and specialties like "hot tongue" and "chopped liver" to entice your palette.  My friend got an "Order of Bacon" ($5.50), and I do mean an order, it's definitely not a side! 

Five stars for the host trying to be efficient by counting heads for our party without asking us how many we were and one star for the jerk of an ass old man busboy who hates his job.  

3.5 stars overall.
So the enticing smells of Carnegie Deli and the size of their food has beckoned until the bait was taken. Carnegie is fairly new to the Mirage. A little pricey for a sandwich until you see why. Cows.....Turkeys.....Chickens....literally most farm animals quiver when they hear that the Carnegie Man is coming. Carnegie man doesn't come for a thigh or breast. it strips the animal from all it's glory to pile unto these Kraken sized sandwiches. 

Yes...I said it...KRAKEN. 
It's freakin huge. Like the sandwiches Scooby and Shaggy makes when they have the munchies. 
Ok so I had the Turkey, Tongue and Corned Beef.  Oy Vey....Sorry but do you want bread with that meat. Ok For those who remember those where's the beef commercials....steer them here. 
The pickes were definitely kosher and GRreeat.  They also have this egg and pastrami sandwich! Mmmmmm Oh yea...Fanciful. It's a great hot sandwich. 
Cheesecakes here are colossal....GINORMOUS....Definitely worth it if you're into sweets. Over all I had to ding it 1 star - because I want to eat a sandwich...NOT just the meat...where's the Carbs?
This may be the best place for a hot pastrami in the west.  Yes, Vegas has lots of great eats for sure, but as far a relative taste goes, this place kicks arse when it comes to hot pastrami.   Only a few places like Katz Delicatessen in NY might compare.  Our hot pastrami, served on rye, of course, was piled high with tender, tender hot pastrami, deli sliced in the kitchen, about 5 inches high.  Not only was the meat crazy tasty, there was a mountain of it.  I normally wouldn't give anyone 5 stars but for hot pastrami, this place gets 5 stars.  Use deli mustard and pickles to your advantage.
Really

Big

Sammies!

The Carnegie Deli puts NYC to shame. After a short wait we were seated, shoulder-to-shoulder with the people at the next table. Monster-sized sandwiches were brought out in many varieties. Turkey, pastrami, ham... you name it they probably have it!

Despite this I opted for breakfast at 11 (PM of course, this is Vegas after all). It was a great choice - rich eggs and crispy bacon were the perfect cushion before an evening of fun!

Don't forget to try a pickle... you won't regret it!
Great food, great atmosphere! Huge portions and the prices wont leave you broke! We tried the potato latkas and the pastrami sandwich, both of which left us fat, dumb, and happy- I would call that a very successful meal!
Carnegie's Famous Burger - decent burger. Nothing special, but not bad. 

Chicken soup with noodles - overpriced and tasted like Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup, noodles just aren't as soggy. 

Maybe I should've ordered their pastrami or corned beef...
This place can be summed up in a sentence: Quantity over Quality.

Actually, I don't think that's technically a sentence. Don't you need an object and a proposition or a predicamacation and a subjugation or some shit like that in order for it to technically be a sentence? I don't know, English is my second language. Anyway, this place, huge ass servings, key word, ass. Because that's what everything tasted like. Too dry, too salty, too much. My mom ordered the club sandwich. The thing was several inches tall. Don't believe me? Check out the picture I uploaded. You know how they normally use toothpicks to hold sandwiches together? Well, this place used like chopsticks or something. And it's not like they charge the price of a regular club, they definitely charge you more. But who can eat that much? Especially a little old Asian lady like my mom? Poor woman could barely lift the damn thing up off the plate!

Anyway, if you want to be mesmerized by sheer portion size, eat here. Otherwise, pay less for higher quality food and save your money for one of those topless dance shows in town. Oh yeah.
Reason:
Mom's first trip to Vegas in 30 years (whoa).

Bueno:
The portions and the prices (depending on what you order). I really dig the breakfasts here!

No Bueno:
Just about everything else. Oversized meals and sandwiches that aren't possible to eat without a fork and knife...which kind of defeats the purpose of sandwiches  =P  Flavor is ok, but it's nothing spectacular and the service is average at best.
Las Vegas has attracted several famous delicatessens.  There are now branches of Stage Deli, Carnegie Deli and Canter's Deli.  Canter's is a branch of a famous Los Angeles deli; the other two are based in New York.

Carnegie Deli should have stayed in New York.  Their sandwiches consist of two regular size pieces of rye bread, with what must be a pound of deli inside.  Large bamboo skewers hold everything together.  If that's not big enough, you can order the Woody Allen, which combines corned beef and roast beef for an even bigger sandwich.  You don't pick up the sandwich, you lift off the bread and use a fork.  Sounds good so far, but the corned beef was dry and not all that flavorful; same for the pastrami.  At breakfast, I tried the matzobrei, pancake style.  It was just an omelet with a little matzo thrown in - very disappointing.  Their menu doesn't even mention sour cream as an option - you have to ask for it.

I really wanted Carnegie Deli to be good, especially because I've stayed at The Mirage a couple of times.  I kept trying, and continued to be disappointed.  Potato latkes were large, greasy, and crispy on the outside, but the potato was the consistency of mashed potatoes.  Cheese blintzes were OK, but not good enough to order again.  The only bright spots: a hot dog that was huge and pretty good; a chocolate chip cookie that also was huge, and also was pretty good.
I forgot the name of the sandwich I got, but it was bigger than my thigh.  It was basically a brick of pastrami and a brick of turkey between two pieces of wheat bread.  I barely ate half and I kind of felt sick after from eating so much goddamn meat.
Simply the worst food I have ever had.  I was certain we were on some television show and and any moment someone would appear to tell us this was a joke.  Alas....

A complementary snack: pickles (!!!???!!!)
I ordered a roast beef sandwich, what arrived was a 3-inch-diameter ball of cold cut roast beef with some bread and lettuce all on a wooden skewer.  Others ordered a chicken with potatoes and a sea-food salad.
Chicken was yellow-green-blue and cold.  sea-food salad resembled coleslaw with worms!

I took a bite and then asked for my money back.  Only got 50% off the bill.

How do they stay in business?!
Okay, why was there such a long wait?  We got so bored, we counted the empty seats in the place, and there were more empty seats than people waiting in line.  A former waitress, I thought maybe they were understaffed, but by time we were sat, they sat to capacity, so that confused me even more as to why we had to wait 20 minutes to be sat.

Our waitress took our order, but accidentally forgot to get my husband's.  It took us a few minutes to track her back down to get her to take his order, too, so his food came out later than the rest of us, which was kind of weird.  How do you forget the 4th person's order at a table.  Again, former waitress, and I don't get it.

That said, the grilled cheese and fries were fine.  I mean, it's grilled cheese.  I'm vegetarian so this wasn't the kind of place that caters to me, which is cool.  If you're into the meat, this is the place for you.  Their sandwiches were approximately nine inches tall, no joke.  It was unlike anything I've ever seen before.  

I think I'd still like to try the real Carnegie Deli, though, because I somehow got the feeling this wasn't a good representation of the Carnegie name.  Service was lacking, wait time was illogical, and cleanliness wasn't the restaurant's forte.  I'll get back to you on all this after I check out another Carnegie Deli.
While I definitely agree with the reviews that say the matzo ball sucks, I still enjoy the large portions and generally good sandwiches here.  I usually go here after work (11pm or so) when there's no line or anything so its fine.
We came in for a quick bite before LOVE and I liked the food.  We saw that the portions were huge, so we split a sandwich and I ordered the chicken noodle soup.  The turkey sandwich was your normal turkey sandwich, but with a ton of turkey. I really liked the chicken noodle soup.  

I really wanted the pastrami sandwich because it looked really, really good -next time.

We didnt' wait at all and the service was fast and she was on top of it.
Most days I eat plain chicken breasts grilled on my Foreman, drink water and chow on raw fruits and vegetables.  Every so often, my inner fat man takes control of the impulse control portion of my brain and I shove food into my pie hole so fast it would sicken Takeru Kobayashi himself.  I had one such moment at Carnegie Deli in Vegas.  I ordered the Woody Allen, the famous coronary inducing two pound sandwich and devoured it on one sitting.  It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had, but all that gluttony put me in a bad way, gastrically speaking.

Larger portions than the NYC location and more expensive, but otherwise pretty much the same.

Minus one star for the slow and gruff service.
Foo is just as good as the one in Manhattan.. you can eat for 4 days.. at least thats what I did.. Corned beef sandwich with russian dressing on the side.. 

order extra dressing, extra bread.. you are good to go.. I do in in manhattan too.. 

the atmosphere in vegas is fun.. but its vegas.. go to NY for a treat.
Stays true to its NYC roots.  Lean, tasty pastrami and corned beef in fucktasticly big sandwiches.

The $16.95 Woody Allen sandwich is a pastrami/corned beef mix that might be bigger than Woody Allen's head (the sandwich is maybe 3 inches tall).  Highly recommend splitting the sandwich with someone else - even if they charge a couple bucks extra to do it.  Great horseradish tinged mustard.  Very good sour pickles.

They have a take-out spot that serves as a good fallback on busy sports weekends - you can just eat it in the sports book while watching the game.

So while this is NOT the place you want to be spending dinner in Vegas, it's a solid choice for lunch.  Especially if you don't live in a city with good Jewish deli.
We had just arrived and checked into the Mirage and were quite hungry, however as we had reservations for a fancy restaurant in about 3 hours and did not want to go far, we settled for Carnegie.  Wow...was this a bad choice considering our scenario.  We expected a lite snack like meal (with snack like prices) to last us until dinner, but instead we found a pricey deli that served so called sandwiches the size of your head for $15 plus $3 "sharing" fee.  The sandwixhes are basically a pile of deli meat (we had the pastrami) between two tiny pieces of bread (jsut picture a slice of wonder bread sliced diagonally) and that is it.  They serve a side of pickles.  The fries were a la carte.   
Now don't get me wrong, the pastrami was quite delicious.  However, it is just really silly to pay alomt $20 for a whole, heaping plate of jsut pastrami.  (Sure you could save $3 by not sharing, but not sharing one those sandwiches is like wishing a heart attack upon yourself.)
Good stuff - trust me, go with the Woody Allen.  It's huge and filled with tasty pastrami and corned beef.  Relatively lean pastrami, and the horseradish mustard on the table is a great match.  (I made a kickass corned beef & pastrami hash with the leftovers today.)

Yesterday I tried the cheese blintzes and a potato pancake.  Blintzes... fried?  Deep-fryer action?  Very odd, but the filling was fantastic.  The potato pancake was good, not too greasy, some noticeable onion action in there.  But here is where they lose a star from me - $13 for three small blintzes.  $5 for a decent-sized potato pancake.  I think I was offended by the receipt which listed the potato pancake as "latkes" - as in multiple items.  Uh, no, you really did charge me $5 for one latke. 

Service was also really slow.  But this was the best deli dining I've experienced east of the Mississippi (not including Canter's in LA).
I had a liverwurst sandwich on white bread
and the amount of livewurst they put on the sandwich was RIDICULOUS!

However, it was delicious.

Their deep dish apple pie was very tart without being too sweet.

Love it.

If you're feeling adventurous, there are many options, like tongue *shudder*
Got into Vegas around 10 or 11 at night, and came here for the midnight munchies.  There was a wait even at this time, but it was reasonable.

The pastrami sandwiches here are HUGE, as mentioned by other Yelpers.  My boyfriend claims it was the best pastrami sandwich he's ever had, and he's clamoring to come back.  Very very good and one of the good value places in Vegas to eat at.  Their cheesecake is also delectable.  Definitely stop by here when your stomach and your wallet needs a break from fine dining.

*** update 3/27/08
I had to take off 1 star for service this time.  The bf had a craving for pastrami so we came a little around 1 am.  The servers were unfriendly, a bit understandable for 1 am, but I was disappointed.  I also ordered a potato knish, which is huge.  Yummy, but perhaps you'd want to share.  Picture above.
The portions of meat in the sandwiches are seriously ridiculous. And to top it off... I thought the salami was disgusting. It did not taste right. And the portions were just off-putting.

The only highlight was an interesting tidbit from our server: The booth we sat in had a telephone. We were told that the owner of this place will sometimes call in and talk to the people seated at that booth to see how their experience is going... he lives on the East Coast or something. He did not call during our meal... but I thought it was intriguing to put a telephone in the booth to check on his customers himself....
Carnegie Deli beats The Hat

They fly in all the meat from NYC.
the pastrami is pretty delicious and huge.   i can't really remember anything else.
The food is good. Maybe a notch lower than the actual Carnegie Deli in New York. It's also a huuuuugggeee portion. If you don't eat that much like me, go ahead and split it with someone. You will thank yourself when the waiter plops it down on the table. Now, I am usually not one to complain about service because I used to be a waiter, but man the service stunk here. It took about twenty minutes for someone to come over and say hi to us and then another ten minutes for that same person to take our order. I don't know what was up. Maybe they were short staffed or something.
OMG - Biggest Club Sandwich I have ever seen.  And not "good" big.  It was way too big.  There is no way to eat this sandwich by taking a bite out of it.  If you try, you have to eat 1 bite out of the lettuce section, then the turkey section, and so on.  What a waste of food.

The turkey burger was pretty good.  So were the fries. 

We had a party of 10 and the service was pretty good.  I'll give them that.

I also loved the hologramed pickle jars on the walls. Pretty freakin cool.
The service sucked.  Seriously, we almost got up and walked out it took so long to get someone to talk to us.  
However...
The food was DELICIOUS.

I had the Cheese Blintzes with sour cream and applesauce.  Need some comfort food for my hangover, and it definitely delivered.  The man had a sandwich bigger than my head which worked out well since he can't eat the bread anyway. 

And they give you pickles while you're waiting for your food.  Funny pickles...
After drinking for an entire day, the family decided that to head to the Mirage to gamble. While there, I broke my high heel, watched hubby win $80 playing penny slots, and witnessed the eighth wonder of the world being placed in front of my dad at Carnegie Deli.

We initially decided to not eat dinner and then realized that you cannot party appropriately without something other than frozen drinks in your belly.  We went to Carnegie and the waitress convinced dad to order the Woody Allen- corned beef and pastrami.  Dad went with it. Mom ordered a BLT, hubby ordered a chicken breast sandwich and I ordered a grilled cheese with bacon.

I was the smartest in the group as my food was of average size.  Mom had at least a pound of bacon on her BLT and Dad...well, Dad was presented with a ten inch tall mountain of meat. My drunk bootie thought it was the funniest thing I'd ever seen and proceeded to take a video of it. It's on youtube.

Overall, this place is a kick, although they do waste an extraordinary amount of food.
Warning: Undisclosed Relish Situation (URS)

The food here is nothing compared to the Carnegie Deli in New York, and the service was far too slow. It took an hour to do a simple lunch on a Saturday, and most of that involved sitting at the table waiting for our server.

I dislike their pickles, which were too salty yet flavorless.  The latkes were the opposite - bland with no salt.   Also, my tuna salad's bread wasn't toasty and it had a URS.  Relish!!!! Why wouldn't they forewarn me???????? WHY?? I HATE relish! I have never had a tuna salad with relish in my life, and I aim to never have one again.  Maybe it would have been better if I ordered something else, but then again, how would I have known? 

Sign the petition.  Ban all URSs in this country!
About time I write about the monstrously monstrous monster sandwich. My first picture on yelp is me eating this monstrosity.

I usually make a stop here pretty much every single time I come to Vegas. Or ask people to come here to pick up food for me to go when they leave. Why? PASTRAMI.

I'm not sure what's in their pastrami, but it's like crack to me. I'll eat maybe their large sandwich worth, and then take another side of pastrami to go, for myself to make some regular sized yummy sandwiches after. The pastrami is well seasoned, with a nice peppercorny crust, and just enough marbling and fattiness to give you that juicy and chewy but tender texture. 

I don't even eat the bread or bother to put mustard on the sandwich. I just go about taking a fork to pastrami to mouth. OM NOM NOM NOM.

The sandwich is really a decent value for 13.95, if you take it home. If you end up just tossing the sandwich cause you don't feel like carrying it, don't come here. Splitting the sandwich (3$) is a good idea if you're not taking it home. 

Their other food is just OK. Nothing really to be highlighted, honestly, corned beef is pretty dry in comparison. 

I keep tempting myself to get the reuben, but something about the mound of cheese on top of meat and bread looking like a big sand dune scares me a little bit.

Yeah, service is off, sometimes. Yeah, the sandwich is grossly oversized for a lot of people. For me, it's just eat what I can, take out, and eat later.

4 stars - Pastrami is the ultimate, everything else here falls short however. Come here on your last day of Vegas, as you will have leftovers to take home.
3.5 stars. We came here b/c someone said this place has better pastrami than The Hat in L.A. but this was not true. The Hat is better! This place gives you a really thick amount of pastrami in your sandwich. You can see in the pictures here. The thinly sliced bread isn't enough to support all that meat. They should serve all that yummy pastrami in a roll instead.

Fries are a steep price ($5.95) but they are huge and we were able to share one order amongst 5 people with leftovers. They also will charge a sharing fee which sucks since the sandwiches are so big and we all can't take the leftovers home since we're on vacation. :(

Oh but our waiter was nice enough to not charge the share fee if you just order something else to eat such as fries.
It is beyond me why someone would want that much meat on a sandwich. These things are honestly a pain to eat. A pile of meat a foot high is not a sandwich.. it's a mess my friends. Service was bad, prices suck, and if memory serves they charge you to split sandwiches that obviously cannot be consumed by 1 person. This one is as crappy as the one in NYC, but without the history and charm.
The sandwiches are comical.  They're freakin' huge.  If you're not that hungry, get one to split with a friend.  I wouldn't even call it a sandwich as much as I would call it a plate of meat with bread used for meat holders.

Came here for a late breakfast/early lunch, and I needed some protein.  If I wasn't craving something meaty, I would've ordered something more breakfasty.  Luckily my friend did, and he ordered the French toast, which was money.  Go for the French toast.
I suppose this is a biased rating, as I'm not big on eating a mountain of meat, but geez!

There were maybe two things on the menu that didn't have meat and when the food came out, I was very glad I ordered the grilled vegetables (not that they tasted that great, but they didn't make my stomach explode.) The meat dishes were ridiculous, four to five servings on one sandwich. 

The food was not very tasty, insanely expensive and extremely wasteful, as only two out of eight of our party could finish their food (and one of them wound up with a tummy ache.)

Now, if you enjoy eating until you sweat and lose the ability to move, this is the place for you, but it would be cheaper and yummier to just go to the In-and-Out.
I eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner here every time I stay at the Mirage.  I love the pickles... I always get the scrambled eggs with mushrooms and mashed potatoes with gravy.... it's kinda pricey but it's worth the money.
This place has the biggest sandwiches I've seen. I'm talking HUGE. Sandwiches here should just be called a ton of meal with a side of bread. One meal is good for two, maaaybe 3 people. The food itself is alright, nothing special. I suggest just ordering an omelette or some kind of breakfast, or the beefamania is pretty good too, can't go wrong with gravy!
All I had from here was a piece of chocolate cake. I did take out and wanted to eat it in my room. It was the best piece of chocolate cake I've ever had. Yummy! It  made me wish I had dinner there instead of it's neighbor the BLT which was disguisting. 

George Carlin loved this place, trust him.
This place is scary. Their portions are huge and the food looks scary. Look at my pictures, we ordered alien babies or something. I think its  ruben sandwich and an omelet. Yucky..and it tasted gross.
Women, don't lie to the men and tell them any different. Bigger is better, and I'm not even going to front about it now. Bigger sandwiches, bigger latkes, huge plates of french fries. When I go to Carnegie I can consume my weekly caloric intake in thirty minutes with no problem. They need to make longer toothpicks for the massive amount of meat stuffed into their mile high sandwiches. A classic New York establishment, right around the corner from Carnegie Hall is where I first found this restaurant, and I was delighted to know that I could escape (especially if I had already drank a lot and squinted my eyes) back to New York where I feel so at home. The service is good, and they bring me all sorts of things not on the menu that I sneak from the nearby California Pizza Kitchen nestled inbetween Carnegie and the Sports Bar at the Mirage. A little BBQ sauce and ranch on my huge plate of fries. Three deeply fried and crispy latkes soaking in apple sauce and sour cream. They're super busy after LOVE gets out, so hit it later and feed the machine before you hit Tryst where you work it all off on the floor (and in my case also on the pole). 

It's perfect when I need to see huge mason jars full of pickles to bring me right back home to the East when I've been in Cali for too long and feel like all I've been eating are sprouts and drinking organic wheat grasses. The only thing is that even the pickle jars aren't real, they're an image on a lighted box. How appropriate considering not only are we in Vegas, but also at the Mirage, and that's exactly what this place is, a NYC classic mirage, but it does it's job nicely and fixes your cravings up well. 

PS. Take the 5th Avenue cake to go. It's killer at 5am after you're about to get alcohol poisoning while smoking in the jacuzzi tub with your new friends at the Palazzo.
Ok, this place has the biggest portions in the world, but they should have at least warned us when we ordered. We got 4 things for 4 people, coming to more than $60, and we basically threw half our food away.

You are better off ordering 1 thing and splitting it with someone, however, they will charge you $3 split charge if you do this - still more worth it than making 2 orders though, trust me.

The hot pastrami is pretty good but kind of odd that it doesn't come with a side of anything. The tuna melt is HUGE!!! It looked like a combo platter at a mexican joint covered in that mountain of cheese... 

Expect to pay $10-20/person at this casual lil restaurant.
This place makes me sick. Eat here if you're obese. When your food arrives you suddenly turn full! You're staring at at least 5 lbs of meat. Seriously that's gross. Why would you want to eat so much meat. That one sandwich could feed a family of 10. The cold cuts weren't even that great. I had way better pastrami at Safeway. 

Maybe i ordered the wrong sandwich... but seriously did not enjoy my meal at all. One good thing about Carnegie is that they probably have the best fries I have ever eaten. Better than any fast food restaurant, better than the animal style fries from In n Out.
We went to Carnegie Deli on a Monday morning (around 10:30am) for breakfast. The service was extremely slow considering the place wasn't even full. Although, once our orders were taken the food was brought out quickly (although I had to sit and wait for her to bring syrup for the french toast). My boyfriend got an omlete sandwich, which he loved. Just about everything on the breakfast menu included eggs, which isn't so good for a girl whose #1 biggest dislike is eggs. The french toast, which was delcious by the way, was the ONLY breakfast entree without eggs involved. So, good thing I like french toast. 

I probably would have given this a better review under one of the two following conditions:
a) the service wasn't terrible (she even cut me off mid-sentance when I was ordering)
b) I liked eggs and/or they had more than eggs on the breakfast menu

I've had the cheesecake from the Carnegie in New York and if they use the same receipe in Vegas, it has to be amazing. Wish I had left room in my belly to get a piece.
The sandwiches are HUGEMONGOUS first off... The pastrami is crazy big and the omelet sandwich I had was pretty big and not that easy to eat.

Service was less that desirable but not the worst I've had.
Location is right in/on the casino floor.
Everything seemed really expensive too... but everything, including the guy's pile of bacon next to us

It's an okay place to eat but if you have time/patience go elsewhere
Carnegie has the yummiest deli sandwiches. There is something about the meats that is simply amazing. I usually get the corned beef, but I have had the pastrami, too. My mouth is salivating as I type. It is that good. 

I have a couple tips/warnings: 

-The servings are huge. So either share or expect to bring food home. 
-There is only one size for french fries. So if you're eating alone, you might want to skip it because you'll be wasting a lot. 
-The place is cramp. 
-The prices are expensive. 

Weird side note - I always order iced coffee when I'm there. I usually like my coffee with cream and sugar, but the coffee plain here is super good. I can taste it right now. YUM!!! 

If you do make it to dessert, I would suggest the strawberry cheesecake. The texture is different from any other cheesecake I have tasted. It is rich in flavor. The strawberries compliment the cheesecake as opposed to being overbearing. 

If you don't mind being cramp and spending a little extra cash, then you got to try Carnegie. Try to stick to the meatier sandwiches, desserts, and iced coffee. Oh yeah, and maybe the Matzo Soup. I personally haven't had it, but I heard it was good.
NOT quite like the one in NY.

My borscht was okay but my friends' chocolate milk was powdery. Food was half cooked and our waiter was in a coma or something. 

I felt so bad convincing my friends to try this place instead of BLT (2 minutes around the corner).

The New York one gives you a VARIETY of pickles, not just the stubbed ones we got at this Mirage joint. I think NEW YORK-NEW YORK has their own Carnegie and it may be better. Why would Carnegie Deli be at the Mirage and not at NY NY? Oh, be warned if you go for the aged steaks at NY NY (Gallagher's). I had to suffer through a plane ride back to NY. Yes, I stayed at NYNY. So what, it was cheap but not Circus Circus.
if you like pastrami, you have to make a stop here.

riiiiiiidiculous sandwiches!!!!!!!!!!! sooooo much meat. these sandwiches are STACKED! 

you can easily split one of their specialties with someone (just a note they charge $3 if you share) 

we originally came because my friend said they have really good cheesecake here so all 4 of us shared a slice after consuming pounds of pastrami....the cheesecake was REALLY REALLY good. i'm not a huge huge fan of cheesecake but highly recommend the strawberry cheesecake here!!! didn't feel too heavy (even though it prob was) but the filling was really fluffy which made it seem lighter than your avg cheesecake.
So I stayed in the Mirage and every time I passed this place I wanted to stop. The sandwiches are humongous! Almost ridciulous...i felt bad, even splitting with a friend. I still wasted some of the meat. I mean who can actually take a bite out of that! Anyways the food was good but pricey. One of my friends ordered the chicken noodle soup and it was terrible. So I would stick with a sandwich if I were you. Plus they have a lot of good desserts!!
We only went there for the cheesecake. I don't know if the recipe didn't travel well from Manhattan or what but I was really disappointed.
It just wasn't very good. The crust wasn't up to standard...doughy but tough...how did they do that?
The  cheesecake itself was OK. But the worst part...$25 for a couple of slices of cheesecake and beverages. I know I am in Las Vegas, but seriously...whiskey tango foxtrot!
It's unfortunate when I can get better cheesecake at the Cheesecake Factory than Carnegie Deli. I still stop by when I'm in NYC, but I doubt I'll try this location again, anytime soon.
5 stars for the woody allen!!! that thing is huge and delicious! its 2lbs(1lb corn beef, 1lb pastrami) of carnivore heaven! this place is a must stop for me everytime i go to vegas.
Not feeling it at all....

My gf and I were looking for a quick bite before our Cirque show that night at the Mirage. We decided to stop by Carnegie's since it looked cheap and quick. 

First of all, this restaurant is dirty. The floors were sticky and the table had dried mayo/mustard stuck on it. To be honest, that kind of set the tone for the rest of the meal. Anyway, I ordered the egg salad sandwich ($7.95)and my gf ordered the turkey sandwich ($14.99). The server asked my gf if she would like cheese, lettuce, tomatoes or anything else on the sandwich. Without thinking too much about it, she simply replied with "sure". We also had an order of Matzo balls in chicken broth ($6.95).

The soup came out first and it was pretty tasty. For those of you who don't know, Matzo balls are these giant meatballs made of dough but without the meat. It was tasty and hit the spot after a long 4 hour drive  from LA to Vegas. My egg salad sandwich tasted funky. I couldn't exactly put my finger on what it was, but it tasted as if it might have been spoiled or rotten. My gf's turkey sandwich was monstrous. I took a bite and it tasted pretty normal for a turkey sandwich.

When the bill came, they apparently charged extra for cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. $2 for the cheese, $1 for the lettuce and $1 for the tomatoes. What kind of a restaurant charges extra for lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese on a sandwich? Aren't sandwiches supposed to come with these things? We ended up paying almost $20 for a freakin' turkey sandwich. The same kind you get at Subway for $6. 

All in all, we paid about $40 for two sandwiches and a bowl of soup. I would give it a lower rating if it weren't for the tasty Matzo ball soup. If you are staying in the Mirage, you can probably find better alternatives to Carnegie's.
Great matzo ball soup!  The pastrami sandwich was HUGE and it was soooo yummy with their brown mustard.  I'm still dreaming about it.  My husband had a humungous liver sandwich.  I had a couple of bites of that and it was pretty good but not as good as my pastrami sandwich.  The only disappointment was the tasteless coffee.  I'd pick this over Cravings anyday.
So a certain holiday just passed around the corner and what better way to celebrate than to roadtrip with a couple of the homies to Vegas! We originally intended to hit up the Grand Canyon, but logic came to our senses and we decided otherwise. 

For once, I don't have a sweet description of the place. It's quite typical really as it's located inside The Mirage. I mean, I guess they feel the need to offer several types of cuisines for those that have different moods and appetites. And that's understandable. But when using such a name like Carnegie, one should at least match the quality and ingredients that go into a meal. Not saying that I didn't enjoy of course. 

When ordering, they were missing several key ingredients like Rye Bread and such. How can you run an establishment without a staple in some sandwiches?! I'm normally not very critical and quite understanding, but no Rye? Makes me wanna go Homer status. All good though as I ordered myself an open-bread Turkey and Gravy along with Mashed Potatoes or the Nosh, Nosh Nanette (apparently, named after a musical). The portions are HUUUUUUUUUUUGE!!!!! How do I put a mental image on you fellow yelpers and yelpettes?! If the Hulk, the Juggernaut, and the Blob all went through what Goku and Vegeta do when they fusion and form one being......

....alright, I exaggerated just a tiny bit. But you guys get what I'm trying to put across. 

So other than them missing ingredients and such, I was actually pretty satisfied withe the whole experience. Adding of course that we drove the  Valley and enjoying our meal at 4AM and missing class the same morning, it was still quite delicious. I didn't get to have their cheesecake this time as I was ready to explode, put back into pieces, and blow up again! Of course, this doesn't compare to their Manhattan location (except for the service, cause them east coast peeps can be vicious for this poor little valley boy...NOT) but it did the job. So whenever you're around The Mirage, stop by and give it a try.
I am an honest to goodness Yankee, and yes I know this ain't even close to the real thing.  HOWEVER, this is one of my main go-to-spots in LV.  Here's why...

First, as anyone knows who has been there, walked past, or read these reviews, the portions are ginormously, astronomically, ridonculously huge.  This is a great thing to me, as I am inherently greedy.  Of course, it would be better if my hotel room had a fridge to store the leftovers, but I blame the hotels for that, not Carnegie. (Jury rig a 'fridge' in your bathroom sink or buy a cooler at CVS).  First time I went there, me and mom both ordered separate sandwiches, her the turkey club and me the prime rib.  Wrong move!  You should have seen our faces slide to the floor when they showed up and set them on the table.  We both literally had to peer AROUND our sandwiches to make eye contact.  Now, as far as prime ribs go, it was decent, but I honestly don't know what I was thinking in ordering it for myself, since I'm not really a fan.  Actually, I brainfarted and was thinking roast beef but that's my fault.  Anyway, needless to say we both had like 4 full sandwiches of leftovers to take home and for her to throw away, since she left the next morning.  So that's my first tip - split a sandwich, its so worth the extra 3 bucks or whatever to do so.  oh yeah, and go early in the day so you have time to eat those leftovers that night before they spoil.  

Second time I went, I followed her move and ordered the turkey club, was smart and split it.  The thing is to ask for extra bread so when you break all that meat and bacon and stuff down you can make actual sandwiches, instead of open-faced halves.  With a little salt and pepper and some pickle juice it was golden.  I asked for bread when I left too, don't remember if/what they charged me but it wasn't much.  

So to me, the place is great for the sheer quantity of food, even at 20 bucks a sandwich.  The 'rents went back again and my dad had the huge pastrami and said it was really good, and mom had chicken salad and also liked it (but again, get extra bread and prepare for how much you're gonna get).  One of the best things about this joint is the pickles on the table.  I'm usually having to hold myself back from eating them all (and really spoiling the appetite for the ensuing sandwich).

Also, another think I really like about Carnegie is you can get an old-fashioned egg cream here, which is basically like a carbonated thin milkshake.  So freakin good.....  The malt is good too

I'm glad to see that Carnegie is now open 24hrs, because the first couple of times I went they closed at 2am and I remember wanting a sandwich so bad after leaving Jet.  So I'll definitely be kicking off my heels in there next time I go the club, I'm sure it'll all be SO much better at 4am after the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol....
all i can say is that this place holds a special place in the hearts of me and my girls!!! nothing like stumbling into Jewish deli at 5am on our way home from the clubs.. 

where else are you served a plate of pickles upon being sat and has gefilte fish on the menu?? we were way to entertained to care about the greasy food we were eating. 

3 recommendations: go when your wasted, order the grilled cheese and fries, and ask for Maria!!!! 

We loved you Maria ;)
Pretty basic deli operation, but done correctly. HUGE portions. Oh my goodness. We ordered a simple ruben, planning to share it for two people. It was easily twice what we needed. I also (mistakenly) ordered eggs. They came out cooked exactly as requested. It's a little crowded in here, to say the least. You're pretty much sitting on top of your neighbors. But the food is great. A lot of 'delis' do just a mediocre job of slopping some cold cuts on store bought bread. This is not one of those places. It's "pricey" if you aren't smart enough to take my advice and share items. Otherwise, it's on you. Anyway, I'd definitely hit this up for breakfast or lunch, anytime.
Dude this place is awesome...I didn't even know this place existed and I come to the Mirage all the time.  Carnegie's, brought over from the origional NY location to LV, copies the same style and menu and makes legit pastrami sandwiches.  $15 will get you a hot pastrami on rye and pickle....so good!  and It could last you for 2 meals.  I've been to Katz, and compared to that place, Carnegie's is up there...not exactly the same, but comparably as good.  Love the dijon mustard
He said, " World Famous??? for what...plain bland food?...We went there for breakfast I think...although it was lunch I think...you lose track of time in Vegas by the way. So I had some eggs and sausage and once again..they looked like they were slapped on there like Chris Brown slapped Rhiana...so we ate there because we didn't want to get full..but next time we will look for some place else..."

She said,"Yeah i only got a bagel with butter and a fruit cup, thats because i didnt find anything on the menu that great. There really wasnt much for breakfeast expect for eggs and omlets. Next time i want good breakfast ill do a buffet at caesars or harrahs."
This Deli/Diner, is good.  It tastes authentic.  The proportions are huge and filling.  It's the best hang over cure around outside of NYC.
This was the only place we found to eat at 4am inside the Mirage hotel. Since we were staying at this hotel, we decided to find a quick bite here. For the wee hours, there was a good amount of people eating here. Lots of intoxicated characters too.

Lots of sandwiches on the menu here. I went with the chicken noodle soup. I was tempted to add the matzo ball too but it would've turned into an $8+ soup so I left that out. I was craving soup and it hit the spot. My friend who got the same thing agreed. I ordered the French toast which was very good. I only had a slice before my drunken-tired friend devoured the rest of it. It was probably a good call anyhow, it was late and I was ready to pass out.

All in all, this wasn't a bad place. It's not as cheap as it may seem. So if you're broke from the tables or have spent all your money in the clubs, make sure you have enough to pay for the meal here.
Where am I? 

I don't remember walking here?

I was barely functioning. 

Wait, what time is it? 

I look around. There was a good amount of people on the same boat as me. Drunk, lost and hungry. Are we inside the Mirage? I guess we are. Good, that's where our hotel is. My friends did the ordering. I put my head down for a bit. 

I woke up, had some fries and the best left over French toast of my life. Okay, someone carry me to the room please.
So many Carnegie haters!  Really?

I'm an East Coaster living in Northern California.  You want marginal deli food?  We've got it for you, in abundance!  But ah, when I get to Vegas, I know I'm going to have kosher dill pickles and  Carnegie Deli cheesecake.

I could care less about the gargantuan sanwiches or the lobby coffee shop atmosphere.  It doesn't even bother me that the nearest restroom is 10 billion miles away.  What matters is the cheesecake.

The touch decision?  Strawberry or rugalech?  Through my amazing power of persuasion (bullying, perhaps) I manage to convince my travel companion to order the other.

SO SO SO SO SO SO GOOD.  Cheesecake heaven.  Seriously.

This is the only time I *EVER* order milk, anywhere.

It's a simple equation, really.  Water and pickles, milk and cheesecake.
All I remember is waiting in line with my gf, drunk off Fat Tuesdays with our big ASS mugs. Probably the only ones drunk sitting down trying to get some food in our stomach hahaha! Anyways we split a sandwich, it was okay I guess. Only bonus was that we pretty much took a bunch of the meat and extra bread to our hotel so we had some good eats afterwards when we got back from a drunken night!
This place is crazy!!!  The sandwiches are freaking MONSTERS!  You can probably split one between four people!  We went here twice.  My freinds got the liver and roast beef.  Came with a mountain of roast beef and a baseball size scoop of liver.  Holy moly!  We had the ruben, open face, piled high with meat and topped with a layer of melted cheese.  Oh so good!!!!
Me and my buddies came here to eat before we went clubbing at Club Jet at the Mirage. We needed to eat quickly so we could get in line and actually get in. Being a guy it's harder to get into clubs, if you did not know that. It was pretty crowded in there so we got one of the last booth seats so it was nice. We sat down at a waiter came to get us our waters. Then he also brought us some salted pickles. The pickles were REALLY salty. Well they were too salty for me anyways, but my friends liked them. 

Then i got the pastrami sandwich on white bread. It was like $14 bucks....cough cough. I thought it was going to be a small sandwich that was good. And because i was in Vegas i expected it to be expensive. We did not expect the sandwiches to be so big. I tried to pick up the whole sandwich and i was stuffing my face. 

After a good 5 mins i finished the first half. I had to use a fork to eat some of it because many of it came out of the sandwich and onto my plate. I could only eat about 3/4 of the sandwich by the time i was full. 

The service was okay. It was really busy so it was kind of hard to get service and some more pickles. We were in and out of there pretty quick and we planned to come back, but we never did. Overall, a pretty good place if you are craving a pastrami or corn beef sandwich in Vegas.
Tucked away in the Mirage across from the Sports Book, is the Vegas location of the Carnegie Deli. While not as good as the original in New York by any means, it's still pretty good. But I've noticed that it's been heading south a little bit lately. Just in the last few years it's moved from a 4 star to a 3 in my book. 

I've eaten here quite a few times. My first visits were outstanding for sure. I had one of the best nova, onion, tomato, & cream cheese bagels for breakfast here. The Corned Beef and Pastrami sandwiches were perfect. The Woody Allen is featured on my photo, it's 2 lbs of corned beef stacked on 2 lbs of pastrami. I've eaten several Woody Allens (and lived to tell about it) in New York. I can say this one in Vegas is bigger. I don't think it's supposed to be, but it is. Considering the prices of some of the other sandwiches on the menu, it's almost a bargain at $17. 

But as much as I loved this place at first, it's let me down on my last 2 or 3 trips. Las Vegas Carnegie must be being run by non-deli people. How do I know this? Because mistakes are made that would cause a riot in the original. While the quality of pastrami and corned beef is excellent, it's a shot in the dark that you get it prepared correctly. My last few visits, I've had it both overcooked, and undercooked. It's important how long it sits in that steamer and that it gets put back in the steamer between sandwiches to keep it nice and moist. 4lbs of dry pastrami and corned beef isn't fun. Next problem, bad chopped liver. Huh, a deli with bad chopped liver (unheard of). The last time I had the chopped liver it was as bland as can be. No amount of salt seemed to save it either. I think someone had forgotten to add schmaltz (chicken fat) to it. The schmaltz is where all the flavor is, without it you have a dry tasteless chopped liver. And the final proof, bagels with breakfast don't come with cream cheese. They come with butter. If you want cream cheese it's $3 extra. $3 for a side of cream cheese. Now this side was huge, but you can only put so much cream cheese on a bagel, and I put a lot. You end up throwing lots of cream cheese away. In a real deli, bagels and cream cheese are more like one word. All bagels come with cream cheese. I've never heard of such a thing. 

The Carnegie also loses a star for their Mustard. Where is your deli mustard? How can it be that you are asking for brown deli mustard and they bring you grey poupon dijon. It's been a while, since I ate at the one in NY, but I've never been in any real deli, where they don't have a good brown "gulden's" style mustard. I mean that's all they have here, either yellow mustard or dijon. Are you kidding me? 

All these things are fixable, and they could be a 5 star deli if they want to be. They just need to go to deli school and brush up on the do's and don'ts. But since there are always a new batch of customers coming through the Mirage, they don't seem to care as much about the details.
You would have to go across the country to find a better New York Deli!  We were in search of the best hot dog and we were not dissappointed!  It was delicious and very reasonably priced.  Their sandwiches are meant to be shared - they are HUGE and delicious!  Cole slaw like my aunt used to make too.  The service was fairly quick and we got a seat right away - but it does get busy.  Where can you get a pastrami and egg sandwich if you don't have a Jewish mother?  Only here!  It was a great meal!
The sandwiches are GIGANTIC. Unfortunately I had just finished a burrito from Chipotle (yes the whole thing, I'm a growing woman) so I only had their soup special... but was still slobbering over everyone else's gigantic sandwiches. 

Next time....
Dude, we're in Vegas, right?? So what other time will I ever eat a full pound of cow tongue?

Usually, decisions like this are almost immediately regrettable, but in this case, the amazing flavour - and the pickles - were well worth the money and the incapacitating fullness. This place is an absolute must.
These sandwiches are huge and gigantic and can fill a king.  I love the pastrami sandwich. It is nice and juicy and I love the pickles.The service is pretty good fast.  One thing I also like is the New York Cheesecake, it is $10 however, but it is a brick. There is a ton of stuff there.  Anyways if you can not get it in New York, you can get it right in Las Vegas.
Came in on a Friday afternoon for lunch,  around 3 PM.  Talk about a late lunch!  We just flew in and was starving!  

I've been to the Carnegie in NY so I had high expectations.  It was only one of my buddies that had arrived, so we ordered 2 pastrami sandwiches and a side of fries.   But, out came only ONE pastrami sandwich!!!  Since it was huge, and the plate of fries was huge as well,  we decided to share it.  It filled us up for the time being,  but I can't believe they messed up our order.  I guess that's okay because we had a big steak dinner reservation planned for Cut later that night.   The sandwich was good, filled with massive amounts of pastrami.  

I would rate Carnegie 2nd to Katz deli in NY.

Overall good stuff.
Haters Galore.


This place is pretty good.

First of all - it gets bonus points for being a 24 hour deli.

We had the matzoh ball soup, pastrami and potato latkes (pancakes).

Ive ordered potato pancakes at many different places, on many occasions - this is the first place I've tasted that are good like the ones we make at home.

The pastrami was good - and generous.  I've been to the Carnegie Deli in NYC and I don't think theres any real difference in quality between the two.

To the people complaining about this place being "overpriced" - find a friend and split a sandwich.    Of course subway is cheaper - it should be - its jail food.  If you want an actual meal thats not trashy fast food - this place is probably the best value mid-strip.  I can't think of anywhere else midstrip that two people can have a lunch that tastes good sober for under $50 ?
Real Dill Pickles. REAL. They are amazing. Like, truly.

The sandwiches are like a foot tall. I guess that is why they are $25.

The food is average, in general. Although ... I feel like their french fries could single-handedly solve world peace. 

The service is not so good. I felt like an imposition the entire time I was there. Maybe it was because I looked like hell from the night before. But it's not like they shouldn't be used to that. It is Vegas, after all.
The only thing I had at Carnegie was the cheesecake. And WOW! It was damn good. The truffle torte cheesecake. Yes, it's pricey, but it's meant for sharing. I guess friendly service isn't their specialty. The old guy behind the counter wouldn't crack a smile or even look up to acknowledge us... until he took our money.
Hoped to have a light bite to eat before the LOVE show, big mistake to eat at Carnegie's. The sandwich we decided to share was so big we had to put it on it's side. It stood 1 1/2 feet high. Filled with turkey,corned beef, swiss cheese and cole slaw. It was a triple decker on pumpernickel. Of course we ordered a side of fries and extra slaw. 

Left there stuffed, and ready to sit through a Cirque show. All the food in Vegas is giant sized it seems, or we just have a tendency to eat big in Vegas. 

We found the service to be good.
I would give the food one star, but I have to up it to 3 stars purely for comedic reasons.  

So, we came here at like 2am one night this last weekend and proceeded to order some odd items.  

Little did we know that they would take our odd orders and come right back and make it a millions times odder!  I don't think I've laughed this much during a meal in a LONG time. 

I LIKE!

So, I had just eaten "dinner" a couple hours earlier, so I went for something light.  Cereal seemed like a safe choice.  They had some terrible choices (Cheerios, Cornflakes, Frosted Flakes, Raisin Bran, not good options!), and I figured cornflakes was probably the least offending out of all of those choices.  My other friends ordered toast and blintzes.  

So, already it's like, yeah, that's some terrible and odd food choices we made right there.

Anyway.  We order, and then begins the oddness.

First up, the pickles.  We're sitting there, being silly animals as usual, and then the waitress comes by with 6 large pickles and just plops them on our table.  

. . .

I like pickles too, but something about seeing nothing on the table but pickles made the situation really funny.  We started laughing.

And then it never stopped because here comes more:

Our food comes.  They give me my cereal on a PLATE with the milk in some sort of large half-and-half pitcher.  

Um. . .

I flag down the waitress and ask her for a deeper bowl.  She says they don't have any bowls.  (WTF?!?!)  Er....so I'm supposed to eat my cereal off a plate??  She says she can give me another plate, and I'm like, um okay I'll take it because they gave me way too much cereal on that first plate.  I figured I could scoop some onto another plate for easier eating.  So, yes.  A giant plate with overflowing cereal, and milk sitting in the middle of all that cereal in a half-and-half pitcher.  With a side of pickles.

WEIRD!

Oh, and then we turn around and see that the guy behind us had this HUGE pastrami-looking sandwich that looked about a foot-tall.  We had to go and take pictures of that thing because it was truly monstrous.  He was a grown man, and he looked scared of it too.  My friend noted that "even when he was finished with the sandwich, it was still 3896 feet tall!"  

AWESOME.

We went through our meal, laughing and shaking our heads.  By the end, the pickles were untouched, so I decided to give it a try.  I learned that pickles, dipped in apple sauce and sour cream (from the blintzes), are quite delicious!  Odd combination, but better than straightup sour!

All in all, one of the strangest meals I've never had, yet also one of the most fun and satisfying of my life too!  

Thank you, Mirage, for your odd eateries.  I approve!
MASSIVE sandwich. good enough for two ppl or 3 ppl if you are really light eaters. 

Got the $18 Woody Allen's sandwich - loaded w/ tons of pastrami and corned beef. 

Though it was huge, the taste was just okay. Both the pastrami and corned beef were thinly sliced and was a bit on the dry end. The pastrami tasted like hot dog. Service was fast but that's because we requested for it since we had a show to catch in 30min.

i, personally, still prefer Langer's juicy thick cut pastrami at Los Angeles, CA.
Ridiculously overpriced. $9 for a slice of cheesecake. It was good, but I've had better. Too bad the Stage isn't around anymore.
Huge, huge, HUGE sandwiches that beg to be split. That is why they charge a $3 sharing fee. No problem. The service was a bit slow, so we never got refills on our beverages, but from what I could tell, our waiter had at least 12 tables in the cramped and bustling recreation of a NY institution. The pastrami was a little dry- I should have gone with my gut and gotten the open-faced melt with cheese, because the crusty mustard pot on the table scared me. By the time I ate here, I was done with casino atmosphere, noise, and prices. But this was worth the trek from Mandalay Bay to the Mirage, and splitting a sammy and plate of fries plus 2 iced teas was easy on the budget; a good lunch option on the Strip.
I had alway's heard about this place on the Food Network but for some reason I never knew there was one in Las Vegas.  I only found it because my fiancee and I were going to watch Beatles Love at the Mirage and that's when I saw it.  

We were seated right away and after a lengthy look at the menu my fiancee decided on the chicken soup with noodles and I finally decided on getting the Woody Allen.  The waiter warned me that it was a very big sandwich and just wanted to make sure I knew what I was getting myself into. 

The soup was brought out and in the bowl was some noodles and the chicken soup in a little pitcher.  They pour the soup onto the noodles in front of you.  She loved the soup but I thought it was kind of bland.

The sandwich finally arrived and OMG this thing is freaking huge.  If you love corned beef and pastrami you will love this sandwich.  One thing's for sure, they give you plenty of meat.  Spread on some of their homemade mustard and take an occasional bite of their homemade pickles and everything just seems to meld with each other.  

I only ate half the sandwich and I took the rest home.  The waiter was nice enough to give me a little container to take some of the homemade mustard home so I packed the meat, mustard and a few pickles and used my own bread at home to make another sandwich and it was just as good.

Definitely have to go back there the next time I'm in Vegas again.  Their desserts looked really good too.
Best pastrami sandwich i have ever had. Also the most expensive! Great atmosphere if you wanna take a break from gambling or need to fill the ol' gut before a night of drinking. A friend of mine who is a lover of jewish food also said their matzo ball soup was the best he has ever had at a restaurant.
I can't really give an in-depth review of this place because I only ordered a turkey sandwich to-go from here.  But man, that was a huge turkey sandwich!  Followed by mass sleepiness.  Carnegie is very well known for its huge sandwiches, which is why I bothered to order a sandwich from here.  The place is open late so if you have that late night craving for some meat and you're at or near  the Mirage, this is the spot.  Though I am a loyalist to Canter's next door at TI.  Maybe next time I go to Vegas I'll try one of their specialty sandwiches and see it I can add another star.
Excellent late night sandwich joint-- the basics are all respected here, and while they don't blow away the deli's of New York, this is an excellent place to get your nosh on.  Massive meals... The deserts are very good, and this is such a steal if you take your food to go and cram it in your hotel fridge.   Very polite service. I haven't tried them all, but I've been to over 10 vegas deli's...this by far kicks it the best. 

The Reuben is delicious, you'll really have to look to find it on the menu, what's delivered I won't crush with spoilers, but you're in for something. 

Recommended.

In the Mirage, and open 24 hours during weekends.  Excellent, if pricey, breakfast option (bagels, lox and some eggs anyone?) NOT for light eaters.
Stopped by here on our way to Cirque Du Soleil and ordered some latkes. They were OK, not exactly what I was expecting. Since when are latkes deep fried? I guess maybe I don't know what one is (since I always pan fry my latkes/potato pancakes, that's just how I roll). They weren't super greasy or anything, just not that great. Good with applesauce and decent with sour cream. This place is also a bit expensive. $12 for a plate of 3 latkes? Granted they were huge, but STILL, it's potatoes, a few onion bits & oil... How expensive can it really be? Ugh. Also, others at my table had food items that were way more costly than they should have been. Anyway, I don't really recommend this place. With all the other food options in Vegas, you can do WAY better for a cheaper price possibly.
I actually did not enjoy anything about the food that we got from here.

The fact that regardless of the place, regardless of the 14 oz of meant, $14.95 for a roast beef sandwich is BEYOND ridiculous.

And what does it come with? Meat and bread.

BUT WAIT! Thats not all!

For only $1.50 extra, you can get a slice of cheese.

And for $1 extra, you can have lettuce and tomato.

...wtf?

I LOVE roast beef sandwiches. Absolutely love them. I was not aware it was possible to make a bad roast beef sandwich.

This was definitely the WORST sandwich I have ever had, in any variety.

First of all, the roast beef did not taste like anything. It was bizarre. It tasted like water.

And the issue with Vegas is the concept of less is more is OUT THE WINDOW.

We had to completely de-construct the sandwich before we could even take a bite. There was nearly a pound of roast beef ROLLED into a huge roll and slapped on these squirrely pieces of bread. 

Not to mention there was a half a pound of iceberg lettuce and white onion. What DELI doesnt offer red onion??

It was such a disappointment. Especially since the bf had really wanted a pastrami sandwich, which is also never bad, which I vetoed because I had a queasy belly and wanted something with a little less flavor. NOT SOMETHING WITH NO FLAVOR.

It was just an absolute failure. Depression and a failure. ):
The food is generous. Most people ordered omlettes here. The bacon is excellent. The service staff were excellent.
Located inside the Mirage, Carnegie Delicatessen is a "New York" style deli serving casual food. I came here twice during my stay in Vegas, once for Breakfast and another time for lunch and both times, I did leave full, but disappointed. 

It has the Carnegie Delicatessen has the "NY" feel to it and located almost in the middle of the casino. Open 24hours they offer a good selection of breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. Prices here at Carnegie Delicatessen are on the high side. Basic breakfast items such as omelets, pancakes, and such, starting around $8 and goes as high as $20. Sides here will run you around $4 - $5. For lunch they offer a good selection of hot and cold sandwiches and things like chicken livers, hash, meatloaf, etc starting around $12 - $24. Pretty spendy for the type of food you get that usually runs about at half the price. 

For breakfast, just needed something to fill the stomach and got a basic bagel and cream cheese. The bagel, well for a "NY" deli, tasted something I could get at Costco. Honestly, nothing special. Everyone else got eggs and one guy got a burger and fries at 6AM and they ate it because after a night of drinking, what else are you going to do. The waitress at this time was a bit bitchy, but not sure if it was us or she was just in a foul mood. Also the service was slow and she forgot my friend's fries. 

When I came here for lunch with my brother, service here was nonexistent. They had plenty of servers, at one point I think I counted about 4 or 5 of them gathered just chatting away in a corner while several of us were waiting to get served and several tables had dirty dishes on them. 

Brother was suffering from a hangover and decided to get the mozaball soup and I got the hot dog and some fries. When we got our food, I have to give them credit for their portion size. My brother got a big bowl of soup and I got literally a foot long hot dog and a plate of fries piled up high. My brother didn't like his soup at all and this even suffering from a massive hangover when anything tastes good. My hot dog was decent though the homemade sauerkraut was excellent. It was probably a notch better than a hotdog you would be able to get at Costco as it was a bit spicy which I liked. The fries were ok. Nothing special to report about. 

The waitress on the other hand, was more interested in talking to her fellow servers than say, bring us a bill. My brother and I waited about 15 minutes before we flagged down someone else to bring us our bill and that took an additional 10 minutes as 2 other tables in our same area requested the same thing. 

As to rating, honestly the food is just average but its WAY overpriced. The service here is just plain lousy both times I came here. There are SO MANY other options here, that Carnegie Delicatessen is a waste of time and unless you're coming here at 3AM and no other place is open, I would highly advise people to skip out. They got good portions, but that's about it, 2 stars for Carnegie Delicatessen.
I ate 4 pickles. I'm not going to get into another trip down memory lane regarding Frank's Deli (RIP) but I did have some moments while I was here. 

We decided to split a Reuben which came open faced, so we requested additional slices of rye.  The bread was so fresh, soft and delicious.  In the end, we formed 2 enormous sandwiches. I'm pretty surprised I didn't have a heart attack at the table. The amount of meat was insane and there were probably 4 slices of Swiss cheese melted on top. No one person could eat that whole thing, right? 

Overall, the sandwich was good but the meat was fattier than I like. That didn't stop me from eating almost all of my half though. With 4 pickles.
Meh.  Very expensive, no options whatsoever for something small and less than $15, and the grilled cheese my friend ordered was beyond greasy.  I know by nature a grilled cheese will be somewhat greasy because you butter the bread to get it nice and crispy, but this was literally puddling grease on the plate.  Nothing here is light.  I did enjoy the plate of pickles.  The service was a bit surly, maybe because it was around midnight and not very crowded.

This place draws a huge breakfast crowd so maybe the breakfast is better.  But, the wait always looks so long that I just don't see myself returning here.
I returned and tried the liverwurst on white bread again.

TOO MUCH LIVERWURST.
Sigh.

I feel bad wasting so much.  I wish they had half portions available.
I'll come to your rescue Carnegie Deli!! I just at there this weekend for lunch, and i must say my "Woody Allen" half corned Beef half Pastrami was amazing! I added swiss cheese to the mix and yea, it was bigger then my head! Throw on some spicy brown mustard and im in heaven! Im good off the ridiculously salty Pickles even though my friends seemed to enjoy them, but that sandwich rocked! I had never not been able to finish a sammy and i tapped out after half. I will be coming back soon, well...maybe...i live in san jose. hahaha.
2.5 stars

I was not impressed with breakfast here as it was quite average.. We weren't happy with the service either.. they were less professional than other restaurants/people we came across

We ordered french toast, one corned beef omelette, and two pastrami omelettes.

I didn't even finish my omelette because there wasn't really anything special to it! No vegetables whatsoever.. I would have thought they woulda made it fancy somehow
Based on others review, I guess I must have been here on a good day.  While in Vegas, I was fortunate to eat here a few times.   Of course I had to experience their Corned Beef on Rye.  Yes, the sandwich was extremely expensive, but it was HUGE and I thought it was delicious.  I also really enjoyed their mustard and pickles.

Even though Carnegie is a deli typically specializing in deli meats, they actually had one of the best hamburgers I had in years.   The burger was not only moist and juicy but it had exceptionally good flavor.  Believe me, I was surprised such a burger can come out of a deli.  Their french fries were delicious as well.  Yes, everything pretty much comes ala carte but their french fries were tasty.

Lastly we ordered some dessert, yes their NY cheesecake is something you don't want to miss (especially if you love cheesecake).  But the surprise was their silk chocolate cake.  It was better than I had expected and was a fine conclusion to a meal.

Carnegie may be a NY deli cliche but they really do have some delicious selections and an exceptional burger.  If you come to LV and have a craving for deli meats, this is the place I would go.


Decor: 3 Stars (decorated like a deli)
Service: 3 Stars (okay service)
Atmosphere: 3 Stars (not bad)
Food Quality: 5 Stars (really great)
Quantity of Food: 5 Stars (how can anyone finish their portions?)
Price: 4 Stars (almost worth the high price)

For a Grand Total of 4 Stars.
Updating and upgrading to a three-star, A-OK rating because I did have to eat here again as I had no other breakfast options.  I got a bacon and egg sandwich on wheat with cheddar from the takeout area and it was very tasty.  It came out in about five minutes, was super hot, had lots of bacon scrambled in with the eggs (and cheese) and was really big.  And, the man working the takeout counter was downright pleasant.  So, I would now return here but I would stick to takeout and maybe stick to an egg sandwich.
Everything is HUGE. My friend got a slice of the Strawberry Cheesecake and I swear it was the size of my FACE. It was pretty good, very rich. It has a good texture but an odd aftertaste. I can't see myself getting anything from here myself though. It's too big.
Had my first ever Pierogi at the Carnegie Deli tonight.

Basically it is a boiled dumpling filled with mashed potatoes and cheese, wrapped in a slightly chewy dough.  They served with sour cream on the side.  My favorite part was the skin (chewy dough).

Since I was a Pierogi virgin, I couldn't tell if this was authentic or not.  In general, it is hard to go wrong with cheese and potatoes...
The Pierogi's and Knish along with the hot Pastrami on Rye where unbelievably awesome.  Egg creme and cheesecake all made me feel like back east.  It's a little on the pricy side as most places on the strip but well worth the extra $.
Utter crap.

Now I don't mind shelling out the bucks when the food's good and the service is rockin', but Carnegie Deli had neither going on that night.  The waitress declined to state that adding cheese to a sandwich was an extra $1.50 and lettuce & tomato was an extra $1.00.  She also somehow heard "turkey sandwich" when I unmistakeably said corned beef.  The restaurant was *not busy* and there were tons of waiters working, but we never got our pickles even though other tables around us did, so I finally had to ask for them.  I don't know what was going on that night, but a bunch of the waiters appeared to be getting into an argument right by our table.

And then I got to watch my corned beef sandwich go cold on the service counter for 10 whole minutes until the waitress finally brought it over.  Because I'd added cheese and lettuce and was splitting with a friend, my tepid sandwich ended up costing over $20.  BEFORE TIP.  I hope this restaurant burns down!!!!

Also, I had a bite of my friend's cheesecake.  It was thick and heavy as a brick and the crust tasted like chalk.

How much more clear can I be than to say DON'T EAT HERE!
As I mentioned in a previous review, Carnegie Deli is my all-time favorite for hot pastrami.  I've had the others and in New York City, Carnegie reigns supreme...in my book, it is the holy grail of hot pastrami, almost a religious experience every time I dine there.  I love the hot pastrami on rye there (the only thing to order other than cheesecake) so much that I have been known to cab it there to have some while en route to a really fancy and expensive business dinner.  Yes, I love it that much.  Can you say revered?

I have been wanting to try the Vegas outlet of Carnegie Deli in the Mirage ever since it opened, but for the last three trips, I somehow just never made it there.  This time I was determined and was there for lunch within an hour of my arrival.  I ordered the hot pastrami (with pickles and mustard on the side) and it was everything I had hoped for.  

The sandwich was crazy tall and huge...you could barely get your mouth around it as it was so big.  The pastrami was so incredibly flavorful and juicy, just like at the Carnegie in New York City.  The sandwich was $15.95, but I was in total heaven.  It is exactly like that at the original location, the only difference being that it seemed just a touch spicier at the Vegas location which was just fine with me.  The service was great too.  

Struck up a conversation with an elderly couple next to me who did not know what to order and they ended up having the same thing and loved it.  The people at the other table noticed that they ordered it and started telling us how much they loved the hot pastrami here.  It was a recurring theme throughout the meal and it was as though we were all on a pilgrimage for hot pastrami sandwiches.  

Believe it or not, I ate the whole thing and was full for hours.  I actually had to postpone dinner and even then made it a super light one because of my sandwich at Carnegie.  When I finished eating, I remember saying to myself that I could die happy right now. That is one heckuva sandwich!
After eating at the Canter's Deli in Hollywood, CA. I decided to eat at Carnegie Deli thinking it would be the same.  Since it was Vegas, the prices were very high.  I paid $25 for my Corned Beef Reuben.  Plus, this wasn't even a sandwich.  It was 2 peices of Rye laying on the plate with literally 5 pounds of Corned Beef, and 1/2 ound of swiss.  I had to eat it with a fork.  I had a about 6 bites of it and I was done.  

It took us about 30 minutes to get a table, then about 15 minutes to get the drinks, then another 10 to order our meal, and another 30 minutes to receive the food.  I was so pissed.  I'm not going to even get into how long it took to get the bill, ask questions about it, then finally get change.  BTW, i didnt even get the check from the original waitress.

So, I decided to get a box to bring the food with me because i could not through it out.  I put it in a bag, and I ended up carrying it around with me all over Las Vegas because i still had to get a hotel room for the night.  Pretty bad experience.  

Overall, service SUCKS.  Portions are WAY to big.  The Potato Knish was the best thing i ever had and is the only reason i gave this place 3 stars.
Total Shit Hole.  I dined here alone on my way to the airport.  I received the worst service ever!  Im not too sure what this bitches problem was.  i was seated by the hostess.  I sat there for at least 15 minutes before I went back up to her to let it be known I hadnt received service yet.  She was very apologetic.  So, here comes the Wicked Bitch of the West.  Comes over to my table and just stands there with her pen poised  (but doesnt say a word) - I order.  I tell her in addition to my scrambled eggs and toast I would also like an iced tea.  Her response "I dont get the drinks"  ok this is just WrOnG!  She sends some dude over to take my drink order - like she couldnt have just said hey get her an iced tea. 
So, here comes the food.  She brings my food out at the same time as the table next to me.  She starts handing out the food to both tables at the same time.  this bothered me.  she passes my eggs to me in front of the mans face next to me. gross.
Then she argues with me that I ordered Wheat Toast when I in fact ordered White.  Ya know what I'm not even gonna tell you the rest.
This place sucks and thats that!
Goose Egg Bitch!!!!!
Five stars for a the outrageously yummy, and fairly priced, latkes. They were like, the best latkes I have ever had. The boyfriend had the hot pastrami sandwich. He somehow managed to eat the whole thing. 

Our service was great, and honestly, where do all you price complainers eat? McDonalds? Because you are paying for a giant pile of real meat. The prices aren't that bad.  Also, our service was really great. But what really made our experience fun was just the people around us. It was a hilarious atmosphere after everyone got those gargantuan sandwiches and just looked at them, boggled.
Not as good as the New York Original, but OK for a foodie in need while in Las Vegas. 

I was sicker than a dog with a chest cold this past Spring Break, and my husband and I braved the line at the Carnegie so I could get some Matzo Ball Soup. My husband had his usual of the mile high Pastrami Sandwich, and I ingested two bowls of Matzo Ball Soup. Yes, two bowls... When you are that sick, the thought of eating on previous days was not appealing. All it took was that golden bowl of broth and Matzo to make me feel a little bit better for the day. 

The food was great as per usual at Carnegie. However, being in a smokey casino kind of sucked. The servers are also really rude but they had lines wrapped around the place. So I guess they were just worn out and short with people as per usual.
Very tasty sandwiches. We had the chicken salad and that very tall corned beef/pastrami. Also had very tasty fries and we all liked the knish, Ask for pickles, they were free.
I like Deli's....I really like Deli's when they're connected to where you're staying while in Vegas.  This, was one of those places.  It was open 24 hours so we could feast whenever our little hearts desired...and we desired A LOT, trust me.  Nothing like a good ol' Deli to make the good times roll through the night and day.  Try one of their famous OBESE sandwiches...you'll know it when you see the picture of it.  It's the size of my stomach, nobody could possibly fit that whole things into their mouths....oh wait....that just happened.
I have not been to any other locations of the Carnegie Deli but I have to say that I enjoyed myself at the location inside the Mirage Hotel.  I had an awesome turkey burger here with my family after watching LOVE.  There was NO waiting time involved as far as a seating was concerned. The only thing that sort of bugged me was that there was no restroom closer to the restaurant than the one nearest the LOVE box office. The menu is huge and the portions are a bit more than "substantial".  I had thought about ordering fries but I thought that would just be too much. What a glutton I was already! HA! My Uncle had the pastrami omelette, my aunt had soup and my mother had a pastrami sandwich. It was amazing. The service was just OK.  It was a bit over priced but it was a fun time. It was vegas so I guess that's why it didn't seem to bother us. I'd return for a 2nd visit. That would be fun...let's hope I get a more attentive server next time. Other than that, good stuff!!
We ended up here when BLT Burger was closed (which is not a bad burger). 

I ordered a Woody Allen.  It was disgusting.  Just a huge pile of meat on some stale Rye bread which probably came off the day old rack at the local supermarket (not good bread at all)  The meat was OK, good flavor but dry and the sandwich concept must have escaped them.  Much better deli in Montreal.

Others ordered a BLT to share.  Again, you can't eat it like a sandwich.  They left most of it on the plate.  Who wants to individually chew on some iceberg lettuce, turkey, bacon, and dry bread for 20 bucks.  The reason a BLT works is those go good together.  A giant stack of a sandwich where you have to eat the mediocre ingredients individually? Jen had soup which could have come from a can. 

 Why did we come here again?  Oh yeah, plan B.
about 10 of us rolled in and placed our orders to go. i ordered the carnegie burger which came out pretty fast. my friend, who ordered after me asked for sauteed onions had to wait much longer. we had all received our orders and his was still unseen. when we asked the manager behind the counter, he gave us a snicker with a side of attitude about how he was working it out.

customer service. ZERO.

the burger itself was nothing notable. two stars.
I'll rate a 5***** just because this place deserves a much higher rating overall ,the food Is so good here, pastrami is as good as you can get! Deserts out of this world! You should try it for your self Huge portions be prepared to share with somebody $3 extra plate charge a fair price I can eat and I couldn't finish my 1/2 Ruben they are that big! We also got fries to share and we couldn't even put a dent into those they too were good but I'd pass on them next time no need for sides with 
Sandwiches this big don't let the lower rating scare you away ,I'm hard on places that don't stand up to the hype and hate to just give out 5 star but this place earned it !
Nobody does Corned Beef and Pastrami like the Carnegie does Corned Beef and Pastrami.

This is a pretty darned close close to the Original on 7th Avenue.

There's Kosher Salamis hanging over the deli counter, drying to savory goodness.  The dessert case is drool-inducing.  It's even got the same black and white checkered tile floor as the original.

The old standby, the Woody Allen, ($17.95) stands higher than 6 inches, absolutely STUFFED with Corned Beef and Pastrami.  It's easily a sharer.  (There is a sharing charge, but if that bothers you, get it to go and eat it back in your hotel room.)

The Corned Beef is delectably packed with flavor and just fatty enough, and the spice of the Pastrami cuts through the richness.

The service here is not as rushed as in NYC, nor are the tables quite as closely packed (But they are tight.)

The cheesecake is as imposingly large as it is delicious.  I stick with the Fresh Strawberry.

I gotta say:  The pickles are better in NYC.  But being that this is 2000 miles away, and in the middle of a desert, I'd say the Carnegie @ Mirage does a fine job of living up to its' reputation.
This place is not cheap. That being said, it is not expensive either. How you ask? Because of the ludicrously ridiculously, absurdly, monstrous "portion" of food you receive when ordering. Luckily for me, I brought my appetite. And to the amazement of the entire staff, and my neighbors, I finished my entire HUGE portion of french toast (see three slices of at least one inch thick bread Texas toast style), two eggs over easy, the equivalent to a half POUND of bacon and a large OJ. The sandwiches here are piled sooooooooo high, that instead of toothpicks, they use METAL BARBECUE PIT SKEWERS!!!! Redonkulous! Obviously many of the diners here did not know what to expect. When the food comes out, the looks on their faces are priceless!!!! Go, bring your appetite.
Sandwiches are CRAZY huge, which would be great if you have a fridge handy for leftovers.

I ordered the Woody Allen, a 2 lb. pastrami and corned beef monster. I ended up eating about a 1/4 of the entire sandwich: made it through the corned beef on one HALF of  the sandwich, and couldn't eat any more. I didn't mind paying $20 for a sandwich-- you can't be too frugal on the strip -- but wasting all that food was just a shame. You can split sandwiches for a $3.50 plate fee, but the fact that they don't have anything smaller than 1lb. of meat on a sandwich just doesn't make sense. 

What I did have was delicious, and service for us was decent, but out of control portion sizes mean I won't be coming back.
YIKES!!! Watch out for the bigger than your head sandwiches they serve here. We're talking massive mounds of meat between rye bread. 

Hot tip: Save your money and split everything from the sandwiches to the dessert to the fries. You'll still leave here full and your wallet will as well.
Not as good as NYC- but pretty close. This is the best that I found in Las Vegas for Deli food. The variety at Carnegie makes Canters at T.I. look totally pathetic. The Service is also good, despite a line around the restaurant extending into the Casino for Brunch. If you haven't been to a Carnegie Before, get the Woody Allen. You can't go wrong.
For the price, it wasn't worth it.
Yes the servings are massive, but the sandwich doesn't include anything but the meat on bread.
I ordered the corned beef, and had to pay $3 for a small serving of coleslaw and $1.50 for Russian dressing, so that there was something on the sandwich.
There were a lot of fatty pieces in the sandwich also, not very appetizing.
PLUS, my husband ended up getting sick from his lunch, since his brisket was very greasy.
Maes, Norms, Denny's, Alertos... these are true 24 hour joints.

This deli was a huge rip off. While it was the closest place open to us at that hour of night (3am at the Mirage) it was still not a deal. Everything on the menu was double digits! I guess this place is ideal for rich or loaded people.

For the three of us, we ordered a pastrami/corned beef sandwich which was definitely good (I think a lot of it had to do w/ the fact that I've never tried a sandwich like that). They charged us 3 bucks for sharing the food, talk about a rip. I didn't have anyone to share with, so I ended up sharing with my other two friends... sigh. I think I'll save the money and get like five 5-dollar footlongs next time.

P.S. The spicy yellow sauce in the squeeze bottle was good at least.
Just wanted to write an update since I had the chance to eat here last night.  Let me start by saying that the food at this Deli is unmatched in Vegas.  The portions are gigantic and the flavor and freshness is unsurpassable.  I would love to give this place five stars, because the food is five star food. 

Alas, the two major complaints about the restaurant cannot go unnoticed.  The service is very uptight and rude to not allow substitutions and to charge for every little extra ($3 to share a plate).  I'm a huge portion eater but for those that don't eat a lot a one sitting you basically have to share one sandwich and it just seems like an easy way to make a $25 sandwich a $30 sandwich quickly. 

If you can stand the extra money I urge you to give them a shot, and this review is coming from someone who luckily is best friends with a former employee and has always been treated above and beyond at Carnegie... so, I try to be as unbiased as possible.
Meh....I could have lived without having to experiencing this place. Food was alright and the service wasn't the greatest.  (And not in the New York kind of way...just not available)  I could have spent $20 on breakfast somewhere else.
Huge portions, you always get really good pickles, which as far as I can taste must be home made or at least made the real live bacteria way. Prepare to bring 2/3 with you home. Service is satisfactory, but not over the top and I've had to stand in line every time I visit (three times until now).
Not what I was expecting.  

When I get drunk I can eat....and I mean eat.  Now when you mix my high metabolism with a day of vegas walking and drinking I could probably start my own Man Vs. Food show....the drunk version.

I stumbled into this place on my poor wife's shoulder the night we got there.  I say poor wife because I have a good 90 pounds on her.  The whole experience was fuzzy....but my wife did mention I was speaking Spanish with the guy taking orders...When I start ordering food in Spanish and talking conversations, I know i'm hammered.

Apart from the long wait, we ordered the woody. A very large, bland, dry sandwich consisting of roast beer and pastrami.  Between the both of us we ate HALF.  Not because it was so big or anything, but because we couldn't bare to eat the other half.  In fact! Housekeeping didn't even pick it up for 2 days.  Apparently they knew something about that sandwich we didn't. 

Seriously over priced sandwich that's weak sauce...
I hate delis.... but Carnegie deli had the MOST amazing pastrami sandwich in the world. Like WHAT THE HECK? How do you even make a pastrami sandwich like that? It's a little pricey, but if you're in Vegas you HAVE to order this sandwich. I wouldn't get ANYTHING else on the menu! Especially that pastrami sandwich with egg or whatever that crap is. 

The original pastrami sandwich is again the ONLY thing you should be ordering from this place. That and extra pickles! This place was just SOOOO delicious because of that one sandwich. Again! Don't order ANYTHING else! I recommend eating half the sandwich and then taking the other half to go so that you can eat it after your drunk!

And to all you dumbies who didn't give this place 4-5 stars... YOU ARE RETARDED! You didn't order what this place is famous for! That's why I can't emphasize enough just get the original pastrami sandwich. DON'T BE A CHEAPO and think you can order a sandwich with pastrami and something else just because it's a couple bucks cheaper. You're already in Vegas! Splurge a little and get the real deal!
We got into Vegas late and we wanted something quick. We saw Carnegie's and decided to bite. I got the pastrami sandwich my wife got the chicken soup. We got back to the room, unwrapped everything and wow.. We ended up splitting it because the sandwich had, i swear, 4lbs of meat on it!

In short, Carnegie in the Mirage is the bomb.. Headed there for breakfast now!
No. No. No. This place is about as far away from the real thing as Las Vegas is from NYC.
Don't even bother. You will be paying $20 for an absurd amount of deli meat and bread. Tastes average. I have been to the original Carnegie deli in NYC and the only difference is you don't have an entire wall full of autographed celebrity pictures. Both places suck, I'm sorry I ever went to either.
Great big sandwiches just like the original in New York. The waitresses also exude that abrasive type attitude that you'd expect from a deli in New York. I thought it was great anyway. This place is also open 24 hours also which makes it nice for a late night snack. Oh and the cheesecake is pretty darn good too.
As good as the one in new York.  $20 for a snadwich that you can eat for three meals at least!  Best deli around.
Inside the mirage hotel
The "woody Allen" is A monster of a sandwich with 2 thin slices of bread and 5 inches of meat. There us no way you can eat this with your bare hands without meat falling. I wouldn't say the meat was extremely amazing. The waiter said the sandwich is the one most people order. I assume it's because people have an inner desire to consume the monstrous sandwich. I wasn't able to finish half without feeling overwhelmed with the mountain of meat I had before me.

Even though the sandwich was ok, the mustard sauce that came with it was amazing. It really added the kick I wanted. It made the sandwich that much better. 

I had to chow down on some of the meat first to make the meal enjoyable. Make sure to use the wrapper to eat it. Don't bother trying to pick up the sandwich as is. It will fall apart on you, guarantee.
These sandwiches scare me.....
PICKLES!!!!!!!!!!!
what? I got excited when I saw the GINORMOUS pickle placed in front of me. I would expect that kind of thing at a country fair, but shoot I'm not complaining, bring it on :)

Busy as any other diner would be, plus any place in Vegas, so put those things together and you get Carnegie. HUGE portions, tons of meat to make any man weaker in the knees than Kim Kardashian could.

I couldn't take all that carnivorous goodness so I opted for french toast that was bigger than my head. Coffee was good too, not watery but not blessed by the coffee bean gods either.

Another sight to see in Vegas
I never thought i could spend 20 dollars for a sandwhich and be ok with it. I was. It was worth every penny. The club is to die for; the pastrami is D-licious. The serivce wasn't bad, but it did leave a little to be desired. The food was so good i didn't care. I've never been to the main one in New York, but if this little chain in the Mirage is this good, I might just make a trip.
This deli located in the Mirage is a great place for lunch.  The portions are huge for practically everything on the menu, so be prepared to share (or take the leftovers with you) unless you have a huge appetite.  The sandwiches are amazing with my favorite being the Reuben or corn beef.  The Nova Salmon platter with bagels and creme cheese are also one of my favorites.  I'm not a huge dessert person, but their desserts look spectacular (also huge).  They also make great breakfast food.  This is one of those places where everything on the menu is delicious.  The service is also excellent.  Don't miss the half and full sour dill pickles they bring before the meal (you may have to ask, but they are free).  This place deserves every one of the 5 stars I am giving it.  Oh yeah, and they do accept American Express now.
Matzo ball soup and pastrami on rye combo.  Simply awesome.  I was at a convention in town by myself so I had a lot of time on my iPhone and looking at the environs.  Weird architecture and design (like purple jacks on the ceiling), but the food was classic Jewish Deli and I enjoyed it.  Reminiscent of Fairfax District in LA, Farmer's Market, good times....
The portion of food here were huge. You need 2 people to eat one dish and we got a lot of food. I would not of tried this place if the other restaurant would let a toddler in the fine dining so we settle for this place.
Ok so one of our entourage in our bachelor party said this place is the bomb..whatevers! I'm here right now and the waitress doesn't remember who ordered what! Have to ask them for more water! Top it off we waited 40 mins to get seated and another 40 mins for our orders! We should just have went to Denny's better tasting food and probably better service!
We had an early flight, so upon waiting for check-in at the Mirage, we stopped here for some breakfast.  If you like Pastrami, definitely give this place a try...their sandwich is like a mile high...SERIOUSLY!!! They'll also give you extra bread to break down the meat...and their homemade dill pickles are the perfect complement to the pastrami.

The prices were a little all over the place.  I ordered a hot open-faced roast beef sandwich, which was like $20!!! while the mile-high pastrami, as well as many other sandwich faves, ran about $14. 

My fiance ordered a cheeseburger, and that looked kinda crappy...while the corned beef and the pastrami omelettes were pretty tasty (try adding mushrooms and cheese...yum).  Their dessert display was eye-catching...the cheescakes were GINORMOUS!!! Way more than a foot in diameter, all flushed with strawberries...yummy.

If you're living the Vegas life, and dont have the patience to sit and eat, they also do take out.  A couple of times, I just woke-up, went downstairs, ordered an omelette, and took it back upstairs to share with my fiance.  They're pretty fast too...I placed my order, went next door to Starbucks, and when I came back, it was pretty much read-to-go!

Definitely a  good place to try for breakfast or lunch!
Like my friends Dennis T and Smitcha B said before... This place is just alright. It's open and it's food. 
The problem I have with this place is that the portions are HUGE. They are meant for giants from Harry Potter. I think Hagrid would go to town on this shit. When i'm in Vegas, the liquid diet commences and I can't eat much. When i say liquid diet, i mean i'm drinking a lot of booze. I dont' mean i'm starving myself to shrivel up like a supermodel. C'mon now, I love food!
Anyway the portions are HUGE. Even if you try to order a regular sandwich like I did, the amount of meat they give you in the sandwich is at least 4 inches thick. I honestly cannot eat THAT much pastrami. 
People who order the triple deckers are nuts. Has the guy from Man VS Food come here yet!?!? It's disgusting.
Anyway.. the quality of the pastrami itself is sufficient. I ate about half the meat in my sandwich but I found myself dipping it into a lot of ketchup and deli mustard.
I came back for breakfast because this was the only place close that wasn't a buffet. I had the 3 eggs [scrambled]w/ bacon from the breakfast menu. I think the eggs they were steroided out eggs or something because it DID NOT look like 3 eggs. It eggs took up more than half my plate and looked like at least 6 eggs. INSANE.
The pickles however, would be enough for Snooki from Jersey Shore to cream her panties.
The pastrami isn't that great, and neither is the corned beef. The only good thing is that they pile it up high. Other than that, this place is nothing special. It's great if you're staying in the Mirage, or if you're hungry in the middle of the night, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Outstanding deli food. Two of us shared a sandwich (corned beef, Turkey, Cole slaw and Russian dressing on pumpernickel) and neither of us could finish half. There is a $3.00 charge for sharing. The BLT must come with a pound of Bacon and the side of fries was enough for 4 people. Come hungry!
HUGEEEEEE pastrami sandwich. Honestly, America, this is why your fat. I shared this is a guy and we still had leftover. I had to take out about half the meat in my half and take it to-go. They're super nice though, gave me extra bread so I could make a whole new sandwich with my leftovers.

It was pretty good, not something I would be dying to eat when in Vegas but definitely glad I got to take a picture with it,..haha
This place cured my hangover, so 4 stars for that alone.  

Here was the magical cure:  pastrami on rye, root beer, cheesecake.  I was in pretty bad shape, but after that meal, I was cured!  Magical!
This is located inside the Mirage. It open very late, luckily. I was hungry as I was drinking all night and gambling. We ate here twice!! Two nights in a row cause we were in the Mirage gambling. The Pastrami sandwiches was very good, it was huge. It's good for late night and lunch I would think. I must agree, the prices are super expensive. I think it was 15$? or more. I guess it's located inside Mirage which is why. Hey it's still beat eating McDonald though and it was the only thing open. I shared this with my girl and it got us both full. 

I would recommend this place if you're gambling at Mirage late at night and wanted something to eat. Or eat it during lunch and share it with someone on an ordinary day in Vegas to save some cash.
How disappointing.  You need to go to New York if you want to try the Carnegie.  There is no comparison.  I ate at the one at Mirage and couldn't believe how bad they had gotten.  When I went home with my wife's father who had never been to New York, I was reluctant to take him to the Carnegie.  However, the one in New York is still excellent.

Maybe I am being a little critical, because you won't get a sandwich this big anywhere else in town.
Seriously, meh, not impressed.  Justin E. wanted to check this place out because he'd been to the one in New York. I was pessimistic, but any opportunity to yelp something new, right? 

The service was relatively good.  Waiters were attentive and came around often enough, but the food was simply subpar - especially for the price.  I wasn't feeling too hungry at the time, so I ordered a BLT.  I thought it would be a safe bet seeing how much meat was loaded on the sandwiches around me. Bad move! There was just as much meat in my sandwich...to the point where I had no idea how I was going to eat it... and at the halfway point... I couldn't bare to eat anymore... chances are, my heart would have stopped with another bite.

Overall, meh. It's a fine novelty, I will admit, but why it's at the Mirage and not New York, New York, I don't understand.  I would recommend sharing a sandwich with another person because someone with an average appetite is not likely to finish even half of their meal.  It helps the environment to not waste food and it also helps with saving money (who knows, the money you save may turn into a win at the roulette table. ;] ).
I went to Carnegie for breakfast and I ordered the Pastrami and Egg sandwich on rye for $11 and to my surprise it was all egg with tiny bits of pastrami. I also sampled the hamburger which was okay and the mushroom omelet which was good, but not great.

Carnegie Delicatessen & Restaurant is decent, and the pictures on Yelp make it look worth trying, but be warned that the huge sandwiches you see start at $20+ and I don't believe it's worth it for the money. 3 people ate for $50 pre-tip. Service is friendly, but slow. I would not eat here again.  

Tip: Open 24 Hours day. Breakfast items come with toast and French fries, but the sandwiches don't come with any sides so you have order it a la carte. I tried the potato salad which was fairly good.
It's just not the same. I've been to the real Carnegie Deli and I know... it's an unfair comparison. Oh wait, no it's not. They have the same name. They want to be compared. It's not like I'm asking for something amazing. And just like the Hofbrauhaus in Las Vegas doesn't compare to Munich (see my other review), this does not compare to New York.

First of all, the bread is not as fresh. The meat portions, though still generous, are less too. The service was good, as was the location (right next to the sports book in the Mirage). However, it is also more expensive than the expensive Carnegie Deli in New York. Combine it all together, and I was sad. I had my hopes up, and it was just... lacking.

Still, maybe if I find myself up after placing a bet on some sports game at the Mirage, maybe I'll head on over (inebriated would help), and get my pastrami on rye. And then I'll reminisce about my trip to New York... and the real thing...

Then again, if I was up enough, I could just fly to New York and get the real thing. One can hope...
2 stars for what I order I kinda expected better 

for all the choices listed I think I should of went with something else I was told there rye sandwich was massive should of known that before I placed my order for eggs hash and all beef franks, my friends corned beef omlette looked better, their pickles that the offer you are saltier then you expect, Valasic pickles got a better crunch and taste in my opinion the ones offered here needed water to get through it.

sunny side eggs standard, hash was standard also, all beef frank 1inch sliced just ok

I don't think I would visit this place again, sorry folks no go for me

food ** not so great
service *** es ok
price $$ most dishes over $10
ambiance ** middle of a casino haha diner feeling so not there
Expensive. $30 with tip and that was only to SHARE one sandwich, however, it is the largest sandwich on the planet.  If I could have sugar, I'd order one of the deserts as they look great. It is very crowded and fast paced, but what do you expect for next to the sports book at The Mirage.
We stayed at the Mirage our last Vegas trip and had breakfast here one morning.  My fiance had the lox and eggs and I had the eggs and bacon.  We thought the prices were a little high for breakfast, ($11-13 ea) but the portions were so huge!  Both entrees came with bagel, and country potatoes as well.  Mine had 5-6 slice of bacon!  We were so full we didn't eat lunch and had a late dinner.  We will share next time, even though our server probably won't be too happy with us :p
Please read my first review for more details... 

I think they read my review because on this visit there was brown deli mustard on every table. I'm not sure what brand it was, but had a nice flavor. Maybe a little Dijon added to it, but still a brown deli mustard and not the grey poupon they were trying to pass off for the last couple of years. I got the $22 Ruben and had them make it half pastrami and half corned beef. Although the menu says no substitutions, my waitress managed to pull it off for me. But no guarantees that you can order it that way in the future. The pastrami side was a little more juicy than the corned beef side. This Ruben can't be finished by one person, I gave it a good go and got through about 2/3rds of it before giving up. It really is for sharing. I asked the waitress if anyone has ever finished one, she said no. Now I'm sure one of those Nathan's Hot Dog eating champions could do it. But for your normal big eater, it's not going to happen. I've even finished the Woody Allen a few times. But this Ruben and it's 8 thick slices of melted swiss cheese covering corned beef that is 4" thick on a plate that is about 12" long. Add about an inch of sauerkraut and serve it on 4 slices of rye bread...enough said. 

This Carnegie is still not as good as the original, but still pretty darn good.
Yuk I asked for corned beef on toasted rye after a long wait i recieved a tough to chew pastrami on untoasted rye. I agreed to try it rather than wait. It was terrible. The waitress could see I only ate a couple of bites but still charged me full price. So I did what I never do I left not tip and left still hungry. Canters and Langers in Los Angeles still kick as.
After I got off the plane, I met up with my friends who were already getting their drink on.  We were all pretty hungry, so we decided to grab a bite here.  We were staying in Vegas for three nights, so we didn't want to break the bank quite yet.

I ordered the Hot Pastrami Sandwich, and my friends ordered a Corned Beef and Egg Sandwich and a Brisket of Beef Sandwich.  We also ordered some fries to go with our sandwiches, and my friend got a Matzo Ball Soup.  The fries came out first, and damn it was a huge pile!  They were thick and crispy and very delicious!  The sandwiches were ginormous!  The meat was piled high and I had to pick out some of the meat before I could even attempt to take a bite.  The meat was very tasty and not too salty.  

The sandwiches do seem a bit pricey, but when you're in Vegas, you can't expect anything that cheap in the major hotels.  And they do give you a really big portion.  They also stay open late, so you can get a bite to eat in between party hopping.
Located in Mirage casino

This is a place where I could say you pay for what you get.  A sandwich that costs around 20.  Although they do have other items on the menu that cost less, but since your here might as well get what they are known for.  

They are known for their mountain high sandwiches.  I mean what i said "mountain high sandwiches".  You get tons and tons of meat it's crazy.  
It's really hard to finish so I suggest sharing one. 

I ordered the Woody Allen which is piled high with pastrami and corn beef. I would say it's good but after awhile it is a little too much. They have a variety of other sandwiches but you can order in moderation and not get the really big sandwiches.
I was at the Mirage today for a trade show and decided to finally give this joint a try.  I should have known better when I saw that you had to be seated by a hostess.....what Deli seats you with a hostess?  Seriously?

Anyway, I asked to be seated and she sat me at a two top table that had place settings, but the table was still dirty with small pieces of pickle on the table....gross.

After browsing the menu, I almost left.  The prices were ridiculous!  I decided to stick it out and be a trooper and give the place a chance.  I ordered a $15.99 Hot Pastrami Sandwich on Rye Bread.....that's right folks.....that's not a typo....$15.99 for a Hot Pastrami Sandwich and it doesn't come with Chips or Fries.....FREE pickles though, which tasted pretty good.

To wash it down, I ordered an Iced Tea and Water.....the server didn't leave me any straws (I hate that by the way).....yet every other table around me had straws.....and I watched....nobody asked for them, they were just given to them by their server.  Maybe my server was having an off day....I don't know.

The food came out pretty fast.  The Pastrami Sandwich is your typical New York Style.......5 inches of meat that's impossible to put in your mouth.  Since my name isn't Joey Chestnut (Google him), I took a fork and pulled 20% of it out so that I could eat it like a normal person.

Besides the complimentary Pickles that were awesome, the other thing that saved this joint from a 1 Star was the Deli Mustard on the table.....man was it awesome!  I doused each bit with this Mustard....which made the sandwich edible because the Pastrami was dried out and too chewy.  Also, the crust of the Rye Bread was tough....had a Beef Jerky texture to it.....what?  I've never had Rye Bread like that......maybe it's normal, but not in my book.

I forced myself to finish it because I didn't want my $25 meal (Iced Tea was $3.50 for glass, plus tax and gratuity) to go to waste.  I'm not a cheapskate, but damn I can have some great meals for $25.

Will I come back?  Not unless you're paying the bill.
best cheesecake of all time ! i don't know how the one in new york can be better ( but i'm sure it is  ) and  every other  cheesecake besides  Carnegie's  and Junior's is fake.
Think of this review more as a 3.45 if anything.

I came to Carnegie some time back but before I was a religious yelper. When a buddy suggested we get sandwiches for lunch right when we got into town, I had no idea we would find our way back to this place. 

All I remember are the portions are gigantic ($3 sharing fee) and at this time, I was thinking with my stomach than my head and ordered something solo (mind you, I had a MAJOR case of food poisoning the day prior so I was feeling like I was running on empty). I got the Woody Allen which comes with pastrami and corned beef.

When it came out, it was STACKED to the max. I forgot how to eat it. It went well with the deli mustard that sits at the table. 

Disappointments this time around:
- One of my friends got the beef tongue and said it was flavorless. There was nothing in the sandwich in the self that would make it "saucy" to eat... and the way this beef tongue was, there didn't appear to be any natural juices.

- The portion sizes are a bit wacky. A side of fries for $6 (which were cooked perfectly) was a pretty good size. For about $5 we also got a small bowl of potato salad and a small baked potato that didn't even come out with any butter, sour cream or chives!

The waitress noticed that we waited a long haul without getting any of the items we requested (sauce, extra place settings, etc.) so she came by, graciously apologized, and got us an extra order of fries. That's great customer service there.

I'm not sure under what pretenses I'll come back here, I'm sure there are other pastrami places to explore in Vegas!
I was in the mood for something basic and the old man was in the mood for something HUGE.....hence Carnegie Deli...best of both worlds! I ordered the bacon and egg breakfast sandwich....really good!!! The old man ordered the Woody Allen and after spending about 5 minutes figuring out how to lift it up off the plate, he got through half of it before boxing up the rest!  Props for eating falf of that madness though...the mountain of pastrami is hard not to stare at!
Very tasty food!  Not the same atmosphere as one would find in NY (missing the standard 'cheeky' waiters), but the food is still quite the same.  The food is a bit pricey, but I think it is actually cheaper than one would find it in NYC, so eat up!  ;-)  The portions are humongous, so you will get your money's worth, and no-- there are no half-sized sandwiches (I asked!...  I think they should have a half sandwich with soup, which is usually a staple in every other deli I have ever been to).  I recommend the basics: matzo ball soup, corned beef or pastrami, and a few pickles!
We went on a sunday morning, and this place wuz jamm packed!!! No time 2 sit and eat... We ordered the pastrami sandwich, (that mustve been like over $20) dang!!! It wuz huge!!! Not a good idea trying 2 eat that in the car. Mounds of sliced pastrami wuz awesome!!! I'm a sucker wen it comes 2 desserts so i had 2 get the mini plain cheesecake (think that wuz almost $10!) we saw this place on the food channel and we're glad we got 2 try this place.
This place was awesome! I never knew a sandwich could be made so big until I came here. Carnegie was a little bit pricey but you get a ton of meat and many people take the extra meat home and make a sandwich for later. My boyfriend and I came back to this place to taste their cheesecake which was good nothing to special besides the once again big portion. Overall, I really liked this place. The one bad thing about this was the service was slow both times we were there otherwise I would definitely try it out!
The Woody Allen is just HYPE. I came here for our last meal in Vegas and since we were staying at the Mirage, it was convenient. We ordered to go and went back to our rooms to enjoy a nice quiet lunch since the restaurant was bustlin' with morning brunchers. Originally we were going to order just a salad and maybe an omelet, but I let my eyes eat and so the boyfriend and I decided to split the Woody Allen. I admit, its a sight or the eyes. The meat wasn't distributed well though. I had wished they had mixed the corned beef and the pastrami together more instead of one on top of the other. Luckily we asked for extra bread so I was able to make two sandwiches out of my half of the sandwich. Yes there was THAT much meat! The meat in general was pretty dry and lacked a lot of flavors. I barely finished it and saved my second sandwich for the flight home which looking in retrospect was a darn good idea. ;) I think it tasted better on the way home all soggy than it did fresh. I am SOO happy we ordered fries because it was probably the most enjoyable part of the meal! It was perfect shoe string fries, well fried and seasoned! Order this and skip the woody allen. Their menu is extensive so I'm sure you'll find something

We didn't get charged for sharing which I'm thinking is because we ordered it togo. Awesome! Just some food for thought!
Okay, so I've been to the Carnegie Deli in New York, and it is fantastic. I was staying that the mirage and remembered how awesome the New York location was and decided I had to take my girlfriend there. Wrong Decision. This place was awful in comparison to the New York location.

The food was okay, which is not saying much for Carnegie, because the New York location has FANTASTIC food. I'm also a little peeved because in NY, you can get the Blintzes with their fruit toppings, and we couldn't here. That was the first strike, since Blintzes at Carnegie are amazing. I had the Corned Beef Hash and my girlfriend had the Thick Cut Ham and 3 eggs with home fries. I was really expecting a lot out of the hash because they are known for their amazing Pastrami and Corned Beef. Wasn't impressed. It just didn't have a lot of flavor. It wasn't bad flavor, but there wasn't much there to taste. It seemed like the way they cooked it took the flavor out of the corned beef. Maybe I should have gone with the Pastrami Hash, but who knows? Anyways, my girlfriends meal was definitely better than mine, much more on par with the breakfast I expected at Carnegie. The ham was cooked and had a nice caramelization going on. The fried eggs over easy were cooked perfectly, but the home fries just weren't that great. The inside was a little dry and the outside was a little soggy without much flavor. That was probably the most disappointing part for me because I absolutely love good home fries.

Next, the service. The service here is bad, especially in comparison to NY. I hate to keep comparing it to NY, but if you are going to use their name, it's gonna happen. In NY, the employees seemed happy, lots of smiles, friendly, and it was like they enjoyed working their. Here, I didn't see a single smile and every employee looked like they wanted to punch someone in the face. Our server asked us what we wanted to eat like 3 times in the first 2 minutes we were there, but we needed a bit to decide, and they didn't return for 20 more minutes. I said a needed a couple minutes, not 20. The kicker, though, was at the end of the meal. In case you couldn't tell from other reviews, the portions are HUGE here. So, I obviously had some of my hash left over (about a third of it) and wanted a box. When I asked for a box, the server asked "Are you serious?" and looked at me like I was an idiot. No, I was joking! You caught me! (Sarcasm).

In conclusion, don't go to Carnegie unless you are in New York. Walk the extra 20 feet down the hallway and go to BLT Burger, where you will not be disappointed.
Ok cool... I saw a thing about the NY location on the Travel Channel and I got to try the one in Vegas. This is more of a place to go to so you can say afterward to your friends, "Yeah I've had Carnegie Deli!" and that's pretty much it. 

Their sandwiches were not bad, but I don't know when I would ever crave something stacked with meat that is a mile high. Although I must admit their their pastrami and corned beef were pretty darn good... It's a fun place for late night eating, and to see people's reactions when their food comes out, haha. This place charges a fee for splitting plates... thank god it was not a per person fee!
They specialize in Pastrami I think. I chose the grilled cheese with ham and a side of bacon. PHAT I know but it hit the spot sooo good. ;) The boys ordered some sammies and omelets with pastrami. I tasted them, A ok! I should have gotten the BLT it looked so good!
Better than the hot pastrami in NYC. 
Worth coming back to. Enormous portions, great service, and price in line with other eateries. Breakfasts are good, too.
Best. Cheesecake. Ever.
Having heard so much about this place, I made it a personal mission to wrap my lips around a giant meat sandwich while I was in Vegas this time around. 

Being Miss Drunkie McDrunkerson, I sent the beau across the way to pick me up the fabulous sounding Bacon Whoopie (chicken salad with bacon!). He returned with the most fabulously large sandwich, and I was ecstatic. 

The chicken salad was delicious--better than the stuff I make at home--and the bacon was thick and crisp. I had Swiss added and  asked for sourdough and it turned out to be the perfect combination. 

My only issue with this sammy was the way it was layered. I get the whole 'big sandwich' theme going' on (I know they have a reputation to keep) but I've never been someone to get excited over a third piece of bread in the middle of my sandwich. The layering went like this, from the bottom up: bread, chicken salad, Swiss, bread, bacon, half a head of iceberg lettuce, one whole tomato. I promptly dismantled the thing and layered it the way it should have been: bacon and other toppings carefully crammed against the chicken salad and cheese and topped with the second (and last) piece of bread. 

I will definitely eat here again and I won't have any problem putting a little work into the darn thing to make it perfect!
HOLY. MOLY.

When you first sit down and read the menu, don't be alarmed by the prices. It's super spendy, but the portions are so huge. I recommend sharing.

I had the Reuben and it was so good, but my husband wouldn't share so both of us ended up wasting a half of a Reuben.

My brother in law had some sandwich that was at least a foot high, and he said it was super yums.

My mother in law had the lox with scrambled eggs and she said it was so good she had it two days in a row.

What's really good about the cured meats is they aren't salty. They really know how to do it.

The coffee and service were excellent, and the coffee is even better when you pair it with a piece of their legit NY cheesecake. O.M.G. to die for!!! split it with at least four people though...
A sandwich at Carnegie Deli is something straight out of Man v. Food. It's so packed with meats that you know Adam Richman's gonna unhinge his jaw just to pack it all in.  Except it's not Adam Richman - it's me and I'm thanking my stars that I decided to share the sandwich with my fella.

We got the roast beef to share (supposedly $3 charge for the extra plate, but my server did me a solid and let us share for free).  For about $19bucks there was easily 2lbs of roast beef. Super tender and meaty, but not too flavorful - a little salt and pepper and brown mustard and it was meat heaven.  For an additional $6bucks we shared an enormous plate of fries. Light and crispy and tasty.

The service was decent and the desserts looked bangin' but we were too full for a piece of cheesecake.  Maybe next time...
Don't believe the hype!

After hearing how "fantastic" the New York location is, I had to try the Vegas location.

The sign on the front says "open 24 hours", as you sit down, there's a sign at the table that says "open till 2am". uuummm...that's not 24/7. FAIL #1

Ordered the corned beef sandwich. A plate with a massive size serving arrived 15 minutes after placing the order. Sour Kraut cost an additional $3. FAIL #2

Picked up my sandwich and the cheapy bread deteriorated. FAIL #3

Ended up dipping my corned beef slices in Thousand Island (extra $3) sauce as my meal. FAIL #4 & 5

Overall...would I come back? HELL NO! Over priced Oscar Mayer!

Want a GREAT corned beef sandwich?! Go to Brent's Deli in Northridge, CA! And it comes with fries, sour kraut, and Thousand Island dressing.
Unfortunately, I find the Carnegie Deli to be highly overrated and most of its flavor comes from the hype. It truly has the potential to be a really good and fun place but it just does not live up to the fame. The pastrami is has more fat and is not as tender as I am used to, their corned beef is cut so thin that it loses much of the flavor it had (or it possibly never had the flavor), the pickled herring is covered in way too much mayo (who covers pickled fish in may anyhow, a good dish turned awful!!!). It was just disappointment after disappointment. One of the key elements to a good sandwich, particularly an all meat sandwich is the bread the bread was awful to say the least, it was no better than a mid-priced loaf at a cheap grocery store. Although I had no quarrels with the matzo ball soup, it was quite tasty (although pricey). I will NOT RETURN for another visit. 
Although if you are into hype, cheap (bad) food, and disappointment Carnegie Deli is a must visit deli.
i wanted a pie for my litte sisters Birthday they have the best pie so we go to order a pie and they said "A whole Pie???" we wer like yes a whole pie. He said ok and charged us 35 $ for a pie wich is fine but then he asked us can you take it like this? (with no box) i was like um no we need a box because it needs to travel across town. So he huffed and said ill try to find something,like they had never sold a whole pie before??? they ended up giving us a sardene box or some random box from the kitchen i was furious I asked for a manager because i didnt want to bring this beautiful pie i just paid almost fourty dollars for home in a dirty box. The manager was not helpful and said they had no other box Pie is wonderful the people there are asses.I cant really go back cus i made a pretty big fuss too bad.jerks.
My favorite meal of my last Vegas trip was HERE!!

Although I have Jewish heritage, I don't actually know all that much about traditional Jewish food.
This place was awesome! They served complimentary pickled tomatoes and pickles as appetizer! (and some swear by these as hangover remedies)

The service was quick and the staff very pleasant. Our waiter was super nice and helpful. He even managed to take a few pictures of our group amidst all their hustle and bustle!

My entire group enjoyed the food. We all had different breakfast options.

Be prepared, the portions are humongous--definitely your money's worth. I'd say you can easily split most dishes between 2 people! We all had plenty of leftovers...

Also, I saw a bunch of people eating these giant sandwiches stuffed with freshly sliced deli meats & they looked BOMB!
Next time I am in vegas, I am coming back for one of those
So like most people, I have always heard of the brilliance of Carnegie Deli in New York.  When my boyfriend and I found this hidden away in The Mirage, we decided to jump in and order some food.

The place was busy!  Although the seating area was at max capacity, the service was still pretty good minus a few blunders [i.e.  The boyfriend getting coffee when he ordered a soda].  Blunders are forgivable; especially when the place is busy.

So the boyfriend ordered some kinda of burger with a huge plate of fries [I don't know why fries aren't complimentary on The Strip --- not American!] while I stuck with the Meat Loaf.  Portions are gigantic --- just like the hype!  Too bad everything tasted bland.

The thing that makes me give it 3-stars though is dirty utensils.  I don't care how busy it easy.  Dirty utensils at my table and all surrounding tables is NOT OKAY!
For west coasters, Carnegie is equivalent to Jerry's Deli in California. I had the potato pancakes and the pierogi, both were great but I was also very buzzed. I would return here.
I am always looking for a great pastrami sandwich, so when my friend told me that there was a Carnegie's Deli inside the Mirage Hotel I had to go and check it out.

When I went there in October 2010, I saw the size of the sandwiches and was intimidated, so since I was there during breakfast I ordered an omelette instead.  I tried the pastrami omelette and for $12.99 I got a huge omelette with yummy pastrami, home fries and toast.  Definitely worth the price.

This time when I went I was going to try the sandwich , but once again I was intimiated with I saw 2 pretty big guys (big meaning 2 men that were over 6 feet tall & they were in shape) sharing 1 sandwich and they couldn't even finish it.  So once again I ordered an omelette.  This time I tried the corned beef omelette, with home fries and toast for $12.99 and once I again I enjoyed my meal.  

The food is good, the portion are huge for the price and the service was good.  One day I'll have the courage to try the sandwich.
When you just want a boatload of meat - well - this is the place.  I like to get the pastrami and corn beef sandwich with an extra slice of bread.

This last time we got it to go - and ate it up in our room because we wanted to go into a coma after eating all that!!!  LOL!   They did an excellent job of packing up the to-go order - making sure they included utensils, hot mustard, wrapped up the extra bread separately and pickles.

Had also the chicken salad (hey, we needed some veggies) and that was also very good.
Fabulous food. Insane prices.  Sanwhiches the size of your father's head.  For a 'food Jew' (definition:  a person of Jewish background who only participates in the food aspect of Judism when available 'cause it's that kind'a good) I was OBSESSED with the matza ball soup, and I know my matza ball soup.  Yum.  
The pickles were AMAZING.  AND I DON'T EVEN REALLY LIKE PICKLES!! 
They have a sharing fee of $3, so when I had a taste of my husbands omlette (also amazing!!) I felt all crazy and sly doing it.  I have never felt that way about eating eggs before.
Good food. Fun. The line can be long.  
It sounds insane to pay a $3 sharing fee, but the food can be HUGE so it's worth it. (One lady was so taken aback by her meal that she simply stared at it for a full five minutes before digging in... I watched it happen..)
Carnegie Deli @ Mirage - a good spot if you're really in the mood for BIG sandwiches and good matzo ball soup.  I had the pastrami sandwich and I tell you it was HUGE!  2 people can eat one sandwich 'cos it's piled up high - about 6" tall!  

Delicious!  Not the same quality as New York's Carnegie Deli but it's closer to me than New York so I'd visit Carnegie Deli in Las Vegas again.
It is horrifying how quickly I can inhale one of the pastrami sandwiches here. We're talking Shark Week or something.

There's like a pound of meat on the thing, and there's legitimately spicy brown mustard dripping out of the sandwich onto my hand, from both pieces of soft, seeded rye bread. I'm lucky I don't bite a knuckle off. The pastrami, cured and smoked in-house, is tender, flavorful, moist and marbled with fat. Yeah, it's not diet food.

Since Carnegie is open all night it's one of the best late-night options in town, especially if you're not trying to eat bar food or casino coffee shop fare.
I have always enjoyed Carnegie Deli, but not sure what happened this trip!  The prices seemed over the top and maybe it was just me being frugal, but charging $14,00 for 2 little cups of lemonade for a 2 yr. old and a 5 yr. old, seemed a little extravagant!  No refills, and hardly touched - I could have cooked a whole meal for that price! 

Also on the menu was a pastrami sandwifch, a hamburger, some french fries, and french toast.  Total cost of lunch $85+

Sorry, but I won't be back.  I can find food just as good without being taken advantage of!
Those ads they have in the Mirage for this place are killer when you're hungry.  Look at all that freaking meat!  Too bad having a pound of pastrami between two tiny slices of bread is only great in theory.

I ordered the hot pastrami sandwich here.  The sandwich is indeed huge, and the pastrami itself was pretty good, but after eating the sandwich, I began to realize how much I LIKE having some greens, mayo, and cheese in my sandwiches.  The sandwich exploded after a few bites anyway so it almost became just eating a plate full of pastrami with some bread.  I found myself licking grease off the roof of my mouth after the meal, which kinda just made me feel very unhealthy.

I tried a bit of their regular cheesecake.  It's different from a lot of other cheesecakes you'll find, because it's a lot creamier and taller, but it was lacking in flavor.  If you do order a cheesecake, don't order it plain.

In conclusion: You get what they advertise, but after the first few bites, you may realize that it's not a good thing.
This is probably one of the most overhyped places in Vegas. During a late night meal here, I ordered a hot pastrami sandwich. What arrived was a massive amount of meat with two small pieces of bread and a side pickle. No veggies, no condiments, just meat and bread. The price? $15. You would be better served going across the street to McDonalds for some late night eats.
Mmm hmm (clears throat), channeling Zero Mostel. There are way too many people posting reviews who don't know anything about Jewish delis. Big sandwiches are part of the tradition; if you don't like it, eat at the boring California Pizza Kitchen next door. I'm sure their serving size is more appropriate to your needs.
I admittedly have not been to New York to visit Katz's or Second Avenue Deli. However, I have been to Langer's, Brent's and Canter's in LA, and when it's on, this is the best pastrami sandwich I have ever tasted. Juicy, peppery, pastrami steamed just right! Fan-freaking-tastic. The smell in this restaurant makes me swoon in pastrami lust. 
But this is not a one-note deli. If you like stuffed cabbage, please try theirs. This is the best stuffed cabbage I have ever tasted (I know, I know I said the same thing with the pastrami!) Delectable sweet and sour sauce with raisins. The ratio of sweet to sour is perfect. Amazing!
I haven't even gotten to the knishes. Again, when they're on, these are the best I've sunk my teeth into. The right mix of garlic and onions inside for an incredibly perfect pastrami compliment.
Also, if you like kishke, try theirs. No, it's not homemade like Brent's, but it is prepared well, with a rich, spicy flavor. The scrumptious gravy is the icing on the kishke. Try their brown gravy with the knish as well. Woah. I am drooling just thinking about it!
came here for post nye snack. our server was really nice but service was a bit slow. the pastrami sandwich looks insane...basically a mountain of meat and a side of bread. kind of disgusting actually. i ordered the bacon and egg sandwich...it was good but nothing really special about it. for $11.99 it was quite a rip off considering it doesn't even come with fries. some friends got the chicken noodle soup after not being happy with their original orders of borsch (spelling?)...the soup was quite tasty despite not having any chicken in it. would i come back? probably not since there are so many other places where you can go for late night food on the strip.
Their pastrami is dry and boring, especially on the kaiser roll. The pickles are terrible and the guy at the counter was crabby. There really isn't a good casual place to eat at the Mirage, but don't waste your time here. Two pastrami sandwiches and a soda to go cost $38.
Carnegie Deli is located at the Mirage Hotel. I came late here for late night munchies, so it wasn't very crowded. It gets pretty crowded during the day, so plan out your day accordingly.  

 I highly recommend this place because the Pastrami was amazing.  I love pastrami and am always looking for places that have good pastrami.  This is by far one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've had at Jewish Delis.
Pastrami on rye.
Huge portions, good quality food.
I love the pickles that they give you as an appetizer.

The only downside is the ridiculous fee they charge if you split the sandwich with another person.  Who in their right mind would try to eat by him/herself a sandwich the size of a carry-on bag?
Don't get the chicken noodle soup. No chicken. Just a pile of thin noodles in a bowl then you pour Luke warm yellow broth over it.  You have to pay extra for tomato and lettuce on sandwiches. Split a sandwich and add the fixin's
I always try to make it over here for some deli on a Vegas trip. The Mr. has never had Carnegie before so it was a must. 

Yeah yeah, it is nothing like the real thing in NYC but for being in Vegas this place is pretty damn good and I just like it. 

The black and whites are much better at Canter's in LA but damn who doesn't love a black and white.
I'm gonna start a fight but be it in Vegas or NYC, Carnegie serves the best pastrami in the US.

This location is not as authentic as the original NYC location.  Service is too friendly and you are never rushed. Additionally, they serve huge portions more for show than anything else.  This is what keeps this place from getting the full five stars.

The pastrami and mustard are the same as the NYC location.  Perfect in every respect.  The sandwich is also just as big.  Were talking over four inches of pastrami between two insignificant, steamed pieces of rye bread.  Slather on some of their incredible mustard and you're in heart attack heaven.

Their brisket, tongue, and turkey are all good but why would you even want to have anything other than the classic.

There are no small portions here. No healthy options either unless you plan to just eat pickles.

Even if there is a service charge to share your food, I strongly recommend it.  Cold pastrami in the room the next morning with a hangover... ugh.
We went here on our way back to our Condo, wanted a quick snack before bed (considering it was already a late night). We look around, see this small cafeteria like deli, thought, that place MUST be reasonable. We sit down and order a "simple" pastrami sandwich, cheeseburger. Then we asked if it came with fries, she said separate - she wasn't kidding a small plate for 10.99 -- yikes! 
Pastrami was a pound of meat between two slices of bread, cheeseburger - very bland, and the fries look the same as Jack In The Boxe's curly fries. 
Not impressed -- what was the kicker is the $45 bill for those three items.

I would not recommend this for a quick snack, I could have taken a cab and ate for that price.
If you haven't been to the NY location, this is a close as you will get.  The sandwiches are huge.  The pastrami and corned beef are some of the best in the country.  My wife had chicken noodle soup and really enjoyed it.  Love the pickles.  Two big differences:  room between the tables and friendly waitresses.
Update the sandwhiches are still rock solid here but they have had some service problems on my last two visits.  They aren't using a very good turket these days either.


Hands down the best Deli in Las Vegas, and one of the best in the Western United States.  The Reuben here is legendary. Understated on the menu, but good luck on finishing it'! Do yourself a favor--  don't delve into researching it too much, Carnegie's take on the Reuben is exaggerated, excessive, extra ordinary, over blown, and over executed, it's a masterpiece. Let it be a surprise. 

My gripe would be the turkey they serve here. It's above average, but it pales in comparison to the outstanding corned beef and pastram, which is as superior as any in the country. 

The diner style dishes are prepared fresh, things like Meat Loaf, fried chicken, open faced burgers are superb. 

Breakfast is excellent, and reminiscent of what you'd find at any great Manhattan deli.

All the bread is fresh baked on the premises, and the service is quick.***brutally busy at times, sometimes it's smart to show a little green to the hostess. 

At the Mirage near the Sports Book
Free Parking
Recommended 
20$ a person is the average check. NOT A DISCOUNT SANDWICH DESTINATION 
MASSIVE portions that are boxed easily, if you're a guest at the Mirage, take that sammy back and shove it in the fridge.

Kids will like dining so close to the slots and sports book. Their parents might not.
The Reuben:  Godzilla, that thing is huge (TWSS!)

So I still had alcohol in the system after 1am, and didn't really think much about the nearly $30 price tag for the sandwich.  

When it came out, I realized why.

I think there were literally a few pounds of meat on this thing.  smothered in cheese and some kraut (honestly wish there had been more kraut), i have never seen a sandwich like this in my life.  it's served open face, also.  you're using a knife and fork with this bia.

Now, I can eat my fair share of food, but I seriously doubt I got more than 1/3 of the way done with it.  Others around me sat in amazement when the waitress brought it out.  As did I.  

I'll tell ya.... $30 is a helluva lot to spend on a sandwich, but when it can feed a family of five, it's not so bad.  Do your research before dining here.  I had no idea what to expect.  It made for an interesting morning on the pot.
Every time I go to Vegas I have to stop bye here to pick up a pastrami sandwich.  This thing is a massive sandwich, but it is still on of the tastiest sandwiches I have ever eaten.  WIth the brown mustard they offer there, it is a perfect compliment for the sandwich.  I have been to the original one in New York and must admit I think this one is much better IMHO.
I learned one thing about myself at this restaurant -- I do not care for Pastrami at the least.

HUGE stacked sandwich that only contains pastrami...I am not stoked to eat this. I ordered a side of fries which turned out to be a very big helping--the fries were perfect. I was more in love with my side of french fries than the sandwich :(
Home of not only the biggest sandwiches but the tastiest as well. A stop for me every time I'm in Vegas. No human
  can finish the Woody Allen in one sitting.
What can I say??  It was truly love at first bite.  Ever since I took my first bite of the pastrami sandwich here, I've been a fan and have made it a point to dine here if I'm in Vegas.

Located on the casino level of The Mirage, the restaurant is open 24 hours (very convenient!) and serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  

I come here for just thing:  The pastrami sandwich.  Well, mind you there are other things to try on the menu....sandwiches named after celebrities, a variety of sides, or perhaps their monstrous Mount Everest sized slices of cheescake.  Alas, usually there's no room left in my stomach for dessert (as much as I want to try the cheescake!) after attempting to devour my sandwich.  Priced a somewhat reasonable $15.95, the pastrami sandwich is....what can I say....simply delicious and a meat lovers dream.  Make sure to enjoy your meal with the pickles and mustard (now in squeeze bottles!) available.  Your taste buds will be thanking you....trust me.

SERVICE:  The service is great!  Everyone from the hostess, server, and bus boys are friendly, attentive, out-going, and polite.  Great customer service overall.

Bottom Line:  Craving a taste of New York?  When in Vegas, Carnegie Deli is where it's at!
Here at Carnegie Deli is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had - the corned beef reuben.  I've made it a point to eat this sandwich on almost every trip to Vegas.  Mounds of hot corned beef covered by melted cheese and sauerkraut.  A huge bowl of thousand island served on the side, which makes dipping perfect.  Ambitiously, I always order the full sandwich - and realistically I can only finish about 3/4 of it.  This thing is huge.  
The deli is tucked inside the Mirage Hotel, this place is well worth the wait when their is a line - and even better if you can grab a table before or after peak mealtimes.  I've never been to NY, so I can't speak to Carnegie's authenticity but eating at their Vegas location is always a treat for me.
I had a huge corn beef sandwich.  Meat was lean but on the dry side. Our waiter was great and offered to bring us more rye bread to accommodate the over abundance of meat!  Yummy pickles.
Ok, just letting you know... if size is what matters, then baby you can believe me, the sandwiches are HUGE... larger than what you can bite for sure!!!  While waiting you get to munch on deli pickles!  (yummo!) 

Cheesecake the bomb!  So good... however, the corn beef in my opinion was a little too dry... I would have loved it if they'd just would have taken it out of the oven, broiler, what have ya, and let it rest to cook on it's own... just a little too dry... for me that is.  

It's pricey, so don't panic when you see the bill!  Is worth it?  Yes, if you're don't live in Las Vegas... try something once... it's always been my moms advise!
If you like pastrami, I am sure you have had better. I had the pastrami sandwich, and it was alright, not my favorite. For one, they serve their sandwiches cold. Second, they're so ginormous, you don't even know how to approach the monster. It is thoroughly amusing to watch people's expressions as soon as the waiter/waitress brings them their sandwich and realize the size of these sandwiches. I considered sharing, but why share when I would get charged $3 (if I remember correctly) for sharing. So in my opinion, it is nothing special or spectacular. Maybe consider coming in late night once you're drunk; it seems like a good alcohol absorbing food.
BIG, LARGE, ENORMOUS, GIGANTIC, GRANDE, HUGE, COLOSSAL...that's how I describe these sandwiches. I guess you get the point. I didn't even know they had a location in Las Vegas.  I tried this place in New York City, I think the original.  I'm glad it's in Vegas, because I travel more to Vegas than to New York.
Not for me...at least, not alone.

Ridiculously large portions and a $3 up charge to share. The Woody Allen (corned beef and pastrami) was fine but cut the size on half along with the price and I'd give you another two stars. The meat was good. Too bad I will not come back to pay $20+ for a sandwich I can't finish.
I stopped here after Yelp Night at Jet. Had to quell the hunger pangs that the lemon slices and cherries in my cocktails didn't satisfy.  However, I was totally unprepared for such huge portions of the most mediocre food ever. Expensive, too. I got the chicken noodle soup. There was no chicken in it. It was just the thing I needed after a long night of partying and "Goose"-ing it up on the dancefloor at Yelp Night at JET. But it was just a huge bowl of noodles and scalding chicken boullion to pour on top. Wow. I can't say I wasn't pleased, because I was. I guess I'm just thinking about America and obesity, the effects of increased portion sizes on how much we eat, food waste, and the economics of all of this. From the other dishes I witnessed servers bringing to other patrons, Carnegie Deli is totally pro-obesity, totally pro-food-waste, pro-huge-portion-size, pro-gratuitous-spending. Ridiculous.
if you're looking for pastrami, go here.  if you're looking for variety, dont go here. 

the "sandwiches" are are literally bigger than my head. and my head is huge. so ... yeah. 

the woodyallen was pretty good. but its just too much.  you pay 20 bucks for a sandwich you're not even going to finish.  sure, theres leftovers and all the meat you can eat when you come back to your hotel room.. but id rather pay 20 bucks for a complete meal that i can enjoy.
My sister and I got takeout here for a midnight snack. We got the woody allen sandwich (pastrami and corned beef) and fries. The portions were huge of course, the meat was flavorful and not too dry. They have us plenty of mustard for the sandwich and even threw in two servings of pickes, one full sour, one half sour. Overall I liked it, but I have to say, it is very expensive.
Almost $30 fucking dollars for a Reuben?!? I understand that you're Carnegie Deli and to make matters worse you're a transplant location in a shitty Vegas hotel, but let's be reasonable here. I wouldn't pay that price in New York and I certainly wouldn't pay it here. I don't care how delicious you are, you are a SANDWICH!!

And $10-$12 for vodka sodas and jack and cokes?!? I remember the good 'ole days of living in the Northeast when one could go to one of these delis and have a fantastic lunch or even dinner at a fair and reasonable price. If Carnegie Deli has its way, those days are long gone.
The size of the servings is almost immoral. There is a $3 charge for sharing, which if you come to think about it, would not make it a bad deal if you both happen to want to partake of the same disgusting sandwich. The quality of the food and its size are in inverse proportion; our meat was dry, tasteless, visually revolting,  anchored by two slivers of bread to justify calling it a sandwich and not a chunk of dead dry beef. The worst sin was the chicken soup, that traditional icon of soothing relief; yellow liquid with a taste of having recently sprinkled or dissolved from an envelop or a cube, sodium being the preponderate flavor. 
Can't believe the place is so popular, but in Las Vegas everything is possible, I guess.
This place was great!   Loved the pastrami sandwich. Lame that people are rating it low because it was too much food or more expensive then initially thought.
Holy moly! The slices of pie are huge!!! Unfortunately, all I had was the Coconut Cream Pie, but the portion was ginormous! and it was very good. I saw the sandwiches that they were serving at the deli and those are HUGE as well, so if anything, come with an apetite!
Pretty pricey. But well worth it if you have a big appetite.
Gigantic corn beef and pastrami sandwich. Spicy brown mustard on the side and was delicious. I had been in the sports book for a couple hours and after the games ended I was in need of some nourishment. This did the trick and couldn't even come close to finishing it. They make sure you pay top dollar for it,  though they do pile the sandwich pretty high with delicious cured deli meats.
The portions are giant, the food is good, but it's not the best deli I've been to. It's the only food place at The Mirage that is open all night so you are bound to eat here if you stay at the Mirage. Overall good food but probably nothing that will blow you away, except for the size of some of the sandwiches! haha
As a fan of NYC deli's, and been to the homeland on the Lower East Side, this place is a disappointment.  The sandwich I had, the Woody Allen was enormous, but unless your only criteria of a sandwich is size, this was a big disappointment.  The manager explained to me that their meat is provided by Carnegie, but since it is lean, it dries out very quickly.  My impression of the sandwich was that it was a big, over abundant pile of dry, tough, and relatively tasteless corned beef and pastrami.  When I mentioned to them that the sandwich was very dry, I was provided with roast beef au jus.  (not the fresh steamy meat I was expecting)   I was given a very delicious piece of the cheese cake for my troubles, though.   I really think that the meat available at my home Costco from Carnegie is much better than at this location.
Good selection, good service, huge portions and great quality. Had three meals here this weekend.  If you like artery clogging beefy goodness, eat here. Vegetarian?  Fuhgettabouttit.........
The place has good pastrami.  The sandwiches are huge.  You have to share one, but they charge you three dollars to share.  Why???  To gouge you for money.  Each sandwich is around $20.  Kind of lame if you ask me.  I ordered fries, but they were nothing awesome.  One sandwich and a side order is enough for two people.  Pay the three dollars to share or else you will walk out with a bag.  What good is a hot sandwich when it is cold in your hotel room?
This is a pretty good knock off of the original in NYC.  Granted the fact that the portions are not as obnoxiously large as the one in NYC it tastes pretty much the same.  Plus it's still way larger than any sandwich ever needs to be so I guess I should stop complaining lol.

Minus a star because our server took forever to get back to us at any given time and it so wasn't busy, it was like a late Friday after noon!  It's all good though :)
The food is excellent, but I couldn't bring myself to order their famous rueben.  Even the smaller sized ones are just too big and I couldn't waste that much food :-P.  They have something for everyone here other than their sandwiches which they are known most for.

The matza ball soup is fantastic, as are the burgers.  I really like the pickles brought out to the table, but oddly enough, if you want pickles on your burger, you have to slice them yourself.  My wife had eggs, which were cooked incorrectly, but they fixed it quickly.  We came back late night on a different day for the banana creme pie, also great, but man, it was big.

Service was prompt and courteous, a solid play.  Just realize that the prices aren't cheap for sandwiches, but you are getting good quality food.
If you are reading this, then you did not eat an entire Woody Allen sandwich at Carnegie Deli.  That sandwich would kill a lion.  The sandwich is bigger than your head and may weigh even more.

The food is fantastic to say the least.  There's a reason why they charge a plate sharing fee... because one person cannot finish all that food.  Before they bring out anything, they stuff you with tasty pickles.  I don't even know what the dessert menu looks like, because I'm too full from the meal to even think about dessert.

Beware of falling into a food coma and remember that you are more than welcome to bring any food home in a doggie bag... if it will survive the ride home in the Vegas heat.
Not worth it.

It costs $8 for a chicken noodle soup. Funny thing is, there's no chicken. None. Basically you get chicken broth with noodles. $8. I wished they called it chicken brother with noodles because I wouldn't have ordered it if that was the case.

However, the service was very good.
My boyfriend was raving about this place for ever, so he took me here for an afternoon surprise. When we got there the wait was about 10-15 minutes, and it was really crowded and busy. I was excited, because I heard nothing but great things. 

When we finally sat down to order, the menu just did not seem appetizing, their was nothing on their that interested me- and it all seemed kind of unusual. 

I also didn't like that you could not change around their sandwiches- like remove the Swiss cheese and add provolone- I hate Swiss cheese- So I was forced to create my own sandwich. OH BOY! The thing was huge. 

Like I could not even eat it, and had to use a fork and knife- I totally hate that- I was just expecting something different. 

My boyfriend had a great time- which was the most important part- and I acted like I enjoyed every bit of it lol... I didn't want to upset him. 

When the check came, I thought the bill was ridiculous, because they charged him extra for all my sides- Who does not put cheese, lettuce, tomato or onion on their sandwich...? Well I think I had to pay like $10 alone just for my side items. 

Also they were so busy that it took forever to get drinks, or our food. 

Overall the sandwich was okay, and it was fun to enjoy something new and a restaurant that is supposedly famous..?
wow has this place went down hill. the service and wait staff is an absolute joke. the food has went down hill. just horrible... horrible
I'm only reporting on the breakfast, it was A OK, nothing special.  You would do better at the buffet across the casino
Worth the try, but not worth the cut.

Since last being in Vegas many moons ago, I reminisced about the Stage Deli in The Forums. Where their deli sandwiches were the best we've ever had and the cheesecake flown in fresh from NYC were the ultimate. 
Recently we came across Carnegie Deli, located in the Mirage and it looked impressive with their own cured meats. Sandwiches were thicker than I could stretch my mouth and it made my eyes physically look bigger than my stomach. 

Tonight we tried the corned beef sandwich which like many reviews it was very good, with perfect flavorings and very tender. We also tried the hot pastrami, it lacked flavor and was very disappointing considering the proportion of the sandwich.  I had to add a LOT of pepper to make it taste decent. Lastly, we had to try the "famous" burger, which they advertise that they grind the burger meat themselves. Thumbs up for making a juicy burger, but again that lacked flavor.  It's almost like going to a steakhouse and ordering a succulent, juicy porterhouse and they don't season it.
Between my brother-in-law and I, we ordered the Turkey, Pastrami, Corned Beef and the Reuben (which is Corned beef but with sauerkraut). We ordered them "open~face" style, which has one slice of bread at the bottom, the meat piled on top, and then the cheese melted on top of that. Each of the meats were out of this world good. Especially the Turkey!! And with all of the pickles you can eat; OMF'ingG!! 

Our waiter was great, he was originally from Brooklyn NY. So he had the attitude that rounded off that NYC experience. It was all good. 

This Las Vegas transplant is just as good as the original in NYC. I can't wait to return here.
Well this review is not exactly for me, but for my husband. I had the roast beef sandwich, which was good, but a roast beef anywhere is good. He loved the pastrami sandwich. Huge was not the word. 1 pound of meat. Not only was it big, it was good also. Definitely big enough to share next time. There definitely will be a next time. Cheesecake was awesome also!
Good delicatessen!

The matzo ball soup was excellent. This place definitely knows what their doing!
Pastrami Sandwich without flying to NYC. Saving on the flight. 

Yummy. Meat piled high. And cheesecake with fluff. I am pretty happy with this place since I can't fly to NYC all the time. And it doesn't hurt to be open 24 hours. Quick lunch or late night snack with people after clubbing at TAO or JET. 

I have no complaints. Maybe a small workaround. Sandwich is 14.99. But to share you have to pay $2-3. Therefore, I order a reasonably priced cheesecake to eliminate the sharing fee. Cheesecake taste great and I don't have to pay $2 for nothing.

Enjoy!
Yay! I"m a fan.
What this place is is a deli so if you don't want a sandwich don't bother coming here. That being said the sandwiches are very good and of course they are huge. I mean ridiculously huge. They are the types of sandwiches that Shaggy and Scooby Doo make. It doesn't matter how hungry you are by the time you are full there is still enough meat on your plate to make a few more sandwiches. I'm glad I can only eat here when I'm in Vegas because if there was one of these around my home I wouldn't have much longer to live. Seriously.
After our first time we starting sharing. We both get enough food and one of these times I'm gonna bring the leftovers the homeless person on the crosswalk holding the sign "Parents killed by ninjas, need $ for karate lessons" and he can eat like a king or at least like a tourist.
The food here was 5 stars however the prices here are outrageous.  I guess if you figure that you're not paying for air fair and hotel to go to NY to get this sandwich it might be a good deal.  

We've heard about Carnegie and have always wanted to try it so we went to the Mirage e to check this place out.  Its pretty much in the center of the casino and Im assuming its decorated like its original in NYC.  

The hot pastrami sandwich here was $16.99!!!  With prices like that we decided to split the sandwich (there was a $3 "share") charge so our sandwich here was $19.99!  

Yes, the pastrami is delicious but not worth $20.
I love this place for the pickles they give you once you sit down at your table. Okay & the food is good too! 
Been here twice, ordered breakfast types foods both times, & it definitely hit the spot. 
They are known for their pastrami sandwiches, which is something I'll have to try next time I'm there! 

Good service/quick as well
No need for reservations
Hubby and I arrived late and was looking for a place to eat and this was one of the restaurants that were still open so we decided to give it a try since the buffet was closed. 
Their french fries were cooked perfectly (well, to our liking that is) but the chicken salad sandwich we ordered was a little on the dry side. Our server was a little slow to accommodate but otherwise an okay place.
Yum. I love this place and it's staff. I always come here when I'm in Vegas. The sandwiches and other plates are huge. You can easily share one item between two people. Even their soup, one order is 3 or so bowls.
Cheesecake only review!

The truffle cheesecake was flippin' amazing!!  Our group of 3 devoured that in a couple of minutes-mm just the right amount of fluff, sweetness, and sugar!  The blueberry was pretty good, considering I'm not a big fan of blueberries.

It's $10 for a huge slice, but it's well worth it.
I've never tried the food, but their cheesecake is like, shut up and take my money good. 

Thank you Daniel G. Without your help, I would have passed this place without a second glance. 

It took 3 of us approximately 4 minutes to inhale a Truffle Chocolate Torte Cheesecake. While holding it in a to-go box, standing in front of the counter. Classy? Not really. But do we regret it? Hellz no.
The first time we came to this location the pastrami left a lot to be desired, but the last time we came the pastrami was more like what it should be...juicy! I've visited the original in New York and although not as awesome, it's pretty close. Maybe they steamed the pastrami this time around? Regardless, we were happy. My husband and I split the pastrami sandwich, fries and a strawberry cheesecake. The sandwich was doable, the fries...forget about finishing those, they're more for a table of 4+. So, as you can guess we ditched the fries and went for the cheesecake which was heavenly. Not the fluff that the Cheesecake factory serves, but a big dense flavorful NY style cheesecake...YUM!
I have been to the original Carnegie's in NYC, so it's hard to compare this one to that, but it was okay at best.

Very expensive for what you get.  The server asked if we wanted lettuce and tomato with our sandwich.  I said, "Does it cost extra?"  She responded, "Honey, EVERYTHING costs extra here!!"  She wasn't joking.

A plain roast beef sandwich and fries cost us $25!!

Officially classify it as a tourist trap.  Walk across the hall to BLT Burger and thank me later :)
Years ago, one of the Vegas magazines had an article on the delis there. The picture I always remembered was of the biggest pastrami or corned beef sandwich I had ever seen in my life.  More recently I was excited to find out that the picture was from the Carnegie Deli, inside the Mirage.  I am a quantity of quality guy for the most part, which makes Carnegie Deli like heaven to me, since they have huge sandwiches that are also the best I have ever tasted.

If I go with someone new to the place, I will get the Woody Allen just to see the look on their face.  Normally, I just go with the corned beef on white. The free pickles are just OK to me.  French fries are pretty good. The cheesecake is decent.  The $3 charge to share food is pretty stupid.  You can just order the food to go and then eat it in the Mirage's pretty nice sportsbook area

Every once I a while I even seriously consider driving up to LV from OC just for the sandwich.  It may actually happen one day. Carnegie Deli is worth it.
I regret suggesting we try this place again. I'd thought maybe the dessert would live up to its reputation in NYC but alas, I was wrong. Twice.

The 5th Avenue cream pie sucked big time. How can they go wrong? Could it be the water? 

I will definitely go to the original one in NYC when I visit next time. The cheesecakes, 5th Avenue and the borscht are the best there. 

Sorry DD.
I've been here a dozen times over the years and it never disappoints.

This time I had the Bologna Omelette and it was awesome as always. 
The home fried potatoes were great as well. 

I will definitely be back next time I am in Vegas.

Bring your appetite as servings are huge and that makes up for the price, I think.
After waking up from a late night of partying and craving breakfast at 12 in the afternoon. My girlfriends and I walked around the whole Mirage hotel looking for a restaurant to serve breakfast. Finally, we found Carnegie deli that served breakfast all day! 
Dying of hunger, the service was quick and efficient. We were sat and a server came to us right away. I got the basic eggs and bacon, the portion was more then enough.  My friends and I were more then satisfied that we came back the next morning to have breakfast. None of us had the pastrami sandwich, but it looked ginormous! I'll have to go to NYC for that!
If you come here expecting deli food at the same level as the Carnegie Deli in NY (or most deli's in NY for that matter) you'll be severely disappointed. I went here twice during my last Vegas trip and the food was just okay. Tongue sandwich the first time and the Woody Allen the second time (which is a GINORMOUS sandwich consisting of pastrami and corn beef). 

If you're drunk and hungry this will hit the spot, but overall it's nothing special.
HUGE sandwich. Great taste. Needs to have bigger slices of bread!
I've eaten at Carnegie Deli dozens of times, the corned beef rueben is our go to sandwich. It's plenty for my husband and me. The restaurant week menu convinced us to come in and try out their pastrami. We had each had 1/2 "Woody Allen" with pastrami and corned beef, a latke and a slice of cheesecake. It was filling! The corned beef is still the best in Vegas (better can be had at Katz's in NYC or Langer's in LA). The pastrami is good, but not as lean as we'd prefer. We'll stick to the corned beef in the future. The latke and cheesecake were tasty as usual.
I don't have much to say about this place. The line was pretty long on Saturday Morning so we figured it was a good sign that this place was good. Also, our friends from NYC say this is their favorite Deli... so we decided to order to-go since we didn't have time to wait in that line. The bf and I split a Beef Brisket Sandwich which was hella dry ugh it was so hard to eat. And for $20 yes the portion size was huge but for the taste ugh.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but still...so disappointed.
Just a huge amount of great food. I submitted pics of my massive sandwich.  I was questioning why almost every sandwich on the menu has a small charge to split the sandwich....now I know why.  The sandwich was bigger than my head.  I finished one half and fell into food coma.  Thats never good in Vegas.  I love Vegas and love this restaurant.  I was with 3 other people and everyone got different sandwiches and everyone was very happy with their meal.
Stop in for a Cheesecake...and then leave.

The awesome cheesecake is what turns this 2 star joint into a 3 star.  If you're a cheesecake lover, prepare yourself for cheesecake bliss.  If you're a deli sandwich lover, prepare yourself for a big pile of average, grocery store quality plainness.  I was expecting sandwiches on the level of Brent's Deli (Northridge, CA) but am sorry to say I was disappointed.

Service is slow, even for a busy place.  My party arrived close to midnight, plenty of servers running around, but plenty of disappearing acts as well. 

Next time I'm in the Mirage, I'm stopping in for a cheesecake to go.
The Carnegie Deli is located inside The Mirage Hotel. It operates as a vacuum for your wallet, and although the food is not bad, the price is not worth even one trip. 

The cost of a sandwich would be about the same as being in New York City at Second Ave Deli. BTW, you can't order a smaller version of a sandwich for a cheaper price. And, if you split a sandwich (recommended) then yet another charge is added on top! When you add it all up, you will be disappointed if not mad at yourself afterwards. 

The logical choice is to go somewhere else, which is easy to do in Las Vegas.  

Best to all,
$20 entrees, are you crazy??? You have to keep in mind that everything on the menu is big enough to be shared by at least two people. Don't even think about ordering one entree for one person, unless you are a local and can take home leftovers. A lot of their menu items are pretty bland and boring but you can't lose with the Matzo Ball soup or the Potato Pancakes (they might just be the best I've ever had).

Located in the Mirage, this place is usually open late (I think until 2 or 3 am) so it's a good alternative to a 24 hour cafe.
If you want good deli In vegas , this is the Place . Monster sandwiches, as said before you need to share one of there or be prepared to be wheeled out of there.  Was next door at Caesers , on the 1st Football sunday , made a quick dash over to the Carnegie , for a few corned Beef sandwiches , for me & the Boys . Awesome .
I do not have to explain this one... 5 star is in NYC!
Became our go-to place within our hotel! 

Here's why:

- Great prices (the cheapest in the Mirage)
- Fast (like SUPER fast) service
- Open 24 hours
- Great people watching
- Also a visual arts exhibition: all the photos of the celebrities who have eaten at Carnegie's over the years - it's worth eating here once just to look at these!

The two stars are lost because it's so small and loud, that TWICE the server we got could not speak English enough to provide adequate service, because I had to send a bagel & cream cheese back because it wasn't toasted, and because their breakfast eggs, bacon & home fries were absolutely disgusting. Bland, poorly prepared and extremely overpriced for what you get, especially compared to the other menu items.
My manager and I decided to venture off for lunch one day and we ended up here, Carnegie Deli at The Mirage. Now let me say this first, what initially drew me in was the cakes and pastries on STEROIDS in their pastry case at the take-out counter. Muffins, cookies, cakes, pies, you name it. They're huge and looked deee-lish. 

Being as the line for a table was quite long and we were limited on time, we opted for take out. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The service was quick so we were in and out.

The food did not disappoint, either. I'm under the assumption (based on other reviews and pictures) that the portions are quite large for all their dishes (not just the pastries and desserts staring you in the face). My bacon and egg sandwich was massive and delicious I couldn't believe I finished the whole thing.

Return visit? Yes, definitely. I want to actually sit down & eat here. But don't say I didn't warn you.... Come Hungry! In fact, come starving! And save room for dessert ;)
Came here over the weekend. The food was OK but IMO $15-$20 is a little pricey for a deli sandwich, but they certainly do give you a very, very large portion. We also had an order of sausages that were way too oily (And I ain't afraid of grease in my food). The thing that left me with a bad taste in my mouth was the service which was possibly the worst experience I've ever had in my many trips to Las Vegas. First it took the waitress forever to get our drinks and to take our order, then when the sandwich came out it almost slipped off our plate and the waitress palmed it with her (probably dirty) bare hand to stop it. We should have asked for another sandwich because that's gross -- even the workers in Ghetto Banh Mi shops in Westminster use gloves to touch the sandwiches-- but we were hungry so we didn't want to wait. I had to ask for refills several times as they never really came by to check up on us and it took them forever to bring us our check. Yeah I understand that they were busy and probably one of their servers called out or something but it shouldn't take 15 minutes for them to bring us our check. We weren't the only ones waiting for our check, there was at least two other tables I saw in our immediate area waiting to pay. The worst part was there were three hosts standing right next to us just chitchatting, I know that it probably isn't part of their jobs to clean tables and print out checks, but they should be helping the servers rather than just doing nothing... it just gives a very bad perception to customers. While the food was okay I will not be coming back because of their lousy service. No I did not tip and BTW they also have a $3 sharing fee. REALLY????
My husband and I stumbled upon this fabulous place. I could not believe that they actually built this at the Mirage. The restraunt in pretty tiny, but I expected that since it is in a hotel. The staff were very friendly and were able to seat us fairly quickly. When we were seated, we noticed that the tables were super close together which was kind of lame. I had a grilled cheese, and my husband had the corned beef, both were excellent. We will totally be coming back here when we visit Vegas again.
A dessert review only...the cheesecake is expensive ($11 a piece) but wow, what a great piece of cheesecake! Got the cherry cheesecake and the slice was huge. They have a ton of desserts that look amazing.
Perfect to get my bowl of cottage cheese for lunch. Went 2 days in a row. One poached egg yum!!
The biggest effin pastrami sandwich everrrrr.

Definitely the biggest of big jewish deli pastrami sandwiches Ive ever seen.  Comically big and fun experience just to see.  However, as far as taste goes their pastrami is a little bland and dry compared to Langers and Kats.  I suspect the original location may not have this problem and this may be a case of the Vegas version not as good as the original.  It is decent though and better than your run of the mill pastrami.  Here are some cool things we ordered and were unable to finish.

Woody Allen - King of kings.  Mountain of pastrami and corn beef with bread hidden somewhere in there.  Definitely picture worthy.

Jeffs Favorite - Plate of pastrami or corn beef with a sweet delicious potato knish hidden underneath.  Once you break through the meat exterior and hit the knish center youll be pleasantly suprised.  I added some sauerkraut.

Biggest but not the best.
Holy crap load of meat. Showed up at about midnight which was perfect cause there was no wait and I was extremely hungry from drinking all day. I ordered the Woody Allen (half corned beef and half pastrami sandwich). They brought it out to our table and I thought to myself it looked like they used a whole cow to make this sandwich. Definitely not a place for vegetarians. W/Dijon mustard flowing, probably one of the best sandwiches (That didn't involve me and two strippers, just kidding) I've had in Sin City.
Yum!!!! Bacon grilled cheese sandwich is the best hangover cure ever! Not the huge sandwich everything else is here, but still has huge taste! 
Hope you have a fridge I your room cuz anything else you order here sandwich wise, you'll have leftovers. Pickles, specialty bottled soda, latkes and cakes are all amazing here.
I'm a simple kind of man... every time I go to the Carnegie Deli in The Mirage, I am there for one thing and one thing only - the hot pastrami on rye. Add some swiss cheese and your in heaven. 

A word of advice however - share a sandwich or eat half and take home the other half for later. They are freakin huge!

A staple every time we visit Las Vegas!
Carnegie Delicatessen

http://www.mirage.com/restaurants/carnegie-delicatessen.aspx

We stopped by The Carnegie Deli located in the Mirage Casino complex for a quick lunch bite before heading out for the afternoon.  There is nothing small about the sandwiches in this place.  The seating is tight, so we were able to get a good view of the many items being served.  The two of us split a pastrami sandwich ($3 to split a sandwich) with enough left over to take back to our daughter for lunch as well.  It was the smaller of two sizes priced at $16 and was huge.  They guy 2 tables over from us ordered the larger size for $20 with 2  1/2 pounds of meat.  He barely ate half.  We ordered fries with the sandwich for $3.99 and they came on a platter with enough fries for 5 people.  We saw others that ordered the hot dogs which had to be about a foot long.  The guy on the other side of us ordered a turkey sandwich that was at least 7 inches high.  They put New York style dill pickles on the table for a pre-meal snack.  You will not leave this place hungry.  Our check was around $27, we would definitely eat here again.
OK, maybe not so many stars because every time we ate here it was after we have been clubbing and between the hours of where most people are sound in their beds. But it is Open 24 hrs and the food is good but the service was HORRIBLE! Mind you, we had a lot to drink and maybe our server didn't think we would notice, but even when I'm tipsy I expect decent service.  First, he took more than 15 minutes to greet us, then another 10 to take our orders which came out I feel 45 minutes later. I ordered fries with my sandwich, which I didn't receive, and 3 people didn't get their side of rice with their meals either. To make up for it we asked to speak to the manager who was nice and offered us a free cheesecake which we refused to take we just wanted our server to know HE SUCKED! 
Anyways, I ordered the egg sandwich ($9.95) which did not come with any sides but it was HUGE! They are not skimpy on any of the food portions and the eggs were fluffy and fresh! My bf ordered the woody Allen ($19.99) and it was HUGE! This thing was probably a good 6 inches high of pastrami and corned beef meat between two white slices of bread. And my bf can eat; he had to take the other half to go. One night her ordered the corned beef hash ($19.99) and LOVED it, another big portion of food as well. You can get an egg on top any way you like.  This place is pretty pricey ($7 orange juice!) but when it's the only thing open at 4am you have to make it work.  We went here 3 times during our stay in Vegas so it must be that good.
If you are a soup fan, the minestrone soup was incredible.  Unfortunately it was a so-so experience from there on out.  After the minestrone soup (I would go back just for the soup) and hearing reviews about the sandwiches, I had high expectations of the pastrami.  The sandwich was not bad, but not great either.  At a $15 price tag and due to the reputation, I expected better.  I would not go out of my way to eat here.  If you are a sandwich fan, make your way to Earl of Sandwich at PH.  The quality is better and the price lower.
The portions are huge (but then the prices are up there), we shared an open faced corned beef sandwich.  I really think that the corned beef lacked any kind of seasoning/flavor (it was really tender) - if I was to go back here I would want to try the Pastrami.
Okay.. all together 18 bucks for a damned sandwich.  This place is like a blackhole for all your hard earned cash goes.  But it's Vegas, so I expect to be ass raped by a sando joint located strategically in the hotel with it's delicious meat fumes coming out of the kitchen.  With that said about the outrageous prices, the sandwich that I got- pastrami on rye- was pretty good.  They PILE on the meat.  It's slightly obscene how much meat they put on there, I actually had to eat some meat before putting the slice of bread back on to eat it as a sandwich.  They also don't put anything on the sandwich like coleslaw or anything (which they should) so you're literally getting 2 pieces of bread around a mountain of delicious meat.  That could be a good or a bad thing- the taste was good, but I wish they'd do something else besides meat- make it more authentic, add some coleslaw or SOMETHING to it.

Needless to say, the place deserves 4 stars for the sandwich. 1.5 stars for the price and trying to prison rape my wallet and 3 stars for friendly staff and service.  So that's why I give 4 stars because I can't complain about the price- it's fuckin' vegas, and the food was good. 

If you're trying to ball on a budget, go somewhere else.. or rather.. pay 10 bucks more and get yourself into the buffet if you're wanting some more bang for your buck.
If you want a deli which has the biggest sandwiches ever than this is the place for you.  Know that the portions are huge and you certainly can share.  We ordered a pastrami on rye and it was delicious.  We also had the potato latkes which were large and crispy.  We had their matzah ball soup too and the matzah balls were light and fluffy but also huge! They were wonderful.  Service was good and overall we had a really nice meal!  Would recommend it if you want deli while in Vegas.  Wish we had one in Atlanta!
Overpriced, over-portioned and bland dishes.  Wish we'd gone somewhere else.  Like one of the other reviewers, I got the corned beef and it was lacking in flavor.  It was probably the weakest corned beef sandwich I've ever had.  On the upside, our server was great.
This actually is a real deli, thus the prices are high, but in a way you get what you pay for. These are real deli sandwiches, piled high with good quality meat.  We had breakfast and everyone enjoyed their meal.  I had the cheese blintzes, and they were some of the best I've had.  This Jewish boy from Los Angeles never had them deep fried.  They were so lightly deep fried, and they kept their crisp.  Very delicious.  Overall, I enjoyed and would return if I stay at The Mirage again.
Carnegie is probably my favorite deli anywhere, but they lose a star at THIS location because the pastrami was a little dried out.  Still tasted great, but it was a little bit dry.  I have no clue if they get the exact same meat as in New York.  Not sure how that works.  My husband and I were smart......we SPLIT a pastrami sandwich, and it was perfect.  They give so much meat, so we were definitely full.  I had ordered a side of coleslaw to go with it, and it was pretty darn tasty, too.  Cheesecake is STILL divine.  My children got the Woody Allen, which was a RIDICULOUS amount of corned beef AND pastrami together.  I raised them to know that rye bread goes with pastrami, but I failed somewhere because they ordered this on wheat.  I won't tell my dad.  LOL.  Naturally, they didn't come close to finishing, and we, of course, couldn't put the leftovers in our refrigerator because of the stupid cost per ounce to hold things in there.  Don't get me going on that one.  Certainly not Carnegie's fault.  I was happy to learn that all the leftovers are not wasted.....they get fed to a pig farm.  Interesting !!!  This place is ONE redeeming factor for the Mirage Hotel.  Yes, prices are steep for a sandwich, but it's a deli, and that's what they do..........plus, you get more than your money's worth of meat.
After spending a long weekend working a convention at the Mirage and eating at the Carnegie MANY times I'm still ready to go back.

In terms of affordable eats in the casino, you're kind of screwed. There's not a food court to speak of so you're not going to get a burger or slice of pizza. But if you're prepared for it, hit the deli. You'll be looking at about $16 for a sandwich, but for the money you'll either be stuffed for the night or you'll have food for two days. Couple that with sides that are great; potato pancakes I would push an elderly woman down a well for..

It's not cheap but holy fuck is it worth it..
When I 1st came here, I couldn't believe how gigantic the sandwiches were. The "Reuben Sandwich" and the "Woody Allen" were so big that there was no way you could finish it in one sitting. Eating the Reuben at Carnegie was like a 12 round boxing match; you needed stamina, endurance, and the will the go on. Times have changed. 

Today, I finally got to meet one of my Dad's old military friends. They became friends in the early 1970s, but lost contact after they were discharged from the marine corp. The old man mentioned to me that he grew up in New York and that he is Jewish. I immediately told him about "Carnegie" and he was elated at the idea of eating one of those gigantic sandwiches. I googled the "Carnegie Reuben" and "Woody Allen" to show him the pictures and next thing I know he had sent me to the Mirage to buy him some good Kosher Deli. I really wanted to please the old man because my Dad had been telling me stories about him since I was a kid...but, unfortunately Carnegie didn't live up the hype. 
It appears that Carnegie is cutting corners now. The Sandwich was only about 1/2 the size of what it used to be. Back in the old days, you weren't able to fit the sandwich in your mouth due to it's practical-joke oversized gimmick. We both finished our sandwiches in less than 5 minutes. He looked at me like I was some kind of idiot and told me: " you don't know what real kosher deli  is". It was a drag letting the old man down.
Tucked inside of the Mirage Hotel is one of the best New York delis ever!! I have always wanted to try Carnegie but yet to make it out to the east coast! Minh and I needed some food in our bellies for a night of drinking. The take-out line was kind of long as we waited to place our order. After looking over the menu and waiting our turn, it was time to order. Now this is not just your typical deli where your sandwiches are on the smaller side. This deli packs on the meat, which means these babies are freaking huge, more than enough to share! 

We ordered the: Turkey Sandwich- Turkey, tomato piled high .You put the condiments on when you get the sandwich.

Found a comfortable spot outside of the restaurant (well actually it was the outer lobby and it was on the ground but heck I was sneaking in a couple of sip of my drink that I had)!!

Our friends joined us a moment later with their food as well.  People watching is a must here (it was NYE so the place was hopping). 

After putting a little bit of mayo on my bread, I realized that my mouth could not possibly go around this huge sandwich. Darn, I had to disassemble it and eat it. The turkey was tender and not dry the mayo made it that much better. 

I was half way finished when I just couldn't possibly fit anymore into my small tummy. Handing it on over to the boyfriend was the best idea ever! As he was more than happy to finish the last couple of bites of my sammich.

The prices are a little high here but just think about it, you get a lot of food for your money plus you can always use your "M" life card and get points!!!!
OPEN 24/7!  Stopped by here after we came back from Marquee & changing in the room.  Not much I remember really of this place since I didn't order anything & was dozing off at the table.  Seated fast, food was brought out fast, the portions looked big, and our waiter was nice.  It must have looked like some of us were drunk so he asked us if we needed bread.  The pickles were okay, some didn't really look fresh though I still ate them, haha.  I tried a little of my friend's corn beef hash which had a lot of meat.  I don't think anyone was able to finish their meal, the portions were so big.
It is good, but I am from New York and this is NOT Carnegie Deli.
Pastrami sandwich was great - just like NY.  The pickles were different.  Larger & not as tasty.  I also had a slice of carrot cake.  It was delicious.  Cake part was a little dry, but that frosting is wonderful - made the whole thing.  

Prices were crazy.  $35 for a sandwich, slice of cake & soda.
This is the real deal deli.  Sandwiches packed miles high and great pickles.  Yes, they are expensive, my breakfast sandwich and drinks came to 20 bucks, but the thing must have weighed over a couple pounds, it was crazy huge!
The pastrami and corned beef sandwiches were mehhhh, okay. Everything was kinda dry and even the pickles didn't seem fresh and crispy. Portions are big, the service was good, and it wasn't hard to get a table so it was okay.

Katz's Delicatessen in NYC is way better! The meat makes all the difference.
Our server, Katie, was very nice.  As much as I wanted to try one of their sandwiches, we went in just to have some dessert before our show.  Hubby's banana cream pie was delicious and HUGE, and my chocolate mouse cheesecake combo was awesome.  Sooo much food that I couldn't even finish my slice, as much as I wanted to.  

We would go back!
Yo Yo Ma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! quoting  Cosmo Kramer, wow this place is good !!!! Simple ingredients  leads to extraordinary food .

Got the hot pastrami ($16.99) ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zU9w_xRlQSRIYXxGo-HSOA?select=Ygbcx4XVrl-vM00FWzUvGw    )  Just literally  meat and bread wow so tasty and massive!  Each bite of this well prepared sandwich was excellent , also comes with some fries . Every other bite shot on some of there house mustard and bit into one of there delicious pickle's wow .(  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zU9w_xRlQSRIYXxGo-HSOA?select=wK0pKc-hPxZfS7BOOySDeQ ) 

Left this facsimile  of a N.Y deli with my belly extended and a nap to follow.
HELL YES ! Are you kidding me ? Don't even finish reading this review.. if you are in Vegas and you haven't been to Carnegie's .. You are crazy ! The biggest, most delicious sandwiches on planet earth ! Don't try to finish this on your own unless you haven't eaten for a few days ! The must try is the "Ah, there's the Reuben" ..best freakin Reuben ever. Pilled high with rye bread, pastrami, a ton of kraut, and about 6 slices of swiss cheese melted on top. Russian dressing on the side for dippin ! Mmmm Mmmm Good ! Share it with a Kinish and you have my favorite meal. Don't forget the complimentary pickles to start ! Winner winner pastrami dinner !
Attractive venue. Other than a great hostess the service was nothing to rave about. Seemed a little half hearted. Food was great tasting and loaded high but had to doctor my bacon and egg sandwich with ample dressing as it was quite dry. Prices are what you'd expect for a casino restaurant; too much. For my sandwich and a miniture bottle of water you'd usually get free while gambling on the floor, I paid nearly $20. Simply put, if you're looking for an experience, this is not the place.
i love corned beef and pastrami sandwiches. i had my share of them at a lot of different places and thought i had some great ones. but this place has the best by a long long shot. we ate there twice during our recent visit to vegas. the first time we shared the woody allen, which is corned beef and pastrami. its a big sandwich and is more then enough for two. the second time she ordered a hamburger, which she said was one of the best ever. i got the corned beef with fries and the red peppers. i was happy with all of it. the peppers are great, its spicy, yet it has taste. its expensive but thats fine when its the best. when we go back to vegas this is a must visit again.
The best corned beef sandwich I've ever had...get it with Swiss cheese!
A useful and tasty simulacrum of the real deal in New York.  Then again, when you want an a$$load of pastrami, what is reality and what is artifice?  The pastrami and the corned beef are here are real.  The mustard is real.  The pickles are real.  And they are good.  Really captures the vibe of the original, despite being smack dab in the middle of the hotel.  Grass really can grow in the desert, people.
Oh hubba hubba.  I love Woody Allen.  I ain't no teenager, or female, but who gives a hoot - - you go the Carnegie Deli, you get the Woody Allen. 

This was my best dining experience in the Mirage, and in Vegas overall, a deli sandwich piled high w/ corned beef and pastrami, with spicy mustard and 2 pickles.  Yeah, that simple.  First time I've ever had a sandwich where I needed more bread.  I got it to go, and while I waited I was staring at their awesome display of decadent desserts.  Oh geez, thank God I didn't have more time here, the pies and offerings looked so fabulous. 

It's massive, it's tasty, it was authentic, and it was nothing less than spectacular.  You'd be selling yourself short if you didn't stop by here.  I spent a summer in NYC a while ago and this definitely brought me back.  So nostalgic.  My co-worker grew up on Queens Blvd, and he was smiling ear-to-ear after his Woody Allen experience.  And here I thought he won at the Craps table, but no, it's due to a sandwich. 

It's 24/7 here too, what a bonus, now what more do you need?  Oh sure, a young hot waitress spreading on the spicy mustard on for ya.  Awww yeah.
Food was good, service slow, overpriced..There were 8 of us there, and we ordered four meals to split....

Pastrami Sandwiches and Fries... 

No Alcohol, and our bill was 157.40..

Like the food, but will not go back for that..
Giagantic portions....much too much food......$50 for two sandwiches and a drink....much too much money
The sandwiches are delicious!  Don't forget the cheesecake.
The corned beef is delicious but to get it on one of their mile high sandwiches is just silly.  I ordered one with corned beef, smoked turkey, swiss cheese and coleslaw. The individual parts were very good, but as a sandwich it ends up becoming a waste when you try to deconstruct it. 

The corned beef hash is amazing. Potato cakes are strange - they almost have a hint of sweetness which was a turn off for me. Coleslaw is delicious. French fries are on the better side of standard, but you get a gigantic plate as an order - easily enough for three people to share.

Lines are long and service is slow so be prepared.
We ate breakfast here mostly although on my last day I did try one of their enormous take out sandwiches which was excellent apart from their choice of Turkey. I assumed it was Turkey but it could have been hamster, rat or pigeon for all I knew. It's not difficult to roast a turkey and slice it up but it appears that "manufactured" and perfectly circular Turkey slices is the way to go at this venue.

Their egg and bacon breakfast sandwich was without doubt the best thing on the menu, I had that several times over the course of my stay. Service in the morning can be patchy so be warned, on several occasions we had to prompt them for coffee refills and things they had forgotten.

This is certainly one of the cheaper breakfast options to eat in the morning if you don't want to go and pig out in the all you can eat "Cravings" buffet.
Went here for lunch during the week.  There was no line and the service was great.  We got a latke, the "Woody Allen", and salami sandwich.  It was all delicious and I would definitely return.
Like I died and went to NYC! Former BKLYN girl who's been living in Fl. way too long is in shock to find a Carnegie Deli at the Mirage in Vegas! And the timing was perfect. We had just finished seeing Love, and were absolutely famished. Only a few steps away we see Carnegie. Was I dreaming? Finally, I was getting lucky in vegas! Lucky again; no wait for a table. And lucky one more time; a great waiter AND he was from BKLYN! A corned beef sandwich just tastes better when served to you by a guy with a Bklyn accent. Not even bothering to read the menu, we order a corned beef sand. Full well knowing the size, we decide to share one. That's the only way to save room for the strawberry cheesecake. I expected the food to be great, and it certainly was. What I did not expect was how completely authentic it was. Down to the half sour pickles on the table, and the chocolate eggcream! Carnegie came through with a perfect copy of their original; way to go! Yous are the best!
We got the strawberry cheesecake here...I have had it before, and as good as it was this time, it wasn't nearly as good as times in the past. I feel like if a piece of cake costs 13$ it should be pretty incredible...maybe I built it up too much in my head...


I miss the Carnegie in NYC
Huge portion. Delicious food!
Not sure why the 3.5 star rating on this place! i only had it once with an hour wait inside the Mirage hotel. Me and the wife got freaked out when we saw the sandwiches they had! I guess this is how its done in the real city "New York" So we waited. Almost had to walk out because we were so hungry yet the two couples in front of us in their mid 60s said Please wait its well worth the wait!! 

Come'on they knew what they were talking bout. We waited and finally got our seat and ordered their famous Pastrami and tongue with Fries and a pickle. The wife had the same. And Oh My God we seriously couldn't finish them Not even 1/2 of the sandwich. Listen am known to always walk out the winner as in finishing up my plate but wow couldn't this time. Well worth the money $20 and you get the biggest sandwich in Vegas! 

Reason we really never went back, I hate waiting for my food and especially waiting in line. its always BUSY! So be ready to wait. Hey over all seriously it can be worth the wait at times!
After a long night of drinking and dancing, my friends and I were starving! We decided to go back to our hotel, which is at the Mirage to find any decent priced foods.  Luckily we came here and settled for the specials-the steak and eggs for 10$. Having steak and eggs two nights before at Bills for 6 dollars I thought 10 dollars was a bit overpriced. However, the food came put bigger and a lot better!! the steak was cooked perfectly. Just wish there wasn't as much fats on the steak, but for 10$ .. im more than satisfied !
Wholly mounds of meat, Batman!  Carnegie Deli is a casual deli located in the Mirage on the Las Vegas strip.  The friend who recommended Carnegie warned us that the portions are huge and she was NOT joking.  The sandwiches are mountains of meat that can easily feed a small country.

We had the Brisketball, which is topped with turkey and brisket and the Woody Allen which is topped with pastrami and corned beef.  Each was absolutely delicious.  Plus, Carnegie has a wonderful spicy mustard that complements their sandwiches well.

If you're eating at Carnegie be sure to come hungry and bring some friends because these sandwiches are not for the faint of heart.  My only regret is that was too full to try one of their cheesecakes.
Their deserts are perfect.  The amount of meat in a sandwich is crazy.  So they are always busy so the service is slow.  Went for a quick bite at 11pm and they were still packed.  Worth the wait.
The Carnegie Delicatessen & Restaurant is an overpriced place to eat located on the main floor of the Mirage hotel.  As I was coming home from a night out on the strip,  I decided to grab a late night snack to take back up to my room.  I went with a pastrami sandwich on rye, which turned out to be a vacation changing mistake. 

The sandwich came with a lot of meat and tasted okay, but it was definitely not worth the hefty price.  A few hours after eating the sandwich I was extremely sick, and remained sick for almost two days strait.  I was hardly able to eat anything during my remaining time in Las Vegas, and my sickness made it difficult for me to enjoy the final day of my vacation.  

I will not be easting at the Carnegie Delicatessen & Restaurant again, and will look for better food at a more reasonable price the next time that I am in Las Vegas.
Way toooooooo expensive.  The plates weren't exceptional or exceptionally large. The cheesecake was good though.
A  quick look at my photos from my dinner at the Carnegie Deli will show just how very far this place is from New York.

I'm not a huge fan of Pastrami sandwiches as big as my head.  I'm sensitive to salt, so long ago said goodbye to massive amounts of processed meat.  A few slices at a time?  Yes, please.  The sandwiches at this restaurant each hold more than a year's worth of lunchmeat for me.  

What I love are pirogue and blintzes.  Love them so much that I served pirogue on my wedding buffet, each of them hand made by my elderly Polish neighbor.  Blintzes bring me back to childhood, leaning past my grandmother's elbow as she flipped crepe after crepe.  When she died I inherited the frying pan that she used to make the crepes for her blintzes.  I realize that these childhood experiences might make me pickier than normal, but I am also lenient.  The blintz pan hasn't been used in years, and I buy my pirogue in the freezer section.  

Unfortunately, Carnegie Deli also buys their pirogue in the freezer section.  I suspect that they buy larger portions than I do, but these tasted nothing like homemade.  
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wxwEK9cfsowGRcjiYv3KSQ&userid=dyEc-BsP_qPzIWyiMW0BPw They were deep fried, and bland.  I was so thankful that I had thought to ask for onions, because they were not served as a standard part of the meal. I'm so sorry that they were what made me happiest in my dining experience.

The blintzes were an abomination.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qp0F6LQ3Z8tRUnLXqFKrYw&userid=dyEc-BsP_qPzIWyiMW0BPw Deep fried and filled with what can best be described as pancake batter blended with cheese bits.  It was truly awful, and had nothing to do with an actual plate of blintzes.  

And finally the only almost bright spot (at least color wise!) in my meal, the stuffed cabbage.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=O_wCcHuL0WxqEVM2Ab5uyw&userid=dyEc-BsP_qPzIWyiMW0BPw  This was not awful, but was not wonderful.  The sauce was far too sweet, but was tasty enough.

To add insult to injury, the bill for my portion of dinner was nearly $30.  I ate as much of it as I could, but left at least as much behind.  No need to complain, because there was no quick remedy for what was wrong.  I do have a firm resolve to stear clear of"New York STYLE" delis for the foreseeable future.
There's a lot of meat here. 

I was never a big fan of deli food but this place is open 24 hours a day. I got the open faced ruben sandwich, which was really a big mound of meat covered in cheese with two slices of bread on the bottom. It was quite good, but It was also extremely expensive. Something like 25 dollars or a bit less? And this doesn't come with any sides, just a big mound of meat.

Pickles come before the meal.
my pastrami and corned beef omlette was delicious! i will be back

wish the prices were cheaper but it was damn good food

love the free pickles
If your idea of a great sandwich is two pieces of rye bread and a pound each of corned beef and pastrami, you'll love Carnegie deli.  The meats are lean and tasty.  But that's all that I can say that's good about Carnegie.

The problems include: sandwich was dry, ambiance and service is "New York casual", which is not meant as a compliment, and it takes a while to get your food.  

But you get a lot of meat for your money, and no one can say Carnegie Deli pretends to be much more than what it delivers.
A-OK...  

The good.......Very tasty, big portions, traditional Jewish fare, to-go counter or table service.  Artery clogging yumminess. 

The bad....kinda pricey, very slow service...wallet emptying boredom.
The only reason I can think of for these 5-star reviews of this restaurant is that people were DRUNK when they wrote it. This deli is by far the most OVERPRICED and HORRIBLE food I have ever eaten.  And I am from Los Angeles where we have EXPENSIVE DELIs.  Their Matzo Ball soup tasted like dish water, and their corned beef was COMPLETELY dry.  They charge $16.99 for a lousy corned beef sandwhich with NOTHING on the side, and they have the audacity to charge you a $3.00 sharing fee on top of it.  $20 for a lousy sandwich with nothing on the side.  Even in Beverly Hills, I can get a sanwich and french fries for $15.   NEVER AGAIN!
Rye and Woody Allen (corned beef and pastrami) - 20 bucks for an 8 inch high Everest of slim sliced beef between two pieces of store quality rye bread. Having had Katz's in Manhattan, I'd say that their pastrami on rye is still the winner. But, when in Vegas, Carnegie is a pretty decent substitute. 

Complimentary pickles (3 large, mostly dill and butter) were a nice touch. So was the iced coffee with free refills: almost a good deal when on the Strip; "only" $3.50 for an approximately 20 oz glass. Table also has squeeze bottle horseradish sauce.

Open 24 hours; slow service. Probably the best perk of them all. If you want to save room for dessert (which is suggested if you like huge cheesecakes and black and white cookies!!), split your sandwich for $3 extra. To go bags were good enough for the plane. 

Other noteworthy interesting menu items: lettuce and tomato sandwich; breakfast items; bagels and fruit cups for lighter appetites; grilled cheese for vegetarians (but no veggie sandwich); pretty much, the usual large assortment of items on a typical New York deli menu.
So Disappointed =T sigh Ordered the Hot Pastrami sandwich came out a tiny bit warm. The meat was a lot stack up but it was a lot of left over pieces. All tiny bites put together. There was no one big piece. sigh. The meat was very dry and overly salted. I was so upset. Paying for a $16.99 sandwich and it was nothing like what it should have been. Also if your sharing it's an extra $3.00 bucks when dining in.

Get it to go and sit in the sports area for free when sharing lolz

Miss NYC Hot Pastrami from KATZ, still the best for me.
If you've been to Carnegie Deli in NYC, then there will be no surprises for you.  The food is consistent, the portions are huge, and the decor is exactly the same.  The prices are a lot higher though, and they charge you a fee for sharing. Really?  We had dessert too, and it was pretty bad.  The chocolate mousse pie was really dense and heavy, so not the the consistency of mousse one would expect.
Excellent food and service. Sort of pricey. Would return again.
Props to being open late at night, and awesome portions, but mediocre food.

I paid 18 bucks for a corn beef sandwich. Likewise for my buddy who paid the same for a mediocre pastrami. 

My other friend ordered steak that tasted like something you get in a military MRE. 

Anyways; avoid unless you're desperately hungry like we were. 

Oh btw, the waitress was excellent, great service!
My husband and I went here twice on our Vegas honeymoon we loved this deli so much! The manager was so personable and we chatted him up about football, food and being newlyweds! The food is phenomenal and literally made us come back the next evening before our Ron Show. If you are looking for a fun atmosphere, something a little different than a buffet, best deli food ever and great friendly staff this is a must check in!
$30 BREAKFAST.  I nearly flipped a table.  

If you are seeking a pastrami sandwich the size of your head, the option to add tongue to your omelet, or a $3.50 side of cream cheese, you may like it here.  Cheesecake craving?  This is your spot.  Other than that, I can't recommend going here for a normal breakfast unless you really just can't stand to be three feet away from that slot machine you were lovin' on.  

It took forever to get my food, which was terrible, except for the bagel, which was decent until I realized how much I'd paid for it.  There was mass confusion upon trying to pay the bill.  I really only needed a caloric base to continue a several mile walking tour of Vegas, and should have just ponied up the cash for a buffet somewhere, which would have been way cheaper and probably much better.  I think I ate about 20% of my plate and spent more than 20 minutes trying to get the heck out.  

Keep walkin'.
Went for breakfast, specifically to order lox bagels.  My husband and I each ordered one at $22.99 a plate.  We should've split it.  SO MUCH LOX.  It was delicious, and fun to literally eat as much lox as possible.  But neither of us finished it.

I heard the corned beef sammiches were equally awesome and huge.

There is a charge for splitting a meal.  I would consider getting an order to go to avoid this.

I know going into Vegas that I'm going to pay way too much for my food, but this was a little over the top at $50 for breakfast for two.  But I can tell you will enjoy the heck out of that overpriced meal!!
i had an aweful experience at this place.  First, my boyfriend's food came out before mine.  and 10 minutes later, after my boyfriend was almost done eating, my food still hadn't come out.  All I ordered was the grilled cheese.  when the waitress realized, she told me my hamburger was on it's way.  I had to correct her to tell her I ordered the grilled cheese and not a hamburger.  When she finally brought my food, she told me that the grilled cheese had come out, but she didn't see a tomato in it so she didn't think it was mine.  Funny, why would she then say my hamburger was on it's way?  Another issue is that she kept saying she'd get me more water after I told her numerous times I ordered an iced tea.  I can understand if it was super busy and that's the reason why she was making mistakes, but it wasn't.  Also, it cost over $40 for a turkey sandwich, grilled cheese with tomato, sparkling water (no refill) and iced tea.  If you're gonna charge customers that much money for a freaking sandwich, then at least provide some sort of service.
Throughout my stay in Vegas I came here twice, and they were both for breakfast.  First time I came here I ordered a tongue omelette sandwhich. I know for a lot of you you're probably thinking "ewwwwww what!?" well think again! you can never go wrong with "you never know unless you try it". It was pretty good! pile stacked between 2 slices of rye bread, it so soo big I couldn't fit it in my mouth. Sandwich was smokin' hot when I first bit into it. As for the tongue part, it looks like thinly sliced pastrami and it's quite tasty. You can never go wrong of new things when you have the chance to. Service overall was realllyyyy slow. 

 2nd time I came here, I only ordered a bagel with cream cheese. The Bagel didn't exactly taste like a bagel, tasted more like an english muffin. As for the cream cheese it wasn't so great, but at the same time I'm just spoiled with my Philidelphia cream cheese...BUT! the service was fast, I was eating with a few other people too. 

When you order a drink you get a size option for small or large. Well they really mean it, small is really small and the large is really large.. yeah you get the picture they don't have anything in between by the way!
As soon I found out we would be staying at the Mirage, I had my heart set on hitting up the Carnegie Deli.

Right after we arrived, I walked up to the to go counter and ordered the Woody Allen. This sandwhich was HUGE! After carrying it back to my room, I felt like I had just done some high intensity reps at the gym.

Don't let the $20 price tag scare you. It was worth every penny.

Service was a little slow and rude but hey it's a New York-style deli. What else would you expect?
After playing poker at the Mirage for 4 hours (and winning a little money) I headed over to the Carnegie Deli to get some food. The hostess sat me and I waited, and waited, and waited and then waited some more.

Literally 15 minutes went by (I checked my watch when I sat down) and not only did nobody ever come to take my order but nobody even came by to say they would be right with me. Absolutely pathetic. 

I saw 2 different servers working the floor that night. Not only were they both moving with the speed and enthusiasm or your typical DMV employee, but they never even bothered to look in my direction.

After the aforementioned 15 minutes I got up and went to another restaurant in the Mirage.

From looking at the menu, which I obviously had plenty of time to do, I can tell you that aside from the horrible service, this place is highly overpriced.

I will not be giving them a second chance.
Been here several times....   Place is in a great location right off the Casino floor in the Mirage (near the closest walkway to the Strip).    Their sandwiches are huge and will set you back about $20, so I recommend sharing one w/ a friend.    I have had both the corned beef and pastrami (as well as the Woody Allen which contains both).  Out of everything my favorites are the corned beef sandwich and the reuben covered in cheese.  Make sure you ask for the free pickes and put some of the deli mustard on your sandwich.   Their fries and potato pancakes are both really good.    

Would give it 4 stars if I hadn't had much better corn beef and pastrami at Deli's elsewhere on the East Coast
Giant sandwiches for a decent Vegas price. No reason to visit unless you're staying at The Mirage. I ate there twice at lunch and the sandwiches were huge. Both cost $12 and I was full after half. Buddy hit them up late night for steak and eggs and was pleased with the experience. There is nothing else worth eating at Mirage. If you have to have food, go for Carnegie as top choice over the rest of the casino.
Ok, so they nickel and dime you for everything. Want a tomato or grilled onions? That'll be an extra $1 for each. Adding turkey to a $13 BLT causes it to become a $25 club sandwich. 

However, my grilled cheese with tomato and grilled onion was very good with plenty of tomato and onion. So, I don't really mind the extra charges. Also, the portion of fries was huge! Only one order for 6 hungry, drunk girls who know how to eat!  

What more can you want from an open all night restaurant in the mirage? I'd go back for another grilled cheese!
Very good breakfast and lots of food for the price! Actually, it was too much food. Because honestly, breakfast isn't one of the meals I want to get a take-out dish for. It hurt me to leave the unfinished eggs, homefries, and toast at my table.

The price is more than I wanted to pay for breakfast but I sucked it up since I was in Vegas.  *sigh*
Went to the Carnegie twice during our stay at the Mirage. Went in for "dessert" one night. Ordered the cherry cheesecake. The cheesecake was pretty good, but it would have been better if they'd poured fresh cherry pie filling on top when ordered. Unfortunately, it was like a fruit rollup.  Returned for breakfast (it's hard, but not impossible, to screw up breakfast). Eggs, bacon, potatoes & toast - all good. Wait staff seems bothered to have to serve you. They avoid eye contact so it's hard to get a refill on coffee or water.
It is not as good as the New York one. That is a fact. That said, this New York girl went for the nostalgia and guess what? It fit the bill. The servers dress like the NY ones; the menu is darn near identical as are the to-go bags. The pickles on the table are 100% authentic.

True, the matzoh ball soup was dismal but the Jeff's favorite - a potato knish topped with pastrami and swiss -- hit the spot and was made better by the authentic deli mustard on the table.

Cons: The people next to us putting MAYO on their pastrami sandwich
Bad matzoh balls

Positives: NY vibe. Homey feeling. Effort for authenticity. Pickles! Unlike their NY brethren, they take credit cards! Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
My buddies and I came here for one of my best friend's bachelor party lunch, and in his esteemed honor (he avoids veggies), we came out like true carnivores.  Being from the Silicon Valley, I don't really get to eat from Jewish Delis often, so went for the super combo.

Alan W.  Woody Allen 

Yup.  Beasted this amalgamation of Hot Pastrami and Corned Beef in one sitting; this sandwich was "My Everest" as the wise sage Joey Tribbiani once put it.

Pretty tasty, slightly dry towards the end, but it was good enough for me to keep picking at it until I was confronted with the real thought of actually killing the whole thing.  A copious amount of their house deli mustard didn't hurt either.  I ended up just picking up the meat with my hands all primal caveman style, which I have to admit, made it more fun to eat.  Felt like bursting after and probably have an educated guess as to what carrying a 6 month old baby is like now.  I still have to put Katz's Hot Pastrami over this one though, but I liked what I had.  All of it.
When you're highly intoxicated, or at least trying to recover from extreme intoxication, everything tastes good.  That wasn't the case with this place.

I ordered a steak with some of their popular corned beef on the side, and I just didn't like what I was eating.

A friend of mine said I ordered "the wrong thing" and should've stuck with a sandwich.

But what the heck, steak and corned beef?  Isn't that supposed to automatically be good?  Took a to-go box home, and I didn't even pick at it. I left it at the hotel.

That's $20 I could've easily used on 100 McNuggets.  Or a cheap escort.
Came here a few days ago for my parents anniversary. Not very happy. The pickles were disgusting, the coleslaw was mediocre and watery. The turkey sandwiches were ok. Quality has definitely gone down since I was last here 3 years ago. Our server looked like she didn't care, looks like she just wanted to finish her shift. Prices are way too high. I don't think I will be coming back.
Came here looking for some late night grub. We stayed at the Mirage and this restaurant was located conveniently downstairs. 

I would definitely recommend getting breakfast instead of a sandwich here. Everything is just WAY WAY WAY overpriced and not worth it! At least with breakfast you can get more bang for your buck!

Breakfast is served all day I believe but the breakfast menu is only available at the register when ordering. So if I were you, totally disregard the hanging menu and save yourself and your wallet the agony. 

One thing was the service! I dont know how much you would tip for TO GO, but apparently $2 isnt generous enough? I'm sorry I didnt know you had service all the way up in our suites?! When ringing me up for my food, the rude dude at the register made a comment along the lines of "$2 only?!" as if in disbelief! I asked around my friends what they tipped and some tipped $1 and some none at all?! Excuse me?! I'm sorry but it most places TO GO doesnt require tips because the only service Im getting is you passing the food to me!

How about I just give you a pat on the back for doing your job?
Hum... maybe I am spoiled by the original location in NY. For this place, I wasn't feeling it.
Atomsphere felt more like a Denny's, light seems a bit dim, it was annoyingly dim.
Service could be better, I attempted to wave a waiter/waitress/hostess down to get my check, but they seem to all ignore me.
Took me about a good 10 mins to finally get someone attention, and additional 5 mins to get my bill.

Their pastrami sandwich was just okay, tasted more like a typical pastrami sandwich you can get anywhere.
Maybe I came in with too much hope for this place, but at the time we arrive, it was probably a given when there was no line.
I should have taken it as a hint that this place wasn't a hit in Vegas.

Will I come back? Nope. 
Will I recommend this place? Nope.
Was the sandwich picture worthy? NOT all at.
BEASTLY FOOD! 
The sandwiches are huge! The pie was gargantuan!
They give you pickles that are homemade. They grind their own hamburger and cure a lot of their own meats. I've never been to NYC, but I hope the delis are like this!
We had a pastrami sandwich and corned beef hash! The matzo ball soup looked really good.
Don't skip the latkes!
Good, but spendy. I guess like everything in Vegas, bigger is better. We went here never having been to the NY location. I ordered the chicken matzo ball and noodle soup and blintzes, and wasn't disappointed in the blintzes. The matzo balls were great, but the soup needed a bit more substance to it. It was mostly broth (homemade, I think) with matzo balls and noodles. Hubby and the friend both ordered the huge open-face reuben sandwiches. They were delicious, but crazy big. The corned beef was awesome and even though I wasn't sure about it being totally smothered in cheese, it tasted great. We all ate till we were stuffed and walked out with enough leftovers for another meal for all three of us.

Service was a little on the slow side, but they were pretty busy. Only other complaint is that the restaurant itself was sort of cramped- the tables were all really close together.
This place is fantastic we had the the cormed beef and pastrami Ruben open faced not only is it big enough to share it was one of the best I ever had. Don't forget to order the potatoe pancakes they are great too. The prices per sandwich might seem to be high but there is plenty to share I am a big eater and I found half a sandwich was more then enough,
After a long night of gambling and double whiskeys on the rocks, my friends and I stumbled into the Carnegie Deli at around 6:30 a.m.  I ordered a pastrami omelete, almost begrudgingly, because I needed to eat something.  It did not seem like a good combination, but you know what?  It worked, and it was a pretty good omelete.  Of course, I was half asleep and 6 sheets to the wind so maybe I should come back when I have the full use of my brain in order to get an accurate read on this place.
I came here for a late lunch while I waited for my friend to arrive from her flight to Vegas. There was a short wait but then I was seated and my drink order taken. I wasn't sure who my waitress was as I wasn't really greeted. The prices here seem really high. It was $9 for the grilled cheese I ordered, and it came with nothing. I thought about ordering fries, but a side was $6! I saw some girls with a huge plate of fries and I didn't want that many anyway. I decided to order a potato pancake instead. It came out first and it was huge. It was burned around the edges and was just ok. The sandwich came out next and it was not done correctly. It was on rye (yuck) when I ordered wheat. It was also tiny for $9 and coming with nothing. I wasn't checked on for my entire meal and couldn't catch the waitress's eye, so I wasn't able to send it back. I needed to get back to the room to greet my friend, so I didn't have time to order another. I ended up just eating the potato pancake. The waitress finally came back and she told me my whole meal was comped, which was nice, considering there was no way I wanted to pay $9 for a grilled cheese that wasn't even good.

I saw some of the other sandwiches here, the famous huge ones, and I can't imagine how one would actually eat or want to eat such a thing. You'd have to dissect it and it really isn't a sandwich at that point. Just my opinion.

I avoided the place the rest of my stay. Just not my cup of tea and pricy for the quality.
The worst deli food ever!!!
Slow service...server got friendlier towards the end..you know, when it's time to give your check...TIP!!! Otherwise, my pastrami sandwich was oh so yummy..my husband's sucked, not sure what he ordered, but it had tons of lettuce and I think tomato, not much meat
this place was so fun. i enjoyed the fact that it had all kinds of pictures of famous people on the wall. I have never been to New York but i imagine that this deli has very authentic new york type foods.I went 2 times with my husband. The first time we had breakfast and i fell in love with the french toast yumm... My hubby really like the grilled cheese. The next time we went we had delicious hambugars. Plus its 24 hours with good pricing.
Arrived and got seated quickly. I had the chicken salad sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes. Too plain, I would've suggest it. If you're going to go here I recommend the Hot Pastrami sandwich. BF had this sandwich and it was delicious!!!! Why did I get the chicken sandwich???? ugh... Anyways.. back to the Pastrami Sandwich. BF loved adding the spicy brown mustard on it for an extra kick. I preferred just a touch a salt and pepper. It comes on this thin rye bread with actual seeds in it (which I liked). Great that it was thin so you can really taste the pastrami. Sandwich is huge and cost $16.99.

Hope you can try it. I may try the Woody Allen next time, see what the hype is about. I like pastrami and corn beef so I'm hoping I don't go wrong.
I had the brisket and the beef was dry to my taste. My friends had the corn beef and pastrami and overall the corn beef is the best.  Overall, the food is okay.  Not sure i would go back.

I still prefer Schwartz and Abbe's in Montreal, Qc.  2.5 to 3 stars.
HUGE  and yummy sandwiches at totally reasonable prices for Vegas=4 stars. Crappy/slow service and the seeming inability to organize the seating-ordering-bringing food-paying process=2 stars. 

Still, given that the food is above average and that this is maybe your best late-night option in the Mirage, I'd recommend ordering at the (very efficient) take-out window and shamelessly going to work on your pound + meat stack in the casino. There's no judgement in Vegas, right?
Hubby's sandwich was different and he really liked it.  I had a turkey dinner that was little more than shaved, processed turkey, some flavorless mashed potatoes, and plain steamed carrots.  The kids each had a burger and we spent over $100.  Not a good deal, I would not return here.

The extra star is because hubby really enjoyed his sandwich (Ruben on rye).

The rest....meh
What's the difference between this Carnegie Deli and the other reviews page?

I didn't get to try this place in NYC but here in Vegas, you can get any kind of food imaginable from anywhere. Anyways we were stuffed from lunch so we picked up something to go later in the night. One sandwich could easily fill the bellies of two. But since we weren't that hungry, we ended up with some leftovers. Luckily our hotel had a mini fridge and we were able to save some for the next day. We ended up with a pastrami sandwich. I was eyeing their most famous corned beef and pastrami combo sandwich but just thinking of the size of that and at $20, I just couldn't do it. Although the plain pastrami was already $17. Sandwich was fixed up pretty quickly and we were on our way. Oh and we got a choice of breads but  stuck with the typical rye. Man the 'wich was huge. No way could the height of it fit in my mouth.  But wow, really flavorful without being too salty. And moist too. Some fat in the meat too which is bad for my health but makes it takes oh so yummy. A lot of deli's have either really salty pastrami or dry, no flavor meat. This was a good balance. It also came with the necessary (two) pickles and the pickle really helps with a different texture and taste to break up all that meat you're devouring. Wow, not sure I could part with almost 20 bucks for a sandwich all the time but this hit the spot this one time. And you should splurge every once in a while, especially on vacation.
The menu was very limited to giant sandwiches of meat with odd combos (tongue anyone?). It definitely wasn't your normal deli you would look forward to. They don't like substitutions and I found it pricey for what they were offering. I ended up getting a grilled chicken with mashed potatoes and their seasonal veggie. The season veggie ended up being all carrots...I thought carrot were a year round thing? It's summer so I was expecting something nice like a squash or a mix of veggies at least. The grilled chicken was ok sized and nicely cooked. The mashed potatoes were steaming hot. What the meal lacked overall was flavor. It was just blah. They needed some spices back there. My friend got the open faced roast beef sandwich with gravy and confirmed the same. It was good, it's just bland. Also, on the sandwiches, unless you order with triple meat, the giant sandwich they bring out is mostly lettuce. So it's really not that much. And the service wasn't that good either. Very hard to catch our waiter when we needed refills or to order. 

Overall I would not come back to this place. There are so many places to eat in Vegas that are better than this place.
The food is good, but damn pricey.  The first attempt of a few of the dishes came out luke warm to cold.  They weren't THAT busy, but they could have done better.  Maybe that's all part of the imported(from New York) ambiance.  I'd go back again, but most likely for a special occasion.
The portion size is huge and waitstaff is very efficient.  Food however, is bland at best... Even the pastrami which they say is a specialty.
Consider this mostly to be a novelty sandwich place. You're looking at $20+ for the large sandwiches.

One tip I have is if you do get the large sandwich, make sure you have at least 2 different kinds of meats because it sure gets hard to eat after a while, especially since the taste of the meat gets old real fast when it's the same thing over and over again. My recommendation: corned beef and beef tongue.

The other tip is to maybe just split the sandwich with someone else, but be aware there's a $3 sharing fee associated with that.
See now I know people are crazy.  OK This place is expensive, you are going to pay about $20 for a sandwich that is entirely too BIG and too expensive, but here's an idea SHARE IT :).

Ask for pickles before you start eating b/c they are amazing. [see photos]
My good friend and I always eat here and the one in NYC. We get the same thing every time. Reuben sandwich, extra plate, extra bread -either a potato pancake, fries, or macaroni salad. Extra pickles to start.  

We sat down and were greeted right away, drinks were taken, pickles were dropped off. We ate, we drank, we ordered, we asked for more pickles!!!!!

Got our food in like 5 mins flat and ate some more!  We shared the bill and we were at like $15 a person with tip. done/easy/ tasty!

PS- you can get 'take away' here too
We eat at this deli many years ago inside the Mirage Hotel and remember it was really good. With our recent visit I was so disappointed. The server lady had no idea what the soup of the day was. She was kind of nutty in her response and made us feel like she was in a hurry. Much to my disappointment the food was horrible- we sent it back because it was cold. I also found the prices to be out of line with the lack of quality. With so many options in Las Vegas, I would not plan on returning to this place. They nickle and dime you.
Pickle Palace is my favorite place. You have no idea how hard it is to find a good Jewish deli here in town.  Ask for pickles as soon as you sit down, then ask for some more, than ask for more and take them back to the hotel room with you. They are that good.  This is the same Carnegie you can find in NYC, minus the fact this one takes credit cards, NYC only cash.

Couple of pointers here: you are going to have WAY WAY too much food so make sure you share something.  It is also very pricey [like $25 for a sandwich but if you divide that by 2 =$12.50 sandwich].  This place isn't cheap but it sure is worth it.  My friend and I go here and to the one in NYC and we always get the same thing:  Reuben, extra plate extra Rye bread,  potato pancake or fries [depending on how hungover we are on the hangover scale], Russian dressing on the side, maybe macaroni salad, and ice teas [again NYC charges you for refills even for ice-tea].  You can't go wrong with this, trust me I'm a professional.
The only reason for us coming here is for the pastrami.  What was ordered were pastrami hash, woody allen, and pastrami & tongue sandwich.  They gave us some complimentary pickles of various ages.  Good pickles.

 Portions were large.  On a personal note, I really don't enjoy these types of sandwich.  There needs to be an acceptable proportion of bread and meat, not ALL meat and a bread as an afterthought.  That said, pastrami was a bit dry, cornbeef was good.  Service was excellent.  I would recommend this place though I think the pastrami is a little better at Canters.
Not sure if I fully understand what the allure of this place is.  My rueben was actually quite good, and I definitely ate wayyy too much of it.  Decent corned beefed piled high, loaded with melted swiss and flavorful sourkraut, all atop an afterthought of rye bread.  

However, everyone elses dish had me shaking my head.  The others in my party had the Woody Allen, the cheeseburger, and a turkey club.  The Woody Allen was little more than what appeared to be two pounds of meat with a couple slices of bread tacked on the ends.  That would be ok if the meat was some of the greatest stuff on earth, but it was far from it.  Dry, dry, dry.  THe corned beef, which was acceptable on the rueben, without the addition of heat is not nearly as good.  When your sandwich consists of a grotesque amount of meat and nothing else, at least make sure the meat is good.

The turkey club was piled high with DRY turkey, what appeared to be 80 slices of bacon, lettuce, and tomato.  That was it.  Same as the Woody, if you're sandwich is just going to be a showcase for a pound of deli meat, at least make sure the meat is worth showcasing.

The burger was plain and unforgettable, if at least a normal portion at a 1/4 pound patty.

For four "sandwiches", two drinks, and one order of cheesecake our bill was $120 without tip.  Can't say I'd ever really feel the need to go back.
worst pastrami have ever had. piled high dry as if pre sliced losing all the juices. as far as I'm concerned, there isn't a real deli here in Vegas. they're all put out for tourist trade. If Brent's from Northridge Ca. was here, all the Delis out here would close.
If you're ever out in LA Ca in the valley at Parthenia and Balboa, go to the real deal of Delis. You won't leave hungry and the service is incomparable. There are no words to explain the greatness of this Deli.
Very bad service. I have friends that work in the Mirage & everyone knows this place is expensive (& they charge $3 if you share). I don't mind paying for great food & service, but this place only offers good food. Took forever to get our drinks, straws, & check. Plus our waitress barely spoke English, which is frustrating.

I appreciate great service, because when you experience bad service it dampens the group's mood. I've been here 3 times & it's always horrible service, which I don't understand when it's not even busy.
First note: "This place is very, very expensive".  For a turkey sandwich and a slice of cake, you're looking to spend around $35 dollars.  While I do appreciate the fact that they are open very late and are a somewhat cheaper alternative to room service, I'd like to point out the fact that their food is extremely over-priced.

During my last outing to Las Vegas, I decided to try this place out.  I got a turkey sandwich ($27 with cheese, lettuce, tomato and onions) and a slice of cake.  When I asked for mustard and mayo on the sandwich, I was immediately told that it would be on the side.  Now, I know this may make me seem like an a**hole, but when I'm dropping close to 30 bucks for a sandwich, the least that you can do is spread the mustard and mayo on the bloody thing for me, not give me a bunch of packs.

The sandwich itself was waaaaay too large.  I understand how alluring the 12 inch high sandwich could be, but in reality a sandwich that tall is just too big to eat.  After being unable to bite into the sandwich, I found myself in my room having to break it down into sections and unfortunately I only had 2 pieces of bread for about 2lbs of turkey.

My suggestion would be to simply make the sandwiches smaller and charge a lesser price.  I know that some people would like the idea of splitting one, but the problem is that you only get 2 small slices of bread and a couple of pounds of meat.
Don't come here expecting the same quality of food as NYC, although the portion sizes and sharing fees look familiar. The sandwiches here are good, but extremely expensive at $25 for most options. The service is hit or miss, great one time and mediocre another. I wouldn't mind coming back as the food is good, but the prices will likely keep me away.
Been there more than a few times.... not for everyone. Comically enormous portions. the pastrami & rueben sandwiches are as tall as the plate's wide, the order of fries is best ordered as a community platter. Really exceptional breakfasts also, dynamite french toast... again an enormous portion. Seating is pretty tight though. In our city overloaded with the all-u-can-eat buffets, Carnegie Deli puts more than you can eat on a plate.
Bread pieces full of meat, meat and more meat...that is the basics of their sandwiches.  You get all that for nearly $20.  Everything else you want on the side or to drink is extra.
I don't know, I guess I don't get the hype about it.  Really, people have not had any better pastrami or corned beef anywhere else...really?  So hard to believe.
The pastrami sandwich while 20 bucks is worth it considering the ripoff prices on the strip. At Katz's, Sarge's in NY the price would be a couple of bucks less. A great sandwich, yes, yes, yes
Words of advice....share, don't get your own.
the woody Allen ? It's pastrami buy the pound no frills Meat with token bread slices .This place is a drunken fantasy in meat adventure . No normal human could eat half a sandwich here without going david hasselhoff  carpet surfing drunken master in the second half .it's A0K for Mirage but if you want something worth yelping goto Canter's Delicatessen at TI (right next door)  for your epic review .
My husband and I ate here around 10am on Tuesday morning. It wasn't too busy and we were seated right away. Some guy took our drink order and then we waited quite a while for someone to take our food order. I ordered the eggs with potatoes and a bagel with cream cheese. My husband got a western omelette with cheese. I believe the OJ is squeezed fresh because it was delicious. A large is $7, but no shocker in Vegas.

Our food arrived pretty quickly. My eggs were sunny side up, but 2 out of three still had some runny white parts, so I sent them back. They returned quickly and were perfect. The eggs were yummy, the potatoes had great seasoning and weren't greasy at all. My bagel was so tasty and the cream cheese was amazing. I realized I'd probably never had cream cheese that wasn't from Philadelphia's box, so I really enjoyed it. My husband said his omelette was really good and our waitress was very nice, so we were happy. I would definitely go back.
***************HIT OR MISS*****************

A group of us stopped to eat here since one person in a group recommended it.  If you have never been here it is inside the Mirage Hotel (the hotel itself is very nice).  

They give huge portions certainly one sandwich can feed two people and unless you are starving I suggest sharing.  

We ordered the borscht, "creamy" tomato soup and chicken liver with onions.  Others in the group order the Reuben covered in cheese (not sure what's it's called if it has a name)....if you're lactose intolerant stay away from that one!!

The borscht was pretty good, though they forgot to give me the sour cream.  The chicken liver & onions were very good, though we prefer beef liver.  They were nicely cooked on the outside and the onions sweet and caramelized...ummm delishhh!!

On the other hand the "creamy" tomato was more like boiled tomatoes thrown in a blender and a handful of sugar added.  DO NOT recommend this dish.  It did not have a creamy consistency, look or more important taste. 

The cheese covered Reuben was ok, nothing spectacular just large portions, and they rave about the "deli fries" which were ordinary French fries nothing specially to write home about. 

Now the cheesecake with strawberries OMG!! ah-mazing!!

The service....ehh so so.  I realize that with large groups it's more complicated but a seasoned server should have it down packed and at this point forgetting items or giving us the wrong ones is just not acceptable.  And the only reason why I know our server was season was because a friend recognized her from many times before and she herself said she'd been a food server for decades.  

Now as far as the server's assistant (the drink person) she was completely unacceptable.  When we asked about a menu item her solve all answer was "I don't know ask your server!"...humm I'm sorry but don't you work here too?? Or do you eat at the place down the street???  Not to mention that she did not make an effort to find an answer apparently anything other than drinks is above her pay grade!!

Also, the prices are a bit steep, for a sandwich I rather spend that money on a good hamburger somewhere else. 

Overall, it's kind of a hit or miss, really depends on what your order.  So, all I can say is take your chance maybe you'll get lucky.  As far as we are concerned I don't think we will be eating here again, at least not anytime soon.
Slow! Slow! Slow!
And i wouldnt trust their paging system---was to be paged in 20-25min expected wait time...
and after 3 other couples that were in line behind me were seated i spoke up...
was given some another 20min wait BS!!
After I balked i was seated within 5minz...
Service to be waited on was still slow...
But when out meal arrived it was fresh., well prepared , flavorful and HUGE!
Probably would only go back here for togo ordes...
Disappointed  if your sharing it's an extra $3.00 bucks when dining in.
Slow and with a service that leaves lots to desire.  Food is not that good either.  My fork was dirty enough to look like it hadn't been washed at all and my wife's french toasts actually tasted like sausage (maybe using the same pans for everything?)

Overall, just a "meh" (or even "below meh") restaurant.
Of course I had the Woody Allen. Now I think I can't say it enough but this thing was huuuugeeee. I mean wow, it must have been close to 3lbs of pastrami. For 19$ It was almost worth it. If they would have thrown french fries to go with it. I also couldn't believe they charge 3.50$ for Dr. Browns. I have had better pastrami in Vegas, as this one was a little bit too dry for me.
I ordered take out. And it took an hour to get my food even though I ordered French toast and my sister ordered bacon. I don't understand why it took so long. I asked the guy at the register and he was pretty unhelpful he just kept saying, your order will be right out. We finally got our order after an hour and only half of it was there. We had to wait a few more minutes before the bacon came out. Although the food was good, the service was pretty crappy.
I have eaten here in vegas a few times.  This time the food was not good and service was slow (it was crowded with a line to get in).  I had corned beef and hard salami on rye.   Bread was not so great, salami was brown and tasted old, past its prime.  Corned beef was cold.  I should have sent it back, but again service was bad so i never got the chance.  We had to pay with cash so we could get out.  I'll stick to buying my hard salami in NY at Katz's.
Oh this place....  We stayed at the Mirage during our stint in Vegas, and this is the one delicatessen located on site.  We both love deli food and said why not?  

First of all - the prices are ridiculous.  Granted - they give you a ton of food, but what does that matter when the quality is below par?

Secondly - there was always a long, involved line during peak hours.  The one time I believe we were able to get in and sit at a booth was during breakfast hours while all the party monsters are just going to bed.....ahh Vegas.  

Thirdly - the service was dreadful.  The food was bland and took forever.  The server had a meh attitude and didn't exude any helpful or friendly behaviour whatsoever.  

Fourth...ly?  Just go down to Fremont Street to find a better deli and dining experience.  Carnegie ain't it, folks.

That is all.
First off, I hardly write reviews mainly cause 1.) I'm usually too lazy due to food coma after an amazing meal and 2.) most crappy food places isn't crappy enough for me to think it deserves a bad review...but this on the other hand is an exception.

1.) Pricey
2.) Huge Portions
3.) Shitty Food

It was the biggest shitty meal I've ever ordered. Would've rather eaten the $20 bill.
Pastrami is just like the Carnegie Deli on Seventh Avenue in New York except their price is $26 and it is $16. in Las Vegas with the same amount of pastrami. 

The rye bread is not New York rye. It fell apart while we ate our pastrami. That is all right since the pastrami totally fit the bill for a NYC pastrami.

The water, of course, was Las Vegas water. 

There was a full selection of Dr. Brown soda available, in case I had a desire to drink that. 

We spoke with the manager for a while and she was nice and was here from France. This place serves all food on the menu 24 hours a day.
After any drunken night, I crave soup because it's warm and seems to sooth my mind so I look at the menu and see homemade chicken broth soup and as I look down you can add matzoh balls, golden noodle, or both, so I was thinking....hmm maybe I should just ask the waiter if they have chicken noodle soup, you know the soup that comes with actual chicken, celery, and carrots, the waiter said yeah they have it, and of course, it wasn't. It was pretty much a plate of noodles, and a separate container of hot chicken broth that tasted like the soup you get from instant noodle packets...oh well. 

My friends opted for their huge sandwiches (even a random customer asked if we wanted some lol) which run for about $20+, now picture you're holding a sandwich, now extend your fingers as far as you can, it's bigger than that, so obiously first instinct you think of, "ya I can probably share this" then you look back at the menu and realize they charge you $3 extra for sharing...lolwat. Oh yeah, extra bread is extra.

Other than that, service was good, and they have some pickles for you when you sit down.
An ok version of the NYC institution. We have not had a hot pastrami sandwich in a long time so this worked for us. The sandwich was not nearly as large as NYC but plenty for my daughter and I. Taste was good but not as moist as I would have liked. The rye bread was dry. Not close to NYC standards. All told, it hit the spot though!
We also shared a bowl of matzo ball soup with noodles. They provide extra broth on the side. Portion, like everything here, was huge. Matzo ball was light and delicious.
Expect Las Vegas prices but you will leave satisfied.
what's the point of celebrating a sandwich the size of your head when it doesn't even taste good? My boyfriend and I shared the corned beef with swiss cheese sandwich and it was d-r-y. like, the callouses on the bottom of my feet dry. ick.

we also got the matzo ball soup, which was $7. while the balls were HUGE, the soup tasted like campbells a.k.a. soup from a can. SO SALTY.

There is a $3 fee if you decide to share your sandwich (lame) and for some odd reason, the wait time during lunch is always really long. I did appreciate though, that they text you when your table is ready. that way you can put your name on the list then go gamble away all your money.
I literally stay at the Mirage knowing this place is inside (that and I do amazingly well at their Blackjack tables). I grew up in Jersey with access to some of the best diners and delis that NYC affords, so it kills me when I read reviews from people who dont understand the concept, type of food, etc. An authentic NYC diner offers massive portions of meats on bread, does breakfast insanely well but basic, and features a lot of kosher Jewish stuff. I've had everything from the matza ball soup to the massive pastrami sandwich and it's about as good as it can get for being on the other side of the country. Love getting an egg cream and the macaroni salad is spot on. Service for me has always been fine. Will be back soon!
We decided to try the famed Carnegie pastrami and corned beef inside the Mirage.  We put our name in for a booth and waited less than ten minutes. Bravo!!!  We sat down and all decided on the Woody Allen, which was a pound of corned beef and a pound of pastrami on two slices of rye bread.  The pastrami was tender and moist , but the corned beef was a bit on the dry side.   We did add their spicy mustard to liven up the meat and tried their whole pickles which were zesty and tasty.  The corned beef was exceptionally lean with the pastrami being on the fattier side.  Nothing to get really excited about, but fun to try.
Huge sandwich, loved it!
One thing I miss most about the east is good delis. In Michigan it's bread basket or Al's, and nothing I've experienced beats Carnegie Deli in New York City. Every time I visit the big apple I always stop at Carnegie Deli, as it is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. There is nothing even close to this quality in Tucson or Phoenix. I was so happy to see this place existed in Las Vegas, as I hadn't had a really good deli sandwich in a long while. That said, compared to the New York location, this place isn't quite as great. But it is still good and still worth a visit. It will also likely always be a stop for me on any future visits to Las Vegas.

For starters, my sandwich was huge, if not bigger than the New York location. Take a look at the picture I uploaded and see for yourself. However, the quality was not up to the standards of the New York City location. The meat was a little drier and wasn't quite seasoned the way I remembered it when I ate at the New York Location. Also, they don't cut the pickles in half here like they do in New York.

Other than that it was practically identical. They charge a sharing fee of $3 a sandwich, the items on the menu are practically the same, and overall it still is pretty good.  The waiter provided good service. Price wise it was pretty identical. But considering that Las Vegas in general has expensive restaurants, this was one of my cheapest meals on the trip.

Definitely recommend. It was a great dining experience.
Not a big fan of their matzo ball soup but their pastrami sandwich is delicious!!! A pastrami sandwich comes with 1 pound of meat so make sure you are really hungry or have someone to share it with. 
My friend came here once before and was a little reluctant to come back since she had a bad experience with her server, but this time, our server was great! 
They are very busy so be prepared to wait in line.
Last stop before our drive back home. And what a good choice it was! My husband and I both ordered sandwiches. He got the Woody Allen and I got the basic pastrami. While waiting for our order we got a small bowl of pickles which I think they make since they tasted homemade. 

When we finally got our food, both our mouths drop with the sight of these colossal mounds of meat. We added a little spicy mustard and went to town!

I would say half a sandwich would get you full. Anything more is way too much. But for 16-21 bucks a piece you will have two meals.. at least. 

This is a Jewish deli so all the regular Jewish eats are on the menu as well. And of course, top off your sandwich with a Dr. Brown!
HUGE pastrami sandwich that two of us shared and still couldn't finish. It must have been 5 inches tall!
Delicious and surprisingly lean. Add a dish of fresh pickles and mustard. It is perfection.

Highly recommend. If you can, pack the leftovers. You'll wish you had them after a few hours in the casino.

The only downside is the smoke filters in and really takes away from the enjoyment of the lovely food. This seems to be the smokiest and unluckiest casino on The Strip.
The Skinny: this is a place where you come to get f&*ked up by a massive so-so pastrami, tongue, brisket and chopped liver (2)value: there's a lot of meat but it just ain't that good (2) service: good efficient - gave us extra bread to take home(4)

We've always walked past Carnegie Deli in Mirage to get to The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. The alluring scent of smoking meat from Carnegie wafts over the whole area and we've been eyeing to try this place for awhile.

Not being able to choose, we decided to do a sandwich and did a custom meat sandwich that includes 4 meat choices. So we tried the brisket, the tongue, the chopped liver, and the pastrami. 

When the sandwich got to the table, it was shock and awe. It was something straight out of Man vs. Food in montrosity. That being said, was even that good?

The answer is not really. The brisket is pretty bland while the pastrami is surprisingly tough. The tongue is okay but really needed to be heated up with the rest of the meat-fest. The liver was well seasoned however with this sandwich - there was just too much of it to really enjoy any of it. As for the bread... what bread? It sort of gets lost in the shuffle amongst all the meat. But when you got a taste of the rye, it was rather dry.

Our service was okay. She was actually quite nice and gave us some extra bread to take home when we asked for a take-home container.

Curiosity satisfied we packed up the remains of our sandwich. It took me and the hubs 3 days to finish that monster. RIP mo-fo... you were one bada&*-kicking Sammy. 2 starred Godzilla sandwich.
OMG ! LOOK AT THE SIZE OF THIS ...

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=vQav2Za-QUFo9XPPeyT1Ig&userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg... can you even guess what this is ?? 

Well if you can't tell what it is.. its the infamous.. AH, THERE'S THE REUBEN #13 on the menu and under the heading CARNEGIE GARGANTUAN COMBOS 
It is an open face sandwich piled high with pastrami, corned beef or turkey topped with melted swiss cheese and sauerkraut. This REUBEN is so humungo that you can't even see the bread under the layers of meat. Amazing !  Good for maybe 3 people ? But i was greedy and ate  half myself and took the rest togo. 

Here is another delish meal... the Tuna Melt.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wEqiDS9FddipHnhCxLk3pQ&userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg... not as gigantic as the Reuben but equally good. Simple. Yet tasting. melting cheese over tuna open faced as well. Yummo. 

Artery clogging meals but good your in vegas.. who care ... :)
Great breakfast sandwiches! Huge and delicious!
The sandwiches are GINORMOUS!!! and me and the bf split one of the most massive ones they had listed on the menu... the Woody! I would have to say it looked better than it tasted.  It was just a lot of meat/pastrami in the sandwich and not much else to it.  The pickle that came with it was huge also but had a very strange bitter taste to it (which I didn't care for too much).  The prices are expensive and they do charge for splitting sandwiches, very weird. This place was very over hyped :(.
It's supposed to be like the Carnegie deli in NYC.  Not close.  It's located conveniently by the sportsbook at the Mirage and open late, 24 hrs maybe?  Either way, the rye bread which came with Pastrami was dry and uneventful.  The pastrami was good and it made for 2 1/2 meals, when I took it home.  All in all, I would not make an effort to eat here.  Breaks my heart, because I want all of NYC restaurants to succeed here in Las Vegas (Rao's, Bobby Flay's etc..)  I cannot recommend.
Four words:  "Ah, There's The Reuben!" 

Seriously,  enough said... but, alas, it's Yelp, so you know I just have to have more to say.  

This reuben sandwich here is at the top of my list of the "world's best sandwiches."  It truly is like heaven on earth... in your mouth.  And you don't have to die to eat it -- yay!  

Also, this sandwich is REALLY BIG.  TREMENDOUSLY BIG.  

I wouldn't call it a complaint, but I have been fortunate enough to eat at the original Carnegie Deli in NYC... and this location lacks the same vibe and ambiance of that location.  And I would have done whatever was necessary to include this in the New York New York hotel instead of the Mirage (duh!).

In summary, as long as they keep on making these sandwiches, then I will keep coming back!
Yeah, got the Woody Allen. Took 2 people 3 days and 500 miles later to finish it (Yeah, took it past security and back to SF) LOL. Became a vegetarian afterward for a month. 

The only downside is the price, obviously. It was expensive, and it was cold cut meat pretty much, so pretty raw, add your own sauce kind of thing. And yeah, they charge you a couple more extra bucks to share?! I don't understand the logic behind it. 

But, the BIGGEST sandwich I've ever had in my life! I went and tried it just to say that I did. My favorite portion is the beef tongue Yumm. And the pastrami was good, also. I was pretty happy, though it does get kind of tiresome after a while, hence I was so tired of meat afterward. They had a lot of great options on their menu also, so something here for everyone! I like their diner style booths and their pies look amazing. It does feel more like a fast food restaurant than anything, so don't expect anything spectacular. Service was rushed, also, and pretty nonexistent. 

But this review is for the sandwiches only. I would come back here for hot sandwich, but not the Woody Allen anymore. Just once in my life is enough. Is this place worth the price otherwise, though? Probably not. You're in Vegas, there's a thousand other better food places you can eat for the same price.
Carnegie's is located at the Mirage, near the Sportsbook. 

The front of the menu reads: "Home of the best pastrami and corned beef in town and blitntzes too!"  This may be, but at $17.99 a sandwich it's a hard to swallow the price even for Vegas.

What to do in this dilemma? SHARE a sandwich, ask for water, and take your order to go.  

Me and my boyfriend shared the corned beef sandwich since we're both not fans of pastrami. Trust when I say, it'll be more than enough: the sandwiches are HUGE. Since the prices on sodas and bottled drinks, including bottled water, were also ridic we ordered regular water. The water cups were given in a normal sized drinking cup with a lid as opposed to the mini sized water cups I abhor. We avoided dining in since the place was packed and opted to take our order to and sit at Sportsbook. I was very pleased that we only ended up paying for the sandwich.

Overall the corned beef was good.  They're very generous with the meat, I had to take apart my half of the sandwich and remove some of the meat just to get the sandwich in my mouth. The sandwich was spot on: the corned beef was very flavorful and tender combined with the tangy mustard we asked for on the side. 

Would I have it again? Yes, but only if I share it with someone!
Overpriced but delicious!
Like you see on Travel channel about the NY Carnegie Deli.  You tell you self that sandwich aren't that big and good. No lie they are huge and great!   Also I thought there chicken broth soup was the best.  Nice a simple and deep on taste.  Thumbs up from me!
What a wondeful place to eat! This was such an amazing lunch. A must go to place for every Vegas trip.
If you are stuck in a High End resort hotel you would hope to get excellent service and food.  Well that is not the case at Carnegie.
Love the sandwiches, hate the price.  The meats are some of the best you will find, and the sides and desserts are good.  If you are winning (or being comped) then this is probably a 5 star place, but if you are shelling out your own money it is way overpriced.  There are lots of places off the strip that have close to or just as good food, but for half the price.  I seem to end up going here more than I should, so it is very good food, just not even remotely worth the price.
Huge sandwiches piled high with delicious meats. Fries came out in a huge mound and steaming hot fresh from the fryer. 

Each sandwich is pretty expensive on its own, but for a small fee you can split it. We ordered the Pastrami on Rye and it was easily enough for me and my husband to share, and we both left feeling stuffed. All this after driving to the airport straight from work, a long flight, shuttle ride, check in, drop off luggage and 20 minute walk....so needless to say we were HUNGRY! It was a satisfying choice for our first casual meal in Vegas.

About $12-$14 per person if you share! And it's open until 2am, so its great late at night also.
Carnegie's is located in the Mirage across from California Pizza kitchen and the Sports Book. I've been a regular since it opened almost 10 years ago.

Come here for one thing - the sandwiches. They are HUGE and the best real deli corned beef and Pastrami around. In this case it's even a case of the location surpassing the original in NYC. 

Would be 5 starts except the service can be spotty, especially late night.
Who would have thought New York's famous deli would be sitting inside the casino of the Mirage? It is true, smack in the center of the casino across from the Beatles Cirque  theatre sits this spacious spot looking pretty similar, with fast friendly service and an exact menu from the New York original. The selection ranges from all day greasy breakfast to a selection of gigantic open faced sandwiches and some entrees. I opted to order the Rueben which when it was delivered took up the entire plate and was huge! Loaded with cheese and about at least a pound and a half of Corned beef and sauerkraut laying on a large rye slab of bread, this was unreal. It was so large, I could only finish half and it was delicious! Wash it down with a beer and a pickle and it hit the spot with fast enough service and a nice price to hit the show within 45 minutes of being seated this place was a winner!
Sweet Lord have mercy. I ordered the legendary Woody Allen--described on the menu as "lotsa pastrami and lotsa corned beef"-and the waitress brought a three-pound behemoth that left uninitiated diners slack-jawed.

A couple walked in, sat down one row over. The guy clearly asked his lady, "how hungry are you?" After she gave my beastly meal one of those awkward over-the-shoulder "Doot dee deedle doo I'm not looking at anything behind me" glances, both got up and walked out.

Literally a minute later, a manly conventioneer wandered in and sat down facing my six-inch wonder. His gentlemanly ways quickly melted and he beelined for the exit, screaming like the audience in Scary Movie--"SHEEEEEEEEEET!  OH, HELL NO!  UNT-UH!"

$3 surcharge for sharing...and sharing will definitely be necessary if you want to finish a monster like mine.

As for the quality of the meats? Not bad, not great. Sorta dry. Would I go again?  Yes...but not by myself!

On the plus side, it is very easy to access Carnegie from the strip--look for the covered walkway immediately between Caesars and Mirage.
Not the real thing, but almost. Overpriced, like most things in Las Vegas, but definitely the best deli in the area.
Came here with a bunch of buddies and couldn't believe the prices, even for a deli. That being said, we saw somebody at a table next to us who ordered a sandwich and we realized that you can still over eat by splitting a sandwich. My buddy and I split the woody Allen (pastrami and corned beef) and it was good. Pastrami and corned beef had good flavor and texture. We got a side of slaw and that was nice and crunchy too. 

the sandwiches are more of a novelty item than a typical lunch sandwich so I don't know if I will be coming back but I enjoyed it.
On the second night of my staycation with my brother and dad who flew in from New York, we were up for a New York deli. We decided on trying the Carnegie Deli, a restaurant I must of passed by a thousand times.

  Carnegie Deli has the distinction of being one of those restaurants where a nice overpowering deli smell leads guests to the establishment. As soon as I walk in the Mirage I could smell the deli smell beyond BLT, Starbucks,  and the Sugar Factory. The issue is that everytime that I looked at their menu, the prices were overpowering. Today we'd give it a try.

  There are two cues for Carnegie Deli. One is for take out and the other is for dining in.

   The dining room is spacious.  The restrooms are outside in the casino. Throughout the restaurant are pictures showing the history of Carnegie Deli.

   Carnegie Deli has a long history. It was established in 1937 at the intersection of 7th Avenue at 55th Street in Midtown Manhattan.Throughout the years they have received accolades. In 1979, NY Times critic Mimi Sheraton named Carnegie Deli the #1 pastromi in New York City. Years later, in 2009 Dr. Phil gave a shout out that Carnegie Deli makes the best sandwiches later. On March, 26 2013 I am giving a shout out that Carnegie Deli made the thickest pastrami sandwich that I ever ate.

   The Carnegie Deli website claims that all of their sandwiches are stuffed with at least one pound of meat. Finishing the pastrami on rye bread was one of the biggest dining challenges that I faced in awhile. Part of the problem is that I am not crazy over pastrami. Especially the $17 price. Carnegie offers other sandwiches that include Corn beef ($17.99), beef or brisket ($17.99), chop liver ($17.99), roast beef ($17.99), turkey ($17.99), bologne or salami ($14.99), shrimp salad ($12.99), and egg salad ($10.99). If I return I will most likely order the shrimp salad sandwich. If they are serving me a pound of that stuff I will up my rating to 4 stars. With the sandwiches are pickles. All three of us shared a bowl of french fries-a grand portion indeed. For a beverage there is fountain Coke or bottles of Dr. Brown's soda.

  Carnegie Deli's motto is that if you can finish your meal we've done something wrong. My motto is that when a sandwich costs $17, I am going to finish my meal. Unfortunately I was so stuffed that I passed over trying their renoun cheesecake.  That could be for another time.

The Yelp 100. Review 49.
Stopped in for a slice of the Cheesecake.  Back home we have Noshville, which tries to be a Carnegie Deli, and they sell this particular style of Cheesecake that my wife loves.

We didn't have anything but the Cheesecake, but I did observe a few things.

First, the sandwiches are HUGE, easily enough to share.
Second, the service is SLOW. Don't come if you are in a hurry, you will only be cross.

No complaints though, everyone seemed pretty happy with what they were eating.  I'd stop back in and try a sandwich for sure.
Been in the Mirage many times and never ordered more than cheesecake (which is delicious). It was late, and we just wanted a sandwich so we stopped in. We ordered chicken salad sandwich, roast beef and gravy and a hamburger and fries. Servers have a great personality and really hustle. Our order arrived very quickly, hot and looking great! The portion size is HUGE, none of use were able to finish our order. The roast beef and gravy is just like grandma used to make. The chicken salad was delicious and huge. The hamburger was cooked to order, juicy and very flavorful. About a half head of lettuce came on the burger. The fries were good and one order was enough for three to share. Oh, I can't forget, the dill pickles are great!

Definitely worth a try. We'll be back, in fact we did go back before we left the city!
I've eaten at both the original deli in NY and this one.  You gotta know your not ordering an ordinary sandwich.  In NY he told us if you can finish it we didn't make it right.  Actually you should probably split one sandwich between two people.  The quality of the meat is excellent.  This is the only place i eat pastrami because this is an authentic deli.  The dining area is very basic and not really comfortable but the meaty sandwiches are delicious.
Killer Reuben, a must share... We opted for the corned beef pastrami combo.  We also split an order of fries, some of the best, served light, crisp and hot.  Portions are ginormous, we had no room for the Devine looking cheesecake.  Definitely a good spot for late nigh dining.
A lot of food for a lot of dough. Ordered hot pastrami sandwich, it was huge, couldn't finish it. The sandwich itself was pretty basic just a whole lot of meat between two slices of bread. Pastrami itself was barely warm, no sauce of any kind just bland pastrami. I should have ordered Ruben, would probably have more flavor.
This was awesome!!!

For $20 you can get about 100 lbs. of pastrami and corned beef sandwich. This is called the 'Woody Allen'.  I am not sure exactly how big this sandwich was but not kidding it was about 8" high piled with meat.  For $3 charge you can split this sandwich... do it... makes the price reasonable for a sandwich and you would not be able to eat the whole thing yourself.

This is the best deal on the strip. Lots of food for a good price.
The Carnegie Deli can be loads of fun.  One last hurrah before leaving Vegas on a Sunday.

Food portions are massive.  I've yet to see anyone finish one of their mega sandwiches.

Corned Beef and Pastrami are pretty good.  Canter's in Los Angeles is better but one would have to be in L.A. for Canter's.
Incredible sandwich.  Great Service on the night that I was there.  Will definitely go back.
Randomly went here with my best friend while in Vegas. Didnt know what to expect. Ordered a pastrami sandwich. BEST.SANDWICH.EVER. The pastrami was so soft & warm. Everything made fresh.. right down to the pickle. HOLY CRAP. & the portions were HUGE. It was a little pricey $16 for a sandwich but totally worth it considering it took me 2 days to finish the left overs. Please go to this Deli when youre in Vegas. Youd be a fool not to.
All I have to say is.. Share!  The sandwiches are huge! I had the beef brisket which came with a side of dipping juice.. I thought it was really good. My husband had the lil abner which was the brisket served open face with gravy and mashed potatoes (but you can get a different side he chose mashed potatoes) again.. the portion was huge! The meat was good on both.. I guess if I didn't have the dipping juice the sandwich would have been boring and possibly lacking but I just didn't have that experience which is why I rated it at 4 stars.  We also ordered fries which came on their own plate and were good portion size.  Pricey? Well we ordered the 2 sandwiches 2 sodas and an order of fries and the bill came out to $60 bucks. I would have been disappointed spending that much since my doggie bag was pointless (there was no fridge in my hotel room) but felt better when I was able to give away my other half of sandwich to a homeless person and her doggie.  Would I go back?  Yes I would... I would probably order the same thing but share it and try some cheesecake.
MEH is the word to describe Carnegie. Only came here because we were tired, hungry, and it was inside the hotel. Came here with my cousin for some dinner. No line. Our waitress was super friendly. The two stars are mainly for her. 
$23.99 for a crappy open faced reubin...ehhh. I got a turkey one and about the only edible part was the turkey. It was slathered with melted swiss and the dressing was served on the side. Sorry. Not a good sandwich. 
Greek Salad...so-so. Nothing special especially for around $18. It was large though. Enough for two people. 
Fries were about the only decent part. Nice and crispy. Highly recommended by our waitress. 
For $50 what a crap-shoot of a meal. We barely ate much aside from some salad and fries. I would not come back here. I know restaurants in Vegas are expensive no matter what/where you eat but seriously. The food was not worth it. Also, the sandwiches or other meals do not come with a side. So that's right...nearly $24 for a stupid tasteless sandwich by itself folks. It's sadly not what you would expect.
If you moved to North Alaska from New York and find yourself at The Mirage with a craving for deli, this is your spot.

Otherwise it's a ridiculously overpriced poor imitation of a real deli.

Lox and bagel for $23.00??? Really???

Captive audience with limited choices is the only reason that places like this exist and survive.

Stick with the buffet, the food quality is mediocre but at least it's inexpensive mediocre.
I would give a zero star review if I could. The hostess and waiter were rude and looked like they thoroughly hated life. My husband ordered a BLT, which was mediocre at best. I ordered the chicken noodle soup, which their menu hailed as deliciously famous. It had no chicken, the noodles were like that out of a Campbell's can, and it was a disgusting neon yellow color. Food should not be neon yellow unless it's been dyed. I refused to even try it. Overpriced, disgusting food and I wish we never went.
We had breakfast here, way too pricey since it's in the hotel. We didn't feel like leaving the hotel so we weren't surprised it was pricey, stupid us. It took forever to get the bill. I heard their deli sandwiches are great, so next time we'll try one.
I love this place.  Ok, yes the servings are HUGE (so share) but it is seriously amazing!!!
Had the sandwich with the hamburger meat and pastrami is was incredible!!!  The fries are fresh and hot.  Also tried a regular burger and they grind their own meat so it also tastes good.  
Highly recommend this place, I think they are always open which is a plus, cuz you never know what time you're gonna get hungry in Vegas!
PRICEY!!!! Really now... calm down Carnegie.

Corned Beef sandwhich is HUGE and delicious, but I felt overpriced.

All sides are seperate and your bill will be expensive, for Mels-Drive-In style food.
We often frequent the Mirage in our trips to Vegas, and traditionally at least one meal is partaken at the Carnegie Deli.  I love the NY Deli decor, service is great, and this last time we stayed at the Mirage, our Carnegie Deli breakfast was comp'd!  This time I tried the frankfurter breakfast, and it was AMAZING. I have not had a frankfurter like this since the last time I traveled to Germany!  The bagels are great, and rustically toasted on the grill.  It can get busy at times, but even with a long line, they usually are able to seat people relatively quickly.  Their sandwiches are HUGE and can easily be split with multiple people.  I like the high quality ingredients here and it will keep us coming back for more!
I have been to the Carnegie Deli in New York and it had the best pastrami I ever tasted.  It was very flavorful and juicy, definitely worth the reputation.  So I was very excited when I saw that they opened on in Las Vegas, which I frequent much more often than New York.  Unfortunately, on top of being ridiculously expensive, the sandwich was extremely dry with no flavor.  I actually split a turkey and pastrami sandwich and couldn't even finish half the sandwich, it was just too dry.  On top of being a very poor sandwich, it costs also $25 before tax and tip.  $17 for the turkey sandwich, $5 to add Pastrami and $3 to share.
$3 for Sharing...  What a rip off, we had a sandwich family style and they charged us $3.  We got nothing extra for sharing.  Basically they bring you a sandwich, get an extra plate,,$3...  Its not like they are splitting the sandwich up inside the kitchen or giving you extra bread...  If a Chinese restaurant had that policy, it would be $3 more on every item...  Crazy business practice...
Katz, Carnegie, and the late Stage (R.I.P.) - that's my personal pecking order of how the famous NY Delis rate - mainly for their pastrami sammiches. When I was in New York, I went to Carnegie and found it odd that all the waiters seemed to be Chinese dudes. Well, here in the Las Vegas branch of the Carnegie Deli in the Mirage that still was the case - all the male waiters were Chinese. The female waitstaff were a mixed bag. But all of that is neither here nor there I just thought it was odd but amusing. We ordered the Pastrami sandwich and ended splitting one sandwich among two people. The pastrami sandwich itself was very good and juicy. I also liked the salted pickles on the side. But even though we split the sandwich, the portions were still huge and we barely could finish our "halves". I'd highly recommend splitting with a friend - unless you're one of those "Man versus Food" folks and pride yourself on being able to finish food challenges where the portions are ridiculously huge. If you ARE one of those folks, don't forget to stop by the Heart Attack Grill on Fremont later for those octuple bypass burgers with 40 bacon slices and a free trip to Sunrise Hospital.
So sad with such good reviews I recently went to carnegie's and  ordered a turkey sandwich which was way over priced ( can you say price gouging ) 2.00 for cheese and 1.00 for veggies on a $ 19.99 dollar sandwich fries and a sandwich was $28.00 dollars not to mention they give you a packet of mustard instead of them making the sandwich ..... I will NEVER  return........ It wasn't worth it !
Only complaint I had was they don't offer a combo Pastrami and Corned Beef in any other size than the Two Pounder...Really?  Yeah, their draw is huge Deli Sandwiches and the food was New York Authentic Deli...a bit warm, not hot but they ought to offer healthier portion sizes for those who want it. I wasn't able to order a half or child's size. If you do order, I suggest a take out box that you can give to some poor soul on the Strip to eat like I did.
Here's the bottom line:
1. Only go if you're hungry - VERY hungry
2. Sharing is a good thing
3. The staff has picked up a healthy New York attitude
4. It's expensive, but you get what you pay for

Located in the Mirage Hotel, this place is great. The pastrami is to die for.  You can't get pastrami like this in any SoCal deli that I've been to. Huge portions, so go with someone that split the sandwich.

We went for dinner before seeing Circ d Sole's Beatles' Love. It's about 25 yards from the theater. Seated quickly and treated well. Typical deli menu, which means it's big. Lots of different sandwiches, salads and hot plates. They serve breakfast all day, which in Vegas is a good thing. They are open 24 hours a day, which makes sense as well. 

Recommendation, get the pastrami sandwich, ask for a couple extra slices of rye bread and split it with someone you (at least) like. You'll be doing them a favor and you can get out of Carnegies for  about less than $20 per person.
For some reason I can't find any decent delis with great pastrami in Baltimore. (Note to self: ask around). In Long Beach there's a no name, hole-in-the-wall place on every corner that serves pastrami. Anyway the pastrami was absolutely delicious here. It is rather pricey though. The sides cost extra and they charge to share.
The pastrami sandwich is amazing!! Huge
I got a turkey on rye - huge sandwich, great meat, crisp lettuce, super fresh rye bread - check.   Got a side of potato salad - hands down the worst potato salad I have ever had, and that includes the yucky kind from the grocery store.  I can't believe they serve this in a bonafide deli and charge you $5 for it?  Half of the potatoes weren't cooked, the others were mush and the "dressing" was like watered down mayo.  The sandwich was pricey too, but it was at least a good quality and a large size that can easily be split.
Had two meals here and both were A-OK.  While nowhere near the quality of the NYC Carnegie's or any other 'real' deli, it was serviceable however and showed off the ridiculously huge, albeit pricey, portions that the deli is famous for delivering.

We had lunch here one day and they were receptive to my off menu order of a combo pastrami and turkey sandwich.  It was crazy big, to the point that our table neighbors ooohd and aaahd as it landed.  I ate almost half of it and wound up getting the other half to go and giving it to a homeless man on the street.  My son got a bacon and egg bagel sandwich which was equally ginormous and he did a nice job eating most of the thing.

We also had breakfast on our last day in town and again, it was pricey, with huge portions and tasty.  If I was only rating breakfast, I would have given this review 4 stars I think.  Service was a little inattentive and gruff but got the job done overall given how busy the place was for both meals.
If you're not up for something fancy, and would just be happy with something simple -- this is your place. Love the ambiance of an old time deli and New York attitude. 

I personally recommend the corn beef. Piled high topped with cheese. YUM!
I wish I could give them 3.5 stars.  But, what the heck!  I'll round up.  We came here late one night after watching a show; we were trying to find a simple meal.  Instead, we got a meal that could last us for days.  The pastrami and roast beef : these are meats that I usually find too salty for my palette, but they were absolutely delicious here.  Especially with the bread and coleslaw we continuously requested!  Great service, even when they are busy.  Keep happy and smiling and they will do the same to you.
Their pastrami sandwich is awesome not salty at all. The price is quite expensive for a sandwich. The service is almost non existent. The night we were there we were served by a filipino lady. She is border line rude. We probably will order to go next time and eat our sandwiches in our room instead.
Excellent! Chessecake was amazing!
This review is for take out and dessert only- deep dish apple pie was just fine- really nothing too special when served at a cool temperature. The service was quick and very friendly. I wish that we had bee hungry enough for a sandwich, because they looked crazy! Even our one slice of pie was enough for several servings.
Every time I walked past Carnegie, it always smelled amazing. So on my last night in Vegas, I decided to have dinner here. I was greeted by a friendly hostess, took me to my table and handed me the menu. Oh the choices they have. A sweet older gentleman came over and took my drink order. a few moments later my drink arrived and a small bowl of 3 pickles. They do all their pickling there. Th pickles were yummy. Michael S. was a waiter and he was wonderful. I told him that i wanted the meatloaf with mashed potatoes. As I waited for my food to come, I begain to start a conversation with the people seated next to me. while we were talking my food arrived. Now I'm not a meatloaf person. OMG! this meatloaf was wonderfully yummy. The mashed potatoes were divine. I had a wonderful time here and look foreward to returning. Definately ask for Michael S for your server.
My Only Issue is the Sandwiches are TOO BIG!  LOL.
This deli is something that I would recommend you check out if you have enough time in Vegas. The food comes in EPIC proportions and the quality is good, but the prices are way too high and the staff is not very polite. Don't expect a great service experience
Wow.  The sandwiches are humongous, and that's an understatement.  I've been to the real one in Manhattan and was surprised to find that they were alike.  Meals are cheap.  It's a small place, so waiting is the norm if you come here.  Pickles are delicious and are served gratuitously before each meal.  Don't forget their deserts.  Amazing.  I like the Coconut Cream pie.  But pretty much stick with a corn beef or pastrami sandwich; you can't go wrong.
I had dinner at The Carnegie Deli on 8/6/13 (check no.5070620; should management need validation).

The service was great, the restaurant was clean (and looked much like something you would see in NY), sandwiches and sides were fresh and delicious. The salad inparticular was fresh as it gets. The vegetables were crunchy (great cucumbers). Great rye bread too. I would go back for the sandwiches - because I'm flying out in late August.

As far as the desserts go...
I ordered the coconut cream pie and my guest ordered the seven layer cake.
The coconut cream pie was beautiful, but the flavor wasn't there at all. The pie was starchy (probably from too much corn starch) and lacked that creaminess and 'coconut flavor' that one expects from this classic. I used to make these pies for a resort in Saipan and the right recipe will give you great results every time. It's not a difficult dish to pull off. Anyway, Carnegie's pie lacked so much dimension that I wondered if anyone working there ever stopped to say, "Can we really standy behind this coconut cream pie"? are they testing their desserts? I doubt it.

I tried my friends seven layer cake. Way too sweet and VERY dry. I could tell that the cake was either old or it was stored at a temperature so cold that it actually damaged the genoise cake part of the dessert.

Carnegie is great for sandwiches and sides, but hey should just burn the dessert menu.
So I was really skeptical when i saw the prices for everything. I was like great another overpriced restaurant that will give a normal size sandwich. Nope not at all! I got the hash and eggs breakfast sandwich and an apple dessert and spent $22. The Sandwich was enormous and very flavorful. It held me over until dinner time which made it completely worth its money. I wish I could find something like that around where i live. Keep up the great business.
Corned beef sandwich and new york style cheesecake forever! I ate here twice one vegas trip
Kinda disappointed by this place. I had been raving about this place before my Vegas trip and was highly stoked when I finally got to try it my last night in Vegas. I should've eaten at the restaurant rather than taking it to my room at Caesars. By the time I got back, my sandwich had become a hot mess.

I had the Woody Allen, half pastrami, half corned beef. The meats were ok, but it was nothing out of this world. I had been expecting a plethora of juicy and cured flavors, especially since I'm a big pastrami enthusiast. The experience wasn't really helped by the really high prices. The service was ok, mostly because I think the manager was present and the workers wanted to look like they were busy. All in all, I would probably give this place one last shot the next time I'm in town, because I think it has potential. I'll make sure to dine-in instead. 

PS
Dear lady who cut in line in front of me,
You're lucky I'm a well-mannered guy and that I don't like to cause a stir. But I sincerely hope you lost all of your life savings and social security money at the slots!
Great serving size, actually extremely large serving size. The smallest sandwich offered here is a pound of meat! Crazy!

I love coming here, fresh meat, friendly staff and quick service.

My reason for only giving 4 stars, is the seating in here is accommodating for a lot of people so tables are very close together. I felt as if I was enjoying lunch with people in both sides of us. 

Overall great experience, a little expensive but most of Vegas is. I'd go back the next time I'm in town.
Umm, no thank you. This was definitely the worst eating experience I have had in Las Vegas. I ordered a club sandwich, which I understand is not their specialty, but I didn't have huge expectations. The sandwich was huge but not layered at all. Huge pile of turkey covered in bread, huge pile of bacon, wedge of iceberg lettuce. Basically ingredients that you have to assemble yourself. Oh and did I mention it cost $27. Ultimately had to complain to the manager about my disappointment.

Annnddd, my friend did get the pastrami which was also not very good.
Came here for a quick bite after just getting into town. Guess this was the wrong place to do that, but my husband was craving corned beef, so it is what it is. The service was awful. Super unfriendly, the guy never once cracked a smile. 
This restaurant accomplished one of my top 3 pet peeves. If you are a restaurant known for your gigantic portions, yet you charge a fee to split, you are BAD PEOPLE!
Earned an extra star for the corned beef. It was, as advertised, huge and pretty tasty. But definitely not the best I've had and not worth the money or the bad service.
Why does everything have to be SO BIG?! Usually we Yelpers don't complain about that (ha!), but in this case it's just ridiculous. Not to mention the potential for inducing heart attacks is immeasurably increased. It must be part of the appeal / gimmick, but too bad larger sizes don't translate to better food quality.

We were here for breakfast at 8 AM after a long night of partying and gambling (we hadn't slept yet) so at this point everything * should * have tasted good, right?

My Grilled Cheese with ham was hearty and a decent size -- thankfully not a monstrosity. The "Hash Browns" were more like a plateful of overcooked potato chunks, most of which were too hard in texture to eat. The "Side of Bacon" turned out to be an overflowing platter of much-too-crunchy, strange looking meat strips.

Service was friendly when we arrived, but seemed more hassled as the room began filling up for breakfast. 

All in all, an okay experience but would only come back for convenience (a.k.a. when staying at the Mirage and cannot make it to a restaurant outside the hotel).

TIP: Size isn't everything.

DATE TIP: Size isn't everything. Wait, what?! I'm talking about the sandwiches!
I will tell you that they have the biggest corned beef sandwich I have ever seen and it was delicious.  I was not a fan of the breakfast but the sandwiches are great.
All I had was half a sandwich Pastrami and Corn Beef, I'm not a fan of either, but my friend picked it and to my surprise I enjoyed it.  We couldn't finish the whole sandwich so i took it home and had it for breakfast, it was still good the next day.  I want to go back to try something else.
This place is terrible, from the food to the service.  Add some atrociously (even by Vegas' standards) high prices & you have a losing situation.  I officially deem this the biggest rip off of a restaurant I have ever eaten at in my life.

I had the most bland roast chicken I have ever tasted .  Came with pasty mashed potatoes & 'steamed veggies', which was half cooked broccoli.  Also sampled were the hot turkey sandwich (ok, but for $22 for a SANDWICH it should have been waaaayy better), liver sandwich (blech) & the daily special - shrimp dinner (frozen fried shrimp from a box).

Even the free pickles they give you were pretty gross.  Everyone had one bite, then just left them.  Service was pretty lame & indifferent, which can work in an actual New York deli, but definitely does not in Vegas.  Don't waste a minute of your time or a penny of your money at this place.
alright, perry's in chicago on franklin makes a bigger sammy, but if you are buffet'd out (is that even a word?), stop on into Carnegie and split a sandwich the first time you eat there.   The portions are perfect for the glutton in all of us but unless you plan on going right to bed don't try it.   3 stars only because I gave four stars to a place the other day and it was filtered.   If you are reading my review, consider it more a 4/ 4.5er than the 3.
thanks
Deeeeeelicioous! Not sure what all the negative reviews are about. You're there to eat food, not to chat with your waitress.
Ok, I know it's Vegas and everything is expensive, but these were just mediocre over priced deli sandwiches and small soggy potato pancakes.  However, as in most casino spots, the staff trips over themselves to make sure that you have everything that you need and that you aren't waiting for good service.
A return visit was made to Carnegie. We were served "yesterday's pastrami." It was dry The Jewish rye bread was a little tough. There was not enough moisture to affect the bread. Also slow to serve us drink refills. 

My wife wished that we ate elsewhere after she tasted her pastrami

Of course, all these comments are made comparing Carnegie (Las Vegas) to what we eat in Manhattan and Brooklyn.
What's not to like about a mile high sandwich filled with pastrami!   Yum!
Long wait, slow service, a little pricey, $3 charge to share but huge portions.  Although I was expecting much more, the pastrami tasted decent. It was tender and thickly sliced, but the flavor wasn't anything special.  Maybe the one in NY is better.
I was in Vegas last weekend with some friends. We stayed at The Mirage. On Saturday, a few of us went to the Carnegie Deli for lunch. It was great. The place was super clean, the staff was friendly, they brought a dish of pickles to our table almost as soon as we sat down and, oh yes, the food was fantastic. I started with chicken soup. It's really just broth, no chunks of chicken or veggies. You can get it with egg noodles or rice (I went with rice). I was brought a bowl of rice and a small metal pitcher of broth. It was delicious. Then I had a turkey and swiss on rye with mashed potatoes. The potatoes tasted like homemade and the sandwich was just what you'd expect in a deli, tasty rye bread piled high with tender, flavorful white meat turkey and Swiss cheese. It was big. Light eaters might want to share one. I polished mine off with no problem, but I had no room for dessert. Next time I will. This place is going into the Vegas rotation, for sure.
Carnegie Deli was recommended by a few people to try while I was in New York.  Unfortunately, my schedule was packed and I couldn't make it.  Since we found out there was a Carnegie located in the Mirage Hotel, it was a perfect time to give their famous hot pastrami sandwich a try.

The chicken noodle soup ($6.99) and the chicken soup with matzo balls ($7.99) are a must order!  The noodles were small and tender.  Both soups come with a chicken soup which is flavorful and extremely comforting.  Definitely perfect for the morning after a long Vegas night.

The hot pastrami sandwich ($16.99) was a disappointment.  A large amount of pastrami is stacked between two pieces of bread (choice of rye, white, or pumpernickel) and served with a side of pickles and dijon mustard.  Though I ordered a HOT pastrami sandwich, it came out room temperature and the meat was dry.  I thought maybe I just got a dud, but my friends said the same thing after eating there a day later. 

WHAT TO KNOW:
*Dine in or take out (note: they're separate entrances)
*Consider sharing, portions are HUGE
*Breakfast served all day
*Not sure on their exact hours. Their napkins say 7am-2am, but they were open around 4:30am
Sandwiches are way to big.  Plus nothing but meat and bread, was sick of it only a few bites in.  I had the pastrami and my brother had the brisket.  He also said the brisket was dry.
5 stars!!! all the way!!!   This place is every bit worth the price and the wait.   The food is outstanding and the there is so much you will be full for days.   The tables are close like in NY I'm not crazy about that but I'm there to eat not worry about who is sitting next to me.   

Check it out its amazing!
The menu was just like the one in the NYC. The sandwiches are all made fresh and are BIG. There is a share charge, but most people would not be able to eat a whole one by themselves. We got the corn beef on rye which was outstanding. They also have the brown mustard that was made for these sandwiches. We also a slice of the cheese cake, which is also made fresh and is just huge. The service was very good.
Totally enjoyed this place from start to finish.
Come here for the amazing HUGE sandwiches of meat.  Don't come here for a salad, or soup.  The Reuben and Pastrami sandwiches are HUGE!!  The Reuben seems like the best.  My partner couldn't finish his ...and he always finishes his meal.  There may be a wait, so come early or at odd times.  It's a medium sized place in the hotel.  Good service.  Not many veggies around.
I've been to this Carnegie Deli several times now.  I actually like it better than the one in New York!  My boyfriend discovered the very best thing on the menu to order... Jeff's Favorite (I think that's the name).  It is a potato knish topped with your choice of pastrami or corned beef, topped with melted swiss cheese.  OMG.  It is so amazing.  The potato knish is a hundred times better than having bread!  And it's huge.  Unless you have a HUGE appetite, split with someone... plus it's $24.99.
Most famous for the WOODY ALLEN (half pastrami/half roast beef) sandwich. 

Let me just say, that this thing is  a MONSTER. Imagine the biggest pastrami sandwich you've ever had and times that by 5. For about $25 a pop, IT BETTER BE BIG. I ordered this to-go for my mom and she loved it. The lady who took my order even offered extra bread since you can make about 4 sandwiches out of the amount of pastrami and roast beef they give you. 

A bit on the pricey side, but you can feed a whole family.
I had lunch at Carnegie today and it was my
first time ever. My boyfriend always raves about the Carnegie in NYC and didn't want to check out the Vegas lactation because he didn't think it would be as good. He was wrong! The food was great! Huge portions!! Once we saw all of the people around us getting huge meals we decided to share our sandwich. (Although I've worked in the industry for many years as a server and bartender, Ive always had a special type of hatred for the people who shared meals like sandwiches) but seriously this sandwich was HUGE! and delicious. We also had one of their potato pancakes, which was probably the best potato pancake I've ever had! So good. Although our waitress was a bit un attentive, we still had a great time. and the food came out quick! Next stop is Carnegie NYC! I've heard it's better than Vegas but I kind of think its impossible!
We are there every visit to Vegas.  Ask for Sylvia's station... she is the best!  Now the food.  You better be really hungry and bring lots of friends.  The Woody Allen is enough to feed a family of 4.  This sandwich at $20. is worth ordering just to look and marvel at it.  it's like the 7th wonder of the restaurant world.  Watch some of the other sandwiches walk by and you will be amazed.
SHARE!!!!!!!! That's the most important thing to do here!

We ate here on 12/11. I got the sandwich that has 1# Turkey 1# Corn beef and 1# Beef tounge and slaw on it. It was very good! The wife got the tuna melt also huge.

My critique is that I they must freeze or just have very very cold refrigeration because my Turkey and tounge were a little  too "cold". Other then that it was a good meal.
Loved the egg and bologna sandwich and the Latkes served with all the sides! yummmm

Everytime we go to Vegas, we have to stop in for a bite!

It's definitely pricey but the portions are so huge that you'll have 2-3 meals per plate!
It's been a looooong time since I last ate something at Carnegie at the Mirage.  I'd say about 8 years (my first review below was written about 4 years after my first visit).  What I like about Carnegie is how they're open 24 hours a day.  But what I don't like about this location are the inflated sandwich prices.  No matter.  I really just came here to eat something to soak up the booze so what better thing to order at 2am than their Open Faced Pastrami Reuben, appropriately named, "Ah, There's the Reuben!".  

Ah, there's the Reuben! -- http://bit.ly/IJ5T04
Yeah, it's a mountain of cheese, pastrami, and sauerkraut on top of two slices of rye bread and a bowl of Russian dressing.  I think with me going to Katz's Deli and having their epic pastrami last summer, it kind of spoiled me and made any NY style deli's pastrami inferior.  That was my take on Carnegie's pastrami.  Though I quite enjoyed it, it didn't have the same magic.

Definitely come here if you want huge sandwiches that'll take care of the big appetite.  They may not be the best tasting and are a little overpriced, but they'll get the job done.
I've eaten at the REAL Carnegie Deli in NY. This is a poor imitation. T0 me there are three measures for a good (Jewish) deli. 1) Corned beef sandwich, 2) Roast beef sandwich, and 3) chicken noodle soup with matzah balls. I had #2. I asked the cashier (I ordered takeout) if the roast beef was rare (there is really no other way to enjoy it). She said it was. I took her word ... my mistake. It was well done with not a hint of pink anywhere ... it was gray-brown. To make matters worse, the meat had a mealy texture ... ewww. The rye was fresh though with a nice hard crust and soft innards. But I couldn't get past the meat. No kosher garlic pickles were included in the order? Why not? IMHO, rare roast beef should be bright red throughout and have a wet texture from being freshly sliced. Some "blood" (not really blood0 should remain on the plate if you put a slice down for a sec. [Bud's deli in Sacramento slices their RB in front of you, and it's absolutely perfect]. I may go back to try a corned beef sandwich or the soup ... but at $20 for my sandwich, it will definitely be a gamble (the restaurant is in the Mirage hotel and casino).
It's a New York style deli, long on huge portions, not so much on flavor.  We only ate there for breakfast this time, the first day I ordered cheese blintzes.  Now my Jewish grandmother made those for years and I never had one that looked or tasted like these did.  These were deep fried and so crunchy that they begged for some sort of fruit sauce.  Alas, only choice was either sour cream or apple sauce.  Next day I had an omelet which was huge.  Supposed to be a cheese omelet but the only cheese was on top not in the middle.  Every thing is huge as mentioned before, costs $3.00 to share which might be a better option, no one can eat this much.
Good meat sandwiches that work well after a long night of drinking. The nyc style of the counter,  the entry,  the black and white tiled floor is all great. 

I've had both the corned beef and the pastrami. Pastrami is much better. I had the corned beef hash too. It says comes with a fried egg. But when I ordered it no fried egg. The server then said that you have to actually request the egg specifically - even though it says it comes with a fried egg. I guess I should just be happy that it came with beef despite my not requesting it. Also it doesn't come with bread - so it's just a pile of chopped beef and oily potatoes. Pass.

Try the burger place across the way instead. If you're on a corporate account then I goes this is Ok. 

Slow service, mediocre food and high prices make this no better than your typical mirage hotel restaurant.  Try to avoid unless you can't avoid it.
Don't get the chicken salad - at $14 a sandwich it's just not worth it. The bread isn't great, it's a bit stale, and the chicken salad is rather bland. It might be a better deal than room service, but again the taste just wasn't there. Great portions, but not great taste. I didn't try the dessert, but the portions looked huge.
Massive, Massive sandwiches! Quick service, at a reasonable price. The sand which alone will fill you up. Plus they give you deli style pickles with your sand which. They load the sand which with Tons of meat on the sand which.This place is just like the classic delicatessen in new york. I had the tatala a good combination of turkey and corned beef.
Carnegie Deli is somewhat a guilty pleasure of ours when my hubby and I visit Vegas. The dishes remind him of Brooklyn and me of Russia. While some of the dishes are not extremely authentic, the flavors are just good enough to give you a taste of the Eastern European and Jewish cuisine.

During this stay, I enjoyed a bowl of pierogi. Of course nothing comes close to my mom's homemade ones, but the flavors were not too bad. I didn't really like the dough, because it reminded me of the cheap deep frozen ones you can buy in a supermarket. But the filling was quite nice.
I'm pretty sure i was half asleep, or fully asleep while being here at 2-3AM....BUT...they played good music.

i remember this because i woke up to my party singing Boys II Men 'End of the Road' as a chorus line, and having the entire restaurant joining in. A scene out of a movie. If their employees can handle that, i'm sure this is a great place. I partially remember eating half of a burger...didn't complain so it must've been decent. I absolutely love 24 hour diners in Vegas, it's perfect for after the club. It's no taco shop in San Diego, but its a perfect Vegas alternative!
Holy sandwich, Batman!

If you ever have a hankering for gigantic sandwiches where the meat is literally piled as high as your head, then you my friend, have come to the right place.

After indulging in Fat Tuesday's awesome big-ass drinks, we decided to eat here. For some reason, alcohol will imbibe some sort of food courage in you. Specifically the peach bellini with an extra shot.

My brother and sister-in-law were smart and decided to share the "Woody Allen", which was two lbs of meat (pastrami and corned beef, but they got all pastrami). My husband and I, alcohol in tow, decided against logic and each ordered our own "Woody Allen", all pastrami. Once the food came, our mouths dropped in amazement... These suckers were massive! Each half of the sandwich was precariously held together by wooden skewers. I took one bite and immediate felt giddy with happiness. Meaty, juicy, and packed with flavor... Definitely worth the $20+ price tag. We rashly ordered sides, but figured we might as well, since it was our last night in Vegas. Go big or go home, right? Two sides, coleslaw and pickles. The coleslaw was okay, but their house made pickles were delish! 

45 minutes later, we tapped out. Needless to say, our eyes were too big for our tummies because we both ate equivalent of half a sandwich... we should have just split one. Took our leftovers with us to eat as a late night snack.

Go. Eat. This. Now.
I ate here a total of 3 times, take out twice, and dining in once. If I was basing this solely on the take out experience, it would have been 4-5 stars. The food is great, huge portions, and they are open 24 hours. The food also came out pretty quickly, even at 3 AM. However, on our last day we ate there for lunch with 8 people. We were seated immediately, even though only 4of us were there. The other 4 arrived less than 5 minutes later. We asked for 8 waters, and received a total of 5. We then had to wait 30 minutes for a server to come to us. I had to stand up and walk to the hostess and ask her to send a server to our table. He got us the remaining waters and then we had to wait another 20 minutes before we even placed our order. The table of 6 next to us arrived after, ate, and paid before we even got our food. I complained to the manager, who then sent the waiter over again. The manager told the waiter we complained, in our presence. The waiter came over and instead of apologizing, argued with us that he had come over shortly after our whole party had arrived. We were all taken aback that not only did the manager tell the waiter of our complaint in front of us while we were eating but also that the waiter tried to argue with us that he was right. At the end, it took us an hour and a half to eat here, and nothing was comped from the bill. Eating in is a disaster, I would give it one star based solely on that experience. I would recommend taking out from here.
Truly amazing sandwiches. Absolutely hits the spot if you've been drinking and need to fill up on food. Just be careful what you order and make sure you're on the brink of starvation, the portions are insanely massive. You get heaping mounds of meat in your sandwiches, almost to point where it's laughable. I ordered the Reuben that was super delicious. The only annoying thing was that I had to take almost 3/4 of it to go because I was so stuffed from eating the 1/4. So I ended up having to lug around 3 lbs. of meat all over the strip in a doggy bag. We didn't have a microwave in our room either so after it went cold it wasn't that great the next day. It had become a coagulated pastrami and cheese brick. Pretty nasty, ended up just throwing it away. For a $24 sandwich that kinda sucked.
I was with a party of 5 at around 3pm on Friday. They sat us fairly quickly. We had a few questions for the waiter about some items and found out that unless you specify, everything comes bare bone unless you pay extra. To the point of adding sour cream to the baked potato or lettuce on your sandwich. We ordered our food and 25 minutes later my wife's tuna sandwich showed up. 10 minutes after that three of the burgers showed up and only a few minutes later my "hot pastrami" sandwich came out. My sandwich was warm at best and it wasn't until we were all almost finished eating that I realized I never received my potato. I reminded the waiter at which point he went back and got it. When he dropped it off there was no sorry for he delay or anything. I thought about sending it back, but at that point we just wanted to split. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. If you are starving and need a bite at 3am. Go across the street.
First time here ordered the WOODY ALLEN next time I would get all pastrami bc the corn beef was too dry. We shared the sandwich and they made us pay 3 bucks extra I thought that was ridiculous if u order it Togo u don't have to pay it anyways it was good I don't think we would go back tho
Items Selected:

Carrot Cake
French Toast
Cheese Blintzes with Big Apple Sauce
Coffee

Located inside The Mirage, 24-hour New York staple Carnegie Deli had long been one of those restaurants I figured I would 'eventually' patronize - the menu featuring a few items of interest but the Las Vegas Boulevard upcharge seemingly unjustified by 'deli food,' no matter how good - an early morning breakfast finally sparked by a group of friends staying at the hotel and the result a good time with surprisingly good food despite prices I'd still label exorbitant.  Bringing the signature 7th street delicatessen to a surprisingly small space just off the gaming floor where a few trios and quartets sat basking in the glow of the prior night's escapades behind enormous sandwiches and cauldrons of matzo ball soup it was to friendly service and overhead Sinatra that we arrived and seated immediately orders followed in an equally expedited manner, a total of perhaps nine items ordered but my focus on three plus a half-dozen refills to my cup of coffee.  Speaking first to my favorite 'appetizer,' the $8.50 slice of carrot cake proved competent and not overly sweet, but perhaps as a result of our early morning visit and a cake from last night the crumb delivered slightly dry and under-spiced - the impressive cream cheese icing thankfully buoying the dish, though none of it nearly as impressive as the $13.95 fried cheese blintzes whose light eggy tones and balanced parts savory meets sweet proved excellent on their own, yet far better with house-made applesauce taken bite-for-bite.  Eschewing  meats or omelets, though all looked good, it was in a Jewish deli's Challah that I placed my trust for a 'main course' and with three thick slices soaked in batter, fried golden in butter, and drowned in maple syrup I really could not have asked for more, the stack a veritable bargain at $10.95.
My last hoorah in Vegas...just before heading home, we had to have lunch at Carnegie Deli at the mirage. Unfortunately because it was located at the back of the casino, the restaurant was pretty smokey. 

Our wait, at 11am on a Sunday morning was about 15 minutes. We came for a huge corned beef and pastrami appetite, but most of the food coming out of the kitchen
was breakfast.

My husband and I shared a stuffed derma, (2 large pieces on the dish). One of the best I've tasted...nice and crispy along the casing. We shared a matzoh ball soup. I remember Carnegie serving a softball sized matzoh ball years ago, now it's served with 2 smaller ones. Good chicken stock and very tasty and fluffy matzoh balls. We then shared a Woody Allen (corned beef and pastrami). Huge! Delicious! even better when paired with mustard and pickles. 
My husband ordered an egg cream, and he said it was excellent...

Service was horrible, at least our server was. I had to ask for pickles, silverware, our drinks (waited about 10 minutes after ordering).

Tables are really tiny and you can hear every conversation intimately, as the tables are pushed really close together in this tiny place....just like in NYC.

If traveling by car, this should be your last stop, because the sandwiches have about 2 lbs. of meat in them, you'll want to grab a doggie bag to bring home with you.

The two of us ate for just under $50....which by Vegas standards is pretty cheap!
One sandwich a big as a bud beer bottle very good club sandwich, very fast service and the dessert are just as big.
I have to say it was pretty good. 
I can't say it is AS good as the one in New York, but it's the best i've had out West.
I think the meat from the NY restaurant is just a little juicier somehow.
It's in the Mirage Casino, so be prepared for all that comes along with going out to eat in a casino - well worth the trip though.
I ordered the Woody Allen (1/2 corned Beef, 1/2 pastrami) - you cannot finish that sandwich alone. I recommend sharing it unless you are a professional eater -
 IT'S THAT BIG!!
Waitress was really nice, she told me about the local discount  (I didn't know they had one). She told me whenever you go to a casino to bring your drivers license and you get lots of stuff for a discount..... I did NOT know that.
All in All I really liked it, I will go back for sure.
My good buddy from New York took me here last night.  Said I had to try the pastrami, pickles, and soup at this place. Said it was the best he has had in New York.  You know what, he was right, this was one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've ever had. It is pricy but worth it. Also had the cherry cheesecake and it was incredible.  One of the best I've had in a long time. I will be back for sure.
The Roasted Chicken is super dry so make sure to grab a lot of gravy. All in all not very impressive. We settled for this place because my fianc was sick in the room.

Unless you really wanna try their pastrami, I would skip this spot.
If Joey Tribbianni were a real person, I imagine he would be a regular here! 

The space is a little crowded but has a lively atmosphere right inside the Mirage. Upon sitting down, you receive a plentiful bowl of pickles that provides some great snacking. After seeing the massive plates around us, my dad and I decided to split the Reuben. They do charge you a couple extra bucks to split a meal, but when you're not taking any leftovers home anyway its definitely worth the savings. We substituted the corned beef for pastrami, and the open-faced sandwich took up the entire plate. It was absolutely delicious. The potato salad wasn't bad, but nothing homemade.

The prices look a little steep at first glance, but once you realize you can eat for days off of one meal it makes sense!
Unfortunately, I couldn't indulge because of my post flight nausea, but I did take a few sips of the matzo ball soup, which was really good!  On another day, I would be overjoyed at the sight of the sandwiches, which are immense.  But alas, today was not the day.  

If I were to come back, I would bee line to the BLT, which was stacked high!  I detract one star for the $3 sharing charge, which I think is ridiculous.
Honestly for a meal on the strip this is one of the best values I have had. The food was good and the portions were enormous. I had a cheeseburger which was very good and someone else ordered a blt which had more bacon than any sandwich I've ever seen. Overall I thought it was very good. Maybe not the absolute best food you've ever had, but a 13 dollar cheeseburger in the casino is a great value especially since it filled me up
3.5. The sandwiches are pretty good if you just get the meat one ie for lunch. 

The breakfast sandwiches are disappointment.  I felt I wAs eating an egg sandwich. We're was the corned beef?   

Buddy said he got sick off his
Yeah...... it's good.

The soups..... as far as deli soups go.... is the real NYC McCoy. The crowd, depending on what time of day and day of week you go, ranges from trucker-looking implants from the midwest, to train wreck inebriated honeys that apparently got passed over from the reject reels of Girls Gone Wild (I actually saw a girl remove her underwear from her skirt in the middle of the restaurant........ and note that I'm not actually complaining about it...).

The sandwiches are very decent, and pay homage to NYC sacks. The only thing I don't like at Carnegie is the tunafish salad. It simply sucks. Not terribad, just not great, even for a deli.

It ain't cheap (what is on the strip?), so make sure you're hungry when you come in.
SERVICE SUCKS. Came on a Sat night to order to-go and the cashier was rude as ever. If he didn't feel like working at that moment, he should've gone a break and not take it out on customers. Food was good, except the terrible service left a bad taste in my mouth. Ordered the Woody Allen (pastrami and corned beef), which was good. Don't expect a fancy sandwich with condiments. It's just purely meat and VERY thin slices of bread. Get some extra horse radish and enjoy the sandwich with their pickles. Hope you don't get the rude cashier!!
Great food. Nice family friendly deli inside the mirage. I ordered the corn beef and to my delight a massive sandwich of epic proportion was brought to my table. I added a liberal amount of Carnegie deli mustard. The only word that can describe this sandwich is delicious. The service here was also great. My waitress, Michaelyn gave me an awesome smile, and above average service. I recommend anyone with a hungry tummy stop here and enjoy.
Nothing quite like paying $22 for a completely tasteless corned beef sandwich. I don't care if it was flown in from New York that morning, this was just not good. I had the take out, so I really can't comment on the service, etc...but it definitely took a while coming out and it was not worth the wait. Would absolutely not return, especially with a less expensive CPK and a burger joint just down the hall within the same building.
It's an old fashioned Delhi, their sandwiches are huge. 1 sandwich is easily enough for two people
After having two pieces of cheese the size of quarters as a tapas at another restaurant, we were starving! Made our way to the Carnegie Deli in the Mirage. I had the pickled herring and the knish. Was such a huge amount and delicious! The server (according to the receipt was Michae) was amazingly friendly and very New Yorkish. Best service the entire trip. Best food the entire trip. Would definitely go back again!
It eating a gargantuan sandwich is your thing, this is your place!  The pastrami is first rate and the bread is ... well who cares about bread anyway ... it's just there to keep your fingers clean of meat juices.
Quick, simple and large portions! You can def plan on sharing unless you are a fatty!!
Love the pickles!!!! BLT I swear is a whole pig! So much bacon! Pastrami is very good but could use some cheese. I'd come back!
The sandwiches are HUGE! We ordered a Reuben that comes open face and is definitely a fork and knife plate!!! Had the famous blintz with apple sauce! Couldn't imagine the sour cream with the flavors being very good but it is very heavy could only eat one little bunt . Good but now that I've had it and know what it's like I won't be craving anything here to come back for.
I hadn't been to Carnegie Deli in a decade.  But after attending the awesome Yelp Night @ Terry Fator and seeing the Terry Fator Show, dining here seemed a great idea.  So Diane and I headed over, and I braced myself for Matzoh Ball Soup and a gigantic corned beef or pastrami sandwich.  To my surprise, by ordering a Woody Allen I could have both.  The name of the sandwich almost deterred me from ordering it, because I am definitely not a fan of Woody Allen.  But in the end I relented and ordered it along with a bowl of Chicken Broth with Matzoh Balls.  After I had devoured all four juicy complimentary pickles, and getting more, the soup arrived.  Two very large Matzoh Balls arrived in a large bowl along with chicken broth contained in a shiny silver metal container.  After I poured out the broth and filled the bowl, there was still broth left over.  So the portion was quite generous.  Diane ordered noodles to go with one Matzoh Ball, which I sampled, and they were thin and went well with the lightly seasoned chicken broth and really good, light and fluffy Matzoh Balls.  We also shared an order of French Fries, which arrived quite hot and filled an entire platter.

But the piece de resistance was my sandwich.  It is actually larger than the standard sandwiches on the menu, which already are enormous, and cost just under $20.00.  It was g-normous (whatever is larger than enormous), and after taking one look at it, I knew I would be taking a full half of the sandwich home.  And that is exactly what occurred.  It is definitely one of the best sandwiches I have consumed: half corned beef intermixed with pastrami, all moist and warm, likely hefting at least 1 lb. of meat per half, on supple Jewish Rye (see pics).  And, it was just excellent!  After removing the toothpicks holding everything together, I managed to eat some bites normal sandwich style before resorting to knife and fork.  And, I really had to push myself to finish a complete half.  But at length I did.

Service was very good and efficient.  I quickly received Heinz mild yellow mustard and additional pickles on request.  The place was comfortable with a deli feel to it.  And, I polished off the second half of that sandwich split into lunch and dinner the next day.  But even before that I tipped my home scale 4-3/4 pounds heavier than the day before.  Believe me, the appetizers from Stack at Revolution before the Terry Fator Show did not cause that gain.  Half of a Woody Allen did!

I will eat at Carnegie more often, but to keep my weight under some reasonable control I think I will only order the Woody Allen again on at best an annual basis.
For the price ($15), I just knew the pastrami would be delicious. WRONG!!! No flavor at all. The only compliment I can give is the fries were hot and good.
What a difference!  Waited forever to get seated then for the next 10 minutes we were ignored.. the kicker.. the place was empty!  Decided to give up on sit down and ordered to go.. disappointed in the treatment at the to go counter not to mention the food tasted stale.  So sad since I was sooo looking forward to eating there again. Shame...
Quick takeout sandwich and HUGE portion. It's a bit of the pricey side for a sandwich, but It is HUGE, you be the judge. LOL. 
Chicken noodle soup for 5 am breakfast was pretty good. But not enough noodle.
It is a great place for 24 hour service.
I just can't get pastrami or corned beef this good around home.  I just wanted to eat a plate of the pastrami!  Yes, the portions are huge, yes, the bread is tiny in comparison.  This place is better than the original, more space, friendly service and no lines!
The sando here is ridic! Crazy amounts of meat and impossible to eat as a real sandwich. I stick with the pastrami and corned beef they are so tasty you dont worry about anything else. But it includes pickles in a bag that were horrible. They should outsource them it was so bad. I was really in need of another flavor and the pickle let me down lol. If ur in a spot this place is a good choice to get a sando.
Cheesecake. 


Meh. Looks MUCH better than it tastes! It actually tastes like the plastic container it came in, needless to say it has NO flavor. What a disappointment! I wish I would have kept walking past the glass display case the cheesecakes were in because this cheesecake was not worth the $10 price tag. I would NOT recommend this place based on my cheesecake. I mean, how can you go wrong with this?? Booooo.
We ordered on the take-out side and the service was prompt.
Pastrami on Rye was massive, easily splittable. 
While the meat had an amazing flavor, it was a bit dry that evening. 
Be forewarned, you're about to drop $20 on this sandwich but like I mentioned before, the portions are monstrous.
The only thing I disliked were the pickles that came with the order.
Don't get me wrong, I enjoy pickles & relishes of all shapes, sizes and tastes, but whatever brine these puppies were basking in was pretty foul. 
Passed them around for the friends to try and the opinion was the same:
No thanks.
Tried a bite of some matzo ball soup, quite good.
Big fat ball swimming in tasty broth.
The turkey and cheese sandwich was also not too bad. 
A decent place to grind when you're in The Mirage.
Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #141 - #365

It was my last day at the Mirage and I wanted to finish it with a BANG! So why not eat at one of the Mirage's restaurants, I decided on dining in Carnegie Deli right by the Race and Sports Book and CPK. It feels like you're dining in a New York deli and designed as an authentic deli restaurant with Vegas strip pricing. 

I ordered the Roast Beef Sandwich and that was humungous. I shared half of it with my friend and she couldn't finish it! Originally I was thinking of ordering the corn beef sandwich but it was just too massive to finish and a total diet killer! 

Service was over the top and and didn't disappoint. In fact our server was checking in on us even though he was slammed with customers and that is a multi tasking skill that every server should have. Food was delicious and couldn't fault on anything. It nice trying out Carnegie Deli but I'll just stick to BLT Burger just right around the corner.
Food and environment was great. Good service and decent pricing. I would recommend eating here !
Love the $25- corned beef sandwich. .The turkey taste worse than the Walmart deli. 5 star's on the corn beef...2 on the turkey. I've been here 4 times..3 cb's. 1 and done on the $18- turkey sandwich!
HOLY HUGE PORTIONS! 
One sandwich can easily feed a kindergarten class... or 2 drunk adults! :) 

High quality ingredients in a place that makes you feel like you are in the hustle and bustle of an old school NYC deli.
The one thing that stands out about Carnegie is the humongous, ungodly portions. Seriously, check out the photos others have posted here on Yelp. Everything is really at least two portions, sometimes three or four. If you're wise, when you're with another person, you'll order a single dish. You two can split it and probably still have leftovers (if you're in a room with a fridge). The prices are high, but when you realize that each dish is at least two full meals, it seems reasonable.

I had the tongue omelet. It was monstrous. Two omelets in one. Could not finish it even though it was delish. My gf had the BLT. This was probably four sandwiches in one. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if it contained an entire pound of bacon. She didn't even come close to finishing it although she liked it.

Our server was super friendly while also moving nonstop and multitasking her a-- off. A man who looked a little like Humphrey Bogart was also speeding around. They contributed to the authentic NYC deli atmosphere, which was broken only by the blinking, chirping gambling devices just beyond the railing.
Over-the-top portions. The Woody Allen is a little much, but good to split between two. I prefer the breakfast. There's enough to hold you over until dinner.  Not cheap, but hey, it's Vegas. There isn't much seating. Get there early to avoid the painfully long wait.
I loved my huge roast beef/turkey sandwich. We split 3 ways and had leftovers. Would definitely visit again.
Ate here late night.  Ordered Steak & eggs.  Liked that I could substitute the potatoes for sliced tomatoes.  Decent eats. Nothing spectacular. Staff is friendly. If your at the Mirage looking for something to eat it's something.
Desserts at the Carnegie Deli are absolutely to die for!! We stay at the Mirage and pickup a slice of Pie or Cake to share while winding down in the room each night/morning. They have a take-out service on the side of the deli that showcases the desserts. The worst thing about this convenience? Picking which one to take with you.

The price seems a little high - $9 to $10 a piece, but the height of the pie or cake and the size of the slice make it we'll worth the price. Like the sandwiches, the deli prides themselves on the huge portion size.
$70. bucks for two sandwiches and iced tea with tip!  Hurts, but the food is so amazing and things just have to cost more in Las Vegas.

Expensive or not, I promise I will be back.
great service and the food, the portions are unbelievable

shared with my wife and still left over plenty

late night dinner at 1AM in the casino, dirty stay outs I guess but was great
Huge delicious sandwiches served 24/7. 

We were on the go between seeing the tigers and checking out Hershey's world and we picked this spot on the fly. 

My sweetheart and I shared a giant melt in your mouth hot pastrami sandwich. It was just soft rye bread, the best pastrami ever and that's it. There was nothing else on the sandwich and there didn't need to be. We declared it the best hot pastrami sandwich ever. 

Note- the sandwiches are not for just one person. They are food network extreme eating challenge sized. We were way more hungry than usual and barely conquered the ginormous delicacy. Also this place is pretty expensive. We spent around $50 on a sandwich some fries, coleslaw and two drinks.
I ate here just because of the convenience factor, but the food was way overpriced and very dry. Also, the bus boy spilt scalding hot coffee over my hand and the table and didn't say anything. He came back with a few napkins and placed them on the table and didn't clean it up. Manager wasn't much help and didn't really do anything. If I was the manager, I would of made the meal complimentary and apologized profusely. 

Luckily the waiter was a decent guy so I still gave a decent tip. I wouldn't recommend this place to any friends and the customer service needs some work.
Pros = Above average deli food, pet friendly, fills the need for Jewish food in this part of the Valley
Cons = Overpriced, too-hot coffee, slow service at times

Somewhat strangely, Kashman's has 2 locations off Scottsdale road within about 2 miles of each other.  This would make sense if the food was stellar and the prices were reasonable, but considering neither of those points are true this fact will remain a mystery...
A fantastic breakfast/deli joint located in a strip mall (isn't everything here though?). Great selection of hot and cold sandwiches, scrambles, salads, and real bagels. My personal favorite: the Trifecta Salad Sampler, with a scoop of tuna salad, to die for egg salad, and chicken salad on a bed of romaine, with freshly sliced cucumber, avocado and tomato. Get in line, order, grab a table and enjoy the hustle and bustle atmosphere.
While food is decent - it is overpriced. The biggest quirk is paying $ 8.50 for banana pancakes.

Service is inconsistent at best, bordering rude and snotty at times. Staff does not even make an effort to remember your name, as they are too busy.

I give them credit for creating a terrific bagel. One of my favourite items on the menu for lunch is the Sonoran chicken sandwich - htat is a must have.

When I first moved to the area, I went there several times a week, and now have limited mny visit to an oocasional one simply because the service is nothng special yet I would expect a little friendlier staff from a deli that charges premium prices.
Kashman's is North Scottsdale's best-kept open secret, something that many people living in the depths of Central Phoenix have never heard of and would never deign schlepping to for breakfast.  We became intimately familiar with it when we lived for nearly a year up in a  Grayhawk apartment, waiting for our condo renovation to be completed.  I love the egg dishes (try the Chicago omelet), the salads (Trifecta rocks), pastries made in-store (the black-and-whites are good, and the fat-free blueberry muffins are better than the regular ones--all are usually refrigerated, though, so you may want to ask for your muffin to be heated before serving) and the bagels have the perfect bite and chewiness (contrast with the bagel-shaped bread that Einstein's churns out).  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have found the owner's family to be quite friendly and quick to recognize regulars.

Seating is sketchy during peak hours, although, for a relatively small strip-center establishment, there are a decent number of tables in and outside.  As a first-timer, remember to ask the wait staff at the door to give you a number corresponding with an open table.  You will need this when placing your order at the counter.  It can be difficult to peruse the large menu, so it may help to grab a paper copy before queuing up.
Cute little place to go for breakfast on the weekend.  Food was good but I felt it to be a little over priced for a place that does not serve you.  

In my opinion, I found Kashman's to be very overpriced for breakfast, and I found it to be the same quality as The Good Egg but way to over priced.
kashman's tuna melt the best EVER. Have it on a cinnamon raisin bagel, I know it sounds nasty but it's delicious! Kashma's service is great and well worth the trip. Just remember they close by 3pm on the weekends and perhaps during the week as well.
I had high hopes for this place. It's only two strip malls away from my parents' hood (since I'm a visitor and didn't keep track of actual distances, and there are strip malls galore in this area, that's how I keep tabs on locations), and it's a Jewish-sounding deli! Sign me up...

Three of us went for lunch and got sandwiches. My cousin, a 19-year-old macho man terrorizing much of the Phoenix female population currently, got the chicken salad sandwich. He liked it a lot. It was piled high with mayonnaisy (how in the heck should I spell that, sorry) looking chopped chicken. My boyfriend got the roast beef sandwich with cheese and roasted red peppers. He thought it was pretty good, but picked off the red peppers. I tried one, and could see why they wouldn't really fit with the rest -- really pungent tasting, would totally overwhelm and stand out from the other flavors. I got the half sandwich/half salad combo with the thanksgiving turkey sandwich (cranberry spread, yum) on whole wheat, house salad. Eh, just ok. Nothing special. 

This rates ok since it's convenient and serviceable, but really it's not the good Jewish deli I was hoping for, and the prices are pretty high for just a sandwich. I'd rather pick up fixings and make my own at this cost, which is what I did the next day.
Just realized that I wrote a review for the Kashman's location at the Summit, but not for this (Pinnacle Peak) location yet... and this is the one I frequent!

I am a regular customer at Kashman's and although I feel like it's kind of expensive, I love their food, so it's worth it to me!  Today I had the chopped farmers salad (no cheese + turkey).  I love that it is full with veggies and the light balsamic dressing they use goes perfectly with it!  

Other menu items that I order consistently are the omelettes (they do egg whites no problem), oatmeal, trifecta plate, turkey sandwich, and tuna melt.  The bagels are the best I've had in Arizona, and my friend DeDe swears by their matzah ball soup!

I witnessed an interesting scenario when I was there today... a guy had bought lunch for his wife and came up to the register when I was paying and said: "Excuse me... my wife changed her mind and does not like her cookie and she wants to exchange it for a blueberry muffin."  

Nancy, the owner, looked at him and apologetically said "I'm sorry, sir - that is the cookie she chose and I cannot serve that cookie to anyone else now.  You can buy a blueberry muffin if you'd like."

This made me think two things: 1 - I'm glad they will not reserve food like that but 2 - perhaps they should have asked if the cookie was bad, etc... and maybe even done so much as to give them a muffin to make them happy?

Anyways, that's my story for the day, but I have been and will continue to be a loyal Kashman's customer!
Kashman's has great food but you really have to gear yourself up for the rude owner (artichoke lady) and some of the mean, crotchety ladies that work behind the counter. 
This is not a good place to place your order by phone. They're always nasty and short with you on the phone and then when you pick your order up, they get all bent out of shape because you have no place to stand and wait for your order. 
The guys and gals that bus are usually super efficient and very friendly and the food is above average. If you're looking for good food and a verbal lashing from the staff that work there, then Kashman's is your place to eat!!
Breakfast for lunch and lunch for late breakfast....my kinda place!! From salads, sandwiches to bagels....I love it on weekends to sit outside when I have time to lounge. I love that I can bring Max to sit outside with me!
Casual, clean and yummy!
I really am a fan of Kashman's Place, unfortunately I don't live in the neighborhood anymore or I'd probably make it a daily stop.  I swear that they have some of the best bagels that I've had in the valley- their jalapeno bagel hits the spot! So does their bagel sandwich for a quick on the run meal. I was also a big fan of and can recommend the Thanksgiving Cranberry Turkey and Sonoran Chicken sandwiches. Everything that I've had at either location was top-notch... if only they had a CenPho location.
Once you figure out how this place works, it is a great place for a casual and tasty breakfast.  When you arrive, it is important to get a number for an open table before you order.  Also, the menu is fairly long, so it is best to get a paper copy and figure out what you want before getting in line.  I say this because even though the line may appear long, it moves FAST.  Yes, these people at Kashman's are quick and efficient, so you don't want to reach the counter undecided!  So far I have tried various omlettes (with bagel & fruit as the side items) and a breakfast bagelwich.  All have been great and arrive at the table quickly.  An added plus is the fresh-squeezed orange juice.  The seating inside can be tight, especially if there are peole waiting in line to order, but there is ample seating outside, most of which is either in the shade or under umbrellas.  One thing I really enjoy is that it is a dog-friendly place - they have bowls of ice water and bags of biscuits outside for our furry friends to enjoy.
After being on our list for awhile, we finally made it out to Kashman's this week for breakfast (on a week day).  I was a little surprised when we got there, as I expected a sitdown restaurant, but instead it's an order at the counter and the food is brought out kind of place.  There was a TON of seating outside, and I remarked to my wife that Kashman's is probably the place to go on the weekend's once the temps cool down...

We each ordered a coffee and the wife ordered a egg/cheddar bagelwich on an everything bagel, while I ordered the stuffed challah french toast.  There were several choices of Seattle's Best coffee at the self serve condiment bar, and I think three different types of milk.  Coffee was good.  After a few minutes the food was served to us.  My french toast (stuffed w/ cream cheese and fried) was delicious.  It was one of the dishes where I have to tell my wife that if she wants a bite she better hurry up and get it while there is some to be had.  I finished the whole thing, no problem and wish the serving size had been a touch bigger.  The only downside of the plate was the fruit that came with it.  There was much honeydew and cantaloupe (both of which I dislike) and precious few slices of delicious strawberry.  I also had some of my wife's sandwich after she was done, and thought it was good, bagel was nice and warm still.  

Kashman's get a solid four stars, and I'd probably go more often if it was a little more convenient for me, though I have a couple of relatives who I would consider making the drive out here for.
Was visiting Scottsdale this weekend and wanted a local place for breakfast.  The food was pretty good but the service kind of sucked.  The woman taking the order in the restaurant came off as rude and not friendly at all.  If you can deal with that then no big deal.  Pretty good food for a reasonable price.
I love breakfast, and this place has decent food......BUT it is just very VERY normal food. Nothing unique or special and It is WAY overpriced. 

The wait times are also ridiculous. I don't like to wait 40 minutes for some average waffles.

Don't believe the hype.
I love going to breakfast on weekends. I actually live for it and I've been going to Kashman's for about 4 years now. (Wow, has it really been that long!) After reading some of the reviews, yes - it is a little expensive for breakfast and yes- the food is normal breakfast food, but I love that it is a small little breakfast, brunch, lunch joint. I mostly love it because it is one of the few places that I know that welcomes pets! I feel so guilty some mornings getting up and leaving my little pooch that it is nice to have a place I can take him. Of course there is outdoor seating and it is a great way to start out your day. We usually see a lot of people come in after their morning hike. Some meals are big enough to share as well...although I don't.  :-)
Kashman's is the go-to deli of choice for my family.  My parents own a home between the two locations and when they are in town, we are frequent visitors to both.  I enjoy both breakfast and lunch at Kashman's.  I've never had a bad meal... omelets, oatmeal, bagels, sandwiches, salads, etc... it's all delicious!

When I'm in need of a pick-me-up, I head to Kashman's.  Their chicken noodle soup combined with a power bagel and cream cheese does the job.  There is something about the combination of carbs, fluid, protein, and dairy; it's better than what my grandmother used to make me!  But don't take my word for it; go check it out yourself!
I don't understand something about this place - and that is how unfriendly and unpersonable the owners and cashier staff are. The staff are either miserable, not well treated, underpaid or all of the above.

Stone faced is how I would describe the people who take your order. They'll take your money but that's about it - If you expect a smile, you may want to place a token in their mouth and see what happens.

The truth of the matter is: I would rather drive 20 minutes to go to another deli, deal with friendly and courteous staff, feel appreciated then go to the most convenient deli, pay outrageous prices and be taken for granted.

In my book and especially in this recessionary period, it is the little details that win my business and the verdict for Kashman's is just about the most unfriendly, most unwelcoming breakfast joint I have yet to come across. I don't understand how they stay in business !
Pinnacle Peak location now closed, just fyi!
this kashman's is closed - as of Sunday June 20, 2010

Their summit location is still OPEN - however, this is a little farewell to the Pinnacle Peak location.

What used to be my favourite deli turned into a nasty neighbor. It's nothing personal, but really - they did everything to drive my business away, so when I say their doors closed, I was actually relieved because they left a sour taste in my mouth. While their food was decent, it was overpriced and I never got over just how cold and unwelcoming they were to not just me but everybody.

I will not even bother to drive further north to visit their other location because really the farther away they are, the happier I am!
Best breakfast in Scottsdale!  Bring your puppy
This review is specifically for this location and NOT ALL Einstein's.  This particular store has the most piss-poor service and product!

Here are a couple examples:
Last week I ordered a salad to-go.  They made it "fresh", put it in a bag and I took it back to work.  Upon arriving back at work I realized they didn't include the bread that comes with it.  :(  When I started eating the salad it was a fresh layer of lettuce on top of a slimy-brown layer underneath.  Barf!

This morning I had to wait 20 minutes to get a toasted bagel and cream cheese to-go!!  There was this guy next to me that was fuming!  I guess he was waiting for an order that he had faxed in the night before and they still hadn't filled.

This place needs to have more people on staff and train them better.  Really, making bagels couldn't be that hard!

If you are in the area, go to the Einstein's on Thunderbird + 40th St., the manager there is wonderful!
Einstein Bros., I want to love you...I really do...you are making it soooo damn hard.

I have to interject here that, like the review before me, this applies to one location only (mostly).

You're convenient, really close to home and the coffee is really good. The bagels are good..they really are. So why do you have to cheap out on the amount of  ingredients in the sandwiches? Are you not making enough profit??? Come on, now...

I kinda stopped coming here a while ago because at $5.49 for a Nova Lox and Bagel I kind of want to at least have the bagel moistened with cream cheese  and have a couple more chips of lox on there with the 3 or 4 capers that garnish it. Ok, I might be over exaggerating a bit, but really, they go rather thin at this location. So I stopped coming here and would go to Desert Ridge to get my occasional fix.

Fast forward to present. Got a bunch of coupons in the newspaper and decided to give it a second chance, so have come here 3 times in the past week. Here are my experiences (note that experience #1 is going to be corporate, across the board and has nothing to do with quantity and everything to do with design and marketing):

1. Came in with coupon for new bagel poppers and coffee to enjoy on business road trip to Sedona. Poppers are featured in a cup with a lid leading one to believe they are an easy to eat finger food. DON"T BE FOOLED! The cream cheese poppers have a coating on them so slick that when you grab one between two fingers in explodes from your hand and projectiles into your windshield where it sticks and slowly slides off. Ok, not really, but seriously, I couldn't get them out of the cup, they kept slipping out of my fingers. I bought their self named car cup to only find out that it didn't fit in my cup holder and the first gentle turn I made out of the mall had the cup in my lap and me dancing in a seat of hot coffee. Add to that the aggravation that the guy taking the order wasn't sure how to ring it up because I got the car cup and....

#2  This actually went ok. Second coupon and things went smoothly, coffee good, bagel fresh and while cream cheese was a little thinner than what I like was adequate.

#3  Now today....ohhhh, today. I was ravenous...ate too lightly for dinner last night and didn't make it out of the house for breakfast until almost 10am. So, today's coupon is buy one bagel, get one free. Never thought about how much that schmear of cream cheese was until I had to actually look at the menu...$1.50, ok, times two bagels, 3 bucks, well, ok. Asked to have my two bagels toasted with cream cheese. First they come to me and inform me that they were out of one of my bagels. Ok. Then, when my order is called up the guy doing so makes fun of my name (my nickname is 'Cia, most think it very pretty, but it kind of loses its charm when the guy behind the counter yells out "Cia! [snicker] C-I-A!). Went to pick up the bagels and the cream cheese was scraped on sooo thin it was almost none existent. Complained...got a dirty look from the guy that spelled my name and the guy that took my order "informed" me that if I wanted it thicker I needed to ask for "heavy" when I placed my order...yeah, dude, uhhhm, I just wanted to actually be able to SEE the cream cheese on the bagel before I ate it. And the punchline? Get back to my table and it turns out one of the bagels wasn't even toasted.

Einstein's...is it so hard to get it right? One out of three experiences in a week's time acceptable is, well, kind of unacceptable.
Hrmmm im honestly surprised at the lack of 5 star reviews for this location. 
I have been stopping in here for 5 or so years and have never had one bad experience. 

I stopped in on Wednesday, got a bagel with schmear and a large hot chia tea latte. 

My complaints are that the drinks come WAY SUPER HOT and the bagels always come with so much cream cheese that I have to scrap some off. Seriously, and those aren't bad complaints, im just picky. 

The service is always outstanding and fast! I never have to wait more then 3 minutes to get my hot drink and bagel in my hand. 
Keep up the good work!
The coffee at this location is awful- please go get lessons from the lady at the Thunderbird and 40th street location.

However, the primary morning guy, Shawn, is awesome. He is friendly and chipper, but not so much so that he's annoying as your first human contact of the day. He is generous with the toppings and speedy.
Please for the love of God, don't microwave eggs.

If not for that, this review would be a 3 or 3.5 stars, but seriously, eggs don't like microwavization. Just ruined the whole panini egg sandwich for me.

The coffee was pretty good. They had a selection of 4 going from light to dark which is nice. Lots of places have you choosing between a full city and a french which is frustrating.

Service was very friendly, but a tad slow for the number of people that were working there. I think they were focused on a lot of large pickup orders, but when you sell bagels by the barrel, you should expect that.

Saw some people picking up said bagel barrels, they mentioned how their office would cheer upon their arrival and heap laurels and praise on their shoulders. They boasted that their upcoming performance review was assuredly positive with such accolades. I smiled at them and wished them the best in their fantasy worlds. 

Scottsdale methinks is full of fantasy in this desert oasis.
This location is a mixed bag.  The people are super super nice working there and Shawn behind the counter is very nice and a great asset to the store as he has a great attitude and big smile for everyone.  Jessie the manager is very nice as well.  However..... I seem to have some problems when I go there.  Not sure if it is me or a dark cloud over my head or my luck of the draw but I have had a number of times where I have had the wrong order when I get to my store.  Being that I own a business and I am there ALOT of the time by myself, it is not convenient for me to run back and fix the bagel.  The other complaint that I have is that (like a few above) I swear they are the cheapest Einsteins with their cream cheese.  For the love of God, PUHLEEZ put some cream cheese on the bagel where it is actually not just a thin veneer that soaks into the bagel so that by the time I get to my business, I have just a kinda wet looking bagel.  True, I get the bagel thins.. maybe they think I WANT a little amount of cream cheese or maybe they think I NEED a little bit of cream cheese?  Or is it that that is the way that those bagels get served?  it has happened sooo many times that I almost have given up hope that I will get enough on there.  Then I feel like a pig asking for more.  .. I just want a "normal" amount.

The one positive is that, even tho I literally go there every day, they never embarrass me like.. "hey, you again?".. and their bagels are good and they ALWAYS have the everything bagel which is the only one I get.  I guess I am a creature of habit.. lol.. 

I will still continue to go there as it is convenient but these are just a few things that if they changed them, they would be a great bagel shop.. :)
We are regulars at this location.  I love the staff (Michelle is incredible) as is just about everyone else. Yes, they microwave eggs, but they microwave real eggs (not the nasty egg food stuff) and everything there is always so fresh. As a bonus, they are very sweet to children and dogs.
Love Einsteins and the food here is perfectly fine as is the staff.  I discovered that this Einsteins is considerably closer to the one that I had regularly been going to so figured i stop by.

Staff was friendly which is good not necessarily as outgoing as the Einsteins I normally go to, I get this may not be important to everyone, but at 7am on my way to work a little laughter and banter is a nice pick me up.

I also get the sense they are understaffed.  The spot is not too large but the wait times have been longer then a couple Einsteins I have been to.

I absolutely would stop in again and their bagels are great.
Stopped there on my way to work.  The bagel I got tasted like dirty mildewed water.  I don't know if this was due to what was cooked in the toaster before or bad butter or what but it was truly inedible.  The only reason they don't get one star for this experience is that it is the absolute first time I have had an issue at Einstein's.
Been to several of these on other trips and they are always good.  Bagels were the same good quality but none of our three bagels were warm.  I got the egg sandwich and the cheese didn't even melt.  We will try it again on this trip and I'll update if there is any difference the next time.
Bagel sandwiches are just A-Ok - they are actually pretty bland.  I had the black forest ham, egg & cheese breakfast sandwich on a wheat bagel and I tasted nothing.  The bagels with schmear, though, on the other hand are pretty good.  They have the new pretzel bagel that my son ate - it was really good, but I did have to scrape off some of the salt that was overloaded on it.  Go here for the bagels and schmear, go elsewhere for the sandwiches.
It is frezzing inside and the service is terrible,gave away our order to someone else and then said it would be another 15 min and when we said no they only gave us a partial refund and made us pay for the coffee even thoug we were leaving .they need a lesson in the customer is right
Decent bagels when you are hungers.
My dislike of Einstein Bros Bagels is pretty obvious.  Just look at some of my reviews of other locations.  I only ate here because it was 7:30am, I was hungry, a bagel sounded good, and I had some time kill before an appointment just across the street.

Like any Einstein, the bagels are acceptable.  Nothing amazing.  Just good enough that I am willing to part ways with $3 for bagel and cream cheese without being angry.  That being said, it really felt like this location skimping on the cream cheese.  I'm also not a fan of the set up.  Not only do I hate waiting in line to order, then waiting in line to pay, then waiting for my food, but this location's toasters are in the middle of those lines.  When they call your name, you have to walk back to the middle where people are waiting to grab you bagel.  Couldn't someone take 3 seconds to talk toward the group of people waiting?

This location does have something going for it that I do appreciate; Friday Challah!  Great call by whomever was smart enough to realize that they're in a very jewish part of town.  I have no idea if it's any good.  I doubt I'm going to drive over to Einstein just to get Challah, but I appreciate that
Great bagels, yummy coffee. The people are awesome. I come for breakfast at least once a week!
So as someone who has spent a lot of time at canter's I was dying for some pastrami when I saw this place.  Given that it's in a casino I decided that heresy was appropriate so I ordered the blasphemous Ruben ( never serve an animal with it's mother's milk, and come on russian dressing, the pastrami should hold up on it's own).  

The sandwich was good, but believe me, this was not the canters I love on fairfax.  The pastrami was second rate to the original and definitely benefited from the swiss and dressing.  The menu's pretty limited, but the potato salad was great and the prices were about the same (albeit for less meat).  

Overall it was a goodmeal, but it doesn't have that great tired look of canters and it's missing some key features like the king of all deli cookies, the black and white
Doc...you mean to tell me you made a time machine out of a delorean? I grew up on Canter's in LA. Ok wait not really....then I would have had the 15 cent sammiches. No I had the 8-12 dollar sandwiches....Yea so I'm not that old. BUT STILL. TI made this place a neo retro future version of Canter's with old pictures of the LA Canter's like it burned down. Yes instead of walking into the smells of fresh bread and pastries....walk in to the sounds of people chittering over scripts and synagogues. You brush through the smells of smoke and air conditioning with the sounds of slot machines and drunkeness....to NEO SPACIAN CANTER'S
Sure the menu is slightly the same.....I do happen to remember a plethora of items on the menu at Canter's LA. 

"But Jefe....do you even know what a plethora is?"

Yea I did miss my Pastrami with COLESLAW IN THE SANDWICH! or my Corned beef. WITH COLESLAW IN THE SANDWICH! The pickles were alright. They didn't seem pickled enough. I asked the people there and they said it's all the same stuff from LA. They did have these chocolate pastry things. I forget what they're called. Some Jewish something of somesort.

The matzo ball soup. Still better than the deli at Caesar's. Yea so it's cute, they give you a plastic pickle number so Canter's people bring you your food. Wait doesn't carl's jr do that? Yea I just don't think that's cool. Bring me a waiter or waitress that has stories from the golden age of Hollywood and LA. Overall. The romance and beauty of Canter's LA isn't there. It's been replaced by a spaceship replica of Lost in Space. Food Selection I expect more.....I do like to come here to get if not a small taste of home....So I'm on the fence. 3.5 stars and I'll round up....
Las Vegas has attracted several famous delicatessens.  There are now branches of Stage Deli, Carnegie Deli and Canter's Deli.  Canter's is a branch of a famous Los Angeles deli; the other two are based in New York.  Sorry, New York, but LA's representative wins.  This isn't because Canter's is stellar, but because the other two are pretty bad.

In several meals, the standout was a warm pastrami sandwich.  The meat was warm, reasonably juicy and flavorful; the rye bread was thick cut, dense, with a chewy crust.  Other meals weren't as good.  Chopped liver was fair, with not a whole lot of flavor.  The same was true of cheese blintzes.  All servings were very large; I once would have said huge, but I now reserve that term for Carnegie Deli's obscenely sized sandwiches.
Food: Cheap hotel food. I tried the chicken strips (you get a lot!) and my dad tried a hot dog and fries. Food was okay but it filled our stomachs for a late lunch. Next time I want to try that stacked sandwich that I kept seeing ads for in our hotel room books!

Price: Pretty cheap, mostly under $10 

Location: Located in Treasure Island near the slots.

Atmosphere: Took the food up to the room but there are eating areas that looked fine.

Service: Had to wait about 10 minutes for our food but other than that it was fine.
Nestled inside the Treasure Island (TI) Hotel and Casino, this reproduction of the 24 hour joint on Fairfax in LA is a site for sore eyes, especially for those of us who haven't been to LA in ages.  Unfortunately this version isn't open 24 hours, but the pastrami and fries were excellent.
Located inside Treasure Island, the pastrami was outstanding!  Piled high on good rye bread. Several kinds of mustards to try on the table.  Well worth your time. And parking is easier than the LA location.
For some reason I thought they had the best matzo ball soup I've had in Vegas...not saying a lot but still.  I'd pay $4 for the soup any day of the week.  The sandwiches are of reasonable size and finishable (unlike Carnegie).  I just opted for the turkey (lame I know) and the wife got the pastrami.  We also ordered the kanish which was ok but Carnegie's is much better imo.
A good option if you don't want a fancy dinner and can't eat enough to justify a buffet.  I had the reuben which was very good, not excellent though.  The service was fine, a little slow but maybe it just seemed that way because everything else in Vegas is so fast.  I'll probably eat here again.
While staying at the Treasure Island one weekend, we had intense cravings FOR ANY KIND OF FOOD after a night of club hopping.  Before heading up to our hotel room, we spotted Canter's downstairs near the slots.  Considering I had never tried Canter's, I figured... why not!

I ordered the Chicken Noodle Matzo Ball soup and boy was I hooked!  The noodles weren't soggy, the Matzo Balls were tasty, and the chicken was not dry but moist.  I was immediately hooked!

The next night, instead of going out to a nice restaurant for dinner, I craved Canter's again.  But this time, I wanted to try one of their sandwiches.  So I ordered the pastrami sandwich and again, was impressed!  It wasn't greasy at all, and it was so big, I only finished half of the sandwich (and I was hungry, too).

I think I tried a few more things at this location but can't recall what it was that I had exactly.  Sorry.  :)

I tried the one in Los Angeles (Fairfax) but it's not really the same.  I enjoyed my experiences at the Canter's in Las Vegas.

There is an eating area, and the wait wasn't too long.  The food is moderately priced as well.

It gets 4 stars out of 5 because it's not open 24 hours.  :)  That would've been great!
$10+ sandwiches are normally not a business strategy especially in a slumping economy but in Vegas you can get away with a lot of stuff. The sandwiches are normal sized, the corned beef was very tasty and freshly cut. They put the coleslaw in the sandwich itself which is kind of special and there's a side of potato salad thats is mixed with coleslaw which is also kind of special. Just glad they didn't mix coleslaw into the soda also.   

Bottom line, a little pricey but good sandwiches. Perfect alternative if you don't want  to be a glutton and pig out at a buffet which I tend to do.
We stopped there with a craving for deli...and were very satisfied. We are Vegas locals, and normally don't eat this type of food in a casino (overpriced), but liked enough to make trips just to eat there! I come from a Jewish family, and the Matzoh ball soup was very good, authentic, and the noodles make it extra filling. Both of our sandwiches were excellent, my boyfriend got a roast beef and they had this unique and delicious hot mustard he smothered on it (I don't like mustard, but he raved and searched stores for it). I got egg salad, which I am REALLY picky about, and it was some of the best I've ever had. Seasoned perfectly, chunks of egg white, not too creamy, but definitely still creamy. My favorite soda of all-time is Diet Dr. Brown's Black Cherry...and they have it, in bottles nontheless which I have never even seen. It was great, definitely worth the slightly higher strip prices in this case! Also, portions were pretty big!
The poster of Canter's Deli in a TI elevator made me salivate. 

Minutes later.... 

The corned beef pastrami sandwich sitting in front of me looked bland and boring. 

Seconds later.. 

Thoughts of regret filled my head as I began to consume this monotonous sammich. 

Never again.. 

So I'm basically out $12 bucks for dry deli meat, weakass cheese, dry and over-seeded rye bread.. 

Luckily I'm up $50 from the tables..

P.S. GF said the cheesburger was orgasmik.  Then I thought..  But how could you F%%# up a cheesburger?
Love their sandwiches!!  Just as tasty as Carnagie, Stage etc, but much more resonalbe in price and size.  The other two are fricken ridiculous!!!!
Hmmm...had a very highly priced turkey sandwich that should have cost something like $7-8 but ended up being around $13.  Quite the ripoff considering that it only had about an inch of roast turkey, rye bread, lettuce and some fries.  I think the corned beef or pastrami would have been a better choice so maybe I'll try it the next time I'm over there.
The food is good, and the service is decent. And the food comes out fast. This is perfect for that little snack in between gambling...
We came here at about 11:45pm craving cookies. This was the third stop on our mission. 

Well, the woman at the counter must have seen the longing in our eyes, the heartbreak when she said there were no more chocolate chip, the excitement when she said they still had black and white, the crushing disappointment when she was wrong--they didn't have anymore black and white and the last glimmer of hope in our eyes when she said they had pecan cookies left-----She gave us two blondies for free in addition to our 2 cookies. 2 cookies, 2 blondies for $4.32. 

Well...Our major craving was for cookies and the Pecan Cookies let us down. They were dry. Not too much flavor. You've gotta know they are practically tasteless when a raisin hater is excited to discover raisins in her cookies. The blondies on the other hand were chewy (a plus) and had much more flavor. They tasted like they were a day old. But better than the cookies. 

I gave a third star just because the cashier was so nice and gave us free stuff.
this is the las vegas cousin of the original los angeles deli at fairfax.  located in the treasure island hotel - decent sauerkraut, crisp toasted rye bread, slightly salty and greasy, sitting atop delicious slices of pastrami.  good mustard selection.  yum.  beer was a tad expensive - but the food was a perfect antidote to another potential middle-of-the road/"gourmet" dining experience in vegas.
It's odd that I ate here for the first time in a while instead of the one in LA. Because I only live 40 miles from LA. And instead here I am in Vegas wolfing down a sammich from Canters. Weird.

But, once all was said and done the night I got into town, I wanted something to eat, but quick and hearty. Stopped by Canter's and got my fill. Had a pastrami sammich, a brew, and relaxed after a travel day. Food came out relatively quickly and the meat was piled high. Add the few types of mustard they have on the tables to the mix and I was definitely enjoying myself. 

Thought it was a little overpriced, but hey, it was on the company's dime. All in all a good experience and good place for a snack or lunch.
Almost exactly the same as Canter's in New York.  A bit pricey, but also huge and very tasty sandwiches.  I always have a hard time choosing between the Pastrami and the Reuben.  We got a Reuben here and a potato knish (Karen had never had a knish, and their is delicious).  My brother-in-law got the pastrami, and he liked it so much he did not want to trade a quarter sandwich to try the Reuben!!!  Hahahahaha!

I told him both were good, but this was only the second day since we met (the first day he eloped with my sister in Vegas, hahahaha) so maybe he did not trust me yet.  Oh well.

They have beer here as well, and slot machines out front.  They have cool modern diner tables and I need to post my picture of us there cuz it was cool.  Some may complain about $15 for a sandwich and a beer, but on the strip, it is a pretty good price for a dent meal, and especially a sandwich big enough for two.  I would go back in a heartbeat, just like I would  go back to the original in LA.
I absolutely love this place for the corned beef sandwiches. I think the one I order is called Zachery's Brooklyn. I add cheese and get it on white bread. Yes yes...I know, you hardcore deli people, that you're supposed to get it on rye, but I'm just not that kind of gal. Anyways... 

One Las Vegas trip with the parents, I was waiting for them to come back to room from gambling for dinner. They never showed up so eventually I made my way downstairs searching for a restaurant and found myself in front of Canter's. Whenever I am famish, I can't settle for something new. I have to get something I know I like. Since I already have been to the one in Los Angeles, I was ecstatic they had one at my hotel. Then I noticed the menu was a lot smaller than the original location. I have only had the French dip. OH NO!!! After 10 minutes of reading the menu (more like staring at the menu), I decided to take a chance and eat something new in my state of hunger. 

This is how my relationship with the Canter's corned beef sandwich began. When I got my order, I couldn't believe how good it was. My favorite part was the coleslaw in the sandwich-so sweet, so delicious. A few minutes later, I found myself finished. I couldn't believe I ate the whole thing by myself. IT WAS HUGE!!! 

I eventually came back to this Canter's and found myself ordering another one. Supposedly food taste better when you're starving, but this sandwich is just as good as when you're just moderately hungry. 

I would of gave it 5 stars, but I'll save it until they add more items from the the original location to the menu. I love the bakery in the one in Los Angeles. I can't get enough of their chocolate cheesecake. 

As for now, I would recommend Canter's to anyone looking for a quick place to get a sandwich. You order your food at the cashier, pay for it and then wait at your table. It will not disappoint. 

Random side note: Don't forget to ask for a side of Thousand Island Dressing. It totally adds to a corned beef sandwich. Also, the Lox and Bagel is good too. HUGE SERVING!!! Also, yummy cream cheese.
my must go to stop every time i go to vegas.i always get the pastrami sandwich sliced extra thin.the pastrami is nicely steamed,and when sliced thin,just melts in your mouth.sosoo goood.
Oh man, this stuff hit the spot for an early lunch after a night of no dinner and several hours of gambling.  Really, really hit the spot.  In a magazine in the hotel room, I saw a photo of their corned beef sandwich and had to have it.  So we hiked over to Treasure Island, and it was well worth the trip.

You can get a few of the sandwiches in a special with fries and a soda, or straight up for about $10.  They come with a crisp (but not tangy enough) pickle and a little cup of cole slaw (too sweet and bland).  I got the regular corned beef sandwich, and it was awesome.  Perfect, really.  They have three different types of mustard on the table--yellow, sweet/hot, and deli.  I got an order of onion rings also, and they were great too:  A-.  Big, thick-cut rings in a crispy, flaky batter.  I wanted to try the "famous" bean and barley soup, but that would have been pushing my luck.  I snagged a few fries from my friend, and those get a solid B+.

My friends all liked their various sandwiches too.  I tried to get a chocolate custard afterwards, but they were out (sad face).  I would have had a hot fudge sundae, but they were out of nuts too.  I can't eat just plain vanilla yogurt!  Bummer.

One other note--the counter person Raven was very cheerful, during a Saturday lunch rush in a job in which one usually finds surliness or indifference.  She was upbeat and pleasant, which seems like a small thing but can go a long way.
Non-Angelenos may not appreciate the re-creation of Canter's Deli inside Treasure Island.  Even though no effort is made to disguise the casino floor or the noise from the nearby Sirens show, this modernized little transplant somehow captures the essence of the original on Fairfax in L.A.  Without the great memories to go with it, the surroundings may seem a little drab, but the food cannot be faulted.  The 1/2 sandwich and soup for $9.95 is an incredible deal for any restaurant in Las Vegas, much less one in a destination hotel.  I was shocked that the bowl of soup included in the deal was a full matzo ball with plenty of chicken.  I couldn't resist ordering potato pancakes too (perfectly cooked & flavorful with cold applesauce and sour cream), so of course couldn't finish my chopped liver sandwich.  We had a refrigerator in our room, and eating that chopped liver on some crackers for a midnight snack was one of my favorite Las Vegas memories - hooray for beating the stick-it-to-the-tourists system!  If only this Canter's had the bakery cases too!
After a long flight and finally making it to the hotel, we really didn't want to venture out of it to get some late night eats.  So, we found this place.  We ordered the chicken strips and fries for $8 and the hot dog for $5.  Most of the stuff seemed pretty pricey, so we tried to stick with something that'd fill us up enough without killing the wallet.  The chicken strips came with 6 strips and a box full of fries. Get it with the honey mustard and BBQ sauces and mix them together for the ultimate dipping sauce! I couldn't finish it all so my friends had a snacky when they got back from the club downstairs. The hot dog, thank goodness, was not just a cold bun with a nasty weenie on it.  It was a sizeable dog on a grilled bun with a pickle on the side.  I mean, it didn't have any other toppings on it like onions or relish or anything, but it was honestly pretty good.  MUCH better than that stupid fake ass pho restaurant they have in the same hotel...
Okay listen if you like Pastrami then you need to check out Canters. It was by far the tastiest pastrami sandwich ive had in a long time. It was fairly priced, especially for Las Vegas. This place is known for its Pastrami and Corned Beef...stick to what they are noted for. I give Canters a 85/100
REALLY good cheap food, right on the strip. This place has a great rueben sandwich, and yes, it's the same company as the famous one in LA. There's not a ton to say about this place. It's nice and clean, and serves good cheap food in large portions. You order at the counter, then they bring the food out to your table (you get a little number.) I hate that style, but it works, so no complaints. This place is a great hangover cure in Vegas, for a good price. Be warned, it's very bright in the place. It's kinda like a 60's kitchen style decor, so it feels very bright and echoey. Not recommend for a loud drunk. Definitely worth a whirl if you like deli food and fries.
So before heading to Las Vegas and staying at Treasure Island, i needed the Yelps Help on what to grub when in T.I.

Had the Pastrami on Rye (Awesome) and my friend tried the Ham & Swiss on Sourdough(Great), so i split the sandwhich with my friend and had the tasty double threat.

I have had pastrami before, but nothing like this, this is truly a new way to eat pastram....None of my spots compare to this, above Grade A.
I'm not sure why the Las Vegas versions of the great deli's aren't really up to par with mother ships, but Canter's is probably one of the better ones in Las Vegas.
We had lunch there while were out running up and down the strip on one of our days there. The Beautiful Carin had a Cobb Salad and I had corned beef on marble rye. 
You know, the food was pretty good and maybe I shouldn't have expected more, but I thought the sandwich and the salad were a little bit on the skimpy side (compared to some of my faves in NYC or even here in Scottsdale).
At any rate, it was OK for lunch, but I wouldn't call it great deli.
The bacon cheeseburger was surprisingly delicious. $10 with fries and that is pretty fuckin good for Sin City.
I love eating at the L.A. Canters near my home. I usually end up dropping $20 on cookies as I am walking out as well, so this bakery free environment was much better for my wallet.

Their sandwiches are piled high, but still bite-able, and the service is always kinda friendly, kinda not. Except at this location, where the servers were doing this weird thing with their mouths.....smiling i think it is called.?.....

They have good burgers, damn good grilled cheese, but it is their pastrami and other deli sammies that rock. At this location I had my usual, Pastrami Combo #1, which I bath in Thousand Island with extra pickles. It hit the spot in ways It never had before....

perhaps because it was 2:30am, and I was intoxicated thanks to lemon drop martinis.
I am jealous that we can't have a Canter's out in Chicago! This is one of the best deli's I've been at!!

I tried ordering half a grilled ham and cheese and soup but they didn't let me. :( So I ordere half a ham and cheddar on sourdough bread and a bowl of chicken noodle soup! Both were very tasty but then I made the mistake of having some of my boyfriends patty melt and fries!!! WOWWWW I don't usually like patty melts but this one was amazing! Afterwards I was wishing I had ordered that instead! 

The decor is very outer spaceshippy (lol) but I like it. The service was kind of slow, you order at the counter and they bring you your food. We got ours 15 minutes after we ordered. It was probably the patty melt. Whatever, I'll definetly go back!
Quick place to get a fix on whatever craving you might have. Sandwiches are their specialties, but my buddies and I fell in love with their hot dogs a couple years back. 

Now for the folks, who don't like hotdogs because it's processed and blah blah blah, you can quit reading. But for the folks who are big hot dog fans, you'll love their National Hotdog. It's basically just a hot dog with the frank cut down the middle. What I love about this hot dog is what they do to the bun. They lightly butter the bun and set it on the grill for a quick moment to get that nice crispy texture. You get a crunchy pickle and they give you condiments on the side. Very simple, yet so delicious. My friends and I went to Canter's two days in a row because we stayed at T.I. and we loved it both times. 

So calling all hot dog lovers!! Give it a try!! You won't regret it!!
I was real excited to find out that the Canters I knew and loved from LA was reincarnated inside the Treasure Island in vegas. 

I got my usually order of matzo soup and a pastrami sandwich and I was pleased with the meal but it has a ways to go to live up to the originals standards. 

The onion rings are great here if you are a fan so definitely try those. 

Its a bit overpriced in my opinion but its one of your best options for a jewish style deli on the strip.
Okay, so obviously comparing a Las Vegas ported restaurant to its original counterpart in Los Angeles is not fair - if I were to compare the two, I feel like its comparing wolfgang puck canned foods to the actual restaurant...lol.

Anyways, this is what you'd expect - huge massive portions of pastrami and corned beef heaped on rye with a little bit of spicy mustard and cheese (make sure to get coleslaw on your sandwich for extra flavor), awesome potato salad, and sweet dill pickles.

But what kills is the price - probably $20+ for each person, which feels a little crazy to me. Service is a little bit shotty, but the seating is nice and the atmosphere is decent.

Canter's in LA is the shit, Canter's in Las Vegas feels like they mailed it in, but if you aren't comparing, this is a decent attempt.
Canter's has always been a place where I could go there, eat a fat sandwich and call it a day in Vegas.  The Canter's Delight is gastronomically amazing! Check out my photo (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FooKqQJ3UnsIG2slFPuLRA?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw).  I've had it four times!  I know there are other super deli's around the Strip, particularly Stage Deli and Carnegie Deli, but I don't know what is it that makes me come back here all the time.  Their sandwiches are huge and really good.  I guess the only downside is that they aren't open very late if you have a late night sandwich craving.  Definitely come by here if you're near TI and want to eat something that will cover your meals for a good part of your day.
Canter's has the best tasting pastrami sandwich I ever had!! Grill toasted bread, lots of hot pastrami melting swiss cheese with sauracrout. So good that I came back the next day for another one.

I wish the fries were bigger, because it was more of a string style.
omg it's like totally la in lv? waaaackyyyyy

and it's like totally the same thing which means it's still good!!!! and since it's expensive in LA selling it for the same price in vegas almost makes you feel like you're getting a deal!

and pastrami is always a good call
Okay so this looks like a smaller version of the one they have in TI. This is located next to the Mandalay Sports book and poker room. I stopped by here right after the Pacquaio fight hoping to find a bowl of soup after all the cheering that took place earlier. 

I picked up a sandwich w/ fries and a bowl of soup for $18. I think it's expensive for what it was but pretty standard considering the other options to choose from at the Mandalay Bay. Plus I was in such a good mood that a almost $20 meal could slide. Did I mention that this didn't include a drink. If you add one of those bad boys that easily puts that total north of $20. 

Matzo ball soup did its trick with a nice broth. Corned beef sandwich served its purpose and was okay. If I  wasn't so tired I would have went somewhere else but convenience won this fight.
I just want to preface this by saying- I don't normally go to a restaurant multiple times while I'm on vacation.  But in this case.. I did. Megan and I went to Canter's three times when we were in Vegas. It was just so so good, and it was nice because it was right in our hotel, Treasure Island. If we just wanted a quick bite before heading to the pool or what not, and cheap compared to other food options!

First night I arrived, I had the chicken tender basket. My flight arrived in a couple hours late, and I was famished! Megan and I probably could have shared one, though.  You get a ton of fries, and five chicken strips, served with whatever sauce you want. Everything is fresh and piping hot.  The second time was before we went to the pool. I got a cheeseburger and fries. Again, fries were delicious and the burger was good-- nothing to write home about.

If you go to Canter's, you need get only one thing. The pastrami sandwich. YUM. I still have dreams about this sandwich.  The pastrami is packed about 3 inches high on the sandwich, it's perfectly cooked a medium rare, seasoned like no other pastrami I've had before.  It's all on a tangy rye bread.  I got it with chicken noodle soup-- another awesome surprise. The soup has large cuts of real chicken, and uses long angel hair pasta noodles, which i thought was a very cool idea.  There are chunks of fresh vegetables, and was one of the best chicken noodle soups I've had. 

If you're staying at Treasure Island-- you must make a stop at Canter's if not only for the pastrami!!!
this past weekend we went to vegas and stayed at TI so we came to canter's twice because all of us were too lazy/hungover to go anywhere far.  good thing this place is ok.  

i had the pastrami sandwich the first time which was REALLY good.  they load the pastrami with melted cheese on rye bread.  the pastrami was nice and warm and salty.  there was so much meat in there that i had to eat it with a fork first.  the fries are the small shoestring type fries but it tasted yummy in my sandwich.  the second time i came back, i tried the corned beef sandwich.  this wasn't as good.  the corned beef was way too salty and the sauerkraut was overpowering.

i guess its because its Vegas but this was not cheap.  a sandwich ran about $14-$15 each.  but i am appreciative that canter's was downstairs to cure our laziness/hangovers.
why only 3.5 stars, yelpers?? the pastrami sandwich was amazing. the prime rib sandwich special was tender juicy and lean. ordered the cheesecake which was promptly commandeered by the rest of the table so then i got a slice of carrot cake to cheer me up. both desserts were world class. we almost went back the next night. nice place for dinner before Love if you have a few extra minutes to take the tram from Mirage to TI.  too bad no table service tho.
This is our absolute favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Better than Craftsteak, better than Eiffle Tower and it's 20 bucks.  If you have never been, split a sandwich.  I am a big eater, but I feel stuffed after half a ruben from Canters.
I've never been to their LA location but this one's got the total space age setting going with cool lights, wide leather booths and a weird selection of 50s and 60s music playing at a very loud volume.

Like all of Vegas this place is all about EXCESS. Massive size sandwiches that will leave you will a full belly and a slightly smaller wallet. Good stuff. Enjoy!
I live in LA but I have never been to Canter's. I've always wanted to go but there are other similar delis in LA that are good (Langer's and Brent's come to mind) and one of my friends swears that it sucks.

Resigning myself to the fact that I probably will never go to Canter's in Los Angeles, I elected to hit the Vegas outpost in Treasure Island before I headed out of town. We showed up at about 4 in the afternoon so it was a short line and just a few people in the dining room. The ordering system is simple. You stand in line and order what you want, and then you are given a gigantic playing card to display at your table so the server knows where to take the food. 

Like I said, I've never been to the one in LA but I'm willing to bet that it looks nothing like the outpost in Vegas. It's very futuristic with multiple TV's on the walls so you can watch your favorite sporting events while waiting for your food. Not that it really matters because we got our food literally 5 minutes after we ordered. 

I don't think the prices are all that expensive. A similar sandwich in Los Angeles will cost at most 1-2 dollars less and a similar sandwich in New York will cost close to $20. I elected to get a combo meal which includes a pastrami sandwich, side of fries, and a soda for $17. I wasn't that hungry so I was hoping they weren't as big as the ridiculous sized sandwiches you would get if you were eating at the Carnegie Deli in the Mirage.  Although the sandwiches were bigger than the normal, they were still not THAT big. It was perfect for an average glutton like myself.

Unfortunately I let my friend do the ordering while I sat down at a table, and he got me the pastrami sandwich on white bread rather than the requisite rye. No biggie though because the sandwich was good! The bread was soft and the meat was juicy. The bottle of deli mustard that is on every table really has a great kick to it. The fries were perfect too although I didn't eat many of them due to the size of the sandwich.

Overall, my experience was great. I might have to check out the one in LA because I would definitely go back to the one in Vegas.
Days of the $3.99 Las Vegas buffets are gone.  Well I'm sure you can find one, but I'm also sure it'll give you a Kenyan colon.

It's all about $16 sandwiches nowadays.  More precisely, the $16 pastrami on rye.

After arriving to Las Vegas, the boys and I were famished.  We dropped off our bags in our room that had two....yes...two toilets in separate bathrooms. This is important when you are sharing a room with guys that are all experts in the art of synchronized bowel movements.  Then herded down to the casino floor.  After shoulder bumping all the sloppy drunk girls with runny mascara we made it to the promise land.

The pastrami on rye.  Not overly salty.  Tender.  And more importantly, a genorous heap of sensual pastrami.   Just thinking of it makes me yearn for it.  I positioned it in my hands as to where I wouldn't bite off my fingers and devoured it ever so quietly hoping no one would see me.

When I looked down upon my empty plate, I was left wondering where my pastrami on rye went. Had I lost myself in it entirely and lost all sense of reality that I was left wondering if it was fictional?

I left and the thought of what had happened haunted me the whole night while I was splitting 8's and doubling down on 10's and 11's.  All the while having the surgically enhanced cocktail waitress bringing me vodka tonics. Only to have myself imagine her cleavage was actually a mound of Canter's Pastrami.  Hallelujah.
Canters was the best Deli sandwich I have ate in my life.  Yes, Im new to the experience, but I know a damn good sandwich when I eat one.  There's a few spots in Portland  I NOW HAVE to go to HOPING it's as good as Canters.

My wife and I needed a bite to eat, but didn't wanna spend a whole lot, yet didn't wanna eat a whole lot either.  Well during our stay at the TI we noticed the advertisements of Canters with this DELICIOUS looking sandwich representing them on the posters.  The name of that sandwich is the "Viva Las Vegas".  And I highly recommend it.  The sandwich is made with pastrami, cheese and thousand islands. It even seems like there's a type of coleslaw they top the sandwich with that gives it a great flavor.  The sandwich is 15.00.  The nice thing was we would split it, and it was just enough to fill our stomachs so we could tequila it up!

We stopped here twice to eat.  The first time my wife picked it up and brought it back to the room.  The second time we ate in the deli.  The line was short thank goodness.  Took about 5 min for our sandwich to come out.  The sandwich did come with a small side of potato salad.  I liked it and so did my wife.  Some people may think I was too generous to kick down 5 stars.....If you try CARNEGIE first....you'll see why i gave Canters 5.  

Canters was the best thing about the T.I. by a long shot.
Okay-Just returned from LV and stayed at Mandalay Bay which was great. The Canter's Deli we ate at was located in the Sports Book at MD. It was awful! I had the Matzo Ball Soup with a Corned Beef on Rye and my wife had the Pastrami. The grease from the soup was so evident floating on the top that it not only looked awful it tasted awful!
Corned beef was just chunks falling out of the stale bread and my wifes even had a strange dark color to it! $25 out the window and lost appetite for rest of the day. Counter service sucked as well. Rude. Go to Seven-Eleven and buy a pack of bologna and loaf of bread and you will do much better!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We split a sandwich with turkey, ham, pastrami, corned beef and swiss on white bread with a side of potato salad.  Price was a little high (around $15 for one sandwich), bread was dry, but the meat was really tasty (pastrami and corned beef were hot, turkey and ham were cold).  Not sure if we'll be back.
This is the ONLY place you should eat while staying at TI. The sandwiches are HUGE and filled with whatever kind of meat you are in the mood for...(get your minds outta the gutter!) haha! 
 But seriously, for $13, you get your moneys worth.  The fries are good too. They are the skinny shoe string ones and very crispy. SO yummy!!!  
It was a clean environment and it was very modern for being a retro style deli. 
And they serve cupcakes! I was too full to get one, but they looked yummy and most places that serve cupcakes are high on my list of places to eat :D.
Eh. Went here because I stayed at TI and our group didn't want to travel far for some eats. I got the sandwich/ soup combo and opted for the Matzo Ball soup with a Corned Beef sandwich.

Matzo Ball soup is one of my favorites and this one was pretty good! It was super hearty, filled with a HUGE matzo ball, tons of noodles, chicken and lots of veggies. Only sad part was that since the Matzo ball was so huge, it was super dry in the middle :(

Sandwich was of good size, stuffed with meat ftw. But these types of sandwiches aren't my type - the meat only kind. Meat was for sure very moist but the bread was uber dry and it was all in all kind of dull. So overall this place was just kinda dull.
Came because I miss LA and it's a copy of something at home. 

The food is fine, I had a corned beef sandwich with coleslaw and was good and filling like always. Shared some fries with my cousin and friend and I like that they have thin fries. I like that they have this honey horshradish mustard I like to spackle on. 

BUT I am disappointed a bit thinking of the OG Canter's back home. There it's an old deli diner with an extensive menu, open late and also has a bakery. This is just a quick, modern sandwich counter. It's different I know and I shouldn't compare, but it's hard with the fond memories I have. Also, as much as Canter's is famous for sandwiches....back home I rarely actually order one as my go-to spot is Langers and I actually liked eating other things at Canters such as their baked chicken, blitzes, meatloaf, chopped liver,potato pancakes etc. 

Still, I suppose Canter's LV is the best reasonable food spot in the TI.
Five stars for their FRENCH FRIES. My ideal french fries are served here - cut thin and cooked crispy, yummmm.

Sandwhiches are jam packed with meat -- I wasn't too fond of my BLT but I loved the french fries!!
canters is a good place to stop if you're ravenous and have a few bucks to spend...

i ate here my last time in vegas. it's a great traditional deli, meat piled high in your sandwiches, good fries, so no complaints about the food. my gripes are with the service- and the price. you definitely come to las vegas expecting to pay through the nose...and canters will fulfill that expectation. holy moly. i ate a $10 hotdog for goodness sake!
The food was good but super expensive for a tuna melt on sourdough and fries, $22!!! The restaurant was really cute but the service was mediocre.

Since we stayed at treasure island, I had to try this place just cause of the decor. I ordered the tuna melt and fries. Their food is quite good but the prices are ridiculous!!! Don't think i'll be coming back cause of just that... Overpriced.
Love Canter's Deli.  It was all that I expected it to be.  Cornbeef sandwiches were excellent and service was great.  The waitstaff was very good as well.
So great! It is a little pricey, but the sandwiches are too big for one person to eat. Split it and enjoy!
Pricey for a sandwich, but there is a ton of meat in them. We ordered the sandwich that had cornbeef, pastrami, turkey, and ham- man- that was a good sandwich! It reminded me of a club sandwich. Mike and I were able to share it and be satisfied. We will definitely be back.
Very big and tasty serving of sandwich!  I had the World Cup special which came with a heap of very thin, adequately seasoned fries.  I was very happy.

Their sandwiches are pretty colossal so if you're not that hungry, half a sandwich will last you for at least 3-4 hours.

The only downside on this place is that they have a waitstaff that is stalks on customers.  He literally stares at people like it's nobody's business.  

Try this place. Nom. nom. nom.
Sandwiches are big and tasty, prices are a little high, but still a good place to eat if you want to just sit and chat.
Loved this place the pastrami sandwiches and the fries were magnificent tried the cheesecake was nice and creamy so yummy. I would recommend this place to anyone and I will come back again next time.
The Reuben Sandwich is sooo good! Every time I go back to Vegas I try fitting in my schedule to go here for lunch. The sandwiches are huge and with the fries and a drink. You can get pretty full. The price is kinda up there, but knowing Vegas, you can expect the price to be expensive. I do think it's worth it to go there to try a Reuben if you've never had one.
My friend and I were staying at Mirage and plan to watch LOVE there.  Since TI was next door she wanted to come here for some frozen custard.  I didn't know what the big deal was about but it sounded awesome so we walked over in the very hot hot Vegas weather.  I think one shared is good 'cuz they really give a LOT for the frozen custard.  My friend enjoyed all of hers but it was a bit sweet to my taste.  Maybe I'm just used to the frozen yogurt places that have more of a tart flavor and not so intense sweetness to it but it didn't hit the spot as I wanted it to.  If you got a sweet tooth and you want to cool down I recommend getting this...otherwise, there's plenty of other stuff that can cool you down.
I almost forgot that I had bookmarked this, and tried it. Okay, went with my friend and his toddler a couple of months ago now.

Quality of the food was OKAY - but it was ridiculously overpriced and has some of the weirdest looking decor. The deli is basically open to the casino floor, but done up in this... I don't know, retro 50's space age meets linoleum design. It's not very inviting. 

Service? Meh, nothing special but it is a deli.
When ever a deli is around, I have to take advantage of the situation and have a bite. Came here for lunch during the 4th of July weekend. I had a BLT and the boyfriend had a pastrami (I think) and watched the Spain v. Paraguay World Cup game. Yummy food. I had to save the second half of my sandwich for later (I was full after the first half!) Great place... Kinda deep inside the casino but worth it!
Heard about this spot in L.A. Didn't know they had one in Vegas. It's got nothing on Langers in L.A. It's a good pastrami sandwich but nowhere near the best. I only ate half the sandwich and gave away the other half. Make sure to put the coleslaw into the sandwich to give it a better taste.

Recommendation: Pastrami sandwich
The next best alternative if you are staying at TI.  It beats waiting in line with barely any service at the Coffee Shop.  If you want food to go, come here instead of the Coffee Shop.

I ordered the Famous Pastrami sandwich for $15, which includes fries and a soda.  Lots of pastrami included.  Not too shabby for something quick to eat.

Soda: FREE Refills
Fries: delicious thin and crispy!!

Service itself can be slow when you order, since there was only one lady at the front.  She was taking her sweet DAMN time.  Once you order though, the food comes out quick!

Decor is a mix of everything.  Retro but at the same time...are we in space of some sort? Am i going towards the right direction?
Restaurant is located in Treasure Island hotel.  I've been to Canter's in Fairfax, Ca and was hoping this would be the same - NOT!  

Don't get me wrong the food was good the hubby tried the matzo ball its yummy and flavorful.  Unfortunately my Chicken Caesar salad was eh.

The restaurant was clean and the seats are comfy it has that retro feel. Downside you can see the casino and hear slot machines and smell the people smoking as they walk by.
Went to Canter's for a simple meal one evening. You order and pay at the front counter and they bring your food out to you. I had a pastrami sandwich combo that came with fries and a soda. The sandwich was piled high with thinly sliced pastrami on nice fresh rye bread. You have your choice of mustard at the table to use along with other condiments. It tasted quite good and I downed every bite of it. The fries that came with were quite thin and piled high on the plate. I usually like nice thick steak fries the best, but these thin ones were some of the best I've ever had. You WILL be full if you clean your plate. My wife had the same combo with corned beef that was pretty tasty too. At $15.50 for a combo I'd say it was a pretty good value for the a big Strip casino too. I'll be back to try some of their other sandwiches.
Went to Canter's for lunch and was satisfied overall with the meal.  Canter's is the deli located inside of TI.  Overall, I have to say that if you asked me to pick a deli I wanted to eat at; for the money I still put Carnegie above and beyond all the other "strip" deli's.  

Canter's did have the delicious beaverton mustard that Ashley and I love, and the fresh onion rings were delicious.  However, the sandwich and overall menu seemed limited in comparison to a place like Carnegie @ Mirage.  Canter's is still a safe bet if you find yourself hungry and spaced for time at TI.
Cool place to eat. I'm from NY but was enticed to go here by my friend from Cali. I was a little skeptical but the place was good. I had a Reuben here and really enjoyed it. It wasn't as good as what you could get on any corner in NY but it was pretty close. Lots of pastrami, nice and juicy, perfect bread...yum. I'd come here again.
I was craving some good pastrami and I found it here!

This place is tucked in Treasure Island and its a good place to stop and share a sandwich w/a friend while casino hopping.  The portions are generous and the slices of pastrami very thin (I prefer it cut a bit thicker).  Because the meat was piiled so high I gave up halfway and ate the meat with the fork.  This is the closest I'll get to a nyc pastrami sandwich so I will be sure to drop by this place for a snack everytime I'm in Vegas.
Hmmm, this Canter's really didn't knock my socks off at all. As a matter of fact, I think I left feeling a little under-whelmed. 

This is a branch of the famed Canter's in LA on Fairfax and I was expecting a lot more. For around $15, I got a turkey on wheat, fries, and a soda. MAJOR UNDERWHELM-MENT. While there was a gang of turkey, it was dry, limp, and tasteless. Only when I slathered dijon mustard on it did I feel like my $15 went towards something.

OH WELL. I do realize this is in Vegas, the land expensive meals. I did try another person's pastrami and it was pretty good. Again, I suppose that nasty turkey sandwich killed it for me. 

My tastebuds may have been shot from the late night prior, so I guess I will someday return to the REAL Canter's in LA and hopefully see what the hoo-ha is all about. I will not be returning to this Canter's sadly!

Please, dear God, please let me be more impressed with the real one.
mmmm for matzoh ball soup.  this is a great way to end your trip after staying up way too late.  we stopped here on the way to the airport, and i got a half soup and half sandwich.  the half soup is huge and satisfying. my 1/2 sandwich was egg salad, which was pretty good, but i didn't even eat it until hours after the soup.
Came here yesterday and the matzo ball soup was amazing. Came back today for more and it was terrible. Today the soup tasted Lipton soup and the matzo ball was hard as a brick. Don't know what happened but they need help if they are going to serve soup like this.
Still searching for that  great Pastrami. 
My Daughter says, "Let's go to Canter's at TI. I thought great and man was I hungry.  I order the Pastrami, my daughter orders Matzo and her boyfriend the corned beef combo.

The Pastrami sandwich was huge with Pastrami bulging out on all sides. Before I lathered it with mustard, I always take a bite to taste the natural flavors before I pollute it with seasoning.   I couldn't believe that this Huge Beast of a sandwich, didn't have ANY Pastrami Flavor. Give me a freaking break! $15 and NO FLAVOR!  And to Top it OFF, the rye bread it came on fell to pieces soon after the first bite. Upon closer inspection the bread was stale.  $15 and you can't serve fresh bread!  Never!  Ever,  will I return to to this place.  

My search continues.  But I'm starting to think it is a futile search in this town.
This place is horrible and not a "Delicatessen"
Extremely overpriced food for sup par ingredients and Stale Rye Bread. (see picture) 

Everything was just lacking in comparison to the LA Canter's Deli- 
I wouldn't recommend this place, and I wouldn't return. 

I'd rather drive 4 hours to the original.
One of the few places to eat at Treasure Island. The sandwiches here are huge. The Corned Beef Reuben was delicious! It was served with a plate of overflowing fries and a pickle. Its definitely worth the price because you'll be full after. If you happen to be in T.I. check it out!
The service at this place sucks. There was nobody there when we went and it took freaking forever to get our order in.

I ordered the tuna sandwich and it honestly wasn't that great at all. 

Their fries arent all that and this place isn't worth the money they charge!

I go to vegas ALOT and I'm never going back here.
So after a really long night of partying..my group was craving some delicious sandwiches.
After seeing the giant sandwich ads everywhere in our hotel (Treasure Island), we gave into peer pressure and headed on over to Canter's.

If you want to do it right you have to the get the Viva Las Vegas. It has pastrami, cole slaw, corned beef, and cheese. How amazing does that sound?
The sandwich was huge. It was also expensive (almost $17).
I noticed that most gourmet deli places (Canters, Langers...etc) bump up their meat prices like crazy.
The french fries weren't that great..but the pastrami was sooo delicious.
The only reason this place doesn't have 5 stars is because literally every sandwich is above $10.

Thank goodness there is one in LA cause I know I will be craving their sandwiches verrrrrry soon!
I'm generally not a HUGE fan of pastrami. I'm more of a roast beef or turkey person, but since it was highly recommended by some of my foodie friends, I decided to give it  a try.  I ordered the reuben w/ pastrami.

HOLY MOLY   - I LOVE IT.  

Best reuben ever!! And believe me, I will be back next time for another one!!!

NOte - Gotta say it is quite expensive. It's like $14/sandwich. It's HUGE, but still. I mean it is Vegas, so maybe it's just pricier.
This place is terrible mediocre sandwiches piss poor attitudes hardly anyone working on a friday night 6 people standing in line took thirty minutes for a $20 veggie burger and fries.... What a terrible first impression of treasure island.
I had spent the day walking up and down the strip.  I made it to fourteen different casinos as well as three different shopping malls.  I was beat.  I passed up many an enticing meal to eat at 'Wichcraft at the MGM Grand only to find it was closed for a week.  By then I was determined to have a tasty sandwich so I hoofed it back up the strip to TI to try Canter's.  I ordered a Pastrami Sandwich.  It was quite simple, but tasty.  Piled high with top quality thick cut pastrami on decent rye bread, it definitely hit the spot.  They also had a plethora of Beaver Valley Mustards on the table to try, which was nice.  I've never been to the Los Angeles original, but the Vegas knockoff was damn good!
This place is more like a 3.5 star joint.

The wife and I decided to eat here on a whim during the last night of our stay in Vegas. We had passed by it a few times since we were staying in it's host hotel, the Treasure Island. 

Upon looking the menu over the first thing that hit me was that the place was damn expensive. Well, it's Vegas so I kept looking. The second thing I noticed was that they served corned beef sandwiches. I simply had to have one. I got one with fries and a drink for $15 and she ordered the tuna melt with fries.

What this place really needs is more help at the counter. There were only two people out there and the line was long. They were taking orders, ringing up customers, bagging orders and handing out the food. The whole process could have gone a lot smoother if they had just one more person there.

At any rate, we took our food up to our room and dug in. My corned beef sandwich was awesome. It was huge. It came with a nice portion of fries that were nice and crispy and they even tossed in a few pickle slices.

I was full at the end of it all and pretty satisfied. I just didn't like the wait. It took forever to order our food and then another forever to get it.
First problem is that it's an impossibly long walk from the garage to the Deli in which you have to cross the entire casino floor. I'm pretty sure TI did ok with me paying 22 bucks for sandwich, measly coleslaw, and Odwalla OJ despite my lack of gambling. Speaking of OJ, serving Odwalla is definitely taking a loose interpretation of "fresh-squeezed". The actual "Viva Las Vegas" sandwich was great, nice, moist pastrami and corned beef, just as large as the sign off Spring Mountain suggests. However, the "Nosh Vegas" slogan, made me reminisce of great meals past at Jerry's Famous Deli in Orange County and Westwood and I was definitely put off by the fact I could not even sit in a restaurant on the Strip at midnight. If I can do it in Westwood, I should certainly be able to do it in this "24" city with great service and less the snobiness in West LA.
Great for those nights you are too busy getting ready for your night out to go to a restaurant.  Grab some food here and bring it back to the room.  Good variety and wholesome food.  Sure it's a little pricey but we're in Vegas baby.  Go big or go home.
De-effing-licious Reuben and fries. Stopped here before seeing Mystere. Fast food, huge portions, good prices (for the Strip).
What's a girl to do holed up in a smoky hotel and feeling under the weather? Head to Canter's for a steaming hot bowl of matzoh ball soup. I doubled down at this Treasure Island Hotel hole in the wall and found it to be the only redeeming quality of my Strip experience (Ok, one other. See my review of Bouchon). To be fair, I was in need of a cheap place to stay near the Sands Convention Center, so I got what I paid for. What's also great about this dining venue being in the hotel (or not so great depending on how you view it) is that you could pick up your dinner to go in your pajamas. Great, if you don't want to fuss with room service and want to get in and out. Trust me no one with notice since most guests are wearing similar outfits, as well, outfits. 

Other good menu items: the pastrami or corned beef, which paired with the sweet mustard is sublime. On an I'm-not-in-the-mood-for-meat night, I opted for the grilled cheese- a slightly gooey sandwich crisped just enough to easily dunk into the soup. 

Stick to the basics and you won't go hungry.
I love Canters. This place has been here forever and I love that Guns and Roses used to frequent this place back in the 80's. I love their corned beef on rye or a kaiser roll. Either one is good. Just depends on my mood. Also, surprisingly their burgers are really damn good. Simple but tasty. Just the way I like them. I also love that their matzo ball soup has one giant ball in it. That's the best part. 

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because one, the service is off more than on. And second, personally I think their prices are a little high. I'm sorry but for a place that has been around this long, their prices should be inexpensive. But other than that its good food. Be aware that if you come on a weekend in the morning or at night it can be busy. And if you park in the lot next door don't forget to stamp your ticket when you pay your bill.
DO NOT COME TO CANTERS. STAY AWAY!!

this is probably the whackest sandwich i've ever had. look at my reviews, I feel terrible giving out single star ratings and usually add-on a few in a desperate attempt to salvage the review.. but in this case. i'd give it zero if I could.

-$12.75 FOR TURKEY ON RYE TO-GO.
-TWO PIECES OF HARD, STALE BREAD AND A FEW SLICES OF TURKEY. HOME GIRL GOT THE ROAST BEEF AND THERE WASN'T ANY LETTUCE OR TOMATO SLICES, NADA!
-NO MAYONNAISE, MUSTARD, KETCHUP, ANYTHING?

sheeeesh, huge rip off, terrible tasting dry sandwich, long wait, terrible location.. i will never be back.
I cant believe I have not written a review on this joint even though I have been here a half a dozen times or so!

This place is awesome!  If you want a great deli sandwich in Vegas, come here.  Its expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for!

I always order the Canters Delight.  Its like a club sandwich minus all the vegetables.  Its a triple decker sandwich stacked with ham, turkey, pastrami, corned beef and cheese.  It is easily in my top 5 favorite sandwiches in the world.  The thing is gigantic so you better come hungry.  You have to kind of contemplate how to navigate this bad boy for a minute or so.  I always grab my knife and load it up with mustard, then spread a little on the corner of the sandwich and then dig in.  Every single bite is amazing.  The rye bread is soft, delicious and has a good crust, the meats are plentiful, juicy and piled high, the cheese is tasty.  Its pretty much damn near a perfect sandwich.   My wife always orders the BLT on rye and that always comes out fantastic too.  They must use 10-12 slices of bacon on this monster.  We always come hungry and leave stuffed to the brim with smiles on our faces.  Its amazing what a great sandwich can do for the soul ;-).
Hallelujah is a word rarely used outside of church. But hallelujah, this place must be a gift from baby Jesus.


Can I get an amen?
MUY TERRIBLE! 

We were looking for something to take to eat on the drive back, and though sandwiches was a good option. Sandwiches might have been a good idea, BUT not from Canter's! 

I ordered a pastrami sandwich and paid (approx.) $13 for two slices of bread with some pastrami thrown in there. 

DON'T COME HERE. You should go somewhere else - Subway is even better.
Really wonderful pastrami sandwich with a side of fresh fries.  More than satisfying and on par to the original Canter's location.  Service pretty quick.  Located in the "newly" updated Treasure Island hotel which has no idea what it wants to be -old school pirate adventure? -or cool ultra hip hang out?  I think they should have stuck with their original classic pirate theme...but I digress, this is about the restaurant,  not the hotel.  Husband got the corned beef which was just as good!  Stick with the traditional deli favorites and you'll be happy!
Coffee not good- but....everything else was delicious! I got a BLT and my boyfriend got the pastrami-great thin juicy slices. Both yummy! Lots of room, not crowded. The menu says all made on rye bread but the cashier asked what type we wanted, so you can get other breads.
omg!!  this place is the bomb.  I was staying at TI and never knew about this until someone brought me here.  We ordered the pastrami on rye.  The sandwich was huge.   We ordered onion rings and french fries.  The servings were huge.  For the sandwich and fries combo was about $16.  not bad at all.  Love the decor.  Best french fries ever!!  I cant wait to go back/.
While wandering back down the Strip from Stratsophere after seeing a show, my husband and I realized that we were about an hour away from catching the Sirens of TI show which we've never managed to catch on any of our visits to Vegas.  Rather than stand outside that long we decided to pop inside and grab a quick bite to eat.

Canter's was awesome!  Yes, it was a bit spendy for a sandwich joint, but the sandwich was completely filled with corned beef - to the point where I actually had to take some out to get the sandwich in my mouth.  The rye bread was soft and fresh, and the "TI Sauce" added just the right flavor to compliment the meat.  My only complaint is that for the amount of meat on the sandwich, there needed to be a bit more sauce.
$28.00 for two people to each have a sandwich, share a drink and share fries. Why does two pieces of bread with one item stuck between it cost so much?
$10 for a basket of wings (about 15 pcs) and fries. Add $10 and you get a pitcher of beer. Blue Moon was my pick!
The pastrami sandwich is ok but I was pleasantly surprised by the chicken fingers.  They were more like chicken hands and they were really big, tender and they give you a lot.  They are a little heavily breaded and crispy but why not have a little excess when in vegas.
We were staying in TI and decided to eat before flying out. We each got a sandwich which we thought were a bit high priced at $15 but  those things are packed with meat! 
Totally worth it, we could have split one sandwich but we  just took it on the plane with us. One thing I would recommend is not subbing onion rings for the fries that come with your meal. The fries are Amazing- and if you order onion rings you get like 5 and you have to pay $2 more. 
Overall delish food, great for hangovers and not too pricey for the strip.
Good pastrami and patty melt. Expensive, but big portions. Definitely spiltable
This place is really good. I have to say that I have never tried Matzo ball soup and their soup was delicious. I also tried their BLT and Pastrami Sandwich. But, MUST THEY ALL BE SO  MESSY!! Sweet heaven!!! The BLT fell apart in my hands that I ended up having to eat the bread by itself as well as the bacon. The same with the Pastrami.  

I only give it 3 stars because of the Matzo ball soup!! You must try it if you get a chance.
Ya, bread is definitely dry, but they fill it with lots of meat. I had soup and sandwich and soup was pretty decent chicken noodle soup. Lots of noodles and big chunks of chicken.The ham and cheese was just ok. I mostly ate the inside since the sourdough bread was so dry.Shoulda maybe had the rye? My mom hated the matzo soup, but she is used to small matzo balls in the soup.You can't get to the soup unless you dig threw the matzo ball which is as big as the cup.She didn't like the flavor of the matzo, I thought it was ok.Cheap for Vegas and fills your tummy.
Convenient and reasonably good simple eats here if you're staying at TI.  Didn't think there would be a place like this inside, the food is actually better than I had expected.  Sandwiches are the main highlight here, so I chose the Canter's Corned Beef Sandwich from the menu.  I believe this place is supposed to be like the Canter's Delicatesse in LA, which is pretty popular.  The corned beef was actually pretty good (usually don't eat corned beef) and I ordered a chicken soup which turned out to be slightly better than the canned version you might find elsewhere.  

Friends got different sandwiches and fries on the side... The fries weren't the best but good enough.  The place wasn't too busy and had enough space for our group.  I probably won't be back here unless I strangely got the opportunity to stay at TI again.  Anyhow it felt really good since I was so hungry and was ready to start the night of partying we had ahead of us.
I love the rye bread on their pastrami sandwich and the matzo ball soup.  This may be my second identical review, but it is that good.
Since we had a show in an hour we didn't have much time to sit down and eat so we decided to get something fast and easy....Since the theater was in Treasure Island we didn't have that many choices so we settled for this place....

Whoa huge pastrami sandwich with fries and a pickle and a drink.....$15...I only had half but it was super filling....The rye bread they served the pastrami on was really good and crispy and the pastrami itself wasn't super salty like some places. It was big enough for me to split it with my bf and we didn't really finish the fries....

the cashier was very friendly too since I told him we were kinda limited on time and he was friendly enough to assure us it wouldn't take that long to make it. =) 

I would come here again but then it's Vegas...I wouldn't say I'll go here for dinner since I would want to eat buffet but maybe good for lunch. =) but I would also share the meal if you don't eat very much like me...cause it was enough for me and my bf....and well $15 for the combo meal is a bit much. heh
One of the best hidden secrets on the strip.  The best pastrami sandwich I ever had. Price is fairly decent for the amount of food you get. The sandwich also comes with fries. Be sure to try their mustard, the best.
The portions are tiny, and the prices are very high. I ordered an orange juice, and received a shot glass of it. After receiving the bill, the OJ was $7 and my bagel was $5. This is the definition of a TOURIST TRAP.
What better place to get introduced to the knish! I'm totally a fan! Ginormous cakes in the case make waiting in line almost exciting. Heading out to Vegas in a couple weeks and totally plan to pay a visit. Already planning what to order, pastrami sammie, knish and chocolate cake... and my party will have the same coz we're sharing, portions are huge!
I had the half sandwich and soup.  Also ordered a side of coleslaw.

The soup was chicken noddle,  It had loads of thin short noodles in it.  Soup was OK, there was too much tarragon(dill? always can't differentiate some of the herbs) in it for my taste.  I was able to order my half sandwich with wheat bread.  Pastrami was very good.  Sandwich comes plain so I added mustard and piled on half of my side of 'slaw on top.  Good sandwich and pickle.
I was shocked to see that Canters didn't have a 5 star review on yelp!  If anything, they should have a Grinch That Stole Christmas type broken box with the stars expanding beyond the parimneter because a reuben from this place is seriously one of my favorite meals on the planet!

Yes a "Viva Las Vagas" (as the sandwich is called here) with fries and a drink will run you over $15, but the meal is HUGE!  My husband and I are both big eaters and can easily split this meal.  So you are looking at the best sandwich of your life, with fries, for around $7/person.  Some nice additions, if you are feeling super starved, are the matza ball soup and the frozen custard.  They used to have the most amazing carrot cake ever, but I haven't seen it here in a while.

The staff is always super nice and we have never had to wait longer than 15 minutes from the time we get in line to the time the food is ready.  

My husband and I have to come to Vegas for work twice a year and we never miss a stop to Canters!
Awesome Roast Turkey and Grilled Cheese sandwiches.
I'm a big fan of Reuben sandwiches and this one delivers!

It's HUGE and stacked tall. I can never finish the whole thing w/o wishing I should've eaten half. 

**on a side note, the only other item i tried was chicken fingers which were too salty**
I had a fabulous veggie burger. The prices are crazy high, and the meals are super large, so I would suggest splitting your order with a friend. The fries are delish too, don't pass them up, I almost did. My sis had the reuben and loved it, but it was pretty stacked up with meat. Free refills on soda, thank goodness.
Super good, especially if you're staying at Treasure Island.  Awesome chicken matzo ball soup (like homemade).  Tasty, crispy, shoe-string fries.  Great rye bread and delicious corned beef.

Going back for a second time before we leave the hotel cause we liked it that much (however, we'll get it go as it's right in the casino and pretty noisy).
always good.. morning.. lunch dinner.. all day every day.. 1/2 sandwich and soup is the way to go!!
Food was great but they got the worse customer service. I felt like the guy was racist because I was Asian and he was White. I am never going back to the restaurant again.
I always look forward to going here when I'm in Vegas (then again I look forward to going just about everywhere in Las Vegas). Other than checking into my room, this is usually one of the first places I go as soon as I get off of the plane. Make sure you're hungry when you go here, the sandwiches are HUGE. I always get the corn beef sandwich. The corn beef is sliced very thin and all it can use is some yellow mustard and you're good to go! The sandwiches are a little pricey but then again so is everything else in Sin City.
Are you kidding me!! The pastrami was amazing by far the best I have ever had! Now all I need to do is figure out how to duplicate it because I live to far!  Not sure how the rest of the food is and probably will never know because the pastrami is addictive! Did I mention the pastrami?
I guess I might have gone on a bad day??!!
I wasn't impressed at all.
The bread was dry and stiff and the pastrami had no flavor. 
They put so much meat on my sandwich I couldn't get my mouth around it and they might as well have given me a loaf of bread to go along with all the meat so I could make a sandwich for work all week.
I will give it another try due to all the other positive feedback but for this visit i have to say it was too expensive and not tasty.
Chix noodle soup is heart
Pastrami sandwiches were soggy
Skinny fries were good. 
Portions are huge 
Pricing is a lil High compared to other delis
Convenient if staying at TI
Came here famished and mostly because of the positive Yelp reviews about a spot right in Treasure Island where I was staying.  Sorry to say, but I was NOT impressed...

Way too much corned beef sandwiched between 2 thin slices of bread...might as well be a meat entree.  The meat was so thick that I could not bite into it without the the slices slipping and falling apart to land on the plate instead of my mouth.  The swiss cheese was rubbery in texture, lacked any cheese flavour -- in fact, it was rather artificial-tasting.  The sandwich came with only cheese and loads of meat.  Condiments were self-serve at the table.  

The saddest part for me was the meat itself -- pastrami and corned beef are supposedly Canter's signature items.   The corned beef was far from delicious;  I actually had to force myself to finish even half of the sandwich, not because I was oversatiated, but because the aroma of the meat was starting to make me feel ill.  Came so close to ditching it at the restaurant when conscience nagged me to pack it to go for a snack later.  Really hate wasting food.  

Later that night, as I was about to finish the rest of the food at the hotel, I could not help but recall the experience of not enjoying the sandwich even while it was freshly made.  It was destined for the trash at that point.

Far too expensive for a sandwich at $16 when I have had superb ones in the range of $13-16.   A major flop in my books.
Super overrated...  Yes, the pastrami's good, but not THAT good.  It's also not worth $15 a pop.  Yeah, I know it's Vegas, but please... not that good...
Had the corned beef sandwich on rye, good sandwich, fries thin and crisp, they have Beaver brand deli mustard good on sandwich, seats comfortable.
Since there is a lack of deli's of this type back home, i've been eager to check this place out.  More importantly, I wanted to try a knish as I have never had one before. So my "research" left me with three choices: Carnegie, ZoozaCrackers, or Canter's.  Carnegie seemed too ginormous for me as I wanted to do a sampling of things, & Zooza's, while interesting, i've never heard of before. So I chose Canter's.

I ordered a half pastrami on rye & tossed salad ($11.50), my potato knish ($6.50), & a soda ($3.50).  Total bill came out to $23.24 w/tax.  EXPENSIVE.

I like that it is very casual here.  Place your order & if you eat in they'll give you a numbered card where you mosey on to any open table & wait for them to bring your order.  My order took a little more than five minutes since it was not very busy. 

The food was delicious & filling.  The potato knish was very good.  The outside pastry was flaky & the potato filling was seasoned perfectly for me.  Some gravy on the side would have pushed it over the top.  Too bad I couldn't finish it all.  I should have gotten the maztzo ball soup instead of salad but that would've been carb overload.  I would definitely come back, but I only wish their prices were lower.
Heard a lot about this place, and how great the sandwiches were. was a little disappointed. maybe i just chose the wrong one to eat. i mean nothing was wrong with it. it wasnt bad, but it wasnt all that eather. just meat bread, lettuce, tomato, onion, and packaged mayo and mustard on the side. you have more choices at subways, for a lot less.
For a place inside a hotel, the pricing is pretty decent in my opinion.

I usually eat here since I get comp through the casino when I gamble.  Yes, I like it here because I can order and just take it to my room.  

I usually order their cheeseburger or the tuna melt.  I believe that those two are solid choices here.  Every time when I order their cheeseburger, it seems that it usually takes about 15 mins.. So if you are in a hurry, get the tuna melt!

Place has kind of a bar seating and self serve tables.  There are folks who clean up the tables and what ever you leave behind.  It's close to the sport books so convient for those who are betting on games or catching an NFL/NBA game.. I like it.. I get to watch multiple games on the screen.
I'm not sure if they changed their menu and the way they prepare their food, as the last time I went in Sept 2012, their hot dogs were on those rollers, reminiscent of a 7/11 convenience store.

Back in the day my previous trips, they had a quality hot dog that was butterfly cut down the middle and then grilled to a crispy perfection in a nice fresh bun.  I always skipped the pickle or had it put way off on the side so the pickle juice didn't get on the bun.  I'm not sure if that still exists or was replaced...  If it was replaced, they should put the hot dog on rollers in the back kitchen, 'cuz it's kinda a turn off...
this place is great! as good as a DELI gets . I laughed so hard as people looking at the MENU were muttering $Sixteen dollars$ for a sandwich lets go somewhere else .LOL hey dummy "you get what you pay for" and the price point here is perfect . basically you share this giant Delicious sandwich with pickles and sides and both of you are very happy . this place really is a bargain being inside a casino .
I used to hate that Einstein's was the only bagel place on campus, cause i loved Bruegger's so much better.
I've since grown to enjoy these bagels more. The service here was usually pretty quick (sometimes you only have like 10 minutes between classes) which was nice. 

it's nice that it's located on the outer corner of the MU building, as it can get packed in that building, and it it's got it's own entrance and exit.
I went in on a slow day and asked to order one of their hot sandwiches; turns out it wasn't in stock. So I went with the Asiago bagel with a Sundried tomato paste. I wanted a drink, but all they had were some bottled Nantucket Nectars and orange juice; I went with the Nectar, which was too sweet for my taste.

After waiting ten minute for my bagel, I asked what was going on...they had forgotten my order. The server, annoyed, made me another bagel and it was out in a few minutes.

Even at first glance, the food looked utterly disgusting. The bagel's crust wasn't firm, but all soggy from the oils it was prepared in. The faux cheese topping was old, stale, and tasteless. But its the filling that got me. Not even a spread, it was a gooey, thick, oozing, sludge. When it arrived, I tasted a little of it on its own and quickly hoped that it would taste better with the excuse-of-a-bagel; a few bites of the bagel proved me wrong and made me feel sick to the point where I almost threw up.

Terrible food shouldn't be so terrible it makes you sick. I suspect their kitchen isn't as clean as it should be, or, that they get their food pre-packaged and delivered (from where they let it go stale). They'll soon be famous for poisoning half of Tempe.
So I went back today, hoping that my experience was a single bad incident. This time I stayed clear of their bagels and went for one of their Italian Grilled Sandwiches, which seemed decent. I secretly hoped that given the price at $7, it would be a tad better than the previous day's horror.

Unfortunately, even as I just opened the sandwich, my stomach screamed in protest. It was the same, gooey, prepared mess as before. The chicken (which wasn't even cut, so the two halves of the sandwich weren't separate) was tough, dry, and flavorless. The vegetables were overdone and gooey. I suspect the whole thing was made in a microwave because even the bread had lost its texture. Needless to say, after a single bite, I donated my meal to the trash can.

I stand by my last review; this place has got to be one of the worst places I have ever eaten.
Einstein has an interesting way of taking your order - instead of standing in line, making your order, paying for it, then waiting for your food to enjoy. They add another step: between making your order and paying for it, they make you wait again. Personally, I'm a 4 step kinda girl, so that extra 5th step throws me off a little. 

Every bagel I have ever tried here has been delicious! I wouldn't recommend the Bagel Poppers, after about 3 of them you start to feel like a damp sponge that has be left outside on a very humid day...not good. Don't get their hot chocolate unless you like the super sweet milky tasting coco - I prefer a stronger/bitter chocolate.

This location is always packed, but I have never had bad service - and I am a fan!
I have not been in for a while - what a shock!  The place is dirty, the folks working there can't say hello, turn away when you are at the counter.  Only coffee is decaf and some vanilla flavor, milk & half and half are empty, no sugar, counter is filthy.  Are you serious about selling those black bananas?
This is my favorite breakfast/brunch spot. Fresh bagels and different types of cream cheese.

They even have Bagel Thins for those who are cutting their carbs. 

You don't pay the person who took you order, but move down the line to pay for your food.

Their iced coffee are a great deal!! It's a 20oz cup for less than $3!
Every week I would have a coffee here before teaching class.  The staff are super friendly and helpful.   The restaurant is always immaculate and has a great environment for getting work done or socializing.
My coworker went here (the one in ASU Memorial Union)  for breakfast sometimes, so I decided to try it out too. I purchased a coffee and a brownie, the lady told me that she needed to check in the kitchen. Later on another guy came out and brought a brownie to me, he was telling to the lady that "this is the last one from......." The lady disrupted him immediately and quickly took my credit card. When she was making the coffee for me, she was talking to another lady in Spanish in front of me, saying that the brownie was a left over one and the guy was talking loudly, and how he should have not do so in front a customer....The whole mumble brought me doubts to this place. I don't know what left over food they would give to me or any customer again.
I have lunch here nearly every Tuesday. The staff are always friendly and Einsteins always has good food. It's a great place to meet people and talk. The patio is great, except in really hot or humid weather, which doesn't happen often (gotta love AZ weather!).
Service is slow and taste is inconsistent... They're always crowded and have a hard time finding my order...
Great place to eat if you're in the mood for a hot sandwich. I ordered the pastrami hot sandwich. The sauce and sauerkraut were awesome, and the bread was beautifully grilled. There was a ton of pastrami too - I wish they actually gave a little more bread for the sandwich.

It's self service - you order at the counter, pay, then pick up your food. All in all, highly recommended for a casual lunch bite, although fairly pricey for what you get (everything in Vegas is pricey).
I was in the mood for a simple turkey and cheddar sandwich on wheat and this place provided what I wanted for the most part.  The guy helping me was very accommodating.  I alwayz ask for extra lettuce which I know can be a pain in the ass.  My only two complaints about this place were that their wheat bread wasn't very good and they gave me my meal in a to go container when I asked to eat it in the food court.  Otherwise, a great place to get a simple sandwich when you want something quick at the Venetian.
This is the place you go inside the luxurious Venetian Hotel on the Las Vegas strip when you are:

1. Broke after losing all of your money gambling
2. Don't want to spend $50/person for lunch in a finer Venetian Restaurant
3. Want a sandwich that costs less than $10
4. In a hurry
5. Want a snack before you get into your car in the parking lot
6. Is the last money you will lay down in Sin City before you leave
7. All of the above

The Rialto Deli is inside the Food Court on the main floor of the Venetian Hotel, near the escalators going up to the parking lots.

So it makes sense that you stop here for a cheap bite before you leave Sin City.

You know, all of those beautiful luxury hotels, like the Venetian, with all of their Glitz, Glam, and Amenities weren't built off the "Winnings" of the visiting gamblers. 

Nope. 

To support that type of Luxury found on the Strip, you need a lot of losers willing to give it up, over and over again.
Good sandwiches. Particularly, the pastrami, corned beef, and beef/cheddar. We always make a stop or two here, when we're in town. Been coming here for 5 years now and sure will come back next time.
Nothing special about this place except that it's located in the Venetian.  My wife and I were hungry and wanted a quick sandwich to eat before heading to the pool.  The price was right, I believe around 7 bucks for a chicken sandwich, but the sandwich was TINY.  Not much bread at all, which is what I was wanting to absorb the alcohol that was about to be coming.

Sweet and simple review.  I would rather pay 15 for a pastrami sandwich from Canters for sure.  Our next time in Vegas this will be a vague memory.  And if something isn't worth trying again, it sure as hell doesn't get more than 3 stars from me!
This place is a quick convenient place inside the Venetian because we were pressed for time before heading out. The workers here are amazingly nice and fun to talk to. RICKY.... omg ask for him or at least request him to make your sandwiches for you. He quickly became friends with our group and made us hugeeeeeee sandwiches. I couldn't even finish half of it, that's how big it was. Most def come here only if Ricky is working. =)
I had the something mesquite chicken, it was sooooo gooood!!!!! one of the best sandwichhh, like real shit hahah
my friend had the chicken salad sandwich, n nuh uh, not that great, it was blandddd, only give them 4 stars cuz the mesquite chicken sandwich was THAT GOOD.
their chicken noodle soup was really good as well n came with toated bagels pieces? that was good too

PRO: 
MESQUITE CHICKEN SANDWICH! thats it.

i would definitely go back for something small and fast if i didnt want mcd
I've eaten here a couple times, and it was decent. My last experience left me a little cold as was the manner in which my pastrami was served to me. As a good Jew, I don't take kindly to cold pastrami, but the staff told me it was too late to heat it. Also, the sandwich seemed to be comprised of leftover pastrami bits - like trim. It didn't taste terrible, but was a bit odd. The matzo ball soup is pretty good. For a safer pastrami fix head to Towers Deli in the Canal Shoppes.
Matzo Ball Soup FTW! I was so glad that this deli offered 3 different types of soup for all under $4. I chose the matzo ball soup and it reminded me of a light ramen soup that was light on the salt. My taste buds were thankful for the light flavor and did not over power the palette. Great hangover cure.
Delicious sandwiches! Go for the Pastrami Reuben!!! That one is absolutely the best one of the ones we tried (and we ate here twice in two days!) Cheap and quick meal and very convenient if you are staying in the Venezia Tower. Go here for those in between meals and snacks between gambling, clubbing and eating at the fancier spots!
Located in the food court on the casino floor of the Venetian is the Rialto Deli.  I paid it a visit because I wanted to use my 20% off ACG coupon.  I ordered a french dip sandwich, onion rings, and a drink.  It came to about $11.  

The french dip was average portion, but tasteless.  The au jus was tasteless.  A small container of cole slaw was very good.  The onion rings were very tasty and a large portion.

Two stars is all I can give it because of the lackluster sandwich, but you could certainly do worse.
Another average option at the Venetian food court.

Various sandwich options with different breads to select from.

I went eeeeennn on the Pastrami Sandwich ($8.95) that comes with coleslaw.  

Average sandwich, not good, not bad, just ok. Decent price point and amount of meat, especially for The Begas.
Located in the Venetian food court, food is cheap and average tasting. Had the French dip sandwich and a Pepsi for $11.  The beef was okay but a bit tough. They did give lots of sauce for dipping.  Worth going to, when there's a wait at the Grand Lux Cafe.
My boyfriend ordered the Italian Stallion as a morning snack. Good choice !! The sandwich was a good size, light, very flavorful and cole slaw comes on the side with it. I'd come back again for the sandwich if I were staying at the Venetian.
It's all about the potatoes!  Yea, I've gotten other things - but in the end it is ALL about the baked potatoes.  Their Pollo Mexicano, with chicken cheese, pico de gallo and sour cream on a potato is SO good.  And the potato covered in pulled BBQ meat (think it's pork, but can't remember for sure, could be beef) and cheese is SO good.  Yea, these aren't as good for you as some of their other baked potato options, but MAN are they good!  And the potatoes are huge.  And most of these are less than $6 - and you can generally even make this a 2 meal lunch.  Talk about a bargain.  

Their toasted Po'Boys are pretty good too.  And they have some good "light" options as well.  They don't even taste TOO terribly "light".  And their kids menu is pretty decent too if I remember.  I haven't brought a child here to be able to get their opinion on it, but I'm guessing based on their other stuff that it has to be pretty good.  

So while I can most likely recommend anything there - to me, it's all about the 'taters.
Jason's Deli is a great place to go before a movie at Shea 14. They have a ton of delicious options so it's a great place to go with a group. They mostly sell a variety of sandwiches, salads, HUGE potatoes, desserts, and much more. Now back to those potatoes I think they may be chemically altered, but they taste great. If you are really hungry get one, but they are big enough to share. I stick to the Plain Jane potato which comes with butter, sour cream, bacon, and chives. Another great thing about Jason's Deli is the free frozen yogurt. Yup after your meal enjoy some fro-yo on them! What more could I ask for!
I live very close to Jason's Deli. For a long time, I ate there at least once a week. Last time I visited Jason's Deli, I ordered a chicken salad wrap with tomato and found a metal staple in my food. I have not been back since...
We ordered lunch for delivery from here today.  I had never, ever had a reuben in my life.  Never had sauerkraut, either!  A guy at work yesterday had a reuben and I just had to try it.
Deliver took forever.  I mean FOR-EVER!  
Sandwich was ok, if a bit soggy (could be from being wrapped so long during the delivery).  I was disappointed at the flavor, though.  Not much at all!
My co-workers had salads, and I wish I had gotten one, too.
It was an OK lunch, but I probably won't eat there again.
If, like me, you have recurring  dreams about eating nothing but cake cones filled just to the rim with vanilla soft serve ice cream, Jason's Deli is your Mecca.  Buy a sandwich, throw it away and welcome yourself to vanilla cake cone heaven. Every meal @ Jason's Deli comes with all you can eat soft serve ice cream.  If you have no money or morals, you can just skip the buying a sandwich part and cut straight to the ice cream.

Other than the ice cream, Jason's Deli has some effing awesome tortilla soup.  I've only tried one sandwich there, and it was pretty good. Wish I could remember what it's called...
I used to not like this place, but I read they changed everything. The Now use these amazing organic cibatta rolls and have removed the High Fructose corn syrup from everything!!! The also are the first restaurant to take it upon themselves to remove trans fat form 100% of everything sold there!. The Royal with light mustard is super good and I usually just switch any of the sandwiches for turkey and ham if I only like the toppings. 

It has totally improved and I come here often now. Oh and I read a review that said you get Soft serve with any meal? Is that true? Why did I not know that?

I would give them an extra star but they have a lesbian that works there that is thinner than me, jk ....but there is
I was soo dissapointed with this place. I was hoping that it was going to be a New York style deli like Chompies, but it was more like hospital cafeteria food. For a deli they don't even have good bread choices. I asked for 9 grain and I got this crappy faux weat bread, you know the weat bread that is brown but basically just white bread with no nutritional value. Then the mayo they used on my sandwich was nasty, and I asked for rosted red peppers and they gave me this weird pepper oil spread instead. My side was a handful of crappy potato chips, there were no other options. :(
The side was My sister got the salad bar and while she kind of liked it, I thought it sucked. The only fruit they had was covered in fatty yogurt and cake! 
I would never go back to this place again, it's just overpriced cafeteria food. Oh and the manager starred at me and my sis the whole time, it was awkward!
They have free soft serve ice cream with your meal!  That alone gives this place 3 stars. 

I've only been here a couple of times and it's growing on me. My boyfriend is a huge sandwich person and I am not but I decided to give in since he was buying lunch. The first time I came here I decided to be anti-sandwich and got the chicken alfredo. It was a huge serving and it was ok, but not great. 

The next time I came here was for a team lunch (yay, my company was paying), and this time I got half a Bird to the Wise sandwich (it's a warm sandwich, which I prefer) and a cup of broccoli and cheddar soup. I loved both. However, I had to tell the boyfriend that I just liked both, "You know, it was ok, whatever," because he would find it necessary to drag me here all the time.
I like Jason's Deli. I'm not real picky but I just don't understand why this place doesn't have better reviews.  I love their salad bar because it is simple yet always super fresh with a good amount of dressing options.  Their sandwichs have always impressed me and the soups are great and made fresh everyday.  They are a no trans fat place and most of their stuff is organic.  I think its great but maybe I just suck. Who knows.
Why did I love this place so much?
+ Free softserve icecream
+ Loads of organic produce and bread
+ No high fructose corn syrup (unless you get a soda)
+ Excellent spicey tortilla soup
+ Quick, healthy and delicious
+ My bf got the potatoe and I couldn't believe the monster! It was 4 lbs!

It sounds like this place has improved since earlier reviews. I would go back anytime for lunch, it was great. And kids eat free on Sunday's (so avoid it like the plauge and go another day ;)
Great diner/sandwich joint.  Love their selections of soups.  You can also eat outside.  Lines can be long during lunch hours thought but I think it's worth the wait.  Probably best Deli option in N. Scottsdale.
So it seems  that I just went to a really bad, ghetto Jason's Deli. I recently went to the Mesa location and it was really good. I loved the salad bar and that they had so many healthy options, I was very pleasantly surprised! And their multi-grain crackers are awesome.

On an unhealthier note the giant baked potatoes are crazy but soo good!
Great place, great food, great location.  

I ended up with the salad bar and was very impressed with the offerings and the quality of them.  Huge salad bar, well stocked, clean and easy to use.  

Over all it was a great experience.  I would go back.
This particular Jason's Deli is a dud. Normally I enjoy Jason's Deli, but when I ordered my favorite sandwich here I noticed several things were subbed out for (cheaper?) alternatives.. for instance, instead of pico, I got a small cup of much more basic salsa (it was not very good). 

When I asked them about it (I thought they might have just grabbed the wrong sauce), they mentioned something about it being a "corporate" store to explain the differences.  In any case, I recommend avoiding this particular location if possible!
After getting rained out at the Arabian Horse show at Westworld, I was very very hungry.   I was going to eat at the horse show, but since it was so muddy and wet, I didn't stay as long as I had anticipated.

After leaving the show, I drove down scottsdale road debating what I should eat.  Something filling, not fast food, that wasn't going to drain my pocketbook.  I then spotted Jasons Deli and immediately pulled in! I've been to their locations before.  I used to frequent the location in Awatukee, but have yet to have been to this one before.

The menus for them are all the same (obviously) at all their locations.  You order at the counter, pay, and then they bring the food out to you.

I got the half sandwich with a salad.  Gigantic sanwiches, and salad was self serve from the salad bar.  I had wanted a Cesar Salad, and the guy told me I could make it myself at the bar, but when I went to the salad bar, there wasn't any Cesar Salad stuff!  BUMMER!  Thats okay, I survived with minimal crying involved.

Food here is good, ordering is a bit awkward for me though.  Prices are steep, but considering how much food you get, I guess the value is there.  I love a good deli sandwich, and this place seemed to hit the spot.

Not a true authentic deli, but good enough when you need some hearty food.  I would return again in a heartbeat.
I have been to Jason's Deli several times. I want to rave about their Bowl of Red Beans & Rice spiked with chunks of sausage for $3.59 that fills me up. And don't forget the free all you can eat garlic bread slices. This meal has been consistently outstanding since I have had it the last 3 times I have been there.

 A great place to have a leisurely meal. A typical meal with a drink is in the $6-$10 range. I have enjoyed their sandwiches as well on past trips. And who can forget the free soft serve ice cream to cool down your mouth after inhaling the spicy Red Beans & Rice.
I eat here about once a week, but usually get take-out. I'm in love with their cheese broccoli soup. I have it so much that I should probably start looking for a 12-step program. I usually walk in, order, and walk out with my food in just 2-3 minutes. I haven't tried the sandwiches or salads at this particular location, but elsewhere I've really enjoyed them. The food here won't blow your mind, but it's quality stuff and hard to top given the price, speed, and convenience.
I've been to Jason's deli twice and its become one of my favorite places to eat for lunch. My personal favorite is the Sante Fe Chicken sandwich; I love the guacamole mixed with the bacon and chicken breast. I also like how they have complimentary soft serve ice cream as well.
I joined @rscottjones for lunch at @JasonsDeli.

I had the quarter-muff DEAL. (Quarter muffaletta, and I opted for the seafood gumbo)

If what I had constitutes a quarter of a full sandwich, I could feed my family on one muffaletta; it was HUGE! Definitely enough to satisfy me, and an especially great combination with the gumbo.

The gentleman at the counter warned me that the gumbo was very spicy. While there was a bit of a bite, it was certainly not as much as he led me to believe, which was actually a little bit of a disappointment. (I love it hot!)

A delicious, and pretty quick, lunch.

Bonus; free softserve ice cream!

I'll be back, as it's close to work.
This place has consistently good food on EVERY visit. Lots of choices and really fast service! Lucky to have this so close to work. Check the soup and sandwich combo. Salad bar rocks too.
Their good was good. Service was better. I work in DC Ranch and we picked up a to-go order for 10+ ppl. One sandwich was left out of the bag when we went over the order. They had someone drive from Scottsdale/Shea to DC Ranch to deliver that one sandwich and took it off the bill. Very nice! Thanks!!
THEY DELIVER!!
I can't tell you how much i love this quality.  Lets face it, there are days when you don't wanna get your lazy but up to get something to eat when you are out of groceries or sometimes you are so swamped with homework that you can't afford to take a break to step out for something- these guys are prompt.  You can order online and they never take too long.  I love getting their sandwiches or soups and they have an awesome selection of baked potatoes.  It's not too pricey either which is fantastic.  Every time I order from them my food is still hot and always delicious.  Thumbs Up!
Terrible!  I ordered a HUGE order an they forgot two things. That's ok i guess but when I called to inform them that my food is missing, the manager  Cheri argued with me as if I was lying!  She kept telling me she knows its in the bag and i need to checkthe bag  i was appauled  ive been the gm of prestigious restaurants an i grew up running my dads sandwich shops (he owns 12 so i would say i know what im talking about!)The right thing to do is to live by "the customers always right" in that industry. The best part is, I found out that it was her fault. Yes, she put it in A bag. But she never gave that bag to the driver. She should have comped the sale because our food was ordered as an office to eat together and guess who ate alone?! ME!!  I see why they are closing locations in other cities!!!!  I do want to say thatthe driver was AMAZING!!!!  Thanks to him I am happier.

I bumped it up a star only because someone named Allison called and she apologized for the mess up. Thata nice and all, but mess ups happen thy is not a problem. Happens everyday inthe food industry. The one star and bad review was given because of the manager Cheri arguing with me as if I was making up the fact that my lunch was notbi n the bag. No one called to apologize for one her arguing rather than apologizing and getting my lunch to me asap and to apologizing because she was wrong about it being in the bag because she left it on the delivery shelf!  So Allison, thanks for trying.
All of the times we've eaten are peak hours yet I've always gotten the order I wanted in a timely manner.   So far not found anything that sets it apart from any other deli of the time but it's consistent and good value for money
I was working in the area and craving a healthy salad for lunch. My usual love affair salad place was too far so my colleague and I decided to try Jason's Deli. He'd gone there for sandwiches many times and never tried the salad bar. For about $7.50 after tax you can get a pretty good selection of veggies, dressings, even a few pre-made pasta salad options. They also have crackers and mini muffins. The salad area seemed clean and well stocked. There were enough tables to sit, even during the lunch rush.
When getting lunch to go they aways have good food and a large portion, too large usually so I have to share. would like them to not charge for delivery since we are across the street and always tip the driver. we would go more often if there was better prices with less food for those of us who dont eat 1000 calories a meal
So your going to Scottsdale via Paradise Valley....or your coming from Scottsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you don't want the usual...then look no further than Jason's Deli. I was in that situation on Friday night and decided to give this locale a try....and I must say I was not disappointed. I had the Smokey Jack Panini with Smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone cheese....lettuce...tomato....bacon on the side which I gave to my wife....LOL...since I don't eat red meat....and Russian dressing. However sandwich was made to order and pressed perfectly on the grill....and the flavor was outstanding. They give you a pickle and homemade potato chips on the side....and I also had some lemonade which comes from a fountain with free refills. 

I almost missed out on the free Ice Cream....but I seen people walking around with cones of Ice Cream and I had my wife ask was it free. Indeed it was and we both enjoyed a nice Ice Cream cone....mine was chocolate vanilla swirl...and you can also get it in a cup as well. The service was great and the whole place had a real nice neighborhood feel to it.....I look forward to returning here very soon. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
They will get your order wrong about 50% of the time.
I'd heard about Jason's Deli for a while, and never had a chance to try it.  I was in the vicinity though, and finally took the time to stop in for lunch.  It was right at high noon, and I never expected the number of people that were coming and going. That said, it was very efficient - everyone knew what they were doing, and they handled the crowd very smoothly.

As this was my first time through, and not having looked at a menu before hand, I was overwhelmed by the number of choices.  I ordered a basic sub, found a seat, and waited for it to be brought to my table.  There wasn't a long wait, and despite the size and bustle of the place, the order was promptly brought to my table. The sandwich was great, reasonably priced, and filling.

I was amazed at the number of people that they were able to serve, without it ever seeming to be as busy as it was. Next time, I will go when it is not quite as crowded, so I can study the menu, and try some other menu choices - especially their soup, gumbo, and red beans and rice.  

And yes, there is soft ice cream, so that alone will keep me coming back.
I love this place... I wish i could make it there more often! Turkey club is my favorite :)
I like this place for dinner.  Seems most come to pick up take-out so in my experience it's not usually all that busy at dinner time.  Service is generally good, although sometimes they seem to have a problem keeping tables cleared.  

Love their Nutsy Mixed-Up Salad w/ Chicken - yummmmo!  The only problem is I like it so much I almost never order anything else here.  And a full salad makes 2 meals for me.   Get a go-box and I'm ready for lunch the next day.

They have a nice salad bar that is generally well-stocked and fresh if you are a salad bar lover.  

Free soft serve ice cream is realllllly soft but such a nice cool treat to finish off your meal.

5/14/14 - Returned after a long absence, hubby was disappointed last visit to learn that the Jersey Joe sandwich has been discontinued.  Anyway, we dropped in again this week for dinner and found a pleasant remodeled surprise.  This location has been redecorated, updated and modernized.  I like the new B&W local photography, very nice changes.  Menu seems pretty much the same and consistent.  I still like topping off my meal with a free soft-serve cone - no matter how full I am.  Yes, it's still really soft so eat fast or wear it.
I've been here a couple of times and liked it a lot!  The service was extemely good and the variety was good also.  I had a sandwich both times I came with the salad bar and everything was very fresh.  The food is affordable and delicious!  For a deli-like atmosphere this is as good as it gets!
The only place in town to get an authentic New Orleans Muffalata.  Yum! Although the red beans and rice are not as good as my grandma's.  I use Jason's deli for business catering too and they never disappoint.
Honestly, I am not a big fan of big bread type meals. I did find the pesto chicken panini a rather tastey item. I liked that it wasn't slathered in mayo and that the pesto is light and not too oily. The chicken is generally tender and the toasting doesn't turn the bread into a hockey puck. Overall, a nice place to nosh at once in a while.
J and I have gone to this location now twice in the last week (having usually gone to the Ray location).  Our birthing classes started last Thursday night and we decided to head to Jason's for dinner before class last week.  We decided to go back again yesterday evening before class. 

HUGE potatoes.  Big enough that we split it.  I get a 1 trip salad bowl and J got a half sandwich.  Word to the wise though on the potatoes.  Ask for the toppings, if you're getting a Plane Jane, on the side.  They load it up with butter, cheese, and sour cream.  We ordered all of our stuff on the side last night. 

Friendly and helpful staff.  Not sure if we'll be going back next Thursday or not before class again.  But I'm pretty sure that we will.  

Oh and did I mention the free yogurt?!  Add a little granola and some dried fruit on top....YUM!!   :)
Okay after reading all the fantastic reviews I feel I must have had a bad experience, or maybe the "normal sandwiches" are waaaaay better than the wraps. Put in a delivery order for multiple people.  I have to admit the salad looked good but the 4 people who got wraps????!  Firstly when I took them ou of the bag I thought they messed up and gave us half instead of wholes. But no, it w just that they cut them in half and wrap them one on top of other. The fact that each half was a meat 1/4" thick did not help either. They were flat (like fold a tortilla into thirds flat) not round rolls filled with nummy filling. Even if 90% of the filling was veg I would have been happy but that one leaf of lettuce just did not have the oomph to hold the wrapper up.  So sad since they actually do deliver, guess I just have to go back to take away
If I could give this place zero stars, I would.  I've eaten Jason's for before and it's generally good.  I've even ordered food for delivery, despite the exhorbitant delivery charge and the fact that you have to order at least $20 worth of food to get it delivered.  Tonight though, I was craving something healthy and it occurred to me to order from Jason's again.  The website is kind of difficult to navigate and I found myself having to order things I didn't really want to meet the $20 minimum (a way, I think, to make money...if you want delivery, you're going to pay!).  My delivery got delayed because it took me more than fifteen minutes to figure out how to order my $20 with of food.. And was supposed to be delivered between 7:30 and 8:00PM.  At 7:24, I get a call from the store saying they're all booked up for the rest of the night so they can't take my order... Huh?  They're booked up... For delivery?  What?  Are they Houston's or some other snooty restaurant?  So, what?  If I'd have walked on to order at the counter, would they turn me away because they were "all booked up"?  Their excuse was that they only have one driver on Sunday's and their orders are backed up.  And that's my fault because why?  To me, that's horrible customer service.  It's unacceptable, especially when I was forced to order $20 worth of food and they charged me a five dollar delivery fee and then, I had to tip the delivery person.  In total, a simple meal of a sandwich and some soup was going to cost me thirty dollars.  Highway robbery if you ask me...  And poor service to boot.   Not a chance in hell I will ever order from here again...
I haven't been here for at least a year. We (my wife and I) were coming pretty regularly back then and it just starting going downhill. The music changed, the staff was just weird and the place was becoming progressively dirty. So adios, we were out of there.  
About a week ago, we were in the neighborhood and decided to give it another try... and we were very pleasantly surprised. The place place was very clean, music was suitable for the environment and the staff was perky, informative and attentive. It is obvious this place had some major changes happen and all for the better. I highly recommend this location and hope they can maintain the changes and momentum, because there are not a lot of places I like to eat. 
Only criticism I could provide is the pasta salads seemed to have too much oil dressing. Keep up the good work, nice to see a place stepping it up for a change.
They are SUPER SUPER nice and friendly here!!! Oh my!! They are so attentive and efficient, so our meals were prepared super fast!!

You guys are awesome at Jason's Deli, and we left satisfied and healthy after consuming our meals!!! :) 

Thanks a bunches!!
I like Jason's Deli.  I get the half sandwich/salad bar combo (I'm more of a soup person usually, but I have really not liked any of the soups I have tried here), which is nice because while I'm waiting for them to make my sandwich I can run through the salad bar.  It's usually pretty neat and presentable - and I like the little garlic toasts and variety of crackers and things at the end that are available to everyone, not just people who get the salad bar.  

Only three stars because sometimes they forget an ingredient on whatever sandwich I order.
Solid deli.  Nice people, food is good not great.
I made my way from Old Towne to this location to get to-go and it was ready for me in under 10 minutes.  Nice!!  The food is nutritious and fresh so worth the extra time to pick it up.  Great customer service at every location I've tried so far.
I love this place. It is my favorite place to get salad bar. They have offerings that you won't find anywhere else, such as artichoke hearts and walnuts. The soft-serve ice cream is excellent, the soups are very good. I have not had a sandwich, but i am sure they are good. Service is friendly. If you ask for a 'one-pass' salad bar you will save a dollar!
Hubby's family is from New Orleans, so we're always on the prowl to find any place OUTSIDE of the Crescent City who can at least replicate some our fave NOLA foods. To that end, when we visited Hubby's aunt (born and raised in NOLA), she made it her mission to find a place in Scottdale/Phoenix that served something close to what they could get in the South. For some reason, she fixated on muffalettas, which Hubby LOVES...he ALWAYS stops at Central Market to get his fave there every time he visits the kin back in NOLA. But I digress...

This lunch was all about the muffaletta (which, sadly, I don't like because I don't like olives and that necessary olive mix concoction that is a key component of any muffaletta). So, Hubby, aunt, and uncle all ordered the 1/2 muffaletta and cup of spicy seafood gumbo. Happily, they all declared it a success! Yay for them (to their credit, Jason's Deli has a ton of sandwich options, and I thoroughly enjoyed my turkey/ham croissant sandwich). The 1/2 muffaletta was HUGE (a lot was boxed up to eat later!), and was a bit different because they toasted the bread, but it was still delicious, and aunt liked that the olive mix wasn't as oily as it is in NOLA. Oh, and the gumbo got the thumbs up as well (even though Hubby's mom makes some kick-ass gumbos, so it couldn't quite match up, but was deemed very close).

Sadly, there are no Jason's Delis here in Sacramento :( However, as our aunt/uncle had never been to Jason's prior to our visit, it seems like they have found themselves a new place to eat! :)
We're always ordering food from here for our lunch meetings and i believe Jason's does an nice, A-OK job.

This review is for the catering side, since I've never set foot in the restaurant. We normally order two or three trays of food. They usually include two huge two pound bags of chips. Ruffles I believe. 

We also get a mixed twelve case of pop.  Their trays have a mixture of breads (rye, white and whole wheat) and meats (roast beef, turkey breast and ham).   Jason also throws in some napkins, condiments and kosher pickles. 

It's all good, with very little left over. So if you are planning an office meeting, I would consider Jason's Deli.
On a rare day off for both myself and my wife, we decided to try and find someplace we'd never been for lunch. Sandwiches are always a popular choice, but we have tried so many sandwich places, we weren't sure where to go. 

We didn't really even need to consult Yelp this time, as there are so many different eateries on every corner in Scottsdale, all we had to do was drive around until we found one that sparked our interests. On this day, it was Jason's Deli.

When we walked in, we were surprised at how big this place was. I mean, the counter alone was about as long as one of the meat counters you'd find at a supermarket deli counter. Very impressive. Under the glass, you'll find all of the available meats and vegetables, as well as the wide array of fruits they offer.

The menu is pretty typical of what you'd find at your typical deli. Different styles of sandwiches and wraps, offered with different meats and veggies, as well as fruits, salads, and drinks. But for us, what caught our eye was the "Local Favorites" section. If you're new to this place (like we were), and you're not one to stand in line forever and try to figure out what you want, this might be a great place for you start your search. If you don't see exactly what you want on this list, it will at least give you a nice jumping off point for something that sounds good to you.

On this day, we saw the turkey wrap on the Local Favorites board. We both agreed that it sounded delicious, and we were definitely right. For both wraps, we paid $18. The wraps came with a refillable fountain drink, fresh fruit, and a delicious yogurt dip for said fruit.

We wanted to sit on the patio, but being that it was completely shaded at mid day, there was no seating to be had. So, we ended up sitting at one of at least three dozen available seats inside. Sitting inside wasn't bad, though. There are several televisions in the background, and you're only a few steps away from the salad bar. Oh yeah...did I mention that they have a salad bar? Because they totally do.
Terrible.  They stuck a small toothpick sideways hidden in sandwich. Lucky I didn't choke. Their cheese is left out so when they put in a salad its hard. The old owner ran that place like clockwork. This place is run like a broken watch. If I could give no stars I would.
My friend recommended we stop here for our lunch date because she used to come a lot and really liked it.  The menu had lots of variety which was nice, only downside being it was hard to pick just one thing instead of all the ones that looked good.  I decided on the Club Royale because it sounded good and they had a sign up saying it was one of the top customer picks.  My friend went with the Santa Fe Chicken because she'd had it before and really liked it.  I asked if I could have fruit with the sandwich instead of chips and they told me I could but that it would be another $1.59.  That seemed kind of dumb seeing as several of the sandwiches gave the option of chips or fruit for the same price and really I don't see 4 strawberries and 5 pieces of cantaloupe costing $1.59 more than some Ruffles.

The food came out pretty quickly which was good because I was hungry.  I really liked the toasted croissant that my sandwich came on, it added a nice texture and flavor.  There was a ton of meat too, they definitely don't skimp on that which is a good thing.  Overall I liked my sandwich but I wouldn't say it was anything to write home about.  My friend's sandwich however had some issues.  According to her the sandwich used to come with just a regular chicken breast cut in half and served on the bread.  This time it was kind of cut up in chunks and had a strange taste and texture.  The best thing we could come up with was that it tasted like canned chicken.  It had the texture of canned tuna, kind of chalky, really strange.  She couldn't make it through both halves and even asked one of the workers about it to see if that was normal.  He swore it wasn't canned chicken but I've never had chicken cooked any other way that tasted or felt the way this chicken did.

I do like that you get free soft serve at the end of the meal, it was the perfect little refreshing treat on the way out.  I'll definitely try Jason's again, I just won't be ordering anything with chicken in it.
I have had a few good meals from Jason's Deli, but I decided to try the Chicken Chef Salad this time. 

It was so bland! There were only 4 very small slices of avocado, iceberg lettuce (wasn't expecting that), too much cheese, and poorly seasoned chicken. I have had better salads at Wendy's. I definitely won't be ordering this item again.
I found the staff at this Jason's Deli to be extremely friendly.  I loved the fact that they stopped by the table to check on my dining experience and to remind me that there is free ice cream for the taking at the end of my meal.  I don't recall the staff being this friendly at other locations I've visited.  

Staff aside, it's your typical deli fare.  I don't find anything particularly amazing about the selection of soups and sandwiches.  Though the salad bar is nice, I'm not particularly fond of those.  I prefer minimal human interaction with the raw components of my meal.
While this is an older location, they offer a patio (with strong misters) and ample parking.  It's not a bad place to stop for a quick bite to eat.
I attended a lunch event today that was catered by Jason's Deli. I was pleasantly surprised that they had a gluten-free lunch box for me. It had a turkey sandwich on gluten-free bread  and the bread was good! The chips and pickle were of course gluten free too. I'm pretty sure the craisin-oatmeal cookie was not gluten-free but it was good. (I'm sensitive to gluten but I don't have Celiac, and the lunch came with a warning that the deli's kitchen is not gluten-free and cross contamination is likely.)
Been coming to Jason's since they had a location across the street from PV Mall back in the early 90's. Their restaurants are always pretty decent and the food is tasty good. This location on Shea appears to have had a remodel since we were here last time and the inside looks really nice.

The menu has changed a bit over the years and is smaller than I remember. They used to have a larger selection of stuffed potatoes and now only have a few. My favorite was a smokey BBQ Beef stuffed potato with tons of other goodies. I think you could even build your own at one time.

The wife and I usually go with the famous New Orleans 9" FULL size Ham and Salami Muffaletta. It is hard to resist some additional Olive spread on the side and a little hot sauce to kick things up a notch. The sandwich is giant and we normally have a good portion to bring home for a snack later.

There are plenty of other options that are also fresh and tasty. Cool all you can eat Salad Bar to indulge yourself. Yummy Soups, maybe a bowl of Chili, as well as Wraps and Pasta if you desire. They also have a nice Kid's menu with the typical favorites for the little ones.

Friendly service and a casually comfortable eating area. Catering and Delivery also available. Don't forget to enjoy some FREE soft serve Ice Cream with a squirt of dark chocolate syrup before you leave. SCORE!
This is my favorite lunch place. I get the all you can eat salad bar and it's delicious.
Amazing Beef Stew and Reuben Sandwich! Love the remodel and the very profession service. Glad to be back Jason Deli!
Jason's Di is pretty good, their sandwiches are average. I haven't found one that I crave and have to keep coming back for. I do love that they have a nice fresh fruit bowl that actually has good fruit in it and isn't filled with cheap musk melon fillers and the best part is the dip it includes is amazing. I would come back here frequently just for the dip. I'm sure it's not healthy and takes away any benefits if the fruit but oh well. I also love that they have a frozen yogurt machine that you can help yourself to
This is a great little sandwich/soup/wrap shop!  They have lots of genuinely healthy options, a variety of vegetarian choices, really nice fruit, a nice salad bar, and yummy all-you-can-eat frozen yogurt.  It's definitely affordale, and the service tends to be really friendly and quick even when busy.
This is probably one of my favorite "fast food" places ... Lots of organic choices , I believe the salad bar is gluten free. Everything is fresh and pretty healthy if your looking for fast healthy lunch option. I've had a few wraps , all good. The soups are delish :) .. And love the salad bar ! 
  I always get the Manager special 1/2 sandwich with fruit instead of chips and side salad (which is full access to salad bar) and I'm absolutely stuffed ! You can also go back to salad bar as much as you want . Then you get free soft serve yogurt for dessert ! And to top that off they will give u a to go cup for your soda if u want !!
3.5 Stars*

We had Jason's Deli catered at a work luncheon and I was very impressed with the food. We had a fruit platter, a sandwich tray, and a salad. It was really good, so I decided to try Jason's Deli for lunch. I've been to the Shea location twice now. The first time, I ordered to-go at the counter. They were quick to take my order and had it out to me within 10-15 minutes. (I ordered the Zucchini Grillini - roasted zucchini, muenster, spinach, red onions, tomatoes, olives, red pepper hummus all toasted on whole grain bread. Super delicious! Sandwiches come with a side of chips, fresh fruit, or steamed veggies.) 

The second time, I called in an order for pick-up. (One chicken Caesar salad, one nutty mixed-up salad, and a Zucchini Grillini with a cup of soup.) They said it would be ready in 15 minutes, so I drove down to pick-up the meal. When I arrived, they weren't too busy but my order was not ready. I paid for my food and waited. And waited. And waited some more. Several other customers came in, ordered to go and left before my food was ready. After this happened twice, I asked one of the employees where my food was. It hadn't even been started! Finally, thirty (30!) minutes after paying they said my food should be ready shortly. I waited another 10 minutes before I finally received my food. Needless to say, I was very upset . Food was promised to be ready within 15 minutes of phone order, but wasn't actually ready until an hour later. They did give me some free cookies, and while that was nice, I really would have preferred to have my food ready when promised. (I can get very angry when I am hungry - the "hangry" phenomenon.)  Of the three employees I interacted with, only one of them apologized profusely (the employee actually making the sandwiches). That was appreciated as well.

While the food is delicious, I'm torn on returning. From my experience, orders that are placed at the counter to-go are made quickly but phone orders somehow get lost in the shuffle. The location isn't close enough that I can go frequently, so having to wait any extra amount of time pushes the limits of my lunch hour. 

*Food is definitely 4 star, but service/wait time is 3 stars. If I go again, this may tip the scales. We'll see!
I wasn't not impressed as not only did they NOT have Braunschweiger, they didn't even know what it was.
Came here on a whim with the wifey, 

She has been plenty of times, however this was my first. Driving by I thought this was another Jimmy John's but it is actually a casual sit down deli with a wide variety of options. 

I had the ruben which  was very tasty, and satisfied my ruben craving without having to caugh up 15 bucks at Chompies. Wife got the salad bar which had a TON of options to satisfy ones healthy needs....plus little cornbread bites

+++++ Free soft serve with every meal! 

I will be back for sure
Whoever Jason is... he's doing something right.

I stop in here for lunch every now and then and always enjoy my meal. The variety available of soups/salads/sandwiches is sure to please any palate. The wait staff is always friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is casual and the place is consistently clean! 

I really enjoy the salad bar with its assortment of organics, veggies and dressings.  However, during the lunch rush it feels more like a pack of wolves on a 3 legged cat trying to push through the line. I'm a little ashamed to admit I've almost thrown elbows to go for the last little bit of bacon in the bottom of the bowl on occasion.

Once you stuff yourself with greens you can help yourself to a FREE ice cream cone on the way out the door. Yes, FREE! The ice cream cone puts Jason's near the top of my lunch list!
Great salad bar with the option to self pay. They probably lose money with hungry salad bar patrons and the quality of items they have available. Cajun mix, hummus, fruit salad are some of the notable items.

I always get the salad bar, but I also like getting the excellent southwest chicken chili. The club is great too!

Never had anything I didn't love here.
Don't get me wrong I love me some Jason's Deli but I was hoping they got their act together since our last visit (dirty restrooms & dining area) to our surprise it is very clean/remodeled now! Yay! 

The salad bar is always awesome, fresh and a wide variety of veggies. 

Pro tip: use the self serve checkout thingy - soup and salad bar kiosk, skip the line of people getting sandwiches and such.  

Don't forget your free soft serve cone on your way out!
My experience with Philly cheese steaks has been limited, but I do recall fond memories whenever I get the chance to enjoy one of these babies.

Ordering the Philly Steak Special ($8.50 with green peppers, mushrooms, and choice of cheese), this is the only way I know how to enjoy a Philly cheese steak!  Generous portions for sure, I would have gone for more cheese though.  It was a toss up between the Pizza Steak ($7.50 with marinara and provolone) or the Philly Fanatic Steak ($8.50 with chili and all three cheeses) for the BF.  He ended up going for the latter after hearing the details of the pizza one.  This sandwich was overloaded with cheese and what a mess to eat!  Hearty indeed!

There's a bunch of toppings you can choose from with no extra charge - fried onions, raw onions, hot peppers, sweet peppers, pickles, ranch dressing, hot sauce, etc.  The onions they'll load into your sandwich for you, but all the other toppings come on the side for you to decorate as you see fit.

Their large sodas are humongous too!  Think 7-11 style!

It's a semi-fast food restaurant.  You go the counter, order your food and pay for it.  Help yourself to the drink station and take a seat.  They bring your sandwiches to you and there you go.  It was pretty slow that Saturday afternoon we went, with a handful of people coming in after us.  

Sidenote: There's a BOGO free with purchase of two large beverages coupon in the Supplement to the News coupon booklet.
I am not completely sure if Straight from Philly Steak Out is a chain or not, but it sure doesn't feel like it. The most random sports memorabilia hangs from the walls (definitely a man's idea of interior design) and the staff is all tough guy cooks and cashiers. This group might really be straight from Philly! Anyway, it is located within close proximity to the Galleria Mall, so after a day of shopping, I stumbled in to find a great chicken Philly. The menu really only offers hot or cold subs, but with a name like Straight from Philly, why would you even consider anything else? All sandwiches are made before your eyes, and with whatever you want or don't want to be included. If you are in the area, and looking for a good Philly, I suggest Straight from Philly Steak Out. Fogettaboutit. (Do they even say that in Philly?)

Recommended sub: Chicken Philly with onions and peppers, add mushrooms and swiss.

Recommended company: Somebody who can explain what all of the various jerseys hung randomly on the wall represent while you wait for your meal.
It's close to a meh but i'll upgrade it to a-ok.  My main reason for the upgrade is because once I ordered, I saw him pull out a huge slab of meat and cut it fresh for my order.  Props for that.

But I wasn't impressed with my philly cheese steak.  I got a provolone cheese steak with onions and hot and sweet peppers.  It wasn't hot at all.  Like, zero heat.  I need some heat in my philly!  And they were stingy with the cheese.

For $9, it was just alright.  I did eat the entire thing though.  I was really hungry.
I am not sure if this is the same place, I was there in 2001 and it was not a restaurant back then but more like a permenant stand!! I always got the fanatic philly with beef, chili and 3 cheeses. It is one of the best I've had, a definite toilet clogger.. a plus in my book 

2 thumbs up, and a bag of chips ..
I didn't realize Dilly's was a chain until I went to add my review to yelp. Dang! I though I had "discovered" this place! Ah well, the food still tastes as good. 

Dilly's bread is the bomb. Baked-before-your-eyes, this bread is the perfect combo of crusty outside and soft yummy goodness inside. The meat is Boar's Head and piled high. The soup is great, esp. the clam chowder, cream of broccoli and Wisconsin cheese. And even if it weren't, it's served in a bread bowl-- so who cares?
Oh, man, this place is the best and gives me a cream and richness induced stomach ache afterward every time.  But it's so worth it.  Bread is the best around.  Sandwiches are packed with deliciousness.  Soups are fantastic.  Salads are  super tasty.  I could eat here everyday if it wasn't for the all the diarrhea.
Give me a Dilly Bird on Focaccia with potato salad and a Coke and I won't have to eat the rest of the day. Portion sizes are generous but most importantly delicious.  Haven't had a bad sandwich yet and I've tried half the menu.  Salad's are for rabbits so I won't be reviewing those but the soups are absolutely delicious. Try it if your in the neighborhood, you will not be disappointed.
Bar none, one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Love the Dilly Club.  Portions are HUGE, almost enough for two, and the homemade bread is as good as it gets.

I've been bringing people from the office here, and they all unanimously agree that Dilly's has the best sandwiches they have ever had, no matter where they are from.

Its a little pricey for a sandwich shop- most combos are just under $10.00, with a drink and a side, which seems a bit steep, but oh so worth it!

Once you go Dilly's, you'll never go back to Subway!
My favorite sandwich shop, hands down.  Their half soup (in a bread bowl I might add) and half sandwich combos make the perfect lunch.  I've been diggin the Southwestern Club with Potato soup lately, although you can't go wrong with the Dilly Bird, Blazin Buffalo Chicken, or hot Roast Beef.  There's another place called Bison Wiches that serves similar sandwiches, but I'm staying loyal to Dilly's!  I've been eating there since my ASU days...
I had the Humdinger with a cup of Wisconsin Cheddar, what a meal. The sandwich I had on rye bread and i haven't had the black rye bread for a very long time. The soup was delicious, I wish it was more than a cup, maybe I better order a bowl next time. There will definately be a next time for Dilly's.
I've never had anything bad here. The service only suffers a little during the lunch rush but both times I had bad service on the phone, the manager personally delivered my order with his appologies and a coupon/discount off my next order.That's what keeps people coming back to your place. (Owners-write that down) Their food is delish! And I am always mixing up my sandwiches, changing breads,toppings, etc. They've served up to 10 people in my party before and still got all of our orders correct! Their sandwiches are very different and imaginative. And did I mention delicious?? The Irish girl in me loves the Corned Beef sandwich! Mmm! Getting hungry! I know where I am going for lunch tomorrow! Oh! Treat yourself to the cookie for goodness sake! You deserve it!
OMG four and a half stars?

Apparently if you want a four and a half star performance from a sandwich, you can go to dilly's deli.  Alternatively, you can:

Go to the store.  Buy a loaf of bread.  Make your sandwich with four slices of bread, instead of two.  Put mediocre meat on it.  Serve it with a side of potato salad that has too much dill in it and will stay on your breath for a month.

Don't drink the water here because it tastes like sewage.  I could be in the minority here but the witches were in the minority during the salem witch trials and upon further review, who was right?  I rest my case.
I've tried to give Dilly's Deli the benefit of the doubt many times but I just can't do it anymore. The prices are very high for the tiny amount of meat you receive in your sandwich. Plus their bread is incredibly bland and the crust is awful. I always order my sandwich cold because I hate the "toasted" (a.k.a. smushed in a panini press) concept, but I guess that's where I make my mistake. Maybe the toasting covers up the tasteless bread and it helps to disguise the lack of meat? I've also received cold soup several times when I arrived shortly after the store opened at 11am. Finally, the last time I was in I noticed quite a few mosquitos around the floor drain by the soda machine. That's what did me in for good. Sorry, Dilly's Deli. I tried!
Better than most sandwich places. 

Calling it a "deli" is an insult to a true deli.

Little on the expensive side so I go only when I have a coupon to make the prices more reasonable for the amount of actual food you get ... I don't count bread as food.
Sandwiches were good...a lot of bread though.  As in most other establishments good counter help is hard to find now a days.
I frequent this place quite often. Always love the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 soup. I always get close to the same thing. Turkey and Swiss and either 1/2 wissconsin cheddar and 1/2 chic dumplin or potato soup. So the other day I was in and ordered the sandwich and the 1/2 wiss cheddar and 1/2 chic dumplin togo. When I got home my sandwich looked like someone sat on it and my soup was chic dumplin with shredded cheddar cheese on top. I was bummed about my lunch. But I will go again, maybe I can give em a higher rating next time. I will say they are priced very reasonable compared to other places.!
Well clearly I'm a glutton for punishment because even though I've had numerous poor meals here in the past, I really want to like this place. I said I was done with them, but I'm weak. There is a severe lack of locally owned restaurants in this area so I'm really trying, but I can't like them if I can't get in the door! I tried to give them yet another chance two weeks ago (June 19th) only to pull up around 5pm to see a sign on the door saying they were closing early. I was annoyed, but I didn't mind giving Chipotle next door my money instead. But wait, it gets better. 

I tried again the other day (July 3rd) only to see another "CLOSED EARLY" sign! I guess the 4th of July holiday had to start a day early. Honestly this is ridiculous. If you want to be closed early in the summer, then make up some new official summer hours. Or at least type out a professional sign instead of hand writing one with a crayon.
I am a self-proclaimed sandwich expert and I was so happy to find Dilly's.  Everything about it is perfect.  I've only been in once, but can't wait to go back to make my way through the menu.  If only it was closer to where I work, I would go all the time.
Alright, I have a bad habit of coming somewhere and getting the same thing over and over. I never will work through the Dilly menu for the simple fact that I am addicted to the BBQ Chicken, Blazing Buffalo, and if I am feeling quirky the Dilly Bird.

Oh, and I cannot forget about the Wisconsin Cheese Bowl. I nearly inhale the stuff. Today I actually got so excited that I took too big of a bite out of my bread bowl and cheese was spilling all over the place. Clearly... a "food foul" and I was strongly considering licking it off the table. (Yes, it is that good)! I have also heard good reviews of the Boston Clam Chowder.

I can't say much except that I've thoroughly enjoyed every trip I've made to this place. 

What is the downfall of the place? For me, that they close at 8pm. And because they are locally owned, they are closed down at random sometimes.
Seriously, this is a great sammich place in Chandler, and I frequently habit this place due to the excellent prices, service, and convenient location. They have free WiFi, btw, which is a nice touch, and located in a strip mall that also houses some other great establishments.
My original review of this place was very good. I have decided to edit it because since posting the review I haven't received the best food. The last few times I've come here, the soup was only luke warm. Nothing is worse than cold soup (OK, maybe a few things are worse...) I have a rule that I will never send food back because of fear that the servers or kitchen staff will do something to it. Instead I just write reviews on here. The soup was my favorite part of coming to Dilly's Deli. I was obsessed with the creamy chicken noodle soup so I am a bit disappointed in Dilly's for this.

The sandwiches though are consistently great. All ingredients look and taste very fresh. I get the Dilly Bird. On my own, I would never put cream cheese on a sandwich but it is a great compliment to the other ingredients on the Dilly Bird.

I would recommend giving this place a shot but don't be surprised if the soup isn't hot.
Its definitely better than making my own sandwich...good soups that come in a bread bowl. Let's not get past the fact that its nothing fancy....average atmosphere with average service...I would recommend to anyone for a good sandwich and soup.
I used to go to this Dilly's Deli every week when I used to live in the area, never had a customer service issue, and enjoyed the sandwiches and soups, but my last visit there wasn't so pleasant. 

I went on a slow afternoon during a weekday a few weeks ago and there were two employees working at the time, I was the only customer in the deli. I approached the menu board to decide what items to order for my family, and the female employee behind the register immediately asked me what I'd like to order. I told her I didn't know yet, and her demeanor quickly changed, and she let out an exasperated breath. I passed it off, but when I was ready to order I asked her a simple question about the combo, and she got annoyed and was rushing me to finish my order. I was so irritated that I didn't even order my meal. I paid for the items I did order and not once did she smile or say thank you. I felt like I had ruined her down-time at work since no other customer was in the deli except me. Whatever her deal was, her attitude towards me was uncalled for and I will never go back.

As I got my items to-go, I asked her for her name, it was Lexie. She was a young brunette with a major chip on her shoulder. If you go into this deli I hope you get better service.
Dilly's Deli is decisively delicious. Also, kind of expensive. Figure at least $10 for a sandwich with chips and drink. Comes with a pickle!
Had the Humdinger and I was very disappointed. If I pay $ 7 for a sandwich it better taste better than what I could do at home. The Rye bread was forgettable, and there wasn't enough meat. If this sandwich was $ 3 cheaper it would've been appropriately priced. If I go back maybe I'll try a bread bowl people seem to like those...
Came in with the family today, it's been awhile since our last visit.

We ordered the Stray Kitty on White with Tuna, a brownie, and the Half Red Bird

I ate the tuna and just loved it, quite tantalizing. The wife enjoyed her red bird as well. And the brownie? Forget about it  - spectacular!! Didn't stand a chance. Ha

Only challenge was our cashier (young female) seemed put out by our questions about the menu.

I would have no hesitation recommending this restaurant to friends.
My family and I have loved dilly's deli for years and it doesn't  disappoint. We have had the occasional customer service issue but the food keeps us coming back for more. 

A half sandwich is enough for one person.... If I'm being greedy I also get soup in a bread bowl YUM!!!
Awesome sandwiches, reasonable prices, prompt service.  The bread is amazing.
Food is tasty and priced right.  I order the Italian on rye just about everytime.  Had the mediterranean salad and it's pretty good and feeds four people for I believe 6 bucks.  I've been to the Scottsdale/Thunderbird location which is a dump, cafeteria style seating and the bathrooms look like they haven't been cleaned in ages.  This one is set up nice though.
I was a HUGE DD's fan all through college.. frequenting their ASU location at least 2x a week and always ordering the saaaame damn thing (the Dilly's Dilly).  Lately, since I cook at home more, I am not a frequent customer.. however, on those occasions where I'm craving a Dilly's Dilly (not on the menu, but still order-able: turkey, sprouts, bacon, avocado, minus the catalina sauce), I like to get my fill at this location.

So today I decided to venture out of my comfot zone.... yes, after YEARS of ordering the same exact sandwich I decided to try one called the Babaloo (ham, pulled pork, cheese, pickles and spicy mustard)... damn it!  I should have stuck to what I know! I found this sandwich to be boring in flavor and so blah, I barely noticed there was anything besides the blah sourdough... sooo disappointing!

This is the ONLY reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 - because this was a huge disappointment to me after many years of consistently great Dilly's Dilly, they had to kill my adventurous spirit...  I guess I know now to stick to my usual and not to venture out.. that's not really a good opinion to have of a sandwich joint, but sadly it's the one I have right now of DDs. 

Besides that, the service and staff is always fast, seating is easy, and their salads are colorful and fresh-tasting.
Actually this place is worth trying out....the sandwiches on foccacia bread was great. During work week it does get a little busy at lunch. I would try this place again...G approved.
Not bad.  Maybe 3.5 versus a 3.  

I ordered a full and a half sandwich for 2 folks.  Frankly two half sandwiches would have been plenty.

The big critique of this place (and I've been to two different ones) is that there's an awful lot of bread on these sandwiches.  I'm thinking ats why two half sandwiches would go pretty far for two people.
Went here with a recommendation and a coupon, so we figured what the hell. Reminded me of a cross between a small mom and pop Paradise and a Quizno's, but better. Their smokey mountain sandwich rocked! Bread was fresh, and good, and didn't leave a doughy after taste. Inside was clean, cashier was friendly and accommodating for our first visit. Enjoyed our visit on a late Sunday morning. I'd go back when in the area again.
Three words: "Humdinger on Rye"

...what an amazing sandwich. Am definitely a fan!
When I moved to Chandler from Scottsdale I was so excited to see a Dilly's was in the area. However, I have been to the Chandler location about three times now. It's okay. It's not worth returning to and definitly not as good as the one in Scottsdale.
Dilly's Deli is right down the street from my house so I come here often on my break from work. It is a great place to get a good quality sandwich on fresh baked bread. The prices are not outrageous if you take advantage of the half sandwich with side deal for $4.79 with a drink it comes out to about $7.00. That is not bad considering the great quality of bread and deli meat that they serve. I usually order the buffalo chicken sandwich on wheat which is delicious. I had to take one star off because I used to love, love, love the chipolte cole slaw but they are no longer making it the same way. This was one of my main reasons for coming here because I loved the flavor of this cole slaw so much. They used to make it a little spicier with blended chipolte peppers but the last few times I have been here it has been bland and peppery with no chipolte. They should just call it cole slaw now. So overall I still think the quality of sandwiches is great and a pretty good price. I am a little disappointed about them changing the recipe of one of my favorite foods but I will still be coming back for the great sandwiches.
Went to lunch Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. The music was too loud and all the booth tables were occupied or dirty. I'm sure the workers would have rather been else where. However, they still have the best Boston Clam Chowder and the featured sandwich of the month "Club West" was really tasty.
I've been to both the Chandler location and the Tempe location many times. The food is always consistently good. Their wheat bread is the best; my boyfriend and I didn't care for the sourdough. I love their soups! They're flavorful and come piping hot. Their chicken salad sandwich is delicious, as is their gobbler sandwich and the Italian sandwich. Their establishments are always clean and the staff is always friendly. I do think they're a bit pricey which is why I can't give the 5 stars but I'll still keep coming back.
Cheese soup in a bread bowl FTW!
I've been a loyal Dilly's fan for years!  
I've tried pretty much everything on the menu, and I can't say I've had a bad item.

The Dilly Bird is my all time fave.  On white or sourdough is best.  

The portions are large, and worth every penny.
My boyfriend is obsessed with Dillys so I agreed to go with him after a hike. I was ravenous and ordered the roast beef sandwich on dark rye. Very disappointing. The meat honestly tasted like baloney :( ugh very weird texture. I almost felt tricked? I may give the BLT a try next time but not a good first impression :(
On the plus side, 3 stars is about the highest rating a place that serves packaged meat can receive...I know it's a chain, so I can't expect much more than that, but with such a large location and great sandwich ideas, preparing their meat in house would make a huge difference.

I've usually only go to their Broadway location and I must say that they do a slightly better job over there...It's possible that the times I've been in were just "off-days", but after having such good experiences over there, I'm always slightly disappointed when I give this one a shot. (which sucks because it's so close to my work/home)

Of course, the sandwich selection is the same and very good...Enough great ideas to be able to go in frequently and not have to order the same thing. But this location just doesn't seem as...fresh. The pickles are often limp, the bread doesn't seem as if it were just baked (nor does it have that "fresh baked bread" smell) and I feel like the sides are prepared well in advance of when they are served. Perhaps they are prepared at a different location and delivered to Chandler?? I'm not sure, but the difference between different locations is apparent.  

I'm not saying it's all bad...The ingredients, even when not great, are still good enough to keep me coming in. The soups/bread bowls are good and the staff is always very nice. I've never had a bad experience, I've just never had a GREAT experience. I will say, though, that you're not going to find a better deli in the area. If I'm looking for a decent sandwich at a reasonable price without having to drive too far, this is my spot...
I tried to call in an order and was left on hold for over 15 mins. I finally just hung up...
Great place for a unique sandwich you can't really buy anywhere else. They have some pretty good salads too. Even the types of sandwiches other delis carry aren't quite the same as here. Reasonable price. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is one can not afford to eat here everyday.
Good sandwiches and good fresh bread.

The people are nice.

The only downside is the amount of meat use could be a bit better.
been eating Dilly's for years and man today was not their best showing.  kid at the register read back our order 4 times and didn't get it right once.  my wife still didn't get the right soup on try 5.  step it up Dilly's I will continue to eat your food but it'd be nice for that not to be a hassle.
good subs. bread always tasted fresh and the meat was great. I suggest the ham and cheese for if was great. cheap prices good food.
Did someone just step on my sandwich?  OMG.  Actually no.  But that's kind of what a Mr. Goodcents sandwich looks like - kind of flat and smooshed.   But it tastes just fine, don't let the looks scare you off.  I frequent this place for lunch often, and for a $4 sub you're better off here than at healthy Subway, Blimpie, or fatty Quiznos.

It's a counter service deli chain with a handful of locations in the Valley.  They make the sandwiches and slice the meat and cheese right in front of you.  The owner/manager is very friendly and helpful.  I've had the original and penny club - decent choices, although I think the slices are a bit skimpy.   The bread looks thin and crummy, but it's actually not as bad as it looks.  I don't know why they're subs look smooshed...weird.

They have pasta here, but have never had it - and not so sure about it either....
I quite enjoy this place.  It's nice to have the meat and cheese sliced in front of you.  Though it's a bit pricer than some of the other chain shops but it's well worth it.  The food has always been fresh and filling.  Their pasta is decent, but I prefer to stick with the subs.  

The wait can be a bit long during peak hours, but it's well worth the wait.
Despite not being much of a "sandwich eater", I've always been a fan of Goodcents. Not because I think they're sandwiches are any better than Quizno's or their decor any more aesthetically pleasing than Subway's, but because they're the most honest sub shop I've ever come across.

Even though sandwiches can be good for you, you don't see some asshole running around with a sandwich board that reads "MR. GOODCENTS SUBS WILL MAKE YOU SKINNY! OH...AND THE END IS NEAR!" And even though they cut their own meat, you don't hear them advertising this one particular aspect of their business at every opportunity.

OMG A FUCKING TOASTER? YOU CAN TOAST SUBS! OH MY GOD THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING THING EVER? IT'S MORE EXPENSIVE THAN USUAL SUB SHOPS BUT THAT'S OKAY BECAUSE IT'S TOASTED, IT'S BETTER AND MORE FILLING! TOASTED'S THE WAY OF THE FUTURE HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

They make sandwiches. That's really all there is to it. 

They keep their bread in giant plastic bags because although it's unappetizing looking, it actually preserves the freshness, as opposed to keeping bread stored in a hot, humid cabinet just above the oven where it will begin to absorb the taste of the bread it's crammed up against (Yeah, I got your fucking number, Subway). 

They cut their meat and cheese fresh because that's actually what you're supposed to do, rather than pre-slice it and pre-package it so it can stew in its own juices while it gets shipped out to the nearest chain location (My Ultimately Worthless Factoids-2, Subway-0).

They're subs might be healthy, but probably not. Judging by the large number of heavy-set people (including myself) who frequent Mr. Goodcents, I think it's safe to say that all that meat and cheese probably isn't doing our hearts any favors. But then again I know people who only order the salads at McDonald's or the veggie at Subway who'd make a dietitian piss themselves and faint. 

The last couple of times I've been to Goodcents I admittedly had no interest in purchasing their sandwiches. The diuretics I'm on right now force everything out of me, so I've currently been on an all-soup diet. A bowl of ramen or a cup of Campbell's Soup At Hand contains both the water I need and the sodium to help me retain said water. 

Goodcents has, for a sandwich shop, amazing soups and pastas. The chicken noodle itself is worth a visit or two, as is there chicken alfredo or pasta salad. 

Plagued with the flu, I stumbled in last Wednesday with a few bucks in my pocket and a craving for something hot and liquid to sip slowly. While my friend was harassing one of the girls at the counter (what guy sees a girl putting meat through a cutter and goes "yes, she seems like a suitable mate"?), I gave another  my order.

"Chiggen soup, please. A half."
"Just a half? Are you sure? You sound like you need it."
"Just a half's fine."
"Tough. I gave you a full. You sound sick."
"Oggay. Thagg you."
"You're a student, right? Show her (the cashier) your student ID and you'll get a free drink. You need all the fluids."
"Yeah. Tell me about it. Thagg you zo much."
"Don't mention it."

Later that day, while my co-workers were arguing Subway vs Quiznos and discussing what should and should not go on a meatball sub, I sat quietly, sipping at my chicken noodle soup and lemonade, thinking that I could get use to this 'flu' thing.

Oh, I couldn't fit this into a clever phrase but the soup comes with a side of buttery bread. It's amazing. You wouldn't think that buttery bread and chicken soup went together, but a few years ago you probably sat there in front of your TV and said "Toasted subs? Yeah, that's a passing fancy if I ever saw it."

You know what I've been looking for? A deli that makes good PB&J sandwiches. Anyone who can bring me this information will be given my secret recipe for the ultimate bloody mary.
I've always been obsessed with Mr. Goodcents and I'll happily give them 5 stars.  I have been enjoying the best subs EVER for about 16 years now.  They must be doing something right if they've been around for so long!  They cannot be equaled.  I live in San Diego now, but I still have to have my Goodcents fix when I come into town.  It's a must!  Cheese Mix is my lifeblood and the bread is unbelievably soft and seems to melt in your mouth.  Sometimes, if I'm in a soup mood, they have some seriously tasty broccoli cheese.  In college, I frequented the Tempe and Mesa Goodcents because they were closer to my apartment, but the T-Bird shop was my first and it just feels like home.  I'll always love you Goodcents.  I'll see you in my dreams until our next clandestine rendezvous...  

P.S. Not that you need it, but sometimes I wish you had avocado.  Even still...5 stars!
Waay better than Subway or Quiznos. That's all I have to say
I absolutely love this sub shop! Its the only place i will get a sub sandwich! I have been going here for over 10 years and i NEVER get tired of it! Mitch is an awesome owner and he really cares about the customer! MUST GO!
Trying to decide where to pick up dinner for my family, I decided to try this place, based on the great Yelp reviews.   I went to their website, and placed my order to be picked up at 6 p.m.   I ALMOST chose to pay by credit card online, SO glad I chose 'cash' instead because when I GOT there at 6:00,...the store was full of workers who were completely REMODELING the store, and they looked at me like I was nutz.   Ended up going to Pong Pong chinese (also based on my Yelp research), had to wait a LONG time (since I didn't have time to pre-order it), but it was VERY good food.   I guess I'll have to wait to try Mr. Goodcents.  I wish they'd noted on their website that they'd be closed for remodeling.
One of the best subs I've had in a long time. Definitely will be back soon.
Clean store, nice remodel. They have the Fancy coke machine now. Got the itallian it was great. The cookies are always good too.
The new remodel their looks really good. They have added a couple TVs that blast CNN all day. The stop is always friendly and smiling. They have 1 of those awesome New Coke machines with all the flavors. They have daily specials every day, which is a huge plus when you're on a budget. My baby loves their chicken. in my opinion the beat the pants off subway.
Great food. The staff here is super friendly!
I likes me a good deli fresh sub, but I gotta ask when the hell did sandwiches get so bloody expensive?

The food is easily 4-stars, but what is with the prices, guys? You didn't put that much on the bread either, I watched you do it. Four slices of meat, exactly 3 tomato slices...on an extra long sub?

The staff was friendly though, so I come to an average of 3 stars for this place.
i have been going to goodcents for years now and it's definitely the best place to get a sandwich! they slice the meat & cheese right in front of you, the bread is soft and always such great quality. i have a usual of turkey standard dress w no onions & provolone chz, but everything is good. the broccoli cheddar soup is a favorite of mine, and they run deals every day so everyone wins!
Great good, great services, and great prices. I have used these guys for catering and they provide great service and good time after time!
I absolutely LOVE this place!  It has ruined quite a few other sandwich places for me.  The bread is fantastic! I love the way that they slice the meat for you..makes it even more fresh!  The fact that they even have a new coke machine and GINGER ALE...yeah, it's amazeballs!
I was super impressed with this place. They cut the meat and cheese just for your order. It's not that meat that has been sitting out in a bin all day either. The 12 inch was enough food to fill me up and it tasted great.

I have found a new home to go get my subs.
Always quick service, very reasonably priced and great staff. The food here tastes fresh and you get large portions. I will pick this place over any sub shop any day!
I've come to the realization that some of the best restaurants are squished into shopping centers.

White Eagle is a little polish deli that has a lot in a small area.

In the back corner is a little market where you can get Scandinavian, Polish, German...etc. sweets and goodies.  In the front corner is the restaurant part, and opposite is the deli counter that holds all sorts of yummy desserts, deli meats, and fresh baked breads.

I've taken the breads home plenty of times.  Crusty on the outside, soft and squishy in the middle.  Best of both worlds.  The desserts are the best, and my favorite is a little heavenly number which is yet un-named...  It's a sandwich of light soft pastry that has layers like filo, but is much lighter...with a middle of the fluffiest custard cream.  Just sweet enough.

Then you get to the menu, littered with various hunter's stews, schnitzels, and probably the best pierogies I've tasted.  They have three kinds:  meat and rice, potato and cheese, and of course sauerkraut and mushrooms.  The latter two are my favorite.  One order comes with 9 pieces, and you can mix and match.

The restaurant is family owned, and every one of them are friendly and will answer any of your questions.

They close at 3:30pm and are closed on Sundays.  I haven't tried breakfast there yet...but it sounds appetizing.
The really do have some of the best peirogies in town. Their stuffed cabage is also wonderful with a tomato cream sauce on it. Comming from a Polish family I tend to be very picky about my Polish cuisine. this place deinfately did not disspoint!
God, after all the burritos, tortitos, empanodos, mosquitos and other disgusting mex food in Phoenix, this place was a breath of fresh air - especially since it's so close by to where I live. I've never really had Polish food before and the food here is hearty and delicious. I've eaten here a number of times, and mainly used to get their giant Polish King's Feast (cabbage roll, kielbasa, 3x pierogies, "hunter's stew" and bread), but now my favourite is the kiszka (blood sausage). No, trust me, it's delicious! Their red cabbage is absolutely awesome, and actually kind of "sweet"-tasting.

Food prepared promptly, a bit pricey but not over the top (worth it for the flavours). Place is kind of a hole in the wall but there's a lot of stuff in here. You can dine-in (about six or seven tables all up) or take out, and they have a deli counter with a billion Polish meats/sausages, plus some Polish grog (bizarre, large, ornate bottles) and Okocim beer, chocolates like "rum kocke" (a condition I've suffered from on occasion) etc. Used to be run by a dude and his wife, but apparently Grandpa now works there and Grandpa don't understand English too well. I still managed to sign-language my order to him and the blood sausage was just as delicious as ever.

Oldies cram into this place in the evenings so get there early (er, wait a minute - on second thought, get there after 6:30p and they'll probably all be gone) or just do the take-out thing. If you've never eaten here and you're in the area, you really need to try it. I'd go for the cabbage roll with creamy tomato sauce (per Melissa H's recommendation), and if there's two of you get their potato pancakes with apple sauce. Way too much potato for one person but delightful at least for the first several dozen bites.

Then get the kiszka with mash potato and red cabbage on your next visit. This dish has made it to the top ten fave meals I've ever had in Arizona. Doesn't taste like blood, I promise.

Then try the sandwiches.. you almost need a flip-top head to take a bite out of them, they're piled pretty high. They have regular stuff there, ham etc, and also headcheese.. yummo. Just a great little place to have dinner at, despite being a bit cramped and the newspapers being all in Polish. Sorry, I don't speak or read shish-nish.

Edit: One last thing I forgot to mention. This place has some real crappy business hours. Only open until 6pm on some days, 8pm on others. Ridiculous. AND, there have been times when I've gotten there at 7:45pm on an 8pm night, only to find the place already closed up - I looked in the window and spotted the staff standing at the register gloating and chuckling like Gollum at the day's takings. Other times, they've had a sign up "closed for 2 weeks for spring vacation" - what the? It appears they don't mind closing up shop on a whim so the other thing to be aware of is that if you go, don't be surprised if they're closed because one of the staff ran out of toothpaste or broke a fingernail.. (mutters under breath)
Time for a brief update. This place has undergone some major renovation recently. They kicked out the army signup center next door, busted down the wall and totally redid the interior. It's now got twice as many tables, a mini dance floor (looks to be probably a max of five people on the floor at any one time before you start bumping and grinding), and a small bar with about three bar stools on the far side. Plus, thankfully no sign of Grandpa - instead, the original guy, a new (young) guy and a new chick were on duty. Kiszka was the same, there's just a little more breathing room inside now. And less Polish newspapers (that I could see, anyway). They have a grand opening soon, where I'm sure beer will flow freely and they'll play that godawful polka music at full blast. Forgot to mention that the first time round.. it's that hilarious "drunken" music that is perfect for drinking games and for swinging your beer stein to. Osh posh, pish a posh, shish a nish a loo.. BLOOAAARGGHH
Okay, I'm absolutely, positively, well and truly DONE with this place. Last night (Wednesday) we had arranged with friends to meet there for dinner at 6:45pm. When we got there (6:45pm) there was a CLOSED sign in the window -- AGAIN! I've mentioned the ridiculous business hours before - such as taking Sunday off to celebrate the fact that it comes after Saturday etc. It seems that they have all new business hours, and what I read has permanently lost them four customers.

Closed Monday and Tuesday (?!) Wednesday open 11am-3pm (!?) Thursday open 11am-8pm. That's basically as far as I bothered to read.

This restaurant can go to hell - that's the third time I've arrived at a completely appropriate time of the evening only to have the place inexplicably closed.  I don't care about the recent renovations and frankly there are way too many other delicious places around to be bothered severely adjusting schedules and timing to get into this place during the three or four hours a week that they could be BOTHERED to open. Screw them.

EDIT 20120925: Apparently they've changed the name of this place to "Eddie's European Bistro". A lot of time has passed since I got the sh1ts with them; I MAY decide to return and see if anything's improved. If they're closed once more that'll be IT though.
I LOVE White Eagle Deli.  The food is fantastic - the stuffed cabbage is delightfully delicate and the potatoe pancakes are heavenly.  If you don't like their hours, make your schedule work to meet theirs.  The Polka on Friday and Saturday nights is a fantastic show and the brave couples dancing will warm your heart.  This is a DO NOT MISS if you are anywhere near Surprise, AZ.
Ah, the White Hair Deli. It has some promise because the food is quite good, but it seems to have contented itself with catering to the retirees who can get to dinner and be home by 6pm on a weekday. Which is fine, because that is the neighborhood they are in.
A good idea for lunch.  Food was decent, but $9.00 for a half of a sandwich and soup is too much for me.
When you can catch this place open, you need to try it! Food is fantastic, and we would eat here a lot more. But you never know when this place is open for business? Three times yes THREE TIMES!!! We have came here during business hours, and the doors are locked? Last time it was Saturday @ 5:30pm, yes on a saturday. This is when they are suppose to be open? Have no idea why they were closed again! If this place would be open when they say they would, place would have more stars!
Place was open today! So it gets an extra star!!!
I was so excited to go to a restaurant that had advertised European food with "live" entertainment. My family arrived at the restaurant at 6 pm on a Saturday night.. We ordered our dinners including Hungarian Goulash. The waitress stated that the kitchen was closing and they didn't have time to make the Hungarian Goulash. Really?????? You are closing the kitchen at 6:15pm on a Saturday night? Well, they didn't have the ingredients to make the Goulash. 10 people came in after us and ordered meals. Humm..... 
The beef stroganoff tasted like the Costco special and the "live" entertainment was a 1 man band. He actually did a great job. I would not recommend the restaurant to anyone.
To let you know! This place is a hit and miss place!! Food is great, But you need to get there when they are open! When we are able to find this place open, we just love the food. And since I raised their rating to 4, that is only because they were opened again!! I have had their meatloaf sandwich, cheese burger, vegi sandwich, chicken, and pork Schnitzel. I have yet to have a bad plate. I always tried to get something different every time I come here. But I may only order their Pork Schnitzel for now on. One of my favorite dishes.
Deli? Not so much, although there is the obligatory little counter filled with a selection of smoked meats. But that's just dandy with me, because this restaurant does Polish food very well. 

The White Eagle is not a particularly pretty place. It's ensconced in a strip mall and the decor is utilitarian with dim lighting. But the aromas wafting from the kitchen are what truly matter here. For a reasonable price, you can down heaping portions of authentic Polish/Eastern European cuisine, just like grandma made it. 

If you're new to this food, one of the tastiest ways to try a little of everything is the restaurant's special platter, which introduces several favorites in ample portions, including a divine, chewy smoked Polish sausage, a cabbage roll with savory meat and rice filling topped with a creamy tomato gravy, three pirogis with a variety of fillings, real mashed potatoes, and several slices of light rye bread with butter. But the platters true star is something called sauerkraut stew, which elevates pickled cabbage to something special, with bits of meat, onion, tomato, and seasonings. 

For those who prefer something less ethnic, the Eagle does a great rendition of schnitzel, in both pork and chicken versions, which are pounded until tender and falling off the plate. 

Breakfast options are also on the menu, as well as single item plates from the platter's bounty, and more basic dinner favorites. 

Soups usually include a hot (temp) version of borscht, with beets, beans, meat, carrots and cream, as well as other broth based potions that are perfect on a cold December day. 

Service is polite and friendly. Though we've never been there to enjoy it, live music is offered on weekends. Weekdays, the tv is often tuned to the Food Network...just fine with me. 

Home baked desserts are offered, but look closely in the case before you order...more than once I've noticed that the gorgeous cakes have gone a little green. No matter. We generally leave here stuffed and with leftovers!
Tried out Eddie's Bistro for lunch on Friday with kids in tow.  The atmosphere was comfortable, and the live music entertained the baby (and us all).  We had the pork sandwich special and the corned beef rueben, which was delicious!  The rye was soft, meat sliced thin, and just the right amount of kraut & dressing.  We shall be back for more!

Service was a mite slow, but we didn't mind, and the prices are a tad high.
Dilly's Deli is a wonderful spot for lunch. It is NOT a traditional deli. It is more of a "boutique sandwich shop." They offer unique sanwiches with a diverse array of toppings. Everyone in my office likes it and I often take vendors there. They are always impressed.

The bread is baked fresh every morning. The bread is toasted on most sandwiches, but they have wraps, salads, and soups too.

My favorites are the Yahoo (roast beef, onion, cheese), Blazing Buffalo (turkey, buffalo sauce, lettuce, tomato) and the Gobbler (turkey, cranberry sauce, mayo, lettuce).

FYI, this place is MUCH better than the one on Southern Ave in Tempe.

Bottom line: Awesome sandwiches.
Driving down Scottsdale Road today and was craving Fitness Cafe... but they are closed temporarily for renovations.  Bummer!  

So, I went to Dilly's Deli as an alternative and I was pleased.  I had the chicken salad salad.  For $6.19, I thought it was such a deal!  It is a pretty big portion and comes with a slice of fresh bread.  This probably was not the healthiest choice, but it tasted good!  Next time, I will order without croutons as they had a little too much garlic flavor.  Actually, next time I will take Sam's advice and go with a sandwich!

Quick, fresh, cheap, and tasty with something for everyone... I'll be back Dilly's!
Nice atmosphere. Good food. I had the buffalo on some fluffy fantastic foccacia bread. It was awesome. A combo with a drink and chips came to $9. They have free wi-fi which makes working or using your iPhone a pleasure.
3.5 stars.  I like the different selections, etc.  The sandwich choices were way different than what you would find at other places.  I had the Dilly Bird.  It was cracked wheat bread loaded with alfalfa sprouts, turkey and cream cheese.  Yum!
Downfall was that it was a delivery and took almost an hour to make 6 sandwiches and deliver them less than a mile.
Plus, I burped up the sprouts all day long.
I didn't mind, but Jenni at work certainly did!
The food is good! I've been going to Dilly's for a long time and I've never had a problem with what I've had. My usual is the 1/2 SW club with a small bread bowl of clam chowder. Definitely my favorite. 

I had lunch there today and I noticed something that disappointed me a bit. I don't know if its from the economy and cutting costs or what ,but my 1/2 sandwich, soup and a drink was $9.14 + the bread bowl had been filled with about 6 or 7 spoon fulls of soup. 

There is a time and a place for a lunch that cost $9.00 - 10.00 + and In my opinion... This isn't one of them. I know plenty of "Deli's" that would blow this place out of the water for less. 

Atmosphere is OK... Not much too it. Lunchtime gets very busy and can be difficult to find a spot to sit. Patio seating is available as well. 

Would recommend to people, Just don't like the price for what it is.
yummy! that's all i have to say about my blazin' buffalo sandwich on foccacia . the foccacia was a perfect specimen: light, appropriately herbed and airy. the sandwich fillings (sliced roast chicken, tomatoes, ranch, lettuce, and buffalo sauce) were fresh and yummy. i had a coupon for a free drink which made my sandwich, chips and a drink $7.47. a pretty awesome lunch for less than $8 makes me happy. almost as happy as buffalo sauce makes me. i have a tendency to be obsessed with buffalo sauce. a word to the wise: my co-workers got pasta salad and it looked awesome. they said it was tasty too. i was jealous. there's no up-charge for pasta salad - i recommend you get that instead of stupid chips you can get at the grocery.
in addition to sucking, it's also expensive.
I like Dilly's Deli, but I have found them to be very inconsistent. The sandwich I ordered recently was really good....the bread was nice and fresh, the bacon was cooked nice and crispy with not too much fat on it and the avocados were superb. However, I got the same exact Sandwich a few weeks ago, and I had a completely different experience. Everything was wrong...and they didn't even include the pickle in my order! (They're supposed to give you a pickle with your sandwich damn it!) The bacon was slimy and fatty and the avocados were about 5 months old..very brown looking and rotten. Another big factor in the three star rating for me, is the staff. There are two types of people that work there from what I can tell: either stoned high school kids who have to ask you five times what your name is, or former gang bangers who have tattoos all over their face and put as much effort into making your sandwich as a dog does taking a crap. Yeah, that's right. But despite the horrible service, the food is good when they are having a good day, and just barely acceptable when they're having a bad one....but it's worth a gamble.
I stopped in today famished from a dentist appointment and ordered a Rueben sandwich with pasta salad side and drink. A bit over $9  and a short wait later i was full and happy. The pasta salad wasn't fabulous, but  in my opinion they rarely are anywhere. The sandwich was tasty, warm and the perfect size that didn't make me feel like an Orca but definitely filled me up. The only thing I would have liked to see is condiments out and available because I like my sandwiches wet. Some spicy mustard and hot sauce would have made all the difference. Good place though, and this is from someone who isn't a sandwich girl.
Hoping to grab a quick breakfast meal before running errands this morning, all of our usual breakfast joints were packed and we just happen to stumble on Dilly's being open for breakfast. They had a little breakfast selection as my husband got the breakfast burrito and I decided to go for the veggie sandwich. My sandwich was awesome! It was nice to have a sandwich that sort of mixed up the norm. Lovely blend of sprouts, tomatos, lettuce, cream cheese (I'm trying to go vegan, but the cream cheese was a wonderful compliment) on fresh multi-grain bread. Add with it the fruit salad and it was a very filling breakfast. 

I'll go back for sure. Although, I liked it for a sandwich place, it's not going to be a place I crave, but the next time I stop in I'm sure I will still like what I order.
I tried the Tuna Salad Salad earlier today, and it was perfect! Plus, the bread they served on the side was to die for.  I have been here several times over the years and they have consistently put out a quality product - Good Job!
They were accommodating with our orders as all five of us had to hold various ingredients from the wraps/sandwiches.  The staff was not rude, but not particularly friendly either.

Then we got the food....AWEFUL!  Didn't they ever see that old-school commercial about not drowning your food?!  All I could taste was the sauce.  I couldn't taste the actual ingredients...I didn't think they were particularly fresh, plus not much ingredients other than the dressing.  It wasn't particularly healthy or "Gourmet."  Out of the 5 of us, we all said we wouldn't go back!  Very expected for a casual chain restaurant.
Good deli, nice selection of sandwiches, soups and salads. Make sure you are hungry or get the half sandwhich...which will still be plenty. Staff was very great, and the food came up quickly. We were there on a business lunch. If you are soup fan, the soup can come in a bread bowl...so once again come hungry. 
A great middle of the road Sandwich shop I will go again, but I'm not rushing to knock down the door...
Dilly's, you have impressed me.  Not because your food was great...it was not.

Thank you for opening my eyes.

Had I the opportunity to do it over, I'd still be hungry, and I'd be standing over a pile of burning money.
I *love* this place!!! Their sandwiches are all great (I usually get the Yahoo), and I love their creamy chicken soup that they serve in freshly made bread bowls :)
Just found another nice spot for lunch!! 4 stars for a quick, affordable and tasty lunch!!

Dilly's is like your typical deli that offers a variety of sandwiches, wraps, salads, and soups, and pairs you with some chips and soda. What I like about Dilly's is the many choices you have, and the little bread bowl with all soups! And the half-sized sandwich seems no difference with a regular one, but the regular-sized one is huge! They just slice it off from the whole loaf of bread, and the smaller piece gets to be the 'half' of a sandwich. (not like Paradise bakery that actually cuts off from a regular-sized sandwich)... and soup is good! Creamy clam chowder and chicken noodle soup...hmmm...
This place is always busy.... but the line moves fast.

I love the homemade dark rye bread! 

I also always order the same thing here.. "The Gobbler"! So yummy! Turkey breast, cream cheese, and cranberry sauce!

The sandwiches are large enough, and reasonably priced with the side you get (cole slaw, mac salad, or potato salad). 

They also have a good lunch special... 1/2 sandwich with side for $4.79 plus tax. Not a bad deal.
Dear Dilly's,

I wanted to take a moment and thank you for being as close as Arizona can get to the Chicago deli I would frequent "back in the day". Your Dilly Bird sandwich (hold the sprouts and add cranberry sauce) truly is something worth writing home about. That delicious wheat bread you recommended to me despite my asking for white was delightful. 

Your service has never disappointed me since I don't expect to have a chat with you when all I am thinking about is my Dilly Bird. What is that you say? Your crab bisque is the soup of the day?! Well lets do that soup and sandwich special then for 8.95! Sure I always try to get lunch for 5 bucks or less, but comon... sometimes you just gotta swipe the plastic and not worry about it. 

Thank you for never making me leave hungry and for being open when I need you. I hope this letter finds you well and I look forward to seeing you again soon.

Sincerely,
John
I LOVE DIlly's! I always get the Dilly Club and Chicken Noodle Soup, which comes with a bread bowl that is oh so yummy!
Great deli! Very large portions.
I've been to their Tempe location multiple times but this was my first visit to this location.  I guess its pretty much the same.  Decent enough sandwiches at a semi-decent price.  Same as in Tempe.  Also the service was fast and friendly like the other location.  I just think their sandwiches are too damn bready.  I mean it is ok bread and looks to be fresh, but there is too much of it.  2 slices of it are thicker than the actual contents of the sandwich.
I was disappointed. 

Strike one, apparently kids eat free on certain days. We went on one of those days and were charged for our daughters meal.  Stike two, my wife ordered her sandwich with no cheese. She got cheese. Strike three, I order my sandwich with lettuce instead of spouts. I received sprouts. 

I'll probably give them another chance considering the sandwiches were pretty good but it wasn't a great first experience.
The food was great. Love the selection on the menu (made it hard to choose though!). Very reasonably priced. I had the Smoky Mountain and it was really good. Also love that you can choose your side and don't just have to get chips like other sandwich shops. 

The staff was friendly & helpful while we were ordering but their bantering (about whose turn it was for a smoke break) once we sat down could be heard throughout the restaurant. Could have done without that. Would definitely go back again though.
The bread is so fresh! I like all the different choices of sandwiches they give you but be weary of the wheat bread because it is very dark. Probably best for the sub or veggie sandwiches, not the BBQ chicken. 

I've heard the soup is to die for! Although, I don't recommend the teas. Just stick with soda or lemonade.

Bathrooms are very clean too.
I absolutely love the soups and sandwiches at Dilly's Deli.  The food at this location is just as good as the rest around the valley.  Prices have gone up a bit, but you'll still get your money's worth.  The bread for the sandwiches and the bowls for the soup are ridiculously fresh (even though there is way too much of it).

The one thing I don't get about this location is the hours?  Closing at 4:00 is kind of random to me.  It seems like they'd be able to stay open a few more hours for the quick dinner crowd.  But they've been in this space for a while when so many other stores and restaurants have come and gone, so I guess they know what they're doing.
Great food, everything is good, soups, sandwiches, salads etc. I go here at least twice a week for lunch. Great lunch special as well!
Wanted a quick sandwich to split with my wife. We had just been shopping in the strip mall and saw this restaurant. With the tinted windows, couldn't really tell if it was  open.
Ordered the Southwestern Club which was made with fresh bread. My wife enjoyed it, but for me I really didn't care for the raspberry honey mustard. It just didn't knock my socks off. My wife enjoyed it, so we'll be back to try something different.
LOVE Dilly's! The Tempe location was a Thursday lunch time tradition with my high school girlfriends and now I work up by this location and still stop in every few weeks.  They've expanded the menu a lot, but I typically go for a Veggie Supreme. All their sandwiches are pressed to at least toast the bread - white or wheat.

A "half" sandwich is pretty much a whole sandwich with an inch cut off the top, so it's definitely enough food, but adding a side or a small soup bread bowl or side salad makes it a bigger meal if you're super hungry. The bread is delicious!
My bf took me here after our hike up Camelback mountain.  I was seriously hungry and just ordered the first thing that sounded good.

I got half a Reuben on rye with clam chowder.  The sandwich was okay.  It was much lighter than most places that drench their Reubens in oil so this was a nice change and the clam chowder was delicious.

Not bad for the price.
Horrible experience! The place was empty, the cashier was beyond rude, and they forgot to include a portion of my order. When I called to speak with the manager a woman answered the phone by saying, "yes I'm one of them." She said she could offer me a free sandwich after hearing my issue and asked for my name and receipt number. I informed her I wasn't given a receipt so she said she would make an exception this time, but usually require a receipt. Then said she was sorry and tried to end the conversation by saying good-bye. I asked how the cashier would know the next time I came in if all they had was my name and I was told, "oh they'll remember, we only have two cashiers."
Nice place! I had the half Humdinger sandwich and half greek salad. All of it was tasty.  Their homemade bread can't be beat. When I walked in you could smell the bread baking! Yum!! Give it a try!
I have been looking in the Scottsdale area for a nice sandwich shop and have finally found one.  I was pleasantly surprised with Dilly's Deli today.  I ordered the sweet leaf turkey wrap, can you say "DELICIOUS"?  This is one of the best wraps I have had in a long time.  The turkey tasted great but when add the cranberries, feta and sweet walnuts...... YUMMY!  It came in a spinach wrap and the balsamic dressing was the right combo of sweet and tart.  Another good point was that I chose the "fresh brewed" raspberry iced tea, I have gone to places that you can tell the tea is old and not fresh, the beverage selection and the teas were delicious. The place was clean, the staff were very nice, and the music was good.  We ordered and our food was ready in no time.  If you want a nice change of pace and are looking for some unique gourmet sandwiches then I suggest going to DIlly's.  This place is a definite do over for me!
Gourmet, no.  I had a Reuben that was about as lackluster as they come.  Thick soggy rye, a scant amount of flavorless corned beef, they forgot the cheese, a small bit of sauerkraut and almost no dressing.  A flavorless mess that I tossed after a few bites.  Cheese soup was ok but it also seriously lacked flavor and the bread bowl had the consistency of a hamburger bun.  Greek salad wrap was ok but also mostly without flavor. 

It is cheap and they give you large portions which is good if that's what you're looking for but I won't be back.
I am not crazy about the sandwiches but every time I visit I must bring my son in Denver a Dilly's sandwich.  He loves them.  I wonder if it's more because of the good memories when he lived in the area than the sandwich itself.  Whatever I do stop and carry one or two home every time I am in the desert.
Their menu has changed from about a year ago, but you can still order the Honey-Do, which is soooo good even though it's not on the menu. I have been going to Dilly's deli since I was a little kid. It is usually packed with business types on the weekends. I'm not sure what happened but the food nowadays tastes different every time I go here, and now the macaroni salad tastes a little bit odd. Go here if you have nothing better to do. I say instead go to Wildflower Bread Co.
I love swinging by for the half Ruben salad combo and a large ice t.  Great service and quick makes this a reliable place to get a good lunch.  Here's a tip,  ask them if you can buy some of their fresh made bread for home!
Dilly's Deli caters Free Lunch Friday in Scottsdale and I enjoy it every time. They use big thick slices of fresh bread - perfect for carb lovers like me - and they use unique spreads which is refreshing to those of us who go to business lunch events all the time where sandwiches are the standard fare.
The bread was good, the cheese was good, the bacon was good....I'd like to tell you the turkey sandwich I ordered was good but I didn't get any turkey in my turkey sandwich, just the items I mentioned. My Greek salad was fresh but lacked dressing and any kind if signature to make it special. My bf had tuna melt, it was good. Nothing special he said. 
The staff was nice enough. Place was clean.  But doubt we will come back. A little pricey for what you get.
Great sandwich shop, with too many favorites to list.
Tasty. Especially good bread. Great satisfying, veggie sandwich!
I have been here so many times and tried many of their options. You can't go wrong with their half sandwich and soup (which comes in a tiny bread bowl. All of their sandwiches are great and they make them to order. The breads are so fresh and all ingredients ares but fresh each day. Their cookies are tasty and only $1. Go there-you will be glad you discovered this gem. You can even order a toasted cheese with tomato soup for a comfort food extravaganza. I add avocado and tomato to the sandwich and it is over the top.   Love this place and I've introduced many people and they all have enjoyed it. Also-the service is super friendly and they always remember who you are and what you like. Plus-they have wi-fi!!!
4 stars because they carry Blue Bell Ice Cream (which is odd for a place trying to mimic a real NY deli). I had the Brox Bomber (corned beef, pastrami, provalone, mayo and mustard) with a side of mayonaise potatoe salad. It was good and quick.

Downtown Chandler has really won me over.
Delicious deli subs. They offer the standards - turkey, ham, roast beef and their own deluxe version of the same. The Bronx Bomber, the ASU, grilled paninis, and the like. The potato salads tasted like they are made in house and are excellent and the brownies, which conveniently sit by the register are also made in house and absolutely delicious. Prices are really reasonable and if I needed a sub ever day then you would find me here!
The guy in front of me in line says to the gal at the cash register in a heavy New York accent, "Damn, your sandwich's, there like crack, man!" She smiles.  Me and the bruiser, well we have absolutely nothing in common, with the exception of my 100% agreement with his position on the sandwiches being addictive. I had another amazing, crazy fresh sandwich of sourdough, turkey and avocado and gave thought to after chewing one half daintily to just shoving the second half in my mouth whole so that my tastebuds wouldn't scream for the deliciousness between bites...the sandwichs, there like crack, man!!!
There's nothing new York about it really,but the owners there and he's nice!had lilys turkey cranberry which was good!a foot long will definitly be a leftover meal!
Had to give this one ONE BIG YUCH!
I miss this place... I used to ride my bike to this Deli quite often when I lived near downtown Chandler before I moved away.  Now I work near downtown Chandler and now I get the opportunity to return and I must say the quality of food is still there and very good.  There's a wide range of deli-type sandwiches always hand made and a choice of hot and cold stuff... salads and deserts too.

Just about every time I go in there Chandler PD is in there picking up food or eating in.... If the local cops eat there - you know it's good :)

Ray (owner) seems very involved in local news too and is a great guy to talk to when you're there.  Enjoy
For a fast food chain alternative NY NY is pretty good.  I've been a couple times and enjoyed my sandwich.  Today I had a small meatball sub - $4.99 with a nice pickle spear.  Freshly prepared food is worth waiting an extra couple of minutes.

So much better than Subway or Quiznos.  The owner and folks working here seem pretty friendly and genuine.

If this were closer to my office I would visit more often.
The service was fast and friendly.  The restaurant was clean.  I had the Italian sandwich; I can't remember it's menu name, but it was the one with Italian meats, seasonings, and oil and vinegar.  I wish I would've loved it, but to me, it was just OK.  Perhaps it was because I got it to go and had to wait 20 minutes before digging in?  The price was reasonable at about $5 for the small sandwich.  The location is not near to where I work or live, so it won't become my go-to deli, but I wouldn't be opposed to giving it another try in the future.
Great stop for a fresh and tasty sandwich. Friendly staff and easy parking makes this a regular lunch spot for me in downtown Chandler.
Small place in the downtown Chandler area, and pretty busy around the lunch hour.  I tried  their Philly, which was about a 3.5, and my girl tried their buffalo chicken wrap(she gave it a 3.0).

Friendly service and clean, with owner on site.
Nothing better than having a deli right next to work. Ray and his wife are very personable, always joking with customers, which gives this place a neighborhood feel. They also carry local newspapers which you can take for free, as well as draw a majority of the local PD and FD, adding to the local connection.

The first time I ate here, I have to admit, I was shocked by the quality of the food. The hot sandwiches are the best, and stacked with meat so they actually fill you up, as opposed to a Subway. If you happen to be there on a day when his wife has made a baked good, don't pass it up. Her brownies are gooey works of art.
Being from NY, I have been dying to try this place, but must say I was DEEPLY disappointed! Claiming it is NY Style is a lot to live up to and false advertising. The menu has many items that they no longer carry with a piece of paper covering them. Nothing on the menu is reminiscent of the City. In NY we have hoagies filled with stuff, Italians with the works, the classic meatball, Boards Head deli meats on display. There are no paninis there.  The selection boasts "Chandler Style Subs and even a California style something, but NO NY menu items in sight.

 My girlfriend and I both had the Tuscan Style Chicken Panini which was suppose to come on herb-roasted foccacia, but your choices were white or wheat. It was very watery and had no flavor. We had to keep adding salt and pepper. The side dish choice was either potato salad or a pickle. We both chose the potato salad, which came in a 2 FORKFUL bite size.There seemed to be no soup options on the menu, but when at the counter it said their soup of the day was chili. Where were the desserts? No NY cheesecake, no nothing. I didn't even see the ice cream someone else mentioned on here. The deli display case was completely empty, except for a few bottled waters, 2 gatorades and one loaf of deli meat, not a pleasing sight.  For $8.44 including tax, I believe that it was not a worthy experience. I am truly being honest and feel that's important because anyone that will go to this place expecting that it will be any way similar to the food you can get in NY, would be sorely mistaken.
Good sandwiches, great lunch specials. The Bomma is my favorite, but you pretty much can't go wrong here.
Great sandwiches , the best corn beef and pastrami , order the bomber!  so GOOOD!
Having lived in NYC, this is definitely not a NY Fresh Deli. I was expecting a lot higher quality and quantity. The wrap (Chicken Ceasar) was small, and the side (potato salad) was inside of a togo ketchup cup. Literally a spoon and a half full. Thats a side? Huh? Not anywhere I've lived. 

Food tasted, OK, but definitely not great. Just OK. The convenience of the place is good and its nice and clean. 

In the end, it should be renamed as the the Chandler Fresh Deli or something else.
I have been into this store a few times now with my sister, and they have some pretty hard-to-find import foods. They also have a few different kinds of Polish beer, which aren't really bad if you're into that sort of thing.

The store is quiet, there's not really anyone else in there whenever I'm in there. It's a great place if you're looking for food that isn't easy to acquire here. They also have breads, fresh meat, and quite a few dozen variations of sauerkraut. 

Also, like all Polish food stores they carry a LOT of pickled goods. This place is worth going to!

(I should also note, that Google Earth and Google Maps has this place listed in the WRONG location. It's just around the corner from Savers).
Great little deli. They carry meats and cheeses as well as pastries. Eva, the owner, was very nice and answered all our questions. Definitely will be back.
Great deli, very close to "German" style specialties.

Friendly (real Polish) folks with; assorted Rye Breads and pastries still warm in the AM, beers, import jellies & candies, Euro chocolates, Herring,  smoked/cured fish, so many krauts/pickled goods, Kilbasi & real hot dogs, many seasonings, sauce mixes, Polish magazines, sandwiches made to order, OMG...

Way too much to list and cost is way less than Frys for the same old comercial preservative laced, yada yada yada. This local "Mom & Pop Shop" has real meats & cheeses. Since they seem to have no artificial preservatives I go and go often. Today I got a fresh Rye, cold cuts, liver wurst and my favorite cheese that I can't find anywhere else. Cost for a bag full-o-goodies: under $25. Yes Way!

The shop is very clean, parking & acess is easy and it's in a nice area/neighbor hood. Try it, you'll like it.

A+++++
Very friendly and knowledgeable! They have a large variety of delicious deli meats and cheeses as well as fresh breads and pastries. Many different types of Polish beer. Sodas, syrups, pickles, sauerkraut, preserves, noodles, cookies, candy. This little shop is full of so many things! They also carry beauty products from Poland. You will be happy you went!
Once upon a time, before greedy traders and corrupt banks and people's inability to save money launched the U.S. into the second Great Depression, you could find a lot of German and Polish restaurants and food stores in the Valley.  Sadly, like the retirement accounts of so many so-called middle class Americans, these places have vanished along with their many customers, who no longer can afford to spend money on such non-essential luxuries.

Fortunately, Warsaw Village survived the economic catastrophe, though, like lots of businesses, it did so by considerably paring down its selection to avoid wastage and lost revenues therefrom.  Sadly, the shelves are no longer full in this store and for those who remember 'the good days', it's sort of sad to see.  Some of the now missing items are in the back; but a lot of it simply isn't carried anymore, because there just aren't as many customers showing up to buy anymore (or so it seems).  Every time I want to stop by here to pick up something, I always get a little churn in the pit of my stomach ... II keep expecting to show up and they won't be there anymore.

While places like Jana's Bakery has (finally) expanded their selection of non-bakery items on sale, Warsaw Village is still the place to go in the West Valley (actually, the WHOLE Valley) to buy a wide assortment of Polish dry goods, meats, alcohol, pickled vegetables and, especially, pierogi.  Their selection just can't be beat and they don't try and bulk up their offerings by throwing in Bosnian and other former Yugoslavian items, like many 'ethnic' places do to make it seem like they have more than they do.  None of that cheap, sketchy stuff is here:  the overwhelming majority of what they have on hand is Polish or made by places in the States specializing in Polish foodstuffs.  It simply is THE place to go to buy all these things (sadly, though, you need to skip the bread and Makowiec they pick up from other bakeries in the area ... they're usually not fresh by the time you get to it here).

Maybe, one day, when all the financial misery is behind us, places like Warsaw Village will once more open up and thrive as they did in better days.  For now, go and look and buy ... you may not have the opportunity to do so tomorrow.
A tree grows in Peoria, uh I mean Brooklyn.  A Brooklyn deli settled in Peoria of all places?  WTF is that all about?   

It's savvy business sense is what it is.  This corner of the Valley is starved for a New York / Italian deli - and from the throng of a lunch-time crowd I think my hunch is right.  This Denver-based deli is new to town, but is taking the Arrowhead area and this Golds Gym strip mall by storm.  If you get there between 12-1 you're looking at a wait about 10 people deep. 

NERD-ALERT ADVERTISING ASIDE
You might recall the two-stage clever billboard campaign about a year ago with with a UPS packaged look to it simply messaged with the words "Something is coming from Brooklyn." A ripped corner on the billboard a few weeks later revealed the logo and location.  Ok now, back to the review.

I had heard about the bread here, but didn't take those comments too seriously.  I swear to God.  I have never seen bread so huge, fluffy and decadent.  These freshly-baked loaves sit at the counter taunting would-be customers with their beauty and scrumptiousness.   The marble rye roll was as big as my face.  The sourdough, wheat and white slices must be an INCH AND A HALF THICK!  You walk up to the counter, place your order with your own sandwich maker - which Heidi's has at about 10 staff members deep!

The sandwich selections are typical of New York or Italian delis and the feel of the place with its clubby dark wood booth atmosphere there evokes Brooklyn alright.  I've had the Transplanted New Yorker and Cajun Turkey Avocados sandwiches.   The TNY comes with five Italian meats, provolone and a spicy chipotle aioli.  Holy crap was that sauce HOT.  I mean, I like my food spicy, but I got a big wad of that in one bite, and WOWEE it made me wince a bit.  Another more popular sandwich there (which I want to try next time) is Hells Kitchen - which silly me, I thought was a trendy Manhattan nabe.  The HK is egg salad, bacon, swiss, avocado and the spicy sauce.   Sounds weirdly decadent yet tasty all at once.  The best named item would have to be the "Make Your Own, But Don't Be a Pain in the Ass" Wrap - a more clever way to put it, eh?

If you're a Nathan's Famous hot dog fan, you can get your fix for that here too.   They don't mess around when it comes to portions - with meats on the heavy side.  But at $7 each the sandwiches aren't cheap either.   So you get what you pay for here.   The desserts are similarly fresh-baked, huge and delicious -- having had both the 5-inch square brownies and cookies.  I spied a delicious cannoli here, so keep that in mind too. 

After $9 and change you've got yourself some good deli grub, and probably might consider yourself a newly devout fan -- like I do.

Yes folks.  A tree grows in Brooklyn.  And a Brooklyn deli now grows in Peoria.

P.S. Biltmore and Downtown locations are opening later this year.
My wife and I were looking for a change of pace for lunch on a Saturday and since there aren't many good sandwich places in the west valley we decided Heidi's sounded good.

When we placed our orders they made the sandwiches right in front of us, Italian on a sub roll for my wife and a Reuben on marble rye for myself.  Wow, that bread was fantastic, you can tell that it's freshly made.  It's soft and moist, I loved it.  You get a choice of several types, but we stuck with the defaults.  The sandwiches were also generously piled with the ingredients, I had corned beef on sauerkraut.  The meat had great flavor and the sides were also quite wonderful.  You get your choice of potato salad, cole slaw, or chips.  I had the slaw and wife had the potato salad.  Both tasted better than store bought, but I think the sandwiches were the stars.

The store was roomy and open, it was fine for a deli.  The sandwiches were in the $6-$7 range.  There were soups and wraps as well.  We'll definitely be trying there again, as it's much better than Quizno's, Blimpies, and definitely Subway.
Another great lunchtime location.  They make a great Reuben sandwich smothered in kraut and nestled in the most delicious marble rye bread.  I usually get half corned beef and half pastrami.
The only downside to this place is the usual long line of people.  I go there probably about once every other month, and I don't think I've ever been there without waiting in a line at least 5 or 6 deep.  I think the ever-present lines say something about the place.
I work right by this place and have tried it a few times.  The food is good, especially the Transplanted New Yorker (or something like that). BUT, I have to say, its overpriced.  $9.00 for a sandwich and tiny bag of chips is too much in my opinion, so I won't be going there too often.  That's a shame because the food is quite good.
I love heidi's...it is a little more expensive, but I think it's worth it! When I worked down 83rd...everyone would tell me about this place and finally I went. The people there are really nice and gave me a couple extra coupons to hand out when I got back to work. I love love love their tuna salad...you can get all the fixings but I just like it with lettuce. The sandwich is huge...thats why you have the option of half a sandwich. The bread is delicious, wish I could remember what type it is. It's only open for lunch and it can get pretty busy in here around noon so be warned. There were a couple times I came in on a lunch break took a look at the line and had to bone out and just go hungry for the day *tear* It's bad because you know when you crave something and nothing else sounds good. You get a pickle and a side with your meal..I get the slaw.
Heidi...I don't know if all deli's are like this in Brooklyn, if they are I surely don't need to visit then.  Very, very dull and boring inside with no pizazz at all.  I was hoping to emulate a NYC trip by coming here, but that didn't quite happen.  

The sandwich I had, the reuben with pastrami on rye bread wasn't too bad.  The meat and saurkraut were about average.  The highlight was the bread as it was very fresh and full of flavor.  At least they got something right here.

Overall I may or may not come back here.  I'm sure the place serves the lunch business crowd and that's what it's good for.
OK, so it's in a strip mall in Peoria and the dull decor isn't some throwback to New York. The bread, however, is full and flavorful, the sandwiches are HUGE with lots of meat (or egg in the case of the egg salad sandwich) and simple toppings, and the services is very. A little pricey, but worth it if you're in the area.
When in doubt, take a recommendation from some of the regulars.

The chicken salad sandwich is to die for. Well, maybe not actually, really, die for... but I'd drive there and pay full price for it.

Other reviewers are right -- this place is a bit pricey if you are on a budget -- but the way to get around that is to go for the daily special. For right around $6 you are out the door with your huge sandwich; a choice of chips, potato salad or coleslaw; and a drink. $1.50 buys you a giant chocolate chip cookie for dessert.

The other secret is that they sell their bread (if they have any left) after 2 pm. I'm still waiting to get a loaf of their sourdough to make into french toast on the weekend.
Fantastic food, filling and satisfying at the same time.  The only thing wrong with this place the last few times I've gone in has been the clenliness of the eating area. Food crumbs and trays don't make for a pleasent environment.

The food, however, makes up for it.
Love this place, they have the BEST corned beef sandwiches around! A little pricey but not horrible, a little dull inside. But all around great sammies.
I come here for lunch every now and then and am usually pretty happy with my sandwich. I always get the hell's kitchen its super yummy, egg salad with bacon avocado and a Delicious Cajun spicy mayo on fresh soft sourdough bread.  Last time I was here I got a chicken salad sandwich and was very disappointed just tasted a little funky and I didn't like the dark meat it had in it. Good soups and they have smoothies and ice cream as well.   Definitely not cheap but the sandwiches are so huge I usually split it with who ever I am with.
Great, friendly service and the rueben is awesome!!
I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE sandwiches and this is by far my favorite sandwich place!!!  There is enough meat on one sandwich for at least 4 Footlong sandwiches at subway!  Fresh bread, veggies and an overall pleasant experience.  The people are always friendly.  I wish there was one in the East Valley!!!!
In my never ending quest to find a good east coast deli hot pastrami sandwich I decided to stop by Heidi's Brooklyn Deli.  I was somewhat apprehensive yet optimistic when I pulled up to Heidi's for lunch the other day. After all there were several "signs of goodness" as carefully evaluated my surroundings upon entering Heidi's. 

Sign #1 this place was going to be good; they were very busy when I walked in; hence there might be a reason why, busy usually = good eats.     

Sign #2 this place was going to be good; I noticed there were a lot of older peeps, aka snow-birds eating here as I walked in; hence there might be a reason why, older peeps usually know where the good deli's are.     

Sign #3 this place was going to be good; the smell of fresh cooked bread hits you in the face as you walk in; hence there might be a reason why, fresh cooked bread usually = fresh cooked everything

Well to my chagrin this did not hit mark but it was an enjoyable experience. My hot pastrami was shaved cold cut and heated. My rye was the best feature of this main event.  It was awesome, well balanced with just enough crisp vs chew and extremely fresh. My potato salad and cole slaw was store bought not fresh.  I asked the person that was waiting on me why they don't offer more fresh options and she stated it's all about the bread and their fresh approach to sandwich selections.  

They offer several different sandwich selections other than the traditional such as a chipotle chicken with guac, spicy may, veggies on a baguette or bread of your choice.  I sampled that as well on a second visit and it was good but most definitely not east coast.

Lesson learned; Pay no attention to "signs" for people have different taste and expectations of what a good deli should be in Phoenix.  Heidi's is a great alternative to burger and fries. They have wonderful breads and offer a good selection of sandwiches, salads and soups.
I love the Salomon melt!!! although I am a little lethargic now and need a nap. =)
Just a bragging point: I've totally been to the original Heidi's Brooklyn Deli in Denver, Colorado. Its Peoria counterpart is a fantastic place to get lunch in the West Valley. 

I have sampled quite a few of the menu items. I do tend to stay away from anything with mustard, ham, bologna type meats, and rye bread. However, the meatball on Italian bread and the chicken marinara on French bread are delicious menu options. I also like the Club sandwich on the croissant. They also have a "build your own" option if nothing on the menu looks appealing (an impossible feat). Every sandwich comes with a bag of chips and a pickle. 

The milkshakes and malts are made from real ice cream (also available by the scoop) with generous portions. All of the desserts are fabulous, but they advertise the cheesecake as "homemade" and I'm pretty sure it is not. 

Heidi's also serves breakfast, but I've never gotten around to trying it. I would love to sample their lox bagel because it looks out of this world. 

The prices are more than reasonable for the portion sizes and quality that Heidi's offers! My only complaint is that the restaurant keeps odd hours. It seems like they are never open when I get a sandwich craving!
I had a breakfast sandwich - egg, bacon, pepper jack cheese on a jalopeno bagel! I loved mine, but my 15 yr old daughter was unimpressed with her roasted turkey on wheat. She just said it was boring. It needed some pizazz. 

This probably doesn't need mentioning, because this was our first time at Heidi's, but the place wreaked of some sort varnish or something.  They said it was from the place next door that was under construction. I was simply disgusted with the smell. Almost had to leave.

The food was good though and I'll be back for more, and to see if it always stinks of something other than deli food.
I recently went to Heidi's for the first time and it was great. They had a white board with the day's special written on it: a chicken salad sandwich that came with mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato and onion, your choice of a side, potato salad, coleslaw, or chips, and a fountain drink for $5.95! What a great deal! We asked the girl working if she liked the chicken salad and she replied that she did not like it because they use honey in it. I appreciated her honesty and got it anyway, I like honey! The chicken salad was great! Certainly not what I expect chicken salad to taste like, but delicious. I chose to have it on pumpernickle bread, which they bake fresh. I decided on potato salad for my side. It is made with red potatos and tasted good but the portion was very small! Now that I know how tiny the side portions are, I will always get a bag of chips instead.
I am excited to go back and try some real deli classics and see what else they offer for cheap daily specials!
I love Heidi's!!!  I go here often and always receive friendly service and delicious food.  My husband and kids love it too.  As many before me have said, the bread is fantastic. We buy loaves when we are there so we can enjoy it at home. I've tried the eggplant parm sandwich, egg salad, veggie, grilled veggie and a few others and all have been excellent!  I'm a vegetarian, so it's nice to have lots of choices here.  My husband has had roast beef, Italian, pastrami and other subs and has always been happy.  I send friends and family here. Everyone has been happy.  I highly recommend Heidi's!
Heidi's is as good as any NY deli !!!

The best pastrami and Swiss I have ever had. 

They make all of their bread fresh on site.
I cant understand how this place is still in business, the food is over priced, the quantity is little unless you like lots of bread but not enough meat for the $8 sandwich. went  there 2 times and will not go back again.
They asked me if I wanted my sandwich heated and immediately threw it in the microwave and then wanted me to pay $10 for it.  After looking around for hidden cameras to see if I was being punked I declined the meal and went next door and got great Gyro.
At first the atmosphere reminded me of Wildflower with the set up and seating but they make your sandwich to order right in front of you which takes a little while and can back up the line.  I love that you can see how they make it from scratch and event the bread is getting baked while your their.  They did tell me that the Hells Kitchen and Cajun Turkey with Avocado were their best sellers and it lived up to some pretty good hype.  I ordered the HK and wife had CTA, my HUGE sandwich has egg salad, bacon, cheese, avocado, and cajun sauce....WOW was this sandwich so fricken good that I ate the whole thing and that caused problems later for me.  The combination of all those ingredients is making me hungry right now but just dont eat the whole thing.  My wife loved her CTA and we will definitely go back.
i have to agree with benjamin p. i used to go there alot but always felt like i was bothering them with my business..havent been back in a while..i felt like a sandwich today and was gonna give it another try til i read the most recent reviews..i guess i will go somewhere else....
I had eaten here once before and I guess the food was just OK because they are only a couple of miles from where I live and I had not gone back. Well I wanted a hot dog and I was in the area so decided to give a go. When I was at the counter I remembered my last visit. Food was good but there was way to much bread. They do have a great selection of bread. They slice it thicker than store bread. The sandwiched appeared to have a generous amount of "Fixings". If that is proper to say. But I did not have a sandwich. I had a hot dog. And a very good hot dog at that. Nice and plump. Then with all the great breads they have they put the hot dog in a plain old hot dog bum. It would of been a 4 with a better bun. Just a suggestion. 

Decoration? Hey it is a sandwich shop. Appropriate decor for a sandwich shop. Staff was friendly but may of been a little more helpful. Since it was not posted what came on the hot dog I asked. Response, "anything you want". No we don't have that. Kinda of a guessing game. The atmosphere was very noisy and it was not very busy at the time we visited. Lots of loud people. 

I will be back and try one of their sandwiches.
Will never eat here again. Sandwich was meteocre and overpriced. On top Of that I was charged more than I was told the total was. Horrible first time experience!
I love this deli and lucky for me, it's right around the corner!

Everything I have ever ordered has been fresh and delicious and comes with a smile from the friendly staff. I highly recommend the Pastrami and no matter which bread you choose, it's all made in house and is incredible!
Really great place! Staff is very friendly! and work hard! I work right next to it so it's my main choice for lunch. The bread is really something, along with the Cajun sauce "YUM!" Their "Hell's Kitchen" is to die for. They are expensive but it's worth it because the quality is out of this world! Great ingredients and secret recipes. 

I eat a lot of Heidi's and I can say their service and food is consistent which is uncommon but a real treat!
Excellent food made accurately and quickly. Very well priced. Friendly and helpful staff.
Food is fine, just too expensive for what you get.
Love this place. Sandwiches are so big that I can split it between 2. Great fresh bread and soups as well.
This was a spur of the moment decision on my way home the other night and it was one I do not regret. I was buying for my husband and myself, assuming we would do halfsies, so need two sandwiches. 

Having never eaten here before, I carefully read the entire menu and decided, to get a feel for the place, I would go old school, hot corned beef with mustard on marble rye, and new school, Cajun turkey with avocado on sour dough. I watched them slice my bread from big fresh loaves and proceed to construct the goodness. Let me say that turkey sandwiches typically do not thrill me, even with the addition of one of god's perfect food, the avocado, but when the dust settled, I admit that I would order the Cajun turkey over the corned beef (which was excellent) ANY DAY. It was spectacular!  The bread totally made these sandwiches! Soft and yet dense and BIG, it is worth a trip in just for that.

We also added an "Awesome Salad" (that was the name) with greens, cubed fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, red onion and more avocado. Name was pretty appropriate.  We will be back!

Actually, as I write this, it's 10 am and I am contemplating going back for another Cajun turkey... :)
This is not the first time I've been to heidi's But I will be the first to admit she makes an absolutely amazing sandwich make sure you get there early before 1130 or late after 130 because if you get there at 12:30 expect to wait and wait they can make a sandwich fast But not that fast If you happen to be in the area great place to try all their sandwiches are absolutely delicious including their French dip their pastrami is great and they never hold back on the meat
I stopped in on the recommendation of a friend. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was nice. I ordered their "sub" sandwich and for $7 this thing is pretty big, I'm a big guy and could barely finish it. It also came with choice of chips, potato salad or something else that I can't remember (sorry), and a crisp pickle slice. 

I chose the potato salad and really enjoyed it quite a bit. I'd almost go as far to say that I'd go back just to get more. As for the sandwich it was pretty good. Not the best I've ever had but the ingredients were fresh and plentiful. I'd give it 5 stars but the bread was a little too much like a store bought loaf to me, versus freshly made on location. 

Overall I enjoyed my meal and will stop by again next time I'm in the area to try some of their many more options from the menu, maybe from the hot sandwich side.
I love the food here it is some of the best sandwiches I have ever had, but I will make sure when I go again I will not order or stay when they have three of the rudest don't care about their jobs kids working behind the counter. They made me feel like it was an Inconvenience  that they had to help me. Stood in front of the blond with a pink bandana in her hair for 3 minutes before she said a word to us.  Then she said someone will be with you in a Minute. Well low and behold she ended up helping us (if that's what we are calling the poor customer service). The young boy behind the counter you could tell was not real excited about being there and was wanting to be somewhere else and the third dark haired girl looked lost and scared and had no clue just sat and stared blankly. So yes I will go there but will walk out if I see any of these three behind the counter.
I live within a mile of Heidi's and have been coming her regularly for several years. I have never been disappointed with the food. Everything I've tried has been great. The restaurant is typically clean and I usually have good service.
Food is good if you like to be charged TWICE!!

I work nearby and my coworkers recommended this location. I went a couple times and the amounts being charged to my account were more as compared to my receipt. Before noticing this issue; I found another. I made a CASH purchase for $13.31. and a card purchase of $3.27 and then found both transactions on my card history!!!!

So, they actually charged me cash and then charged my card. Double charges have not only happened to me but ALL of my coworkers that have been to this location. My boss the other day told me he didn't go to heidis at all that week (or the week before) and found several transactions from heidis on his card. So they are also storing your card information. SCARY!!!!!!!

IF you decide to go there; take ONLY cash and keep your receipts.

Oh, forgot to mention, the employees are rude and they get your order wrong.
So... The food is awesome but BRING CASH ONLY!!! I have been eating here for years and everything was copasetic until a month ago when I bought a sammich and brownie and the next thing you know, I'm suddenly trying to spend $485 at Wal Mart, buying gas in Boston, Philly, and going to the Home depot in Pittsburgh... all from the comfort of my recliner in Buckeye, AZ! So of course I'm bitching about this at work (right down the street from Heidi's) and 3 of my coworkers who all went there for lunch on the same day had the same thing happen to them! Not a huge fan of debit card fraud, but the cajun turkey sammich is pretty tasty... So, if youre feeling lucky, I recommend Heidi's Brooklyn Deli!
Food is sooo good here!! Hands down the best, freshest bread in town! I would go here and just eat the bread!! But the sandwiches  are very good too. The line can get long sometimes but they always move quickly and it's worth any wait
Just because it says Deli and says Brooklyn, do not mistake for Jewish or New York. 
Sadly, this place felt like a glorified Subway but the fact that the bagels come off the Sysco truck clinched the truth for me. Good thing the Dunkin' Donuts across the parking lot has bagels too!
The service was wonderful.  They even take fax orders. Food is fantastic and convenient.  Thanks to all the staff at Heidi ' s for making my co-workers and I very satisfied while working on Sunday.
The staff was friendly but the food was on par with what you'd buy at a QuikTrip gas station - for twice the price. Save yourself some money and travel: Make yourself a sandwich at home. You'll get a better sandwich.
Been here a few times. Definitely not the most original bagels, somewhat overpriced. Reuben was decent quality but didn't taste good. Had a few other bagels and coffee and they weren't so good. Service is great.
I'd say this is a nice little place to stop off for a quick sandwich. I haven't had any bad experiences the employees are friendly and the foods pretty good. It's nothing too different than your normal subway/Quiznos joint.
I've been here twice and had lovely experiences both times. Yesterday, my friend and I were in the area, and I suggested Heidi's. The line was long, but the employees were working fast. The sourdough bread, cut fresh for my sandwich, was still slightly warm from the oven. I added avocado (generous portion for only 50 cents) to my chicken salad sandwich. It was divine, and far more than I could finish, so I have my lunch for today as well!  Total cost with a drink was $9 and change... Not unreasonable at all. Employees were friendly and while the service was a bit slow, I'm convinced that good food takes time, so I'll wait and not get worked up over it. I will be going back to Heidi's every time I'm in the neighborhood!
Decided to come here since it was close to Hertz Rental and we were in the mood for deli sandwiches. I ordered the Genoa Salami and Provolone on Italian and they made it just right. It's a little expensive and the taste was pretty good but nothing amazing. I don't like that the combo only comes with 1 bag of chips (lays) and if you want a different kind, you have to pay extra. That's kinda weird and ridiculous in my book. We ordered a smoothie and it was okay. Not really any flavor and kind of bland. Kind of bummed me out but no biggie.

They have a big dining room with plenty of seating so that was nice. The customer service was friendly. Just a little too expensive.
I ordered the Italian submarine on an Italian hoagie with coleslaw and a tropical smoothie. 

It was good. Fresh. Coleslaw was kind of gross. Smoothie was delicious! Clean atmosphere, but looks kind of old. Friendly staff. Good place, but nothing too special.
Gotta agree, staff isn't the most upbeat. Seemed annoyed when I mentioned, Yelp listed them closed. Sandwhich was good, better thank Quiznos. Wish they had more veggie topping options. I had the chicken salad on pumpernickle. Very generous sized sandwhich for price.
ordered a Rueben sandwich and they microwaved the meat and kraut, pathetic excuse for a NY Deli.
Best Reuben I have ever had with so much meat and sauerkraut I couldn't finish it.
Not bad for the price.
Our kitchen was basically under construction, and our bellies were empty from all the hard work. Pizza or Chinese just wasn't going to cut it. I wanted a sandwich -- a GOOD sandwich. Not a sub -- a sandwich. 

That's how I managed to track down Archie's. It portrays itself as a traditional New York style deli. Well, I don't know about all that, but they do make some fine sandwiches.

All their sandwiches have goofy names, none of which I remember, and they didn't have any to-go menus. The sandwiches are listed on huge boards over the counter -- one board for each main ingredient: beef, pastrami, ham, chicken, fish, and vegetarian. 

We went with a hot pastrami with swiss and grilled onions on pumpernickel, and a chicken salad on challah. The breads for both were just plain awesome. I really enjoyed the pastrami. The chicken salad, while better than most, was still slightly off. I think it was kind of sweet, which was just weird. Same with the potato salad -- odd, but not bad.

I was surprised that they didn't serve Dr. Brown's sodas. I got a Boylan's diet cherry soda, which was actually fantastic. That was just one of the things that makes it untraditional deli. I'd say the place is more "modern" deli. 

I also can't tell if it's a chain or not. The signage is all well done and matchy-matchy, though slightly worn, which makes me thing "chain." But the staff all seems like family, and there are some quirky things that make me think, "indy." Maybe it's a franchise. I don't know, and I guess it doesn't really matter.

Also of note, they had an extensive and tasty looking breakfast menu, featuring things like lox and halibut. I'll have to remember that, the next bleary Sunday morning I experience, when the cupboard is empty.

EDIT: Hey I just found their website, where you can check out the menus. I asked the Yelp admins to add it.
$24  bill for   2 sandwiches chips and  drinks.  Ok it's an unfair comparison but  this is a strip mall in Glendale not  at fricking Westgate  so the food / service better be insanely good.

I had a large sandwich,  wifelette had a small sandwich..   sandwiches were same size!  That's a  problem when there's a $2 disparity and I'm not sure if this is an aberration but it's one that doesn't bode well for a return. 

 They do  have silly names  which requires a load of scanning  , though helpfully broken up into   meat / shape types:,  I found that after ordering there were two or more signs now apparent with today's offers on them it's pretty busy  from a couple of feet. E.g  regrets instantly for not seeing what else they had:)  And given that there's a lot of out of stock / discontinued on the board  it may take a first timer a while to check out all that's available ( then again maybe you have a go to sandwich so all is happy and well in your land. 

It's really good food, fresh and while the custom components are there I felt that they were shy, ne embarrassed to be on the bread. E.g   Dan and Debbie's Fiesta  had skimmings of the sauce and other ingredients so  either it's attempt to be subtle or  just  as tight assed a sandwich as the basis for my review:) $10 sandwich   better be worthy of Mia's  $5  shake:) 

  Again  this is only  1  experience  so I may go back and see if this is how it's meant to be  but It's really a 3.5 to me  at present.
This place is CLOSED

R.I.P.  This place was right down the street from me in the Safeway shopping center.  The only sandwich I ever had there was one containing avocado.  The mashed avocado was really brown and bad tasting.  The overall sandwich was not that great and I didn't care for the potato salad.  I never went back.  Last night I stopped next door at GNC and the place was cleared out.
Apparently this place has reopened in Surprise.  And it is now reflected on their website, which it didn't before.  I still wouldn't go there because I didn't like the food but maybe I caught them on a bad day.
This was my all time favorite place to go before I moved to California. I use to go to the one located in Chandler but it was a bit of a way, I was ecstatic to find out they were opening one in Gilbert near me at the time.

There are so many items to choose from, you have your standard deli selection of sandwiches along with paninis and wrapinis (sandwich wrapped in a tortilla and grilled) or the huge muffeletta(s). You can choose from a variety large salad plates or you can choose the salad bar. There's soup, pasta, plus a soft serve area. One of my go to items I get when I can't seem to choose is the Spud of Broc potato W/chicken, this isn't your average baked potato, this thing is HUGE and quite filling.  
Oh how I wish they would open one near me in the Bay Area.
I love this place!!  The sandwiches are awsome.  The french onion soup is the best I've had and it is vegetarian!!  Plus you get free frozen yogurt (that tastes like ice cream) with your meal!
Layout of the place was a bit confusing when I first got there on my first time, since I was trying to take an order to go, but didn't know where to go..
I ended up in the line 'for here', but they were patient enough with me to explain which area was for take-out, how I can create my own salads to go (awesome idea), and what sandwiches they offer. 

The Rueben sandwich had perfectly, thin-sliced meat piled high, with plenty of sauerkraut mushed in between fresh slices of bread. Sweet sweet aroma. It was nice to go down the salad bar and choose what ever toppings I wanted..plenty of variety and the whole boiled eggs are something that I haven't seen at other salad bars. Everything is really fresh, and is very similar to a sanwich shop back in CA (called Erik's deli) for those who know what I'm talking about. But sandwiches are a bit bigger here. Bit pricey but beats me making a sandwich when I get lazy.
I love food, I love sandwiches and I'm a huge fan of Jason's Deli.   I've been going to this location since they opened liked 3 years ago.   

Today's visit did not disappoint.  I had the Beefeater, a huge mound of roast beef and provolone on a french roll with a side of Au jus.  For dessert strawberry shortcake, fresh strawberries, real whipped cream on a yellow cake.  Everything was fresh and wonderful.   As I always do I was overstuffed and regret not just getting half a sandwich.  I had their sweet tea to drink and that is always really good.

My usual favorite is the Portabello Wrapini which is over the top good.  It's a little spicy but the flavors just make you want more.  

With each sandwich you also get a choice of regular or baked chips.  

If you are ever in Mesa and want a good sandwich I recommend them for both lunch and dinner.
This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. I really like the atmosphere, and the quick service coupled with good - and huge - sandwiches. I've never tried their salad bar, but they also have really, really good ice cream free for anyone (even if you don't order anything), which is always a fun way to finish off the meal. I like to get the Beefeater, but I like almost everything they have. Occasionally the person at the register seems a little harried or rushed and doesn't stop to explain certain specials or meal deals, which has resulted in me or a friend not getting what they expected. I always try to take it slow when ordering.

The next thing I want to try is one of their baked potatoes!
I think I got the wrong thing..
I got a chicken salad on french..the half...with a drink
came out to 8$ for about a 5in sandwich..
hella weak in my book..
i saw people with huge pastrami, and roast beef...mine was just tiny..
ill stick to corporate subway
I just don't know what to get here I guess.  I've had the club royal, the pastrami, muffaletta, Italian sub. I look around and I see everyone really enjoying there food but it just doesn't do it for me. I think I'm doing something wrong. I hate the fact that they center load their sandwiches that make the meat portions look huge (it's hard to get the first bite in your mouth)  but by the time you get to the end of the bun it is just bread. I should just tell them to keep their chips because i never eat them.  I just don't really like potato chips. I wasn't aware the ice cream was complimentary.
I was visiting Arizona, and my friends who live there kept on taking me to places which specialised in "heart attack on a plate" meals, involving lots of fat, and not a lot of greens. I was really craving something healthy, when my new best friend took me to Jason's. I love this place! Lots of choices, and, more importantly, lots of *healthy* choices. It also has a relaxed, friendly atmosphere which I appreciated. It's just too bad that we don't have any Jason's in Canada.
so i went in again..just to try it one more time...
it took over 15 mins for the sandwich to be made, then when the manager was bringing it out, he stopped to converse at the table of a former employee...I was at the counter looking for it, to ask that that make it a to-go order, because i was going to be late..when the manager finally made it back with my order, the sandwich was made incorrectly. this wasn't a custom sandwich either, one of they're own creations. So...the manager offered to give me my money back and apologized. I told him of my last experience, and said he could keep his $20 gift card because i didn't want to waste any more of my time in that expensive, bland, so called "deli".
I don't usually review chain restaurants, but chain restaurants usually don't offer affordable, organic, delicious selections--especially without being too pretentious about it. 

Jason's is just that place.  One of my best friends turned me on to it a few years ago and now it is the go-to for a healthy, inexpensive lunch that feels like a taste-bud splurge.

The thing about Jason's is that while it is environmentally responsible as well as body-responsible you don't have to compromise your deli experience in the process of all this responsibility.  If I took my dad here (a usual litmus test for whether or not something is too hippy dippy) he would just think it was a normal, cool deli with good food.  

EXTRA PLUS: 
-Complimentary bran and corn muffins, crackers, garlic bread, and soft serve frozen yogurt

Order at the counter, but get served wherever you pick to sit.  It gets a little crowded at lunch time, but I'm always amazed with how smoothly and quickly the line and fresh food preparation goes.

They also deliver and cater...going to try to make myself remember that for the next work function where we order out.
They have a limited time thing going on right now with BBQ chicken pizza (not sure how long it's going to last) but let me just say it was amazing.  Probably THE best BBQ Chicken pizza I have ever had.  I have tried other things too, like the tomato basil soup, and many of their sandwiches ... very good, very fresh - every time.  

The 5 stars is for the pizza, but if I were to rate Jason's Deli over all they would get about a 4.
Great deli food and fresh choices for the whole family. Great news, kids eat free on Wednesdays after 4!
I love Jason's Deli.  It is always super tasty.
Its a glorified sandwich shop. There wasn't anything that was too spectacular. I had the Royal Club and it was a good sandwich, but it wasn't great...
This restaurant is the healthiest fast food place you will enjoy!  Whether you eat in or get your order as take out, you will know you're feeding your body healthful and delicious food!  My family and I probably have them every other week.  I can't pick out one thing on the menu that's my fav because everything is good!  Enjoy!
Jason's Deli is always solid. You have to try the French Onion Soup w/ their awesome salad bar. I also enjoy their "Wrapinis" and the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich(SO GOOD!) Everything is FRESH! 

The staff at this particular Jason's Deli is always fast and friendly and the restaurant is very clean! 

Great, quick lunch spot!!
Jasons deli is really awesome i rarely eat outside the box but i always try a new sandwhich at Jasons! Every sandwhich is so good and made just how i like it. The resteraunt is clean, in a nice location, and the people there are really friendly.
This is one of our favorite places for lunch! I'm gonna clue you all into the best things on their menu: The Broccoli cheese soup is creamy and delicious, great for a cold winters day, probably the best that you can get since Chilis no longer has theirs. Their chicken salad sandwich on a croissant (do the build your own) with lettuce and tomato is amazing, chicken salad probably the best I have ever had with bits of pineapple in it (how original is that?). I also love their SW chicken chili which is pretty healthy with only around 250 calories per serving if I remember right. The roasted tomato tuna wrap is very tasty for being on their "healthy menu." (see next paragraph for what I really think of their healthy menu). Their ceasar side salad is fricken huge and the dressing is terrific, very light which is surprising for ceasar. Their salad bar has alot of great stuff to choose from and I love that you can get pasta and potato salad up there as well. Their pasta salad and tuna pasta salad are to die for. Lets see, what else. their fruit cup is always full of fresh fruit and my favorite kinds too (strawberries, cantelope, and grapes), and the dip that comes with it is sooooo good and different. Its a creamy yogurt dip but it is an amazing accompaniment with fruit. Lastly, I am going to clue you all into a little secret: Their desserts are scrumptious! Well at least the two I have had. Believe it or not, they probably have the best baklava and strawberry shortcake I have ever tried!!! For not being a Greek place, they do a mean baklava! It is light but so sweet and nutty the way that baklava should be in my opinion. The shortcake is great too and is very large with lots of berries. A little tip: when ordering a sammich, they automatically come with chips. I don't think they are very good, taste like ruffles, so for a little extra I always order a different side like pasta salad or fruit and you should too!
Ok so now that you know what to order. Here are some other things you probably would need to know. Its a walk up restaurant and you have to get your own drinks. They bring your food out to you but there is no tipping involved which is always nice in my opinion. They may be a little pricier than some sammich shops like say Subway, but I wouldn't say they are overly expensive like Paradise Bakery. The service is always quick and friendly. Their catering is terrific and everything is always fresh and delicious. Very quick too. I can call an hour before I need the trays ready and they will have them ready for me when I need them. Here is the only downside I see with this place: their "healthy items" on the menu. If you actually look up the calorie counts on these, you will be shocked, they are no different from most of the other items on their menu. I was hugely disappointed when I was on a mission to lose weight and found out that the turkey wrap I had been ordering that was supposed to be healthy was most likely the thing holding me back from my 125 pound aspirations. In any event, the wrap was delicious so I should have known better. Haha. Can't ding them too bad for one little glitch on their menu. Lastly, most important part! What you can get for free: crackers, mini cornbread and gingerbread muffins, toast points, and frozen yogurt! I LOVE FREE STUFF so I take full advantage! Need some crackers at work for soup, look in my desk drawer, piles of them thanks to Jason's! Need my sweet fix, go to Jason's, pay tree fitty for a bowl of soup and then get a free yogurt cone! Woot Woot, I love you Jason's
Reuben sandwich w salad AND soup and all three totally bland! I'm sad that I didn't enjoy this place because I LOVE delis. Damn.
I have made Jason's Deli a serious habit!  Their menu offers a great variety of healthy food, and each entree I have tried has been fantastic!  Their pickles are delicious and their service is friendly.
UGH. I gave you another chance, Jason, and you served me a pasta salad with more oil than the Exxon spill. Thanks for the headache.
I still love Jason's but have a couple of complaints about my recent ventures there. First, the salad bar hasn't been stocked up the last few times I have been. One time there was barely any potato salad and another, there was no lettuce. How can you have a salad bar without lettuce?
Second, the Broccoli cheese soup has been hit or miss lately. There have been times it has been delicious, creamy and warm. Other times, it has been too thick and not very hot almost like its been sitting around
Lastly, they need to make sure they are cleaning their fruit properly, namely strawberries. There have been two times now when I ordered a fruit cup and found berries with mud on them. Completely disgusting. 
I am hoping that maybe management at this location will see these complaints and work to correct them. 
Other then these issues, Jason's still remains a solid contender for lunch with me and my co workers.
I always get the Big Joe! The staff is pretty friendly and it's DELICIOUS!! I've also had the chicken alfredo - it's good, but I don't like the penne noodles. I much rather the fettucini noodles!
The Meatballa is way better than I expected, and I expected it to be pretty good. Also, I got free ice cream. So there would have been 5 stars given just for that. Ha!
I love, love, LOVE Jason's Deli! The staff is awesome and always friendly. Their salads are to die for - BUT everything on the menu is great!
I had a chicken panini and was more than enough! It was dinner and lunch!

They have this special bread that is like a big bun. The people is very friendly and patient to explain their different options. Nice place, and for sandwiches it was just good.
Awesome salad bar with great selections. They have a nice computer feature if you're getting the salad bar and paying with credit or debit. Skip the long line and head to the kiosk on the right.
I enjoy Jason's, but I do think this location needs some TLC.

The food is very good, never had anything I didn't enjoy.

The decor and cleanliness need a lot of help. The floor was very dirty, almost like the tables are wiped right onto the floor. 

The beverage area was a little misplaced, maybe some more attention there would benefit.

Over all good, but not great.

Will come back and review again.
This place is a decent fast restaurant. I went here last night to pick up dinner with the BF. After much deliberation, he got a turkey sandwich and I got the soup and sandwich combo with the chicken pot pie soup and the chicken panini. The soup was good and the chicken they use in it is white meat, which I thought was a nice touch. The sandwich was far less good. The meat tasted like it had been cooked long ago and frozen or something and the sandwich just wasn't very flavorful or fresh tasting. The BF's sandwich was alright, but he was a bit miffed that they charge 50 cents for cheese.... not so cool. The people who worked there were nice enough, however, and they gave us each a pickle, which was nice. This wouldn't be my number one place to go get a sandwich, nor would I ever crave the food from here, but it's ok. If you want to eat some ok food, this place will do.
This place has pretty amazing sandwiches.  I get the New York Yankee and it is always great.  Big enough for two meals.  Last time my boyfriend and I split one of our sandwiches for lunch and the other for dinner.  They are huge!! They are delicious.  I have only tried a couple so I don't consider myself an expert, I haven't tried the salad bar there really...  It is always packed when I go there which I guess means a lot of people really like it but makes me feel kind of claustrophobic. :S  I would for sure advise people to give this place a chance if they have been pondering it.  I think the food is yummy and satisfying. :)
I never actually eat at their location... I get it delivered. Their food is good and their drivers are always super nice... but damn! They NEVER get my order right. How hard is extra red onion and NO NO mustard? It always comes the other way around: EXTRA mustard (HATE IT) and NO onions!! WTF. I called to complain and they didn't even bother to rectify it. BOO Jason's deli. You should make it right. It's sad because I do like their food... you cannot beat their potato salad.
Everytime I come in here the food is great. The price is right. I love the salad bar.
Stopped by here for the first time for a quick sandwhich. The corn beef was as good as it gets and compared to NY deli's, the quantity was great!  I especially like the "lighter portion" offerings, just in case you aren't really THAT hungry.  Great looking salad bar, which I must try the next time I am there. My hat off to the bus boys. They were very quick and looked to keep our table clean!
Great service. Great sandwiches. And free soft serve for dessert.
Had a lunch meeting with a client this afternoon.  Stand in line, place your order, fix your own drink, have a seat and they bring your food out.  Had the ruben (not bad) came with potato chips.  The sandwich was on grilled rye with a little dressing, lots of crout and a good amount of beef (a little dry).  Let's say I won't be ordering it again, large operation mid price point with lots of noise... Pricy for a sandwich joint...
I've often heard of Jason's Deli but never really had the hankering to try until my friend France R. was actually in that side of town and was looking for some healthy food for our dinner. I don't think there could have been a better choice in the area. Just options for every type of taste bud! What surprised me the most was the variety of foods that  they offered. I came in thinking "typical sandwich place...OMG tomato soup!?" It's definitely a place that I can keep revisiting and not get bored of because they have so much to offer.
Pretty good sandwiches. I've always just done take out from this location, a few times they have had trouble getting the order right. However, we keep coming back for fresh sandwiches and soup.
Food was delish. Unfortunately, they only list the calories for 4 items on thier  menu. They didn't offer a calorie brochure, instead they had a binder which they looked thru. Since they were unable to find the item in question, I ultimately ordered one of the four items (less desirable, but still good.)
I love love love the food! It's too bad that my order is NEVER right and since I always get it to go or order it makes it hard to it taken care of. And my order has been lost a handful of times. Yesterday I order at the to go counter at the same time as my daughter. Hers came in 10 minutes.. After 15 minutes of waiting for mine I asked them to check on it and EVERY single employee I asked to help would start looking for it and move onto to something else! I finally got my sandwich after TWENTY FIVE MINUTES!!!! I will never go back after that, which is sad because I do love the food when it is actually done right and on time.
This was my first trip into a Jason's Deli. I wasn't sure what I was expecting, but I don't think it was this. This location is huge (are they all this size?), ample seating, friendly staff, intimidating long line but it moves quickly.

I ordered a Hot Corned Beef sandwich on white, with swiss and russian dressing. Basically a Reuben with no sauerkraut on a different type of bread, and less expensive. Jason's doesn't have coleslaw or else I would have had them make me a Rachel...oh well. My sandwich was good, my fault I didn't have them toast or grill the bread. There was hardly any dressing on it, but now I know for next time. 

If I didn't have a hankerin' for a sandwich, I might have gotten the salad bar. It looked really good when I walked past and I thought the express all-you-can-eat salad bar and soup register (for credit or debit only) was nice, and probably cuts down on the line that this place must form everyday around lunch.

I picked up a menu to bring home so I will be reminded to return when I am looking for a good sandwich and reasonable kids meal pricing. I will definately be back.
Great sandwich and salad bar.. we always order the California Club. The croissant is so flaky and it comes with fresh fruits and yogurt dip! Yummy
I had ordered from this store and they never delivered my food.
I called them and they said they couldn't find my office, but they never called to say they couldn't find my office! 
Then they said they'd redeliver it and refund me the fee to deliver it,  but they never did even though they faxed me a new receipt to get the refund, which I signed and  I sent it back but never got my money, horrible customer service, the delivery was an hour and a half late! 
food was cold and gross, I'll never order from Jasons deli again for the price I'm being charged and the level of service.
Decent sandwiches. The salad bar looks great, the deli offers a wide variety of sandwiches (including vegetarian options), AND (win!) they offer a pickle with every sandwich, the way a real deli should.

However, they use cold-cuts, which I'm not a fan of, and their sandwiches were ok. I'd be willing to go back for another round, but just a quick suggestion for anyone looking for an authentic Jewish or New York style corned beef sandwich--they're not going to find it here. Even their pastrami was cold-cut. But for everything else, I'm sure it's going to be deeeelish.
In regards to the food, it was quite delicious and good portions for what you pay. The salad bar was great and had many options. The free ice cream was a bonus as well. 

The menu was a little confusing as only part of it was posted on the wall. The decor is average as well, as it's all over the place.

The seating was ample and the staff was very friendly. It was very clean as well.
Their sandwiches and salad bar are always fresh and delicious. They have plenty of options for anyone who isn't feeling a sandwich, such as, soups, pastas, bagels/pastries, etc. An endless amount of free ice cream for everyone. I like places that offer outdoor seating as well indoor, so that was a plus in my book. The only reason I gave Jason's four stars, instead of five, is because of the staff. Don't get me wrong, they are very nice here but they have their employees constantly come up to tables to ask to take their survey, or if you want a pickle, or how your experience there has been, it's just too much. I assume that when I come in here that at least one, if not more, of my conversations will be interrupted!
Great sandwiches, salads, coffee and free Ice cream!!

Service is pretty good too only downside is the menu can be confusing for first timers
I get club royale no h.m it soooo delicious nom nom!!!!!!!! Totally recommending this place!! Give it a try!
Different choices of sandwiches but I feel like I could make them myself, nothing over the top special. The carrot cake isn't worth $3.29 a slice either!
This place used to be the "go to" place for my coworkers and I to order food from every week. Their food is really good, but I would not recommend ordering for delivery or pickup. They have screwed up at least one thing on almost every order we've ever placed. And the most recent they screwed up three out of four peoples' meals. It was not small stuff either!! It is easier to believe that they are doing it on purpose to mess with us than to believe any group of human beings as a whole can be this incompetent. If ordering for pick up Texas Roadhouse is in the same general area and when you pick it up they open every box and let you see that the order is correct!
I must be having some latent AZ nostalgia going on, but I LOVE the Miracle Mile and it brings back such wonderful memories of my childhood and my Grandparents that I wanted to bring my guy here. That and I swear finding Jewish style deli in the Bay Area is almost a mis-nomer. Sorry Saul's, but you suck.

This is cafeteria style deli where you order at one end, they make your sandwich, pass it to the fry guy, and then they put on the pickle spear. They speed it down the bar toward the register where you order your drink and pay and carry your tray to a table where good spicy mustard is (along with regular yellow and ketchup). This isn't Chompie's-you won't get overwhelmed by the menu, but this is a place to get decent hot pastrami, corned beef, and hot sliced brisket. They have other sandwich offerings as well along with hot stuff and the best part...Karsha's rye bread!! Prices have gone up, but this is Phoenix folks, it is still cheaper than the Bay and definitely cheaper than lunch in Disneyland!

So, for the nostalgia part...
My Grandparent's moved to Phoenix in 1949. Miracle Mile started that same year. My Great Grandparent's owned an apartment building right near where Park Central Mall is now. Anyway, Miracle Mile has been around just about this whole time too and started at 16th Street and McDowell which was then called "The Miracle Mile". This and Durant's were my families staple weekly restaurants. They had a location at Christown Mall-that was the one closest to where I was raised (back in the day folks-it was a nice mall-think Hilltop back before it was ghetto). Any special or sad occasion in my family here involved a tray from MM. Yep-any. Bris, Bar/Bat Mitzvah, Death, Birthdays, etc. It was always fresh and delicious. That and aside from Katz on Central, this was a place my Grandfather approved of.

What was funny yesterday was that when I went to the counter to order my sandwich, the man plopping on the pastrami to my rye was the same guy that plopped my pastrami on rye 20 years ago at Christown. This speaks volumes...

The food is fresh. The food is efficient. The portions are big and luckily, my situational pescatarian agreed to share a sandwich with me. My guy on the other hand, devoured his entire hot brisket sandwich on a fresh Karsha' onion roll and though he declared my brisket is better, he was very happy.
Seriously. What's the fuss over this place? Nostalgia? Because I was among the youngest patrons yesterday, and I'm pushing 40. 

I met a new colleague here for a business lunch because he had just moved very close to Arrowhead. This location is right around the corner from the Mervyn's, with Macy's on the other side. It was mall food, not some awesome back-east deli. I had a roast beef. It had a decent amount of meat (but nowhere near the pic on their website), mayo, lettuce, tomato. I could have made this at home with better tasting unprocessed beef from Midwestern Meats. No option to toast the bread? I personally hate sandwiches on untoasted bread. The fries were nothing special. The wrapped cake slices were so smashed they were completely unappealing. How long have they been sitting there? The man behind the counter of the baked goods sub-section was rude and weird, but all the other staffers were pleasant. Last but not least, I felt the price was way too high. Almost $12 for a meh sandwich, fries, and a large drink? With no table service? No thanks, Miracle Mile.
Still love this place and this time, am including a picture of my hot pastrami on rye. I think my 1st review was a perfect description and I deem it ROTD worthy, so that is all folks. Read that one and you will know...
I think they have some of the best corned beef around.  I have been here several times. Sometimes the line can get a bit long.  My opinion is it is a definite step up from the food court.  They may not be the best Jewish deli around but they are one of the better places to get a sandwich in the West valley.  I was in there again yesterday and got a corned beef on sourdough with potato salad ($7.95).  They tend to push their fries which are ok but I like to try different stuff.  The potato salad was ok, but I saw several of the fruit cups and wish I had gotten on of them instead.  I had more on my plate than I could finish.
After 12 years of business at this location I am so sad to report that Miracle Mile is now closed....

Sad I am.
You want a monster sandwich that will challenge the hunger of even the burliest man? Go order a Dagwood from Gandolfo's deli. It's roast beef, turkey, ham, pastrami, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, mayo, spicy mustard, salt and pepper, as close to nirvana as I'm ever getting. (In case you couldn't tell by the ingredients, I was a little indecisive about what kind of sandwich I wanted, so I just took the works.)

During lunch it can get a little hairy in Gandolfo's deli, and I'm not talking about the number of people there (which is many) but the ratio of males to females (which is very high, me being the only customer lacking a y chromosome). There is a reason why this is so. These sandwiches are monstrous meat and cheese concoctions slathered in sauce and served big. I could easily make a phallic reference about all these men consuming massive hoagies, but I'm going to take the high road this review.

I was considering the hard salami smothered in sauce, but I didn't know if it would be filling enough...

Okay. So the low road suits me better. 

I opted for the $2.49 meal deal to complement my Dagwood, which left me with a gigantic sandwich, a quarter pound of potato salad, and a regular iced tea with plenty left over for dinner that night. It was close to ten bucks after tax, which is a little bit on the pricey side, but at least I made two meals of it. 

The potato salad was decent but lacked salt, like they didn't bother boiling the potatoes with this necessary ingredient. I love me some salt. Get me a lick and I'll take a cheese grater to it to season my meals. Or make me a salt flavored ring pop for those mid day cravings. My blood pressure will curse you, but I'll be singing your praises. After adding this magic ingredient Gandolfo's potato salad got pretty good, and they get extra credit for using red potatoes, leaving the skin on, and preparing it with vinaigrette and mayo instead of mustard. Yum!

It's pretty decent for a sandwich shop and the menu is intimidating in size and offerings. You could do much worse *coughBlimpie'scough*, so give it a whirl if you find yourself in the area.
My husband and I were on our way to the Tempe Sports Complex to play in my work softball tournament and needed to find a place to get a fast, hearty, and affordable lunch. We had originally planned to go to the Mongolian BBQ place nearby (called YC's, I think) but pulled in and realized that it would probably take too long to do the whole pick your meats, veggies, and sauce thing (we only had 20 minutes or so to get lunch and get to the field). That was when we spotted Gandolfo's and decided to give it a try. 

The menu was huge and really overwhelming, especially since we were in a hurry, but we both just picked something and ordered. He chose the New Yorker (roast beef sandwich served hot with pepper jack, feta, lettuce, tomato, onion, pepperoncini, butter, mayo, and oil and vinegar) and I got the Knickerbocker (which had roast beef, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, oil & vinegar, and salt & pepper) served hot. 

After we paid, we ended up waiting quite a while for our sandwiches  to be prepared, especially given how few people were inside. I probably wouldn't return during a weekday lunch knowing that it's not super-speedy. If you are planning to go there for lunch, make sure it's on a day where you don't need to grab your food and be back ASAP. Maybe calling ahead would help in that case. 

Also, even though the sandwiches were definitely satisfying,  they weren't outstanding. My husband, who's originally from New Jersey, didn't think the sandwiches were nearly as good as ones he's had on the East Coast. And, yes, I know we're in Phoenix, but the restaurant (which is a chain, btw) has chosen to call itself "New York Delicatessen," which in all fairness, can raise a customer's expectations! I also thought the regular size of the sandwich was a bit small. If you are a big eater, I would definitely get the large. Lest you think all I have to say about Gandolfo's sandwiches is negative, I will spend a second praising the hero roll the sandwiches came on, which was freshly baked and super satisfying. 

I would definitely eat at Gandolfo's again if I were in the area and had time to wait for a sandwich, but I'm unlikely to go out of my way for it.
I finally made my way to Gandofo's for lunch last week after hearing rave reviews from my boyfriend.  We missed the lunch rush, arriving at 1pm, so the service was pretty quick.  I agree that the menu was a bit overwhelming, being it my first time there and all, but after analyzing the options I chose the Brooklyn Bridge.  

On a side note...there were certainly some interesting combinations, such as roast beef+pepperoni+pepperjack cheese+BBQ sauce+butter+mayo.  Not for me, but I suppose New Yorkers are much less picky than me.

So getting back to my sandwich....service was quick like I said, no complaints there.  The sandwich, well....it was ok.  The bread was really good, definitely a step up from Subway, but it completely overpowered the sandwich.  I don't know if my particular sandwich came with less meat, or if the assembly line had a light hand, but I was definitely left with a bread sandwich with a side of meat.  Plus the "veggies" consisted of a small amount of shredded lettuce with one half slice of tomato.  I LOVE veggies on my sandwich, so this really disappointed me.

So to recap: I'd come again, but apparently would have to pay for "extra meat" and would definitely make a special request for extra veggies.  I think I would choose the big "S" over this place though, if simply for the variety of veggies available.
The sandwiches are great... yes the menu is overwhelming, but pick your meat and go from there... this is a favorite lunchtime spot for me and the BF.
Ah, the great combination of tasty sandwiches, fast service and walking distance from work.  

I eat here maybe once a month or so, occasionally more often.  I have always been pleased with the sandwiches.  They have a wide selection, and are always generous with the meats, cheeses and toppings.  A few times they have had trouble going with wheat when the standard bread is white (yuck!)  Other than that, they always get any odd little requests (like replace the cheese with bacon) correct.  

My biggest disappointment is with the sides.  They have a red potato salad that looks AMAZING.  I mean, my mouth starts watering as soon as I see it - with a nice creaminess and a some fresh dill.  Sadly, it's about as flavorful as their Styrofoam containers.  No taste at all.  Not even salt or pepper.  I can't remember what the other side I tried in the past was, but none of their prepped salads have done anything than break my heart.  I mean, how hard is it to ruin potatoes?  

The soups are good, as flavorful as the sides are bland, nice and hearty.  

It's a small, narrow place, but perfect for a quick bite on lunch, or a very casual dinner.
I went to Gandolfo's today with my wife for lunch. There is nothing really bad about Gandolfo's, but there isn't anything really special either. The place is average in my book and better places I've gone to.

Gandolfo's does have a wide range of sandwiches, which is nice. Way more choices than most sandwich shops and it's not even close! 

I went with the large Greenwich Village, my wife went with the small Dagwood. The sandwiches were a little expensive for what you got. A large sandwich could be up to $9.50, most average around $8. My wife's small Dagwood was $6.

While in line, my wife and I spotted some potato salad that looked great. We decided to forgo any chips and go with this side. This was a mistake. This was the worst potato salad I've ever had! There was no taste.  

I like the decor on the wall with the various sports images. 

Staff was friendly and our order came out within 5 minutes.
The sandwiches are good but what is with the high volume place with the 5 tables? This is a frightening trend. If you  sit along the west wall,  the view during lunch is a gallery of Butts.... I'm sorry but i don't like butts with my sub sandwiches. The dagwood is very good. Oh and just say no to the microwave. I hate that machine! 
 They had one on University in Tempe with more room but it didn't make it. That is all.
I quite enjoy this place! I work right behind it so I go here alot. I mean really ALOT. Since September I have received 3 free sandwhiches! (Buy 9 get the 10th free)
The King of Queens and the Bronx Barbecue (without butter) are my absolute favorites, but everything I have tried there is really good! It could be $1 or so cheaper per sandwich. 
Its always dead when I go there though, I hope Jimmy John's doesn't put them out of business! (there's a new jimmy johns opening in the old quiznos space in the building right next to Gandolfo's)
The sandwiches are great!! Like some of the other reviews the sides and also the cookies are better left alone. I always have a hard time picking something off the menu cause it's so big. I don't have a favorite yet, but I have ordered the Shea stadium the most. 
The sandwich makers are OK, some what friendly but for the most part don't talk very much. 
The other day we went in for some food and the TV. was blaring a sports game so loud we really had a hard time hearing each other. 
Good thing the man behind the counter noticed this after a little bit and turned it down with out anyone asking to do so. 
The bathrooms are OK and the seating isn't the best. 
I think I'm going to have to try all the subs before I find my favorite or just have like 6 or 7 favorites.
Just at lunch here because I was at the T-Mobile store in the same complex. Whatever, it's a sandwich place but they actually have a pretty unique menu and they serve breakfast all day. I wouldn't go way out of my way to eat there but I'd def go back if it was convenient. If you work around here it's a good option.
I would love to comment on how good/bad their food was, but I can't. I showed up at 6:45pm, and they close at 7 per the sign I was looking at on their front window. However, they were closed when I got their, and the 2 girls standing there just randomly looked up at me while cleaning. I wanted to give them a shot for the first time, however, with them closing early and not acknowledging me about it when me and my friend where looking right at them, makes me not want to got back. What gives?
yet another groupon try... 
They have a HUGE menu, which excited me greatly, upon first gaze, however the results weren't so great. I had the Mama Leone. The bread was kinda gummy, the meats were ok, but there sure wasn't much to this sandwich.. it was supposed to be hot, but it was just lukewarm, and the marinara sauce was also cold. Yuck. 
Also, the Little Italy Salad was served not-as-described by the menu (they didn't include croutons, or onions.. it was just lettuce, tomatoes, and meat. that's it!).  Finally, the dining area is cluttered, and needs to be de-crumbed.
Groupon: Fail. New York: Fail. Deli: Fail. I am pretty sure most New Yorkers would try this place an tell you to Fugeddaboutit and leave it at that but a yelper shares.

I judge a deli on a few things: the meat, the bread, the sides. Being jewish and from the east coast I hold "new york" deli's to a higher standard and judge them on corned beef/pastrami, potato salad, rye bread and pickles. You get those right you have a happy camper, wrong and i'm cranky. I got the I Love New York which is Corned Beef and Pastrami with Swiss and spicy mustard on Rye, probably my favorite sandwich and potato salad anda  kosher pickle.

Lets start with the main course it was fair and that is being very favorable. The meats were a bit overcooked but nice and hot and had decent flavored and the pastrami had a good amount of pepper to it (which i like). However it was very greasy and soaked the bread and made it slick...not good. The bread itself wasn't bad just generic rye you would buy on the shelf at any grocery. There also wasn't enough mustard on it or much meat probably double the bread to meat on a $9 sandwich. Compared to Chompies where its a nice thin slice of rye and piles of meat. Overall edible but not that enjoyable.

Now the sides where I decided this place struck out like A-rod in the playoff's. I have never had potato salad that was so bland. I am normally not a huge fan of white potato salad but i do enjoy it. This was probably less exciting to my taste buds than a baked potato with no toppings. I tried dumping on pepper to no avail. Next was the pickle which was a whole "kosher dill" and from a new york deli i expect something a bit more more than vlassic out of a jar but that is exactly what i got.

For the money (and for the record i spent $2 on the groupon) this place just doesn't cut the mustard (pun intended). Better options exists for this stuff like Chompies or Goldman's Deli up in scottsdale.
This place is ok. Defiantly better than places like Subway when talking about quality, but not so much better at quantity. 

I have been here a few times. The first was a month or so ago after purchasing a groupon. They have a large selection of sandwiches, mostly meat and only two vegetarian options. This is great if you happen to be an omnivore. Which I am not. I can only say anything about the Madison Square Garden which I have had three times now. Their veggies seem to be of good quality. I just wish that every time I came in they were not out of wheat bread. I don't know if they just don't stock up on it or what but every time I have been in here they have been out of something. Cucumbers, wheat bread, avocado. And usually there is never any black tea. Some people like to ATTEMPT to eat healthy. There is also a lot left to be desired if you do order any of the other sandwiches on the menu. I went with my dad the last time who happens to eat meat, and there was more bread than meat. 10 dollars for a bread and cheese sandwich. Come on now. You have pictures all over the place of sandwiches full to the brim with meat and veggies, but then hand you a sandwich that you can't even see the meat on. FALSE ADVERTISING. So expect to pay a good amount of money if you order anything with meat on it, but not get your moneys worth.

The servers, if you can call them that, seem confused every time I come in here. They seem flustered, even though its the same people every time, and it has never been busy so I don't know what their excuse is. They don't seem to know the menu very well, or when something does happen to run out. They also close extremely early for a restaurant. 7 everyday except Sunday at 5. Seems strange. Maybe its because they can never keep enough food stocked to last longer than a few hours.

My conclusion: If you have a coupon or are a vegetarian where they put more veggies on your sandwich than anything else and you don't pay as much as you would for a meat sandwich, I would say go. But if you are looking for a good deal, you won't find it here.
Great breakfast sandwiches....like Chaz, Callie and Radio City
Slowest place ever. I ordered 25 minutes ago and I am still waiting. Just 2 sandwiches. Not rocket science. Then I get both sandwiches and they are both wrong. Wish I could give less than one star.
Decent sandwiches with large portions.  They have a lot of different sandwiches to choose from, and I like how some of them come with ingredients that you wouldn't find at your everyday Subway or Jimmy John's, like marinated mushrooms.  I've been here a few times and if I am hungry enough, would like to try their massive Dagwood!
I am going to give this place an extra star because the sandwich I had today was sooo good. They actually had everything in the sandwich it was supposed to have AND wheat bread. There was an insane amount of vegetation in this sandwich as well. I had mushrooms, lettuce, and avocado falling out all over the place. 

I think I have figured out that if you want a decent sandwich from this place you need to order at lunch. 

Do me right next time Gandolfo and I shall grant you an extra star!
I have been to Gandolfo's a few times and the sandwiches were always good... I have ordered the Knuckle Sandwich (Pastrami, Marinated mushrooms, olives, cheddar, mozzarella, parmesan, lettuce, tomato, mayo, butter, olive oil on sour dough bread) It was really good a huge sandwich.... Another time I went with the King of Queens(Pastrami, swiss, cole slaw, tomato, & Russian dressing on a kaiser roll) I would not go out of my way to try this spot but I would give it a try if you're in that part of town.
I also purchased a groupon for Gandolfo's.  I figured it was worth a try even though it was out of the way for me.  Then I got a new job and it was much more out of the way.  I finally made it out there there for lunch.  I ordered a sandwich and a hoagie.  I wish I could remember the names.  The sandwich was a pastrami with mustard and sauerkraut.  They were out of sourdough so I got it on wheat instead.  I really liked the sandwich.  The pastrami was very good, the bread wasn't too dry or too wet.  The service was a little slower than I thought it would be but not much.  My hoagie was pretty good as well.  It had italian meats and it was stuffed full of meat and cheese and some veggies.  The quality seemed great to me but it wasn't my favorite sandwich.  I certainly didn't think the regular price was that great but since I purchased using a groupon it was a great deal and I was very happy for the price I paid.  Overall, I thought it was great for the price I paid.
If slimy sandwiches and salads accompanied by rude staff completely lacking in personality are what you're looking for, than Gandolfo's is the place for you!  My husband and I had lunch at this location yesterday and I honestly still feel nauseated even thinking about it. Never having been to Gandolfo's, we needed a few minutes to look at the menu, which was certainly not a problem as there were no other customers in line.  This should have been our first warning sign but sadly, we persevered and ordered our lunch.  The girl behind the counter answered our questions with simple yes/no answers in a completely deadpan tone with no hint of an expression on her face.  My husband decided on the Madison Square Garden sandwich and I had the salad of the same variety.  I ordered a soda and my husband asked for a water.  The girl at the counter then asked him if he would like a cup for his water.  What a ridiculous question!!!  No, he doesn't need a cup, he'll just seal his lips around the soda machine and push the button!

After a bit of a wait, our food was ready and I brought it to our table, however, a better option would have been to throw it directly into the trashcan.  My husband unwrapped his sandwich to find it so heaped with mayo and sopped with oil that even the outside of the bread was saturated and slimy.  My salad also contained the marinated mushrooms that were in his sandwich, and while they sounded good, the taste and texture was sickening.  The lettuce was anything but fresh and the gelatinous Italian dressing made the whole thing even worse.  The croutons that were supposed to have come on my salad were nowhere to be found, but I didn't even bother asking for them as I'm sure they wouldn't have been enough to overcome the already offensive taste/texture combo that I was attempting to choke down.  

As if the food itself wasn't already enough to send us running out the door never to return, we then had the pleasure of watching the girl "clean" the counter by flinging all of the food that was on it onto the floor into the area where customers stand to order.  I looked around to see if there was a mark drawn on the counter or wall anywhere so that when the food on the floor reaches that depth, one of the staff comes out to actually sweep it up but didn't see anything so I'm guessing that they just allow customer to wade through the food buildup throughout the day.  I honestly have no idea how this place is in business given the fact that there is a Jimmy John's accessible from the same parking lot. I'm guessing that the sparse crowd in Gandolfo's at noon on a weekday is a direct result of a far better option available within walking distance.  If the rest of my review hasn't been clear enough as to what my opinion of this place is, let me just add that if I were stranded on a deserted island for a month with nothing to eat and the rescue boat showed up and offered me food that came from Gandolfo's, I would throw it overboard only to have the sea life also choose to ignore it.
Friend and I were headed to work and she suggested Gandolfo's for breakfast, now I love little deli shops and was up to trying something new. So off to Gandolfo's I went, already knew what we were ordering so I just ordered when I got there, after I did that I looked up at the menu on the wall and thought dang I need to come back sometime and try a sandwich for lunch. I told the owner this is my 1st time here, he looked shocked and said how did you know what you wanted to ordered, just figured you to be a regular,  I told him I did research before I got there. Too funny.   Got the Huevos Locos, which is sausage, eggs, pepper jack cheese, and salsa on a roll. OMG it was soo dang good!!!!  I saw they have a sandwich called the Rockefeller Ruben, that has corned beef or pastrami on it and its been calling my name, got to try it out soon!!!!
My first time at Gandolfo's was good. I decided to eat here on a whim, originally wanting an egg salad sandwich, but decided a deli sandwich would do. The staff was incredibly friendly, which was awesome and will definitely make me come back again soon. Since it was my first time there,and they have lots of sandwich options, I asked a lot of questions and they answered each one of them with no resistance. After looking at the menu, I saw they did have an egg salad sandwich, though now I wish I would have ordered one of their best selling sandwiches. I was a little disappointed with my egg salad sandwich since it really only consisted of toasted sourdough bread and egg salad (I was hoping for some lettuce and tomatoes and cheese, but I may have just had to ask for it.)

Overall, I like this place a lot. They're reasonably priced, good portions, great first time experience. I'm excited to come back and order some of their more popular sandwiches and see if they are the real deal.
Servicable lunch joint. Large selection of sandwiches and quick service. Slightly higher on the food chain than Subway or Blimpie.
Decided to try gandolfo's out because I got a coupon for a free 1/2 sandwich, salad, and drink plus I love a good deli.

Unfortunately I wasn't able to order my favorite, hot pastrami, cause that only comes in a full sandwich. However, they did have tons of options. So I went with the Brooklyn Bridge which consists of turkey, bacon, lettuce, provolone, salt and pepper on a hero roll.

They did a good job of packing the sandwich and actually cooking the Bacon instead of some disgusting boiled flab of fat that you see at fast food places. Gonna eventually go back and get a pastrami so we'll see if that holds up.
This is NOT a Subway or Quiznos (they don't serve plastic, manufactured sandwhiches, if you know what I mean...).....They have a multitude of sandwhiches to choose from, both hot and cold. A full sandwhich is 12 inches, a half is 6 (der...) 

I got a veggie sandwhich, as I wasn't in the mood for meat (why did I come here then? my hubby, of course!) It was pretty good! It came with cucumbers, avocado, lettuce, tomato, onion,banana peppers, spicy mayo...I liked it!

My husband enjoyed every bite of his....he got the Little Italy..

We are both happy to have found a great sandwhich place where we can both find something delish to eat!

Only suggestion: it would be nice if they had more a selection of drinks....like Jones Sodas or something like that....

Not as good as Defalcos, but, a nice breath of fresh air for the area!
Just good sandwiches, plain and simple. I love the Brooklyn Bridge and Club Met. Nothing here is mind shatteringly brilliant but don't underestimate the value of a damn good sandwich. The large size is humongous. Great value for the money and the staff was very nice. Think Jimmy Johns with better bread.
Huge selection and the sandwiches are pretty good...prices are good and I would give the place 4 stars but the service is suspect. For example, when I say ''thank you'' the response is always ''yep.'' I'm a customer, not your buddy... I often go back because the sandwiches are good and I like the wide selection...also don't be fooled by the name, this is not a New York  deli in any way shape or form...
Still on the hunt for a decent sandwich place.

I used to live near the Gandalfo's in Bellingham, Washington, where the store was clean, the service was great, and the manager was a pleasure.  We were excited to see a Gandalfo's here in Tempe.

Walked in and stood at the counter for a few minutes before we ordered.  The guy who took our order didn't know the specials (and the sign is outside, so I kind of depended on him knowing them).. And neglected that a salad came with mine.  We took a photo of the "salad" from my husband's account--it was broccoli with a crapload of mayo and some chunks of cheese.  It was probably the most disgusting thing I've been served in a restaurant EVER.  They only had five salad options, and my usual broccoli bacon favourite wasn't available.  I'm pretty sure they would've even ruined that, so it's probably better they didn't have it.

Counter guy had a hard time maintaining eye contact and a difficult time taking our order and writing it down.  Surprisingly, it was almost accurate when we got our order--one of the sandwiches was wrong.  We decided not to stay and eat, since none of the tables were clean even though it was 2pm!

I'd hope that Gandalfo's corporate would want to save face a little and remove their name from the side of the building where this place has set up shop.  We used a Groupon, and even if they offered $20 for $1 I wouldn't go back.
My dad would eat here for lunch every day of his visit if he could.  We got him a Groupon as a present, and that makes two visits this trip, which is one less than the last visit.  There's a huge selection of sandwiches.  We like the Knuckle Sandwich best.  The sides are also good.   I'm sure I'll be back a few times once my dad returns for a visit.
We had a Groupon and went over for lunch.  Had the Holland Tunnel and NY Liberty.  Delicious,full of meat and flavor.  Sandwiches are a bit pricey but really loaded and filling.  Service was good and the place was clean.
Hello again my fellow Arizonians....

I am back and ready to review GANDOLFOS Deli........

I will start by saying the Pastrami is pretty darn good!  

The meat is seasoned well and does have that NY Pastrami taste.....however..... (and I know you knew that was coming)....

The price for the amount of meat they give is just ridiculous!

I have read the reviews and if I had a groupon maybe I would have been less dissapointed.

Ok, a plain ole pastrami sandwich on their marble rye...which I must point out is NOTHING like good NY rye...the bread is thick and really tastes very little like rye...
is $10.00.... and is supposed to be served with a pickle slice....didnt happen!

I can only compare it to other local deli's such as Chompies, who charges the same price but the same sandwich but has twice as much meat.

A REAL N.Y pastrami or corned beef sandwich is so thick with meat you can barely bite into it and just half a sandwich satisfies the biggest of appetites.

The experience started with a call to the restaurant to request they fax a menu which they were unable to do.  The young man I spoke with was not too helpful or friendly.

I had to ask 3 times..... How much is a plain ole Pastrami sandwich....

I asked if the cole slaw, which not included, was creamy or more vinegary...he didnt know how to answer that....  am I asking a strange question here?

This is supposed to be a deli....cole slaw is typical deli fare.... if I ask what kind...tell me, describe it to me... I am not there and cannot see it, nor did I have access to the internet to look.

Several of us from work ordered together and none of us got our "complimentary" pickle slice nor did they include the other condiments we requested.

We're talking 10 bucks for a regular sandwich....I deserve the darn pickle! lol

I didnt bother to call and have a little chat as the person who had the priviledge of picking up the order mentioned the "old man" we are guessing the owner? Was a grump and not the friendliest of people....so..... here I am, sharing my experience with others.

I do not mind paying $10.00 for a sandwich but that sandwich better be packed with meat....or 14k gold shavings!

Ok, maybe it was lunch time and busy....or maybe someone was in a bad mood...or maybe the young kid just started and simply wasent fimilar with their product.... I dont know, nor do I care .....

I am not getting what I paid for and that SUCKS!

So here's the 25 thousand dollar question....will I return?

Nope...not a chance!  

I can get around the unfriendly employees and the lack of knowledge of their own menu but I will NOT pay $10.00 for a sandwich with 1/2 the meat that should be there.....

I will find another good pastrami sandwich or I will wait until I visit New York again.

There may be some die hard Pastrami lovers out there who simply must have good pastrami regardless of price and to them I say... "go for it".

But not this girl!  I feel I should get what I pay for and this was NOT worth the price!

Again, I can only compare it to other Deli's here in the Phoenix area or since they advertise it to be "NY pastrami" I compare it to a Pastrami sandwich you get in ANY N.Y deli and GANDOLFO's looses.

So, with that being said...give it a try and see what you think.....and until you do.....

Bon Appetite'
This place is around the corner from my apartment and right next to a Jimmy John's. I was on may way there when I decided,to give Gandolfo's a try. It took me 10 minutes to read and re-read the menu because everything sounded great. I finally decided on the Carnegie Hall with pastrami and both spicy mustard and Russian dressing. Only took a few minutes to prepare and I was back home enjoying it in a few minutes. I will defiantly be back to try more of these sandwiches.
Went here last week with a Groupon and had an i love New York with Russian dressing. It was really good and I could not finish it.  The pastrami and corned beef had a very good flavor. The soup I had with it was very good also. Two large sandwiches, two sides, and two drinks cost about $30. Service was fast and friendly. One of the better NY style deli's I have tried in Az, I'll eat here again if I'm in the mood for deli while I'm around Tempe.
The pros: Excellent food, good customer service. I have eaten at Gandolfo's three times now, and they consistently use high quality breads, cheeses, and meats. 

The Cons: The drink options are lacking and the potato salad is awful. Other than that, they are excellent. 

Overall, I would bring my friends and family here for lunch.
This place isn't bad but it's not great especially for the prices they charge. What really brings this place down is is employees and management! The girl at the register is beyond slow and if she could go any slower she would be going backwards. The manager is just an ass he argued with my employees I sent to get lunch over trivial stuff. The food as I said is Ok but for the price I would expect much more. If you use a Groupon there watch out the manager gets annoyed and starts arguments. If you order ahead of time you're food might be ready and you won't have to feel like a sardine in the small cramped building. I would recommend going elsewhere unless you make money like Donald Trump and have the patience of a monk.
We got an offer on Social Living for $15.00 voucher for $8.00 and WOW what a deal!! If you get a chance....sign onto Social Living website and get this voucher because the food was great! Sooo many subs to choose from and AMAZING potato salad too! Two for the price of one and GREAT food! Can't beat it fellow yelpers! :)
This was my first time trying Gandolfo's and I loved it! 

I ordered the Urban Cowboy:
Chicken breast, turkey, bacon, pepper jack, cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, bbq sauce and mayo 

It was so delicious. I can definitely see myself craving this sandwich and having to come back in the next couple of weeks. 

It was pretty pricey but there is a groupon for it right now so check it out!
Loved the New York decor. Pretty sure the owner was working the cash register(you could tell he's from NY), there was around 100 things on the menu. For a sandwich joint I think that's a little much, so it took me a few minutes to decide. Food was so-so it would of been a lot better if the "grade" of meat was better. The owner also didn't seam to happy, I mean c'mon man! If your gonna have your own business love it! Don't look like your gonna kill the next person who orders a sandwich.
Food is great, prices reasonable....but they close at four PM every day?? and closed Sundays???
Limits my eating opportunity to  Saturday afternoon when possible.
Why not have hours to allow the working man to eat there???
Terrible!  Terrible!  Terrible!
I went there on Saturday afternoon.  There were three employees and no one else in line.  I had a hunger for tuna fish, but I was told they did not have enough left to make a sandwich!  At lunchtime on a Saturday, with 3 employees standing around, and they had no tuna fish?  Unbelievable!  So I ordered a Ruben sandwich and waited about a half hour, when I saw them hand a sandwich to someone who ordered about 10 minutes after I did.  They opened it up and realized it was not their order, so they returned it and then an employee gave it to me with no apology.  I might still be a satisfied customer if the sandwich was at least good, but the meat (pastrami) was very chewy because it had been overcooked (overheated) in the microwave.
For a restaurant that specializes in sandwiches and considers itself a deli, it was incredibly disappointing.  I would not recommend them to anyone.
Only been a couple of times, sandwiches were good. I'd go back but is just not one of those places that I get cravings for.
Tried Gandolfo's for the first time today.  Excellent sandwich.  Some co-workers and I gave it a try for the first time and we were very impressed!  We phoned in our order and had it picked up since they were busy and I can believe it.  i had the I Love NY sandwich and it was grilled perfectly!  It had corned beef, pastrami, swiss and your choice of Russian dressing or spicy mustard grilled on marbled rye bread.  I chose the spicy mustard since I never had Russian dressing, I didn't want to try it for the first time while trying Gandolfo's.The prices were fair and the food was delicious and filling.  My next sandwich on deck is a meatball on the hero roll.  I will definitely be a repeat customer.  Now if they only delivered?  Lord have mercy!
I came here a few months ago, and wasn't impressed.

The menu is huge - the print is very tiny on the menu up behind the counter. I ordered the egg salad sandwich not toasted. They toasted it, and it just wasn't anything special. It wasn't bad, but I could have made a better sandwich myself. Probably won't be going back.
After a great first experience I decided to head back there with my brother who loves a good Reuben as much as I do.  I had told him about how good it was but boy was I disappointed this time.  I'm not sure how he felt since he didn't have a previous visit to compare it to like I did.  The pastrami was super fatty and portion was significantly smaller than the last time although that was probably a good thing since the quality was so poor I didn't want any more of that gross pastrami.  I had been so excited and felt so short-changed.  Definitely a poor experience especially for the price I paid.
This is one of my favorite sandwich place to go to lunch when I am at work-lunch. Guys love the quality of meats, and quantity of meats. I love the hot cheesy sandwich.  The Yankees on rye is around $9.00 but it's one of a few items that I would eat until my stomach hurts. Give it a try!
Went back with some friends and found the quality has just deteriorated for some reason. First off the place is only open 8-6 Monday - Saturday. Seems like a really silly schedule but hey, it's not mine to set. We arrived and ordered a total of four sandwiches, all of which were very messy and just not put together well. On the two hot sandwiches my friend observed them putting the cold veggies on, THEN putting the sandwiches in the microwave, toaster oven, etc. Maybe that is protocol, maybe not. It shouldn't be.  Out of the four sandwiches we ate one or one and a half. Very expensive for sandwiches that are going to the trash. Leaving two stars in hopes that there is a glimmer of hope left at this place. Could be overly optimistic.
good service.  excellent selection of sandwiches.  recommend the pastrami or the sorbesotta (sp?).  only been there once, but definitely worth it.
Did you know this place also makes pizza? And that said pizza is possibly the best carry out pizza in a 5+ mi radius?  It's true.  Sure they only offer 1 size, and sure they aren't open on Sundays and close early every other day of the week, but that really doesn't matter.  If you like Tony's Pizza (the original BC version), you will like this.  Rich tomato-y sauce (the highlight of my pizza-eating experiences) with yeasty flavorful crust. Lots of cheese (their normal cheese at times is almost like asking for extra cheese anywhere else) & big pepperoni slices.  I have no idea what other toppings are available.  Also, some of their desserts are quite delicious.
Great taste of back east.  The sausage is fresh made each morning and they have a pretty good variety.  The Sweet w/ Fennel is our standby though we also enjoyed the spicy and the sweet w/out fennel.  They also offer something (ok fine, several things) that I have never seen this far away from the tri-state area pinwheel sausage for grilling.  They carry a great variety of pastas, sauces, even frozen knishes and raviolis (the kinds you see back east, not the kind you see in the supermarket).  Also their Italian bread is great.
Good Sandwiches....whenever I am craving a tuna sandwich after a long day on campus I come here!! Tuna sandwich is great. The super sub/roast beef and provolone are good items to try as well. Yet the primo sub of them all here is the Big Kahuna Cheese-steak (grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, jalapenos and extra cheese!!)  The soups are great to have on a cold winter day!! Also...if you like sandwich wraps as much as I do...you have to have the grilled veggie or chicken ceasar!!
Wow! Good ole classic subs! I am from Jersey and when I ate these for lunch at a meeting I flew into Vegas for I was like DAMN! The sandwich totally reminded me of all the subs I used to get back home. That night it had me craving subs..that is something I never crave. YUM! You need to open one in Downtown Los Angeles.
Super duper subs that actually taste *FRESH*. I've tried the turkey club, the super sub and the Big Kahuna Steak -- All very tastey and very satisfying!  Really fresh and flavorful ingredients and the bread is pretty good too.  A little crumbly, but it tastes yummy. They grill their beef right in front of you.  I have found the service to be only slightly better than those other sammich shops.   Parking can be a challenge too since it is located in the strip mall where Ruth Chris' Steak House is located as well as the Firefly tapas bar, Yolie's and Marrakesh. 

The sandwiches here slams Subway onto the ground and then steps on its face.  

Go forth and chow down.
We ordered a sandwich platter for our family to enjoy back at our hotel room after our Wedding. The key word here is ENJOY! My family is mostly from Chicago & we know about a good Sub sandwich. Mike's does not disappoint. They really took care of us all the way. We had more than enough sandwiches to feed the hungry crowd (who definitely ate their fill),with plenty of leftovers for later. They gave us plenty of condiments,oils,etc... They even threw in a huge tub of potato salad on the house. 

I would definitely recommend the roast beef. It's made fresh at the store (each day I believe). Although everything we had was fantastic! 

Thanx ~Jersey Mike's!
Normally I really like Jersey Mike's..this location and the Trop one near Eastern are both close to work for me to grab a good sandwich.  Today I had an odd experience and had to yelp it.

I ordered something very basic and on the menu...turkey and provolone on white mike's way.

While making my sandwich, the employee (sandwich artist?) asked if I liked bacon.  I immediately told him no way, I do not eat pork, it is practically the only thing I don't eat!  I took my sandwich to go, get back to work...and he put ham between the turkey and the cheese.  I did not find this amusing, and I am not sure if it was intentional or not.  I will not return to Jersey Mike's.
Hidden amongst the GIANTS of Fine Dining @JerseyMikesSub is a real treat!!

I received a flyer in the mail for a BOGO sub and after seeing this place on the Travel Channel's Sandwich Paradise I knew it had to be good.

This was my 1st trip to a Jersey Mikes and I was truly delighted with the quality & flavor of the subs.

Philly Cheesesteaks, Turkey Clubs and all made fresh to order. ONLY one kinda bread but its GREAT!

A litle pricier than Subway,Quiznos,Port O Subs,etc but WAY BETTER!!
This place is awesome - the Philly cheesesteak is really good that I ordered it each of the two times I went there while I was in Vegas.  I was staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and a friend suggested checking this place out which is about a 15 to 20 minute walk away.  One of the guys behind the counter was cool and recommended the Big Kahuna Philly which was really good.  It comes with extra cheese but I had them keep it to the normal level of cheesiness.

Another thing is that you can get a punch card where you buy 12 full size subs (or, 24 halves) and get one full size free or buy 6 full size and get a half size free.  I definitely plan to bring that card back with me on my next trip to Vegas as I need 3 more full subs for a free half (shouldn't be a problem).  I went there with a friend and he had the Reuben which was also really good.  The price is fair for what you get - about $6 for a half and $11 for a full size.  I'd definitely go back!!
We order from this store about once a month. They are usually prompt and the sandwiches are really good. The one delivery that took forever they were very upfront with a driver issue and they bought us sodas and chips.
Ok so I'll start by saying I used to work for JM at other locations (FL,NV). For the longest time I wouldn't go near another franchise (Subway, Quiznos, etc). Lately however, I find the prices at JM to be rediculous for some of their sandwiches. $10 for a giant?! Seriously? They used to be 8 bucks. For someone like me who gets their philly steak with just cheese and onions it makes for a pretty measly sandwich. We used to throw in a little extra meat if someone didn't want any other toppings otherwise the meat gets lost in the bread.

This location is by far the worst I have ever been to. The employees at McDonalds and Taco Bell have a higher IQ and a better attitude. Ordered a philly steak with just onions. How easy is that? Not easy enough I guess. Luckily I was watching and noticed her throw on peppers instead of onions. I would understand if it was a busy day and there was a line of people with lots of orders how it can get mixed up but the store was empty and I was the only person there. There were other employees hanging out on one side of the store talking loudly with either friends or co-workers cursing, making out, etc.

One of the girls even mentioned loudly how she had to go pick up her mom from prison bc she just got released. (lol)

Anyway- the food is still good quality but make sure if you are going to go to any JM find a coupon first. Lots of BOGO coupons and stuff out there. Def worth it if you get a BOGO.
I like some of the sandwich places for different reasons (subway, port of subs, but capriottis is my all-time fave). This one is different because the meats and cheeses are from back east. The subs come on white or wheat rolls- crusty on the outside and soft on the inside (so it can get messy with crumbs). We had a BOGO coupon (from the weekly local circulars) so the pricing was not bad- $12- for two subs, two bags of chips and two drinks (free refills). We also have a stamp card, so we'll get a free sub soon. My husband got the italian- mikes way- lettuce, vinegar, oil, salt and pepper, minus the tomatoes and I got the heated/toasted big kahuna steak (jalapenos, onions, and extra cheese). My husband had a bite of mine and liked it (surprised because he usually avoids heat/spice, unlike me- I love it spicy!). 

We've come to this one several times; especially since the one on Trop/Eastern closed. The parking lot was crowded tonight so we had to park in the next lot across the way (still in the same center). There are a lot of ethnic restaurants in the general vicinity and a an office building in the back of all the restaurants. This location is pretty spacious and has lots of seating (tables and chairs) including a row of seats facing the window. It is pretty empty so we had our choice of seats, really. It is also very clean. There are separate bathrooms for the men and women in the back. There was one person working, who was pleasant.
Ralph always rocks
Capriotti's is OK, I guess. It gets constant hype here in Las Vegas, and they definitely have some good sandwiches.

But I'm from Jersey. And when I think of a submarine sandwich, I don't think of turkey and stuffing, or pastrami and cole slaw.

Ask me to imagine a sub and I'll close my eyes and picture a Jersey Mike's #13.

I've said it before and I'll say it again - a great sandwich starts with great bread, in this case a soft, crusty roll dusted with a ton of cornmeal.

Meats and cheeses are sliced to order, cut thin and piled high. In the case of the #13, we're talking about ham, prosciuttini, cappacuolo, salami, pepperoni and provolone.

There aren't a ton of veggie choices, "Mike's Way" is the traditional lettuce, tomato, onion, spices and oil and vinegar, aka "the juice." This is definitely a place where sticking to tradition pays off.

That's it - no gimmicky sauces, no toasters. Just a great, authentic Jersey Shore style sandwich.

Their cheesesteaks are also pretty fantastic, a much more moist and well-blended steak and cheese mix than Cap's steaks. It's not a POP'S whiz wit, but it doesn't claim to be.

The sandwiches are fairly expensive but so, so, so good - and I get coupons in my inbox and mailbox every month. And besides, for a taste of home like this? Well worth it.
It just didn't work.

I'm all about customer service and I know that everyone has their niche in the service game. But when I walk to the counter and the manager/owner (I'm assuming) says "#13 Regular, Mikes way" without any greeting or acknowledgement that I'm there (he was staring at his little notepad) I know we're going to have a problem. No, kind sir, that not only isn't what I want, but nothing on the menu sounds worse, thanks for asking...I guess some people like that sarcastic, I-know-what-you-want type personality, but I'm not one of them. (yelling) I know what (yelling again) I want!!

So now let's get to the food that just outright stunk. I ordered a Chicken Cheesesteak (not the #13 that the proprietor so graciously offered). My order is basic, chicken cheesesteak, just meat & provolone cheese, add mayo. The chicken is overcooked, the bread is just gnarly, and they use some other white cheese that is anything but provolone. Gotta love it when you take your lunch back to your dining area of choice to come across a botched order. No bueno. 

I've had Mikes when it's been pretty good, but this location isn't that great and it will be a long while before I return - maybe if they put one of those "under new management" signs I'll go back sooner than later.
In the past, I never really had an,..."issue," having Jersey Mike's.  In fact, I used to think it was a good place.  This visit kind of has me thinking the complete opposite.  We went at about 2 in the afternoon and it was not busy at all.
We ordered a Club Supreme, Mike's way.  I understand when having these types of sandwiches, they tend to get a bit messy.  What it a huge pile of lettuce on there and all.  Our sandwich wasn't cut fully, so we had to tear our pieces off of the Giant which made it messier.  
When I asked for a side of banana peppers, he kind of mouthed under his breath, "it's gonna be a long day,..."  (I was thinking, wait a minute, is it really a bother to you to put banana peppers in a little container??? -- STFU! sheesh, at least say it after I walk away!!!)

Another thing we noticed, was that there was no bacon in the sandwich.  We thought, not a big deal.  After waiting by the register about a minute or two, we saw the person that made our sandwich come from the back hallway from where the bathrooms are.  We asked about the bacon on the sandwich.  You would figure, we could wrap up the sandwich, and he could put in there.  But!!!!!  What this guy did was take a handful of small pieces of bacon and put it in a long, white, container, that looked like it was for a wrap.  --  The problem was that, he used his bare hands.  HE DIDN'T PUT ANY GLOVES ON!!!!!!!!  

Ughh,... The only positive part of that visit was watching ESPN on the television.
When I walked into this place, I thought "we picked this place over Lotus and Los Tacos?!"  I was the first one there of course, my lunch friends are notoriously late.  I ordered a Baja Chicken wrap hold the cheese and was skeptical when she threw a brick-like hunk of chicken on the grill. After much sauteeing, I felt a bit better.  I had her add banana peppers over jalepenos so I wouldn't be breathing fire all afternoon.  Have to admit, it was a really good wrap.  The combo of sweet /spicy and mexican spices blended well together.  I liked how the cashier was about 8 years old but ran a cash register better than most cashiers at McCarran (just one example).  Overall a good lunch and I'll be back.
This is probably the lowest Jersey Mike's rating I've ever given.  Two things rubbed me really wrong about my visit here.  First was the owner/manager's attitude.  He said something to my wife about her order, I forget what it was exactly... trying to be funny I guess, but it came off in a total d-bag style.  Second thing was the kid ringing up our order.  He looked about 10. Aren't there some sort of child labor laws, or does anything go in Vegas?
Ugh, this location is the worst out of the three that I frequent.  This one is VERY close to my work, so we order trays of subs from them quite a bit.

Most of the time, they screw it up, so I finally decided to write a review about.

Called yesterday (24 hours in advance) for one tray of subs.  I asked for the tray to have equal amounts of 3 different subs.  I also asked for it to be delivered at 11:30am.  When placing my order, I felt like I had to "coach" along the girl on the phone.  "do you want my name?  do you want my phone number?  would you like my credit card?  what about expiration date?" she didn't ask for ANY of these things!

At 11am, the sandwiches are at my office.  I guess I would rather have it there 30 minutes early than 30 minutes late?

The platter had mostly Turkey & Provolone, NO Club and just a FEW (like 3-4 pieces) of the italian.  I asked for the onions to be on the side- no onions at all.

Even when we order a normal one sandwich they seem to mess it up AND take over an hour for delivery.

I'm pissed but I don't feel like calling because it won't get anywhere with them.  Lost cause with them.  So annoying!
I love Jersey Mikes' franchise; however, this location seems to be hit-or-miss.  The food for the most part is good, I always get the #12 or occasionally a meatball sub.  Sometimes the roast beef here is not great and somewhat slimy.  The main problem I have is with the staff.  I have had staff be rude, and sometimes when I walked in I would wait for a few minutes before an employee would appear.  That being said, there are some really nice employees too, I hope this location weeds out its crappy employees.
I have ventured back to this location again and the staff seems to be better.  I am temporarily upgrading it; however, I will be back to check on the service.
I had the first Jersey mike's sandwich in LA and loved it... the meats are always freshly cut and the veggies they have are perfect for a sandwich. 

Had the sandwich again the next day and it keeps getting better day by day.. good Sandwich. So long SUBWAY
I just had to follow Kelly M. This Jersey Mike's location is soooooo much better now that it has been remodeled and is under new management!!

The new staff is amazing. My husband and I travel on the East Coast a lot and often try to stop at the local deli shops. When you stop into those East Coast deli shops it feels like you have always belonged and that you are family. Well this Jersey Mikes on Paradise Road gives you the same experience. The staff is friendly, provides the best services and can make a great sandwich!!! I also love the new decor and can't wait to go back again. I usually get the Original sub, Mikes Way and it's the best!!
I had the provolone, Cappicoal and Ham Sub "Mikes Way", you get what you pay for the quality is good but the prices are high so if you're on a budget then Subway might be more your place. Over all it was yummy but nothing unique about the subs. near my home We have Claros Italian Market which is better and much lower in price. Still no places beats Titos Market In South El Monte.
I had a nice visit for lunch on my 50th birthday, the manager had everyone to give me a shout out and came to the table to ask if everything was ok.  I really like the milk chocolate cookies too.  Nice and clean, everyone was friendly.
This is by far the best Jersey Mike's I've ever been to in terms of customer service and cleanliness. The manager, always has crazy hairstyles, is by far the hardest working and fastest person who's there and on top of that she's very friendly and knows me and calls me by name everytime I'm there.

Great service and good subs. The only area I know they need help in is with their phone orders. My assistant placed one the other day and the guy screwed both sandwiches up so a little more attention to detail is needed on that front.
Jersey Mikes is now on my regular lunch rotation. And while I need to explore the rest of their menu a #13 Italian on Wheat, made Mike's Way with added "Red" spread, pickles, and jalapenos just hits the spot more often than not. 

Nitpicks: They need a larger chip selection including more "healthier" baked chips besides the plain baked ones. And some parts of this location are a little tight to walk through especially if they're busy. 

One seriously good bright spot: SERVICE is AWESOME here. 

In short for a good, reasonably priced lunch choice this Jersey Mike's is a sure bet.
Unless the lady Manager is there expect your sandwich to be wrong.  I called in to have it ready when we picked up only to find that they never started it.  Apparently they guy took my order down wrong and the manager had to correct it.  Unfortunately she had to take care of another helpless staff member so my husband ended up with a completely different sub than he ordered.  The subs were fine but of the two times I have been to this location in the last week it's clear there is only one person who knows what to do!

I seriously hope they are paying the manager big bucks because she is running the shop and having to do everyone's job for them!
Everybody who works here is crazy genuinely nice, at least the couple times I have been here. I had had Jersey Mike's when I was living in California but I don't remember being overwhelmed. I love how they are slicing meats and cheeses as you're ordering it... Makes it seem so much better and fresher. 

I'm so boring in my sandwich picks that I can't speak to some of the more creative flavors, but what I did get was great. I love oil and vinegar on my sandwich--and a big bonus is that it's so much healthier than mayo! Or at least in my mind it is...then again I eat chocolate and call it health food so what do I know.

Definitely will be back considering I drive by it every day to/from work!
I looove sammiches and Jersey Mike's does a great job of making some good ones.

Located right next to Firefly, JM serves up some great sandwiches in their own way. Jersey has either cold or hot subs, and everything is cut and sliced fresh in front you like like Port of Subs. They don't have baked subs but they do have a grill for their phillys.

I came in and ordered the Club supreme or whatever they call it... The sandwich was great, they sliced a ton of meat on to it, the toppings were perfect and the bacon was suuuuper crispy. On top of that, the service was great! People who work here were real nice. The friends I came with had a the Chicken Parm hot sandwich, though it sounded good, it came out to a hot mess literally.

They def get points for offering a UNLV discount, but beware showing up at lunch time! They can get packed.
Super quick and delicious subs in 5 mins with amazing and super nice employees - honestly what more can you ask for?
We were in town with friends, having a grand time.  Driving down the street to a show, we were a little behind schedule but had the munchies.  My buddy suggests Jersey Mike's.  

Good choice.

Our friends had been there before but we'd never heard of Jersey Mike's.  So we knew nothing going in - what they serve, what the prices are, what the options are, etc.  Annnnddd....we were in a hurry.

Those people there took good care of us.  They were patient while we stared all over the interior like goofs, trying to figure out what to get and why.   They made suggestions and streamlined the process so we could get back on the road.

Back on the road, those sandwiches were delicious!!!  Reasonable pricing for everything we got (sandwiches, cookies, chips, drinks), polite interactive employees, and great taste.

Go Jersey Mike's!!!!  We'll be back.
fav place for a fast healthy sandwich. They shave the meat right in front of you, unlike subway... Who knows how long subway's meat has been sliced. YUCK!

Jersey Mikes over Subway all day every day! Order it mikes way!!

My fave sandwich: Turkey - Mikes way with banana peppers
Service here is always excellent. They are never short staffed and the employees are always friendly and polite. They strike up  conversation while speedily preparing your sandwich which I appreciate rather than being rushed along the "assembly line" like other sub shops.

The subs are great - full of flavor, average prices, and offer a different spin on your regular sandwich. I have had the chicken Parmesan which was delicious, and I've seen both of the variations of cheesesteak which I think is next on my to try list.

This location is clean with fast service and is never too packed if you're dining inside. Don't forget to sign up for their email rewards for discounted subs!
Had it for the 1st time few days ago the chipotle sub was really good! Service was top of the line really recommend it, just warning the giant is really a giant! Hahaha
Horrible service, called in order and messed it up quite badly and I will suggest my work gets catering from somewhere else and I for sure will not order here again since they messed my order up 3 times.
First time here and I thought the food was great!  They are very limited on toppings though and have way less then subway does but other than that it was really good.  The people were friendly as well and when I thought there was not enough meat on my sandwich they instantly put more on without any questions.  Customer service was great!
Love there sandwiches and wraps. They are always so nice here too.
This location has extremely nice workers, actually they all do! The sandwiches are always good, I've never been disappointed. The meat is in display and fresh every time. They are simple sandwiches but always good. I always get the turkey and provolone mikes way, yum!
Reading reviews after eating my sub has me puzzled. The staff is extremely friendly and gave me suggestions having never been here. When I walked in management team of about 7 was having a meeting so it seems they are genuinely interested in making their chain/store better.

I ordered the California Club Mikes Way with no tomato & it was very good. I can't believe other sandwich shops are in business with chains like these. Meat, cheese, lettuce, avacado, etc. all tasted very fresh. I also got a free cookie having it been my first time here :)

One minor complaint is the location of the store. The plaza looks a little run down & could detract from their business.

I would suggest it & would like to see one of these chains in the East Bay. They'd do good business.
Seemed like a good place to eat a first but as a first timer it's so confusing which side to order from. Just wanted a Caesar wrap and had to wait longer to order it from the "hot" side. I'll just go to subway thanks.
The staff here was amazing. Smiles everywhere and my Italian sandwich was made Mike's way, which is tasty tasty. Whoever you are, thank you Mike.
Finally! The West coast gets smart! (Or at least Las Vegas!) A Firehouse Subs has moved in, and has given me new found love for my ol' city. Please, just go for lunch one day. You can write this review for me, it's that good. They offer about ten million types of hot sauces from around the world (hence the name Firehouse) and all work well with all of the subs. I like to sneak some of the hottest sauces on my boyfriend's while he refills our drinks. I'm scandalious.

I always get the beef with hot sauce, but my boyfriend calls me disgusting. I think he gets the Italian. If its not called that, it's the one with all the meats, and its HUGE! And toasted!
I have been to this location twice in the last few weeks and both times ordered the New York Steamer...corned beef brisket and pastrami with provolone, mayo, mustard, Italian dressing and dill spear on the side...excellent.  The problem they have is the ability to fill orders quickly...20 minutes for one sandwich of this type is a little long.   A number of other customers appeared to be trying to figure out what was taking so long for their food as well.
My favourite sub place in Vegas, the sandwiches aren't obscenely large like in most places, but they are intensely flavourful and delicious, very satisfying. I always get the NY Steamer on white, which is hot pastrami and cheese, simple and very very yummy.
Hey! Not bad at all.  The subs are really good.  The Hook and Ladder is tasty.  The bread's not too filling and hard like other places.   It's just a really tasty sub.  It's also fulfilling.  I also tried their Chief Salad with grilled chicken.  Not bad at all.  I like how they have different types of hot sauces on the counter varying from different levels of spiciness.  The place has enough room to accommodate a number of people.
I was in Jacksonville, FL on business and saw Firehouse everwhere. I had a friend from Texas who loved the place so I figured I'd stop in. Turns out, Firehouse was started in Jacksonville and my friend was right about how awesome the subs are. We have Firehouse in Arizona, but the closest one to me is 40 miles away. I love a good sandwich, but I don't love it enough to drive that far. 

So I've turned Firehouse into my little treat when I travel to Las Vegas on business. This particular location is close to the hotel where I stay and the offices I visit. My mouth drools as my car turns onto Eastern as I know I'm close to Firehouse. I get the same thing everytime, I just can't bring myself to try somethign else. It's the number 8 (The Engineer) on wheat. It's everything I've looked for a in sub...good bread, not overloaded with toppings, and warm. Plus, my hot sauce craving gets satisfied as they have a bajillion hot sauces there to try.
I've been here a bunch of times and if you are looking for a good meatball sub, come here, but, YOU MUST ORDER THE EXTRA CHEESE, or you are missing out. The new sweet and spicy meatball is good too, has a smoky flavor
If you are a vegetarian and are looking for a great vegetarian sub, do yourself a favor and skip Firehouse - it's not worth your time!

(However, I have to be honest, I gave them two stars because we went on recommendation of my boss who LOVES IT and my boyfriend thought his sub was pretty OK. "pretty OK" doesn't seem that promising to me though. ha!)
Eh. I've been here a couple times, but I can honestly say I've had a lot better elsewhere. The bread here is extremely soft/doughy, and doesn't have much of a decent flavor. The staff here seem a bit disorganized, and the food itself doesn't taste particularly great. 

It's honestly not really worth the price that you have to pay to get food here. There are several places for sandwiches that taste better in the area. If given a choice between this and Carl's Jr in the same parking lot, I'd pick Carl's anyday.
A local friend took us here for lunch while in Vegas-- Tastiest hot sandwich i have ever had.  Be wary of Daves Insanity Sauce though.  Hopefully they open one in California or else its back to vegas for more!
One of the best subs I've ever had. The bread is enough where it doesn't fill you up. The meat is really juicy and flavorful and they give you more meat than other sub-sandwich shops.

The assortment of hot sauces is a really nice touch too. I had the Hook and Ladder and tried a little bit of Tequila Lime hot sauce which turned out really good.

The people at this location are really friendly and quick. I picked up a catering menu so my company can start using them for catered lunches.
The NY Steamer which is their beef brisket sub w/ provolone was delicious, however, a major drawback of the place is the price and a lack of selection to accompany their subs. $16 for two small subs with chips and drink is a little on the high side.
I really wish we had Firehouse Subs in LA because I love their subs. 

This location has great parking, a very clean restaurant and cute decor. 

Also, the abundant array of sauces to add to your sandwich is a plus.
I very much like their Hook & Ladder Sub.  Very tasty and hits the spot on a lazy afternoon.  A huge array of hot sauces displayed at the counter adds a nice touch.

Lacks 5 stars due to: 

1) Cost (a bit too pricey for what it is).  Much better deal to get a JJ Gargantuan at Jimmy Johns.  
2) Slow service.  Waited 15min once.  Way too long.  They were pretty busy though.
3) So a large sub combo doesn't actually come with a large drink?  You want me to pay how much more?
This is one of the best sub shops in the Las Vegas area. There is only one location and every time I go there I forget what I ordered last time. So it is like I go there for the first time every time. All the subs are large and they all look delicious. Don't forget to try out some of their variety of hot sauces. You can't have a firehouse without a fire!!!
Came here for dinner to try the sandwiches, thinking it would be a pretty average sandwich shop.  Ordered a turkey sub, and a BBQ sub.  Sandwiches were pretty good, particularly BBQ sub, which had tender meat and a good sauce.  Good serviceable option, and superior to the standard sandwich shops which I do not patronize (i.e. subway, port o' subs, etc...)  Price was a little higher, but quality was a little better as well.
Having visited many fire stations for work, I know firemen can cook. Since the chain was started by firemen and claimed to have great sauces, I had to stop by even if the temperature outside was triple digits. 
I ordered the turkey, roast beef with monterey jack cheese (engineer ladder I believe). 
It came with lettuce and tomato. Simple, but very clean and filling. 
The bread was nice and warm, the meats and cheese were melted just right. 
I love their sauce collection and choices. 

The sandwich itself is about $5-6 bucks. Great place for lunch. 
It sure beats the other chains.
Yum. Yum. Yum!
I went here for the second time just this weekend. I thinking it's probably a good thing this is not near my house or I would have to spend twice as long in the gym because I would eat here too often. 

I had the Engineer Sub, Fully Involved. Bread was fresh, veggies were fresh, the sauces were fab and the meat, mushrooms and cheeses were TDF!

Plenty of seats, good selection, short wait during a busy time period, AND they have Coke Zero! Yay!

I will be back!
If you have never had a Steamed Sub you must try this place. Be sure you get your sandwich "Full Loaded". This place has the largest selection of random sauces from BBQ Hot including all your habanero favorites.
I gt there steak cheese sub and I added mushrooms, this sammy was delicious except i think they were canned mushrooms not fresh, they tasted very rubbery... everything else was excellent, service was kinda slow but they were very busy. I love all the hott sauces they had, I wanted to tey them all but didnt have enough time or sandwhich. Id def. go back here again
Cute inside. Had the italian...it was good...but not the bestest ever. I would eat it again.
Decent sandwiches.  Fresh ingredients.  Not wowed.  M'eh.  Just okay.
I like this place for a chain restaurant. It has a mystique about it and a certain "cool" factor to it.

1.  The Subway menu got weird and difficult.
2.  Port of Subs, the franchise owners are very inconsistent
3.  Quiznos - I don't care to eat there if their advertisement is an annoying mouse.

Firehouse subs...I was on my weekly or semi monthly jaunt to Freed's when I saw a line out the door in 100+ degree weather at the restaurant. I went in finally another time and 

a.  Their menu is very easy to order from
b.  All the meats are warmed, adding a nice taste.
c.  Large eat in area, great for the kids, positive atmosphere.
d.  For a "non" service restaurant, they provide pretty good servicee.  
e.  All those bottles of spices...  very nice.

You will like this place. I won't blow your mind, but it will be just decent food.
These sandwiches are delicious, but there is one problem....Why is it that only the fire department and police officers get a discount in Las Vegas? I am in private EMS, and even when in uniform I am told that there are no discounts for us. Police, Fire and EMS are a TEAM... we work together as public safety guardians! Please fix this error!
Capriottis is like one thousand percent better. 
It's not that this place is bad, it's just Cap's is waaaaaay better. 
I kinda think people just like the fireman gimmick. People love firemen...they can sell anything and people will buy it!
 
I had the Italian and it had no kick. It was lacking flavor. 
My husband had the cheese steak and he really liked it, but he likes anything. It's a cool place with great decor but it's not a sandwich mecca. 

This is far for us to go for a sandwich and since it didn't knock our socks off, we probably will not be returning. 

Like I said Cap's is better.
Struck with a sandwich craving and wanting to try a new place, I wandered on over to this sandwich shop that had been catching my eye for awhile now. And sadly, I really wish I hadn't.

There are two things that were good about this place:
1) The Rat Pack firefighter mural on the wall.
2) The selection of hot sauces with convenient little to-go cups.

I'm still not quite sure what to make of the service. Everyone was sorta zoned out and just going through the motions. No friendliness, no excellence, and quite the air of "you are annoying me, please go away".

But really warrants the 1 star is the food. I had the chili, steak and cheese sandwich, and smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket.

The chili looked good, even though it came topped with strips of cheddar cheese and rings of onions (not shredded cheese and diced onions), but it was runny and bland. It was almost inedible.

The steak and cheese sandwich was absolutely inedible. This is essentially their version of a Philly cheesesteak. The menu describes it as sauted sirloin steak, melted provolone, sauted onions and bell peppers, mayo, and mustard. The only flavor that I could taste was mayo. Overwhelming mayo. And it wasn't good mayo. There was no mustard and very few onions and bell peppers. Barely any cheese. And the meat was completely flavorless. All served on some horrible bread.

The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket was an improvement, but only achieved barely edible status (once dipped in hot sauce). The meat was tender, but flavorless. The cheese didn't add much to the overall sandwich. And it was rather soggy. 

This pretty much wins as my worst eating experience in Vegas.
This place is great if you have an hour lunch break and you want to sit down and have a nice hot sub for lunch. Around lunch time, this place can get kinda packed so I wouldn't necessary call it a quick-grab-and-go kinda place. 

My favorite sandwich  is the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket with BBQ sauce. It's so good, it almost taste like real southern BBQ. With all the sandwiches you can get a combo with a drink and a bag of chips. The subs come in two sizes, the medium and the large. Almost equivalent to a 6inch and a foot long. You won't be able to get enough!
Soooooo superior to Subway.
It was my second visit to Firehouse, the first time it was one of those cases where we're on our way somewhere and needed a quick bite to eat, we were not disappointed. The subs are delicious with lots of flavor, toppings are plentiful and taste fresh. The rolls are yummy, soft on the inside and just a tad crusty on the outside. I've been turned off by Quiznos lately, they don't make em like they use to, they've gotten lazy, and I've tried different locations and it didn't make a difference. I'll still go to Subway for convienence sake only...they are everywhere. I still adore Capriottis, I'm from the east coast and this is as close as you can get out here to a "hoagie" that I've experienced (hate the cheesesteaks though).  Never liked PortaSub.
So we tried the Hook and Ladder and the Turkey Bacon ranch...both were delicious, you get a pickle on the side and they have a hot sauce bar if you wish to spice things up. If you decide to share a sub with someone, they will cut it for you and put it in seperate baskets...its the little things that edge them up the ladder, get it Ladder, cuz its a firehouse. LOL.
They recently opened one near home, so I will definitely try that location soon.
Great food friendly servIce
Was in the area and decided to give this place a try, after our first two options were closed already.  The store was clean and has nice themed decorations.  The staff was proficient at their job and the sandwich order was prepared and delivered to the table quickly.

This was my first and only visit to any Firehouse Subs, so it took me a few minutes to finally decide on ordering the Steamer (#3) combo that I upgraded from med to footlong for an extra $2 or you can also 2x the meat on the medium size sandwich for $2.  It was a good idea to upgrade the size, as my friend who just ordered the regular combo was still hungry after polishing off his medium sandwich, his bag of chips and the drink.  I was satisfied was the sandwich, but it is on the pricey side. ($7.59 for the large sandwich +$2.19 for the combo + tax = $10.58)

I still think I would get a better deal at Togos (if I was back in California) and Quiznos (especially with coupons and online promos they email). So in terms of value, I think it lags behind the other sub shops.

Flavor and taste-wise, I thought it was good.  And the best part was trying out the assortment of bottled sauces that are available for patrons to try.  My favorite is the African origin Puri Puri sauce.

Anyway, I am glad I gave it a try, but highly doubt that I will return in the future.  

Decor:  4/5  Themed decorations that you know is professionally implemented.

Service:  4/5  They did their job professionally.

Taste:  3.5/5  Pretty good sandwich (Steamer, which is supposedly their top seller).

Value:  2.5/5  On the pricey side, and the portion is on the smallish side.

3 stars.
Went in and got the steak sub. Gotta say this is one of the better subs I have had around here. Fairly quick service the bread was soft and tasty. I also love that they contribute to locals fire safety causes. I highly recommend trying them!
Best Sub place I've ever been to! The bread is soft and yummy, the meat warm, the vegetables fresh. I love their BBQ sauce. I always get the Hero- Roast Beef, Ham, and Turkey. YUM-O! Its always busy at lunch time. They ever have Sweet Tea!! Better then Soda any day!! 

Everyone is comparing them to Capriottis, but they are two different types of sandwiches! I dont like Capritottis at all. Their sandwiches are too thick that i cant even put it in my mouth. And usually soggy. Firehouse is the perfect amount of meat and vegtable.
I am a sandwich fanatic.  I am very picky and I usually believe that very very few can make a sandwich as good as me so this review is saying something.  
Firehouse Subs is crazy good.  Excellent size, quality, flavor and down right satisfying with a very happy tummy effect.  This is not a over the top Guy Fierri Food Network sandwich.  This is a solid well made sandwhich.  Either 8" or 12" are available.  Size and proportion are top notch.  Moreso is the quality of meat they use.  The flavors of the sandwich I had (Fireman Hero) were out of this world.  
As a novelty in the shop they have a rack of various hot sauces for your consumption.  There must have been over 20 different kinds to choose from.  Most important for me to mention is the Captin Sorenson's Datil Pepper Sauce.  OMG!  This sauce is off the hook good.  So good I footed the $4.99 for a bottle to take home with me.  CRAZY GOOD.  
Service was friendly and quick.  Atmosphere of the shop was really cool.  Lots of firehouse memorabilia (go figure).  Top marks on cleanliness in the shop and the restrooms.  
I AM DONE LOOKING FOR A SANDWICH SHOP IN VEGAS!  This is IT!
I have been a fan of Firehouse subs for almost 8 years, since I ate at one of the very first restaurants in Jacksonville, Florida. When I stopped traveling for work, Firehouse was one of the chains that I missed the most.

One day, I was at Cars & Coffee across Eastern, stomach growling, grumbling, nay, SCREAMING for food. When it gets to this point, there is no easy decision, everything and nothing sounds good. Something caught my eye as my head turned to check out a loud car, a familiar white and red sign, no, it couldn't be. Scanning actively for the sign again, staring at it incredulously, I thought I had to be imagining something in my hunger induced haze.

Fortunately, I was not imagining it! I made my way across the street to make a Hook & Ladder intimate friends with my belly in short order. Ordering my food, I brought out my trusty Firehouse punch card from the East coast and asked the lady how long they had been open. I was absolutely SHOCKED to find out that they were celebrating their one year anniversary. How could such delicious food be so close to me, and they not advertise at all?!

My go-to order is always the Hook & Ladder with a sweet tea. The heated turkey and ham, with melty cheese, mayo, lettuce and tomato just hits the spot, even if it doesn't fill me up, check the nickname, bottom-less pit, remember?

I will say that aside from the register worker, most of the staff does seem rather aloof and distant, when busy or slow, they have always been that way at this location. My sandwiches are always good, so that is what keeps me coming back.
Upon entering this place, the air was a little smokey from the food being heated.  They really go with that NY firehouse theme, LOL.  Anyhow, on the right side of the place was a fake brick wall with fire hats hanging.  Also, I noticed the little kids were given small hats too.  

If you like pastrami get the New York Steamer for $7.88 with chips and drink.  Very delicious.  My wife and I split the large New York Steamer. It was our first time and we kinda just wanted to sample something.  After we were served they were nice enough to say, "next time tell us you're going to split the meal so we can put them in separate baskets".  Something else that goes a long with fire theme is the barrage of hot sauces you can choose from.    If you're into pop, I mean soda, Firehouse has a very unique soda machine that is touch screen and has up to 120 drink combinations!

Definitely would go again.   I'm really glad I went but, I would suggest to take it to go if you go on the weekends cause this place is packed!  I give Firehouse Subs 4 stars.
This must of been the 3rd time we ate here. It's always delicious. But my eyes are always bigger than my stomach.
I like Firehouse Subs. Yes, I know it's a chain. But so what. It's sparkling clean and polished and the service is attentive and fast. My usual order is a New York Steamer with corned beef brisket, pastrami, melted provolone, mustard, mayo, and Italian dressing. But they have one thing that really stands out. On the counter are approximately 40 different kinds of hot sauce from Dave's Insanity to sauces you may have never heard of. And you are free to try any or all, if you're brave enough. I took a picture of the sauce rack...I'd hate to know the Scoville count of all those bottles. 

This place can be counted on for a good quality sub pretty much every time you walk in the door. Parking can be interesting sometimes and getting back to Eastern to go North can be tricky. But it's worth the time to check out.
I wish I had a picture of her (manager's)  face when I walked in at 9:58pm.  Boy was it totally unwelcoming. You know, the "we're closing in two minutes" grouchy face.
That aside,
I love their subs. My favorite subs ever. Hook and Ladder with some hot sauce on the side... yum!
Firemen - yum.

Sandwiches - also yum!

Hey, how can I not like a place that is owned and operated by firemen? Considering my obsession with Rescue Me, I'd say that's pretty much impossible. 

On my birthday (May 1st) I decided I would try out Firehouse Subs. Because guess what? You can get a free medium sub on your birthday here - your choice of which kind of sandwich! I decided to do this on my birthday because FS is a bit out of the way for me to drive to, but it's been on my "To Try" list for awhile. Now I wish there was one right up the block from where I live. It's so frustrating to be faced with ONE sandwich option in my neighborhood: Subway. Boo.

As for Firehouse - they have now been moved into my top sandwich spots! I personally think they are better than Cap's and the setup of the shop is nicer than Cap's as well. I think the "firehouse" decor adds to the experience and of course, the multitude of hot sauces to sprinkle on your sandwiches kicks everything up a notch! Excuse my Emeril euphemism. 

On my trip I got the Hook & Ladder: ham, turkey, melty cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayo, and this nice deli sauce mustard - mmm! Without the mustard it's just an ordinary sandwich, but with it - oh my... 

The staff was nice and happy about my birthday sub (yay!) and I really love their Coca Cola machine. It's like the new ones inside Five Guys burger places.

Overall - 4 Stars! Not 5 because I do think it's a bit pricey.
The Italian sub is amazing.
I really like the sandwiches here, only problem is that it's far and I gotta drive 19 miles just to get to this place.

They have a lot of hot sauce you can choose from which is really great because I love my ghost chilli powder. 

People are friendly and the atmosphere is great.
First time here and was not very impressed.  I got the pastrami sub and theres was 2 little pieces of meat and all bun. Flavor was good if not for all the bun. But  I"ll go elsewhere for my sub Fix.  I do like the hot sauce selection...Nice touch there
The subs were delicious like always, except i was less than impressed with the level of customer service. No one ever said hello or smiled. It was if they were in hell or just didnt care. I didnt like that one bit. I would rather go somewhere with crappier food if the waitress' or cashiers have outstanding personalities or give us amazing service. 

I wont be back to this one.
I moved from Vegas to LA 3 years ago. When i go back to visit I make it a must to stop by here for a sub. They steam them so the meat is extremely juicy and flavorful. I ate here once a week when I lived here. The club sandwich is the best club I have ever had. Plus they have a million different hot sauces to sample. You can have a different  sauce on every bite if you wanted. Try the peach habanero hot sauce......Um now I want to go back.
This is one of those sandwich shops that is fairly new to Las Vegas and tucked into strip malls.  With that said; honestly you forget it's there.  I have eaten here a few times just out of curiosity.  It was pretty good.  They have the fireman theme.  Their flagship sandwich is called the "Hook & Ladder,"  which you guessed it is a fireman reference.  

The reason I went here two time in a seven day period is because of a radio commercial.  Yes, a radio ad!  They have blitzed the radio stations promoting their new Pork and Slaw sandwich.  The first 50 times I heard this my brain started to give in.  It was almost like a jedi mind trick via the radio.  After about the 75th time I heard the ad, I said to myself: "I must try this pit smoked pecan pulled pork sandwich topped with Hawaiian cole slaw and pepper jack cheese nestled into a sweet roll!"  Yeah I know your mouth is watering right now.  I finally made it to the restaurant super stoked and somewhat brainwashed.  When I bit into this sandwich I my taste buds when into shock.  I couldn't believe a pulled pork sandwich could be so tasty!  

Stop by and get this wonderful sandwich before it's gone!  The other sandwiches are great too.  Cheers!
I had been wanting to try Firehouse Subs on the recommendation of my best friend who lives in Utah, so I was happy to discover this location in Henderson, NV. 

 I ordered the meatball sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the Italian Sub. The meatball sandwich was delicious! The meatballs were tasty and it was a perfect amount of cheese and sauce melted on top. The bread was lightly toasted just how I like, and very freshly baked. The Italian sub that my boyfriend ordered was good, however the oil and vinegar they used was a little too sweet for me.

The restaurant was clean and the people behind the counter were very friendly and efficient. We were in town visiting hey family member, and would definitely go back and eat there again the next time we're in town.
The second time this has happened so I have to write a YELP to help these people out. I head into Firehouse it is 3:30 in the afternoon and they're not too busy. Order food and ask for NO mayo and NO mustard. I wait for my food and head back to the office open my sandwich and guess what? You got it!  They put Mayo and mustard on my sandwich.  Not a little mayo but A LOT I can't even scrap it off.  Another annoyance is they made the sandwich upside down (not a big deal but annoying). Call the store and the Asst. Manager wants to know if I want to come down in get another one. NO! I'll jump in my 130 degree car and take 40 minutes out of my day because of your mistake. The part that really gets me is they were not busy but there was a whole lot of screwing around going on while I was in there. Employees off shift hanging out. Not sure where the owners are but this place used to be GREAT but beware if you go now! Check your food before you leave if it's to go!
I love the taste and quality of their sandwiches. Their service is always polite and the place is always clean. The one downside for me is the price. At 17 dollars for two large sandwiches that's a bit steep for me. If I made it a meal then bam I am at  25 bucks for a couple of sandwiches, chips and a drink. I love their sandwiches but this is a once every six months type of place for me. If I am going to spend 10-15 dollars a person I will go somewhere that I get a waitress and get to take up a booth for an hour.
Super friendly staff and delicious food!  My fav is the hook and ladder.  The tuna was pretty gross.
Having heard rave reviews about this place from several friends over the years, we finally decided to try it for lunch.

The Good:
One if those awesome Coke machines where you can have 642,690,371,625,974+++ combinations.

The Bad: Reading my reviews lately, you would like I have a weirdly super-sensitive stomach and I really don't. 

But yeah, this place made me violently ill as well. I had the Club on a Sub so I don't know if it was the mayo or what it was... but yeah. 

Also - the staff was inattentive as hell. There were a minimum of 12 staff members there and it STILL took 35 minutes to get our food at about 2 in the afternoon on a Saturday. If this is the norm during the week as well, I would never make it back to work on time. 

The staff were more interested in watching the baseball game and talking about each play than making customers' sandwiches. Someone had to go to the counter three times to ask for the ice machine to be refilled. 

And fairly expensive as well, for a sub joint? We won't be going back.
The food is amazing, but the service is less than par.  We have had 2 separate occasions where we have called to place to-go orders, been placed on hold and been on hold for over 12 minutes - long enough to drive to the restaurant, go inside and order and tell them that I was still holding to place a to go order - TWICE!!  Both times the restaurant was NOT busy.
Firehouse subs are tasty and cheap.  I enjoy the variety of hot sauces to choose from and the touch screen soda dispenser has unique sodas to choose from, like Mello Yellow.  But the last time I was there the workers were unorganized and didn't seem to work well under pressure when it got busy.  

I called to order take-out because during rush hour I didn't want to wait in line.  When I arrived my sandwiches were ready; and what I mean by ready is wrapped up, in a bag, ready for me to pick it up.  When I told one of the workers that my sandwiches were ready and I'm ready to pay, she said the cashier who takes take-out orders is on break and I had to wait in line.  There were 3 or 4 people in front of me and and the cashier must've been new because she looked like she didn't know how to take orders.  Guess they didn't want my money right then and there.  After waiting for about 10 mins, two workers came back from their break and one jumped on the other register.  Finally I was able to pay, but the cashier was confused and couldn't find my order. 

I'll mostly likely go back again, but what horrible service.  After a long day at work the last thing I want to do is wait in line for sandwiches that were ready to be paid for.
Ok so this is a review from my visit last night 1/21/13 around 8:00PM.  This is my second visit as I visited this location when they just opened up.  I don't remember what I ate that time but what I do remember thinking was that it is just like any other sandwich place in Vegas...well I would like to take that comment back as a result of my visit last night.

I recently stopped eating meat...again, and I'm sure all my fellow vegetarians can agree that it is difficult to find good places that are veggie friendly.  I mean don't get me wrong, places TRY but all they really do is just eliminate the meat from their existing sandwiches.  Well my only option here was their Veggie sandwich.  I didn't read the description as I thought it was going to be the typical lettuce, tomato, cheese sandwich.  Well to my surprise my regular sandwich was loaded with grilled onions, grilled green bell peppers, grilled mushrooms, and ofcourse the lettuce and tomato.  I was so happy to see that they made the extra effort in creating a veggie option rather then just removing the meat from an existing sandwich.  What I also liked about this place was that they have over 20 different types of hot sauces ranging from 1-10 in heat.  I had some sort of raspberry hot sauce with my sandwich which made it all the better!

I will definitely come back...Great job guys~!
First of all I think the sandwiches here are fantastic!!! I have been to firehouse many times now. I feel that the place is starting to lack in customer service a lot. I dont understand what is the complication to make a sandwich in this shop. Honestly their customer service sucks now. They are so slow and uncaring. 
1. two weeks ago I ordered a chicken sub plus 2 more. I payed for all sandwiches and they tell me that they are out of chicken.. ok fine.. put turkey.. Cashier says no problem she switched my  order accordingly. I did not have to pay anything extra. What I did not realize until later was that.. it was actually cheaper to get a turkey sandwich so I was overcharged. She did not bother to do a return. Nice. I waited forever to get the sandwiches..It was not any busier than a quiznos would be.
2. I ordered ONE turkey sandwich last Saturday from my house for take out. I figured since they have been slow making sandwiches.. I will call in to give them more time. I called.. and they said.. 10 minutes.. I left my house and got there in the 10 minutes.. I still had to wait an additional 20 minutes just to get a sandwich.. 30 minutes for ONE sandwich? are you kidding me? This place is really lacking on focus. I dont know if they owners realize this but I dont remember waiting 30 minutes for a sandwich anywhere EVER!!! I am real disappointed. If they were more efficient I would be there at least 2 times a week...now I am starting to not go because I dont feel like waiting so long. Maybe they need more training. I dont know if the other locations are this slow. Sandwiches.. I love them.. customer service.. not so much.
Fabulous food, quick service! Love the pickle with your sub!
DELICIOUS subs, made fresh to order, able to customize, very friendly, helpful staff.
Just ate the Italian sub and give it 4 stars.  I walked in on a Friday night at 7pm and didn't have to wait to order and my sandwich was ready in about 8 minutes.  In and out in less than 10 minutes is always good.  By the time I drove the 10 minutes home and opened up the sandwich, it was still warm and tasty.  The only problem was that the oil leaked and half the bread was soggy - which does not make for a good sub experience.  Nobody wants soggy bread!  Since the sandwich was ginormous, it didn't really matter that I skipped the soggy parts - it was still plenty of food for one person.  All in all, a good sandwich deal in town.
The staff were very friendly and subs were great.  Love the "Red Pepper' souce.  I would recomend Firehouse Subs every time.
My favorite place for a quick sandwich.  A lot of food for the price.
So as an Employee if Port of Subs, I Must say this place ROCKS!!  1)Customer Service- This place has it. which is HUGE in my book. Personality, Greeting the Customers and making them feel Welcome. The Enviorment was great, very upbeat place, there were several Customers both visits to this Location. you had to wait a minute for your food as they made it for you. you are able to customize what you get on it, which is a plus. if you don't want mustard, your welcome to let them know. I have had the Chicken Salad Sandwhich both Visits with my sister, as she works across the Street at Republic. my son and I shared the Medium Sandwhich with the meal. the first time we Split it, I didn't ask to see if we could get it in seperate baskets, but the second Visit they surprised us and as I said I was splitting it with my son they put each half of the Sandwhich in 2 seperate baskets. it was very kind of them. I would Recommend this place if you would like a Change up. I wish they had more Firehouse Subs threw out Southern California AND more Port of Subs, Also instead of Subway (not a fan- only if people REALLy knew about subway). I will continue to ear here, anytime I'm in the Neighborhood.
We were going to eat here but decided not to at this time since we had just ate breakfast and knew where we wanted to eat lunch and dinner,so this is my first review where we went in talk to the family owned place which they were  so very nice and friendly the owner,son and daughter, this place was spotless I wonder if it is like that all the time and not because they had just open for the day, this place is founded by Firemen's,there are so many fire Items around in here,from the photo's,fire coat's and hat's,the deco is so cool like you are in a fire house eating.  We will absolutely eat here so I can review the food too.Almost forgot to say that when you sign up for the newsletter you receive a free large drink when you purchase a sub.sandwich also promo's, offer's,and a free med. celebratory sub.
This place makes tasty subs but my favorite part is the hot sauce bar, I like to try a new one every time I visit! The Engineer sub is my most recent choice, as well as the club sub. The staff is always friendly here too. I'm also a fan of the soda machine because of all the options you can choose. I'm glad to see more locations opening up around the Vegas valley, this sub shop is easily one of favorites!
Smokehouse beef brisket and cheddar is the absolute best sub ever!!!! This may be blasphemy, but the brisket n BBQ sauce in this sandwich rivals that of any BBQ joint I've ever been to. Yes, it's that damn good!! Go and get one... NOW!!!
Awesome sandwiches, the menu is meaty, cheesy, saucy and hot!  The staff is also friendly, helpful, and went out of their way to be nice to the kids.

They have one of those soda machines with just one nozzle but like a million different flavors of soda inside, I get a small soda just so I can refill a lot...Vanilla root beer, grape Sprite...mmmm

The brisket is very good.
My husband and I had this for a late lunch this past Saturday and had the steak and cheese sandwiches. 

I loved their soda machine, but my meat was not completely cold, but definitely less than warm and for a hot sandwich, I would expect the steak to be hot. 

Other than that, the staff was friendly, but I would probably try out a different firehouse subs shop.
Good quality sandwiches. Tastes better than subway or other sandwich shops. Friendly and fast service.  I have not found a better sub sandwich in Las Vegas.
I can't believe people actually choose to come here.  I came out of necessity.  And I don't plan on going back.

The system that they have is ridiculous....one guy takes down your name and order and passes it on.  The next person prepares your order.  And another person rings you up.  Then you sit and wait as all the people behind you get their bagels first.  I think "plain bagel toasted with cream cheese" threw them for a loop.  I mean why not get Dutch apple with walnut honey cream cheese?  If you want a pastry go to a bakery, not a bagel shop.

Anyways, seeing as everyone was clamoring for them I thought that maybe I would be getting a good bagel.  It was truly awful.  It was so mushy and chewy...there was no nice crisp outside.  There was no yummy fluffy inside.  It was just round chewy bread.
Awful!!! Why am I waiting 20 minutes for a bagel! Everyone should cross the 101 and got to Big City Bagels!! They have friendly, FAST service. Support local business owners! Einstein's made me wait 20 minutes and then they gave me the wrong bagel!!! I blame the owner!!!!
Incompetent and rude staff.  They make you wait 5 minutes just to take your order (without even acknowledging your presence).  Then they make your bagel wrong.  The last thing anyone who orders an everything bagel with chive cream cheese is an everything bagel with honey almond cream cheese.  Gross.  They argue with you that the incorrectly made bagel is correct.  They make you wait longer for the new one.  They do not even offer the common courtesy of a simple apology for wasting your time.  That was my first experience.  The second experience, I asked for my bagel to be toasted twice.  I saw the girl toast it once.  When I asked whether she toasted it twice, she yelled the toaster is broken-I can't toast it twice.  What?  Why is it my problem the toaster is broken?  And she had not toasted it twice.  The gentleman in front of me advised me to leave if I had not already paid because he had been waiting 20 minutes for 3 bagels.  These people should not be working with the public and even worse, probably could not answer - what is 2+2.  There is nothing complicated about toasting a bagel and treating customers with common courtesy.  This comes from someone who spent 10 years working in the restaurant industry.
I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about. The staff at this location are friendly to me. The service is fairly quick as I've gone in at varying times throughout the day. I love the everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. The steak, egg, and cheese bagel was a huge disappointment. It was pretty bland and tasteless. Stick with the bagels and cream cheese. As for the customer who waited 20 minutes for a bagel, I don't have the patience to wait that long for a snack.
I love Einstein Bagels but this location is completely unorganized.  Empty bagel bins and cream cheese fridge, coffees empty, milk/creamer empty. I called in catering order for next morning pick up. They did not pay any attention to the types of bagels I requested... unfortunately, I didn't find out until after I left... While waiting for my order to be completed, I ordered bagel and coffee for myself.  Had to ask for coffee cup three times, they forgot my bagel order so I had to remind them.  The cashier was friendly but person who seemed like the manager was a joke. He didn't have time to fill bins, coffee, etc but he had time to go outside and chat with buddies.They made sure to take care of friends who skipped the line and went around the counter to get freebies.  Definitely my last time at this location.  BTW... they were not very busy. maybe 0-3 people in line the whole time I was there.
I don't know why I bother anymore, honestly. Their bagels are good and all but they need some quality control on their specialty coffees. I asked 3 TIMES for a hot pumpkin spice latte and not only did I still end up with it on ice (I took it as is because they were busy and I was in a hurry), but it was also disgusting. Way too sugary for adult taste, in my opinion. They need actual trained baristas. They can't even make a proper macciato.
Friendly Staff, Always Quick. Im in and out in under 5 minutes in the morning.
Painfully slow service here and then discovered they got our small, simple order wrong.  Staff not very polite either.  Won't be back.  Much better bagel place on the other side of the highway by Four Peaks brewery.
We order bagels for my office on a semi-regular basis so I have a working relationship with the catering manager and pick up our bagels from this location. The ordering process is super easy and the pick up was quick and the gentlemen even took everything out to my car for me. I didn't realize that Einstein and Noah's share some similarities, but I was stoked to find out because the chocolate chip coffee cake is to die for. Luckily it wasn't in stock when I stopped in or else I would have been in trouble
Got a big order for a group, ordered it at 8am. They said they wouldn't be ready until 1pm, but called us at 11:30 and told us to come to pick up. Not a great judge of time, apparently, but thats fine.

On the website, my Lox + Cream cheese should have had sprouts, cream cheese, tomatos, cucumbers, capers and a pickle, but my sandwich was missing the sprouts, the cucumbers, and the pickle. This made me sad, because I love pickles.

So, not sure what's going on here, but this was the case for all of the lox orders -- if you are going to provide a description on the website for what we can order, please abide by it. Otherwise, the sandwich was tasty and the service was fast because they were empty when we got there.
The staff here is extremely polite and courteous. I haven't been to a Einstein bagels in years I completely forgot how delightful the food is here. I ordered two bagels which only took about 3 minutes to make. If your looking for some fast service I definitely would recommend this place.
I haven't been to this location in awhile and I was appalled at the state it is in! The bathroom looked like a truck stop. The floors and tables were filthy. Even the prep area was an unorganized disaster! I mentioned to the manager about the state of the restroom and he didn't even apologize, he only half-heartedly offered to take a look himself, as if I was pulling his leg or something!
I don't know what happened to this Einstein's but it's completely fallen apart. The inside dining area is always filthy and they are consistently out of several kinds of bagel. Some of the staff are nice but the majority of the staff are rude and useless. I contact the manager about the lack of common bagels like everything, sesame, and raisin, but never received a response in return. Nor did I see a change in the store. If you like Einstein's bagels you are better off going to the location on 90th & Shea.
Just wanted 2 dozen bagels. Usually they have the grab and go. They told me to wait off to the side while they prepare the boxes. While waiting, I noticed they helped the 3 people behind me before I finally said something and received my order. Service was good, just note that it may take you some extra time.
They get a two for being open crazy early (5:00am) when I need breakfast on the way to work. 

But at that hour the staff always has music to their taste playing loud enough in the house to be heard on the back. The woman at the counter screamed three greetings to me as I approached the counter, none of which I could hear over the pop song on loudspeaker.  Had to yell my order to be understood. Then had to wait getting a headache from the loud music while the counter help screeched three times for a cashier as she threw my order together so sloppily it was totally unappealing. Not a pleasant experience at all.
This place is pretty much an abortion. I've been here twice now, once for a quick coffee stop (mediocre coffee), once for lunch today. What's up with them basically whispering your name when your order is ready?

The highlight of my meal (which was actually made correctly, but I had to confirm that my order had chips...they were about to let me pay almost $9 for a veggie sandwich and not take a side) was watching a guy stroke out on a manger after basically everything in his order was wrong.

Word to the wise, you have to know the menu and pricing system better than the staff here.
Bagels are always good. The nova lox bagel was on point.  The low cal egg white sandwich was fine but not remarkable. Nice casual way to spend a Sunday morning chilling with the family.
You know it's family run when you hear the staff arguing with each other behind the counter while little old dad is slowly wiping each table, grinning happily at you as you sink your teeth into one of their bagels.

Can't help but grin back, gloppy cream cheese on the mouth or not.

Empire is a humble little place offering fresh bagles and cream cheeses.  Does it compare to Einstein Bros?  I do love Einstein's, and they do have more to choose from, but since there isn't any by me, Empire Bagels is the next best thing.

Bagels are that perfect combo of crisp and chewy goodness and deli meats are cut on request.  Cream cheese helping is extremely generous.  The chicken salad is not too mayonnaisey, with big chunks of white meat.  You actually taste the chicken, not the celery.  One chicken salad bagel will run you $5.75 including a little pasta or potato salad.  The most expensive bagel will run you about $7 and has the works.

Great fresh bagel place for the west valley with an irresistably cute New York flair.
Erm, this place is closed or out of business? I went there yesterday about midday. All I saw inside was a painter's bucket and a couple of office desks. Their website says they're "Now Open!" but unless they've moved (there was no sign indicating this) the place doesn't exist.
out of business.

this was a great place to get food...
Holy Hannah....I can't believe that I never knew about this place! Now, I am always in the mood for a good sandwich. Heidi's is where you will find me from now on...probably more often than I should be. The two calorie/fat ladened sandwiches that my friend and I split have probably taken about 2 years off my life but they were well worth it.

The Cajun Crab Cake Sandwich was to die for!! The crab cake was crisp/hot and the special spicy sauce was delectable. We had our choice of homemade breads and decided to go with the French Hoagie....fresh and soft. And if that wasn't enough we had to be gluttonous and try one of their cold sandwiches.  Since it was Halloween day and we were in a festive mood we decided to go with the Hell's Kitchen sandwich....wow...I never thought egg salad would taste so good between layers of bacon, swiss, avocado and their special spicy sauce. 

Good prices and a very friendly staff....Heidi's is a spot to try if you are looking a good sandwich away from the norm. Be warned...they are addicting....
Tasty bread as it is baked fresh daily.  Their chocolate chip cookie is also very good.  The workers seem to be a lacking a bit in the service department but overall, the food is good.
Star deduction is for the teeny bags of chips that come with your sandwich....Otherwise I had a great experience.  The staff were all very friendly and my sandwich was awesome.  Authentic Brooklyn?  I don't know and I don't really care, the bread was fresh, the veggies were crunchy, the sauces they put on were good.  So yeah, go git cha some!
This place is awesome... I happen to work next door and we order lunch from there all the time, Well maybe i should say ordered lunch from there all the time, There was some sort of drama or something and the place was forced to shut down... The sandwiches were delicious and the soup amazing, the staff was very friendly and will be missed... The prices were more than fair for the massive sandwiches they served up.. Sad to see the place go.
These sandwiches are amazing.  We had a catering for a night of long IT work and ordered from Heidi's all the different sandwiches we could figure.   Great thick bread, delicious meats and fresh vegetables with fixings and a pickle!  NOM NOM NOM!
I've only tried this place once, but I already know the next time I go, I will have the same experience. They have $5 specials and they give you a pretty nice serving. I bought the Cajun Crab Cake on rye and LOVED IT. The cookie that came with my meal was delicious. I love this place and you have to try it if you get a chance. I am going back there today and will post an update
Jacquee's Espresso is a delightful little deli hidden in the Two Renaissance Square Tower. Had it not been for a co-worker taking me on my first day of work, I doubt I'd have ever wandered in there on my own, but that's beside the point....

The point is that Jacquee's rocks! Whatever you do, don't hate on Jacquee's. If you do and I'm around, I might just bust a ninja kick in your face. (But probably not...I rarely reveal my ninja skills outside my apartment.) 

I have been to Jacquee's at least once or twice a week for the last six months and I have zero complaints. They have scrumptious sandwiches, salads, soups, wraps, and cookies to die for, all big and soft like. I am a big fan of the sandwiches. Jacquee's makes the kind of sandwiches I would make for myself at home if I wasn't so lazy. Boar's head meats, hearty breads, and vegetables so fresh they make me wonder why I ever slum it at Subway/Blimpies/Quizno's.

So basically, in essence, on the whole, the point I am trying to make, to get across, to fundamentally express is that if you work downtown and have not been to Jacquee's for lunch yet, you are going tomorrow (or today if you are reading this in the a.m.). 

I feel I have done my civic duty by writing this review! Then again, maybe I should have kept Jacquee's a secret so the lines aren't so long....
(Amanda please don't ninja kick me... at least not in the face, it's all I have going for me.)

I would definitely rate Jaquee's higher if espresso wan't in the name. However, if I go to Big Tom's Shawarma and the shawarma doesn't rock, it's not going to get a good review. I love Espresso and since I'm out of town getting my fix sounded really good. I came across this place because I came out of the patio entrance of Baja Fresh.

So, I tried the Espresso (after coming out of the patio entrance of Baja Fresh... a different time). I ordered a single shot with whip cream. Not exactly expecting perfection, I didn't even ask them for a con panna, I just said a single with whip cream. First of all, it was practically a whip cream latte. They put it in a regular size cup and the whip cream was so high I had to eat some to get the lid on. So, I grabbed a couple raw sugars and went around the corner and dumped 90% of the whip cream in the garbage. I added the sugars (I make it at home with 1 teaspoon sugar and a small amount of whip) and tasted.

Yuck! I couldn't even drink the thing. The whole thing followed the whip cream into the garbage. It was so bad, I couldn't even imagine getting a drinkable latte there.

This would make the place 1 star. However, being in a charitable mood, I went back the next day for breakfast. (And because there are almost no breakfast places nearby that have sausage options.) So I ordered a sausage breakfast burrito. The burrito bumped the review up to two stars. HOWEVER! They have really, really good home made salsa. Combined with the burrito it made three stars for this joint. If the place were called Jaquee's Breakfast Burrito's and Awesome Salsa, I would give it 4 stars.

Based on Amanda's review, I feel obligated to try the sandwiches. I will update my review accordingly once I have done so.

Jacquee: if you ever read this and want some advice on how to make espresso one can actually consume, I'd be more than happy to help.
Jacquee's is tucked away in a little corner of the Renaissance building, just like a treasure waiting to be discovered! The service is always very friendly and super-quick! Even at the height of the lunch rush, I only have to wait a few minutes for my food to be made. The ingredients are fresh and the meat is top quality. How can you go wrong with Boar's Head?! I love the spicy deli mustard on almost any sandwich or wrap with a ton of veggies! Also, the fresh-brewed, flavored iced tea is always nice. I hate when other places serve the tea that comes out of a fountain - YUCK!!

I plan on going back to try the breakfast sandwich for only $2.50 - what a deal! Not to mention coffee drinks and Italian sodas to boot!
I only had a few minutes to grab lunch on Friday so I stopped by this little shop on the first floor of the Renaissance building.  I ordered a grilled cheese and some potato salad and my order was ready in just a few minutes.  They have Boar's Head products here so the quality of the meats and cheeses is excellent.  My coworker grabbed a turkey sandwich that she claimed was the best sandwich she'd had in a long time.  My grilled cheese was pretty tasty too, crisp and buttery!  My potato salad was pretty good, although I think it might have taken a few years off my life from all that delicious mayo.  Great place to grab a sandwich downtown.
The place was very clean and cute.  The service was also very efficient and friendly.  Today, I had a delicious breakfast burrito.  It was super filling and not greasy. The salsa that came with it was also good.  Not hot, but had good flavor.  I am looking forward to going back again for a delicious sandwich or one of their yummy coffee drinks.  Thanks for making my morning nicer Jacquees.
The sandwich I had today was like really good sex that you keep re - living in your mind.  When it is happening you know it is the best you have ever had.  After you remember all the fantastic things and relive the moment.  

Today, I had the pleasure of eating the chicken salad sandwich on cranberry walnut bread.  It was huge and had a good ratio of mayo - not too much and not too dry.  The chicken was white meat that was generously cut into huge chunks.  There was some dill, celery, and black pepper in there too.  Sandwich - I am still thinking about you.
It's unfortunate that Jacquee's is basically hidden from anybody who doesn't work in or near the Renaissance building because the sandwiches are TDF. 

Today I had a Hot Ham & Cheese on a kaiser roll with jalapeno, lettuce, avocado and side of love. I usually stick to the wraps (Thai Chicken = Dope) but I can also vouch for the Chicken Salad on cranberry walnut bread. The potato salad is also quite tasty. 

Jacquee's is a perfect take-and-eat mom and pop sandwich shop that cares enough to use Boar's Head meats and cheeses and fresh bread. 

Perhaps next time you're about to give Subway your $7 you'll consider giving it to Jacquee's instead.
Jacquee's is my lunch time savior.  Oh, ok, breakfast too.  Actually, there is nothing that I have had that I didn't like.

The veggie sandwich is fabulous.  If iced tea is your drink of choice ... Jacquee's usually has 2 or 3 flavors, in addition to just plain old iced tea.

My favorite meal at Jacquee's is breakfast.  They carry a line of oatmeal, Umpqua oats.  WOW, WOW, WOW!  Yeah, it's pre made, but still a healthy, filling, tasty option.
3/5 it's aiite...

girl can make a good sandwich. and for a side, they offer an interesting pickled cucumber thing. anyways, i think it's a decent lunch choice among other options. i heard that their other offerings are also good, and that the soups are worth coming back for. overall though, it was just a good sandwich.
Definitely a solid choice for some quick healthier alternatives.  Good Wraps with quality ingredients.
Hands down the best sandwich place Downtown.  

You can always count on them to be fast, quality and delicious.  Anything you order there is good - and you can't say that about many places.
If you work downtown around Adams and Central, Jacquee's is a great place to grab some grub to take back to your desk for lunch or breakfast.  Don't let the long line during the lunch rush fool you.  The wait isn't bad.  The selection is good for a soup and sandwich joint with lots of healthy choices or full flavor.  You can get a complete meal, or if you just want a snack, there are several a la carte options throughout the day along with coffee and treats. 

The thing that impresses me the most is that they always remember my name and greet me as if I'm their best customer ever...when I know that I am far from it!
Someone brought by a coupon for Jacquee's Espresso one day this week at the office, and I used it that day for lunch. They are a quick walk from my office tower, which at least gets me some Vitamin D for a few minutes. 

Jacquee's has a breakfast menu, along with coffee, which I'll try this coming week. But this is for lunch... They have a nice menu of sandwiches and wraps - they all look pretty healthy.  They are made while you wait, which is great. Mine was delicious. The line can get long for lunch, so expect a bit of a wait between noon and 12:30 p.m.
I m still a fan of this place.  They are so consistent with their food and service.  Everything I have had here is good.  I especially like the different teas they have eah day.  It is a bit pricey, but the quality is not lacking at all.
Really great coffee, and breakfast sandwich.  Their salads are ok.  Great soups!

They are always really busy at lunchtime but the line moves quickly.
:( unremarkable, burnt the espresso in my cappuccino. When you got espresso in the name of your business you should be able to make it well.
Friendly staff and great food.  I love this place.
My friends and I get coffee from here daily. It's just a short walk from work and lines are ususally short. The staff are very friendly! Items are priced well. Although they have food I only go for coffee. The Chai Tea is a must! I have never been one for tea, but I'm addictied.
I lived in jersey for a bit, and my dad owned a deli there, so i have grown to appreciate an awesome jersey sub. jersey mikes has no competition in my mind. the service is awesome, so friendly. My fave is the #9!!
I ordered a regular(7"-$6.95) Big Kahuna Cheese Steak to go. It has grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, jalapenos and extra cheese. It was really good. The bread wasn't even soggy and it took me 20 minutes to get home!
The only sandwich worth paying for.  I will not buy Subway or Quizono's as I think I make a better sandwich for less, but Jersey Mikes #13 Mikes way on white is the best sandwich going anywhere!!!  The best sandwich shop no matter where you go.  Have had it in CA and NV and is still my fav place to go for a good east coast style Italian Hoagi.  Used to live back east and is the only place that has captured the east coast classic Italian sub.  If you haven't had it you owe it to yourself to try it!  If you don't like it... well then... you  don't know what's good for ya!!
Ordered the Chipotle chicken philly and it was delicious! The family got cold subs and they were great too. The meat freshly sliced when you order it. They staff is great too. Make sure you ask for a stamp card to save up for a free sub!
I work really close to here so I visit often.  The cold cut combo on wheat, done "Mike's Way" is my personal favorite.

The staff is friendly and remembers you when you come in.

Great quick healthy lunch!!
don't go to the one off simmons in NLV, they havent figured out how to make the rolls in the past 6 years, and they will also drown your sub in oil and vinegar.
This was my first time getting a Jersey Mike's sandwich. I'm normally more a Capriotti's girl, or Subway on my way home. I decided to try Jersey Mike's a few nights ago since I was already in the area.

The main draw of Jersey Mike's is in their fresh sliced meats. As in, they don't slice it until you order it. The meats were flavorful, and had none of that slimy quality that Subway can get. They have fewer topping options, mainly lettuce, onion, & tomato, which is why I only gave them 4 stars. If you want cheese, you need to ask for it.

I went with the 13, with 6 types of meat, and put both the red wine vinegar and the oil on top. The sandwich was good, at about the same price of Capriottis. I will definitely come back, and work my way through the menu.
Probably the best place for Subs in Las Vegas.  Sign-up for there club, they will send you a FREE Sub and drink for your birthday.  REALLY FREE...........not a buy one get one.
I had never heard of Jersey Mike's until I moved to Las Vegas and I don't know if I'll ever go back to Subway! 

All their meat is sliced fresh when you order it and their chicken breast is grilled to order (not some spongy chicken patty that Subway has). I also like that they have wraps and that you can make any sub sandwich into a salad.

Cons: Not as many veggie toppings as Subway, and not as many bread choices either.

Overall, I like the quality of their meat and how everything was just super fresh. This will be my new go-to sandwich place for sure!
Number#7 Mike's way no onions  :-) Staff is very friendly and professional. I am a regular here and they are way better than subway or Port of subs
I'm generally not a fan of most chain sandwich stores because I feel like I can make it a thousand times better and healthier at home; but sometimes convenience takes priority and then you will see me at Jersey Mike's.  

JM make juicy, flavorful sandwiches and they are close to where I live, which adds another convenience point to the list.  They also have wraps, plus you can order the sandwich as a salad. Staff is friendly and fast.  The place is small but always clean.
Great service- they never disappoint! All their ingredients are fresh!  Excellent quality meats and toppings. We only have a half hour lunch and usually call the order in for pick up- always ready for us! Definitely recommend!
Love love love Jersey Mikes! This place seriously blows Subway out of the water. Although Subway has more choices, this place has fresher food. They slice the meat and cheese right in front of you!
Friendly staff, clean restaurant, and quick service! If you are looking for a good affordable sandwich shop this is the place!
One thing that really irritates me is franchise locations that do not honor corporate coupons.  If this place did not have such high prices I might not mind, but its like $10 for a large sandwich.  Yikes.  I might as well eat at a sit down restaurant at these prices.  If you don't want to honor coupons then leave the chain.  The food's not bad, but nothing special.
Two of us went for lunch. I ordered a steak sandwich. My buddy who cant make up waited like 5 minutes to order and then ordered a sandwich. They made his sandwich and he paid. I was still waiting. I asked whats the holdup and it turned out they never made it. I watched the one guy put my stuff on the grill and the other guy scooped it up and and put it in the fridge. I will not be going back.
I love this place. The subs are always super FRESH and the service is always AMAZING. We frequent this place a couple times a month. I have only been to this location but the folks working are typically always the same group of folks. The older gentleman who is often serving us is very friendly and kind. If anything goes wrong they are quick to correct it and they give service with a smile.

Come here hungry though because even the "Mini" size is HUGE. I recommend signing up with their value card because it gives you great coupons and free subs.
The staff is very attentive,  and welcoming.  The sandwiches are always so yummy. I always get tuna, and it always tastes fresh.
It is really good went there with my mother in law. Staff was so nice and the food was delicious I definitely will be back and bringing more people.
My husband and I passed this place on the way home from the other side of town and decided to give it a try. We just called in our order for pick up. The cute service was pretty friendly. The sandwiches were pretty good. We ordered regular sizes and they were pretty large, which is nice. There was nothing bad about the experience, but it also wasn't the best sandwich ever. I still prefer Jimmy John's. But this place was pretty good.
There is a $6.99 lunch special from 11-3 weekdays that gets you a regular sub and a drink. Not bad since most of the regular priced sandwiches are about $7 anyway. The inside is clean and it's being run by a father-son team. Father was wiping down tables and making sure customers were good the son was slicing meat and cranking out sandwiches. I like the original italian and get it pretty much every time. The sandwich has a good amount of different meats and just tastes good. This place is way better than Subway any day. I get it "mike's way" with the addition of mayo. Get a shore points reward card and start earning free food with every purchase.
This Jersey Mike's in located in kind of a cramped shopping center. I've stopped by this location a couple times now and and am glad to have a decent place to grab a sandwich for lunch when in the area. The employees inside are nice. I don't always remember my Shore Points Card, which accumulates points with each of my purchases towards free food, so it's nice that I can just give my phone number and they can look it up easy that way. I don't know if this is the only location that does it because I haven't seen it at other locations, but currently they offer a daily lunch special from 11 am to 3 pm that costs $6.99 and gets you any regular sub and drink. 

I like the "Original Italian" and "Club Sub" the best. Mike's way of course! The Italian has 6 different meats. I'd rather pay a couple dollars more to eat subs here rather than Port of Subs or Subway because the meats, breads and cheeses just taste better. They also had some "Chocolate Chip Cookies" which I never knew they had, so I got some and they are good!

You can place your order over the phone or online (you have the option to enter your shore rewards points online) for convenient pick-up.
Always choose this place for sandwiches. Always have great service, clean & has my favorite chips variety. It changes all the time, but they carry some great brands. I even wanted my sandwich hot ( the employee overheard me talking) they made it hot even though it's not the norm. I appreciated that. I never, EVER go to Subway...JM is my choice on my day off, close to home.
Delights Cafe just started serving breakfast the week we arrived for our stay at The Signature.  They offer a selection of baked goods, sandwiches, salads, and gelato/ice cream, along with drinks and other snack items.  We were highly impressed with the quality of their food.  During our stay we ordered lox on flatbread, brioche french toast ham-and-swiss panini, and the forest mushroom quiche -- all delicious and all prepared fresh.  We also had yogurt and fruit parfaits every morning.  Since you do have to wait while they prepare your meals, you can just relax outside on the patio that faces toward The Signature's private pool area on a nice day or inside the pleasant cafe itself.

You'll find Delights Cafe in Tower 2.  It's a good value for the non-dinnertime Vegas-splurge, and very convenient while staying at The Signature.
In case you want to avoid walking for 10 minutes for food in the Strip, this is a great place to go. Luckily, my room was in Tower 2 so all I had to do was go down and it'd be right there off of the elevators. Their breakfast was delicious; I had the ordinary eggs, bacon, and potatoes breakfast. The food was served beautifully, and it tasted even better. The best part was the bacon...cooked just right and had a very different taste from other bacon I've had before. It was just a little pricey, but then again, it's located in the Signature.

 The service was a little lacking though. It looked somewhat busy, but we had to wait a while to get our check, and even that took a little effort on our part. Besides that, the service was on par for this type of restaurant.
If your staying in or near tower 2 at The Signature at MGM Grand Delights is a convenient place for some good food. I was immediately impressed by the customer service, very polite and friendly. The food was delivered promptly and it was good. I had the eggs breakfast. Yum! Very close to the pool and a couch outside where you can lounge and chat. It was $20 for a good breakfast...maybe a lil spendy but overall I'd go again.
Located right outside the elevator of Tower 2 in The Signature (at MGM), the main draw of this place is fast, quality food. The sign right outside of the door drew us in--a truffle cheeseburger sounded delicious. At $17, we thought it would be well worth it.

Here, you order your food Corner Bakery style. Then they give you a number and you wait for them to bring your food. Well, we started off with the cheese tortellini salad. It tasted decent, but was expecting more flavor from it. At the same time, we ordered the truffle cheeseburger, a ham and brie panini and the soup of the day which happened to be mushroom soup.

A long stretch of time passes by, about 30-35 minutes. Luckily, we had the salad to hold us over. To our surprise, our lunches came out first. We weren't particularly impressed with the sandwich as there was too much ham, and slightly a little brie. It tasted ordinary if you ask me. I then got the burger. The fries looked great--I think they were sprinkled with a little parmesan. Anyhow, after I took my first bite, the table noticed that my medium burger was anything but that. It was generally all pink inside and very unsuitable to eat. In retrospect, looking at the photo I took (see photos), you can see part of the bun is bloody!

We asked a server to come by to take a look and she seemed unfamiliar with how it should appear. We also took this time to ask our soup that never arrived. The waitress comes back and takes our semi eaten burger back to the restaurant. At this point, I am thinking, something MUST be comped.

As we are sitting there, a burger was served to another fellow who arrived way after we had. At last my burger comes, and its only decent. There is only a hint of truffle flavor in the burger (it was all in the mayo) but aside from this uniqueness, the rest of the burger was just your standard fare, nothing special about it. After these were all eaten up, our soup came out and we didn't get to truly appreciate it.

The bottomline... the hotel itself is very nice, too bad that it didn't expand into the doors of the hotel's deli. If you are going to serve me raw meat, I am going to expect something more than just a hello.
kinda pricey for a sandwich, but it is convenient if you are staying in the signature mgm.  everything in the hotel closes at 5, other than the lounge, even starbucks!  

i got a veggie panini here, and it was pretty good, altho it was $10.50 for a sandwich.  i guess it is vegas, so what did i expect.
Not bad. While the wifey and I only tried breakfast, the rest of the menu looked interesting (like Salmon pizza). It was fairly decent, I feasted on the Eggs Any Style breakfast and the misses ordered the smoked salmon bagel sandwich. The smoked salmon was a hit and the Eggs any style was just as you would expect. The eggs any style comes with homestyle potatoes (good stuff!), meat and toast...pretty fulfilling. Prices are high, but you should expect it for the convenience and city location.

Update: 1/24/11

I recently revisited this deli and I'll keep it at three stars.  They took the Salmon Bagel sandwich off the menu, but now offer it in a DIY boxed version which is still good! My kids had the french toast which I sampled and it was awesome! It came with white chocolate additions and a really good whip cream topping! This french toast is a must have!!!!
Good breakfast food, but the drinks are completely overpriced.
It's Vegas- I already expected to spend $15 on a sandwich, so the price wasn't an issue. Yeah, it's expensive, but again... Vegas. I actually went out of my way to come back to the deli because my panini was really good the first time. This time, I split one sandwich with my husband and it was pretty filling. (The first time I tried to eat one by myself and failed halfway through). I don't know- it's a pretty simple sandwich (pesto, roasted tomatoes, squash, and mozarella cheese), but very very delicious.
As delicious as it looked. Would have submitted a photo but we ate it all too fast. Breakfast simply taken to the next level! This could compete with any of the big name chefs on the strip.
I am so glad this deli was in our tower, or else my husband and I would have missed out on YUMMY eats!

We had breakfast here and it was one of the best breakfasts we've ever had.  A little pricey for the amount of food you get, but the quality of food is SO good, it's worth it!  Their hash browns are awesome!  The presentation of the plate is pretty too.  We wanted something sweet after breakfast, so we got red velvet cupcakes (I'm so glad I found cupcakes at 7AM!)  Hands down, one of the BEST red velvet cupcakes I've ever had, and trust me, I have had many since I love cupcakes so much.  I loved it so much, I bought another one before they closed at 5pm later in the day, so I can it for dessert late night :)  If me and my husband stayed for more than two days, I would have eaten at least one of these cupcakes every day.  

Next time we come here, we will try different breakfast dishes and definitely lunch.
The Signature Towers are in my Vegas hood, so I was happy to see the Deli downstairs by the pool.  We both have asthma, and love the smoke free Signatures for their clean air, and lack of gaming racket.  
The Deli serves up firefighter sized hearty breakfast fare, as well as sandwiches and snacks.
They would have four stars if they still served their salmon pizza, but the last time I was there, they had started serving the lox on the traditional bagel, and it was a decent breakfast feast.
The deli mostly serves Signature clients, but can be accessed by the long tunnel connecting them to the MGM casino.
Really excellent food and so convenient since it was in tower we stayed in. I had the chicken caesar salad wrap, my sister had the breakfast BLT, and our friends had the cinnamon and white chocolate french toast and other breakfast items. The home fries that came with the breakfasts were sooo good, very crunchy and nicely flavored with seasoned salt. The food is somewhat pricey, but I guess most things are in Vegas =)
This place is excellent for breakfast! The food is good at a decent price.  I've been here a few times and tried the Breakfast BLT ($12), Eggs + Meat (Scrambled & Sausage - $14), and the Baked Raspberry Lemon Pancakes ($10) for breakfast. 

For lunch I've tried the Tuscan Chicken Panini ($13) and the Tuna Melt ($11). The Tuscan Chicken Panini was good, but I prefer the Tuna Melt over it. The food is perfect if you're on the go. Each time I've eaten here I only had to wait about 5-10 minutes to get my food. Pretty quick!
Very convenient when staying at the Signature, especially when you do not want to take the journey to any of the eateries the hotel has to offer. Fairly priced for Vegas standards and the overall quality was there. Stopped for a brunch and felt satisfied with the veggie omelet, white chocolate French toast and tuna melt sandwich.
***Delights' breakfast BLT was nothing exceptional and it was also not gourmet despite the gourmet price, but it was a satisfying enough quick breakfast at The Signature in the MGM Grand***

Delights Gourmet Delicatessen is a little quick order sandwich spot in The Signature area of the MGM Grand.  Because of its location in The Signature, Delights feels a little tucked away and not your typical Vegas spot--not overwhelmingly busy, very far from the smoke and spacious.  They feature breakfast and sandwiches as well as a few lighter options like parfaits and fresh fruit.

I had the breakfast BLT, which consisted of a fried egg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo on sourdough toast.  Their breakfast BLT did not compare with breakfast BLT or BLT-esque sandwiches at Nickel Diner (great sauce, great bread, leafy arugula) or Huckleberry (very good runny egg, thick and meaty bacon), but Delights' breakfast BLT was still satisfying.

All of the ingredients were good.  The sandwich had a good flavor.  The bacon was not the best quality, but it was crispy and flavorful.  The lettuce was crisp and the mayo provided a creaminess to the sandwich.  The sourdough toast was a little thin, but it was still decent.  Overall, it was a pleasant though not exceptional breakfast sandwich.

The sandwich came with a side of fruit, which was just okay.

Service was quick.  Prices were high.  The sandwich was $12.  I would expect to pay that much (and maybe even a little less) for a gourmet sandwich and Delights' version was definitely not up to the standards of what they serve at Huckleberry (which is actually less than $10).  Still, it is Vegas and food tends to be overpriced; for Vegas, the price was not too unreasonable considering the portion size.

Delights is an okay spot.  While overpriced, it is still nice to have a decent enough breakfast in Las Vegas for under $15.  While Delights is probably not a place where I would make a return visit, I would consider coming here again if I was in a hurry, in the area and in need of a quick bite.

MGM Grand offers both parking via valet and self-parking.  The Signature offers valet parking as well.
Ate here twice in three days.

First time was good.  Egg breakfast and OJ.

Second time was marginal.  Arrived just before close and ordered the breakfast burrito.  Took way too long and they didn't have all the correct ingredients.  

Why you may ask did they get four stars?  They apologized several times and gave me free food to make up for the order and delay.  i was impressed with their willingness to make me happy.  Bravo!

Price is a little high, but it always is when you eat in Vegas, in the hotel.
It's a quite little place tucked away in tower 2 of the Signature at MGM. 

I'm giving it 4 stars because it's better than waiting in line FOREVER at some of the other options, they have a nice beer and wine selection, the Caesar salads are delicious and the wait staff are very nice. 

They could do with having another person on the register when they're busy but that's the only downside. 

I ordered a large diet coke and the one that came was so tiny - like kids size - that I was all "Argh, I'll need to get another one of those" and she was lovely, got me another one and said "We'll call that your refill". That alone made me go back for 4 days to get lunch
This place is yummy & convenient, so for me to give it anything less than a 4 star review would be crazy. The wait time can be long, but kill time talking amongst your friends about the previous nights and the wild times you all had ;).

*Get the cinammon white chocolate french toast, it's heavenly!
*Fresh squeezed juice, beers on tap or in bottles
*The French Quarter egg sandwich - andouille sausage included?! YUM!
*Freshly made parfaits with the some of the best granola I've had
*Chocolate or regular croissants
*Standard coffee.

The prices are a bit steep, but it's Vegas and at a hotel so I expect that. Don't know if I'll be staying at the MGM signature again, but if I do... I'll know where to come get some yummy grub... thats literally just right down stairs.
Sadly when the new management company took over the MGM Signature, they also took over the cafe.  All of the food there is still pretty good, but the menu is completely changed.  Feels more like they cater more to adult tastes but the prices are still reasonable.

Instead of the gelato, they have a beer on tap.  And while that's not bad, this is Vegas.  I can literally walk  30 feet and get a beer or any other alcoholic drink but I cannot get gelato.  

A short walk down there's even a full bar, so I don't see the point in getting rid of the gelato.
The place is ok... Einstein Bro has better food if you ask me. The bad: took 20 min to get three sandwiches. Nobody was here besides two tables that were already sat.
I only had the four cheese pizza here and it was excellent.  The thin pizza was very cheesy and had a great taste.  The crust could have been better, but overall I'm impressed.
I came in for breakfast on my last morning in Vegas, and from what I had remembered, I really liked this restaurant...I was wrong!!

They were out of fresh fruit completely, so no smoothies. Then I asked her how their baked pancake dish was (which was supposed to be made with lemons and raspberries)...and the lady at the register said it was "VERY good!" I went with her word as there weren't too many veggie dishes on the menu. It looked beautiful, but it was AWFUL! Somehow it was dry and undercooked...and the raspberries were literally sour. Which I should have known, seeing as how she said they were out of FRESH fruit. Ugh. 

Also, upon asking for water with my breakfast she charged me 4 dollars and brought out a tiny little Fuji bottle. Forget this place...there's much better in Vegas!
Stayed at the Signature this past weekend so we went to Delights for a post night of drinking meal, and it was good. 

I got the Las Vegas Blvd sandwich ( I think that's the one I got) it was a sandwich with Skirt steak, fried egg, caramelized onions, and a sauce. It was so good, my only real complaint is the proportions are kind of small and it's a bit pricey. 

I paid $12 for a sandwich but it was a really good sandwich so no real complaints.
Swung into this small little spot as we walked back into our hotel. We were craving something sweet! And thank goodness they were still open. :)

Got ourselves one lemon tart and one apple crumble tart. They were "Vegas-priced", but we didn't mind.

Broke into these babies back at our hotel suite. Both were amazeballs! But I liked the fresh tartness of the lemon tart way more than the apple one. 

They serve breakfast and lunch items here and it seemed like some of the folks that were dining there were definitely enjoying their meals.

Great spot to grab something quick if you're staying at The Signature.
They probably have one of the best sandwiches I've ever had... in life. 

I love how convenient this place is. I stayed in Tower 2 and whenever I had a craving for some real food and not want to wait in line for a buffet or stuff my face with junk food, I'd just come downstairs. 

PROS:
- BOURBON ST. sandwich. Hands down best sammich I've ever had. 
- MARKET ST. sandwich. Very close second. 
- Huge portions.
- Choice of fruit cup or potato salad with sandwich. 

CONS: 
- It takes FOREVER to get your food. Sometimes 20mins. 
- Those sandwiches are $12. Most expensive sandwich I've ever had. 
- Breakfast is not their forte. I ordered the southwest scramble for breakfast  I paid $15 for plain wheat toast, scrambled eggs, a dollop of sour cream and a fruit salad. 

If I come back. I am definitely ONLY coming back for the Bourbon or the Market. Everything else is irrelevant.
You go in and it looks great.  The pastries look like real french pastries.  The food is well arranged.  The menu is compelling. 

Give the the spicy sausage sandwich with roasted peppers-I ask. 

Whoops-tasted like a cheap hot dog-not spicy at all-with some canned peppers.  Not good.  

Coffee was great, though.
This place is really a hidden gem of the restaurants in Las Vegas. The only reason I even knew about this place was because I won a free reward on MyVegas, so I went with my friends. It is tucked away behind the MGM Grand in the Signature. It's a pretty small, bistro type setup with a variety of gourmet breakfast foods and a small lunch menu. Me and my friends went here twice for breakfast and it was excellent. I got the Las Vegas Boulevard, which is basically a steak, egg and cheese sandwich, but it was simply divine, and certainly the best breakfast I had in Vegas, and one of my favorite breakfasts of all time. It came with a little bowl of fruit, and everything tasted really fresh and really clean and comfortable. The severs were excellent, and I really felt like I was at a place for only a select people to eat at. I highly recommend trying this place, and you'll be hooked. The only real con to this place is it is a bit far away from everything else, but well worth the travel.
The Las Vegas Blvd sandwich fried egg seared skirt steak smoked gouda carmelized onion mesquite mayo onion and artisan baked bread was LITERALLY the best sandwich I ever had. Grabbed it right before we got into the car to leave home to LA and I was in HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!! SOOOOO GOOD! The bread has BACON baked into it. BACON!
Deli shop located in the Signature. This was a perfect breakfast option when I was too lazy to go out for breakfast. They make a really good white chocolate french toast and their breakfast wraps are pretty legit as well. Lunch experience was great too.

Signature guests will definitely appreciate the convenience of this place and the food quality is decent. It's a little more expensive than I would have liked, but what isn't expensive in Vegas?
One thing you should order, if you're not concerned about calorie or ripped enough to take your shirt off at the pool, order the cinnamon roll. Relatively inexpensive compared to restaurants within the hotel and the only breakfast place at the Signature. 

Alcohol and scrambled eggs don't mix so I got the oat meal. Decent. I don't think that anyone can screw up an oat meal. I ordered pizza one night and it's huge - good for two to three people. It ended up in my room for five days. 

But the winner really is the cinnamon roll. It swims in sweet sauce enough to make you diabetic.
My husband and I was walking around MGM and Signature looking for something besides Starbucks and we stumbled upon this place, The skillet breakfast with toast and fruit and a cup of coffee was just what we needed and very filling.
Delights is a cute bright nook in the Signature where I headed for breakfast one morning. They have reliable service and great coffee. For food, I tried the Lemon + Raspberry baked pancakes. The concept was great, but it lacked a little in execution. They serve it with traditional maple syrup, which is a little strange. I think a raspberry syrup or a dollup of lemon curd on top would add some bold flavor and moisture it is currently lacking. The fresh raspberries on top were great...and actually the best part of the dish. 

The guests I was with had the Melrose Avenue wrap, which has egg whites, avocado, tomatoes, mushrooms and turkey bacon in a wheat wrap, and they loved it so much they went back for another the next day! I don't think Delights is a place you go out of your way to visit when in Vegas, but if you're staying at the Signature, it's fast, convenient and full of decent grub.
Stopped in for breakfast, and ordered pizzas for lunch to go.  Food was great.  They have a wide variety of options and as a vegetarian I had many choices.  Portions are somewhat small for the price, but it is Vegas so that is to be expected.  Would eat here again!
Avoid!  Bite the bullet and walk over to MGM where you can find food that is (a) not crazy expensive and (b) not totally disgusting.

I had the cheese pizza, and a diet Coke.  Grand total?  Around $18.  $4 for a tiny diet Coke, no refills.  The pizza would be big enough for two people...if those two people weren't hungry.

The pizza itself was disgusting.  It had WAY too much cheese.  And, I know, you're going to say "impossible!  I love pizza with too much cheese."  No.  Seriously.  I scraped off a bunch of the cheese, and brought it back to the room, and even then people who swore there was no such thing as too much cheese were disgusted by this pizza.

The rest of the bachelorette party group wanted to go there later on, and I insisted we should not go there.  It is a totally gross rip-off (and this is even by everything-is-a-rip-off-in-Vegas standards).
Love this little spot! Is it bc I'm extremely lazy and don't want to wander over to the MGM for eats? Nope (well...) This place earns the name 'gourmet deli'. While the menu is tight, the sandwich combos are well thought out. The prices? Not great. Am I against $10 egg sammies? Sure. But when it's the Melrose Avenue (scrambled egg whites, sliced avocado, fire-roasted diced tomatoes, mushrooms & turkey bacon in a whole wheat wrap), you can look past the inflated price tag. Also, an $8 chili better be the best chili ever...and it kinda was. Not your average heavy, oiled up sloppy joe in a bowl, this was more of a Manhattan clam, meets minestrone, meets vegetarian chili and it was damn good. The Chinese chicken salad was decent, but probably a skip the next time around. 

My suggestion? Come here (if you're in the area) for HH, where the pizzas are half price and the brews are $2.50. Staying at the Signature? Don't hesitate to have a few meals here when you're in a rush. Nothing on the menu is over $12.
Prior to embarking upon our liquor filled bachelorette shenanigans, I needed to fuel up on some grub ASAP. Located in Tower 2 of The Signature, this place was a hop, skip, and jump away from the elevators that lead up to our room. As I entered, I noticed their broad range of food selection available. From pasta to sandwiches, and even breakfast, Delights has something for everyone. 
Since it was around lunch time, I opted for a sandwich. The Bourbon Street sandwich definitely caught my eye. The sandwich was composed of blackened chicken breast, havarti cheese, lettuce, tomato, cajun mayo on caramelized onion and bacon bread. The meal came with delicious red potato salad and a huge dill pickle. Overall, this sandwich was epically delicious and definitely got me prepared for a day's worth of drinking.
LOVED this place! It was on the first floor of our tower and we were regulars during our stay. The breakfast sandwiches were the perfect pick me up after our long night out. It is a great bang for your buck too which is hard to find in Vegas.
Only ate here because we had food/beverage credit from our stay at the Signature hotel. My burger was under seasoned and cold.  You could tell it was a frozen patty. The potatoes in the salad were under cooked.  If I would have paid, I would have been angry.
My gf was raving about how healthy and refreshing it was ,so we decided to give this place a go! 

I ordered the vege delight instead of the vegetarian chile even though it was highly rated. i wanted to get both but felt it might be too heavy for brunch and a tad expensive just for brunch? -$14 without the chile ($24 with) 
$4 for fresh Oj and all this was with a %10 discount from being an owner at the mgm signature. 

the dish came out fairly fast minus my gf's vegas dish. We all liked our dish enough but my vege plate had a strong onion after taste, thus i had to drown myself in oj just to wash out that taste...hence a lost of a star.
Try the smoothies, they are freshly made and delicious! Also for Breakfast, order the Melrose Ave wrap with scrambled egg whites, turkey bacon and whole wheat tortilla... Add the Gouda cheese to this delightful meal!
Sadly, we frequented this place twice during our trip due to convenience. This cafe is located on the first floor of the hotel in the lobby of Tower 2 of The Signature at MGM. 

I had the flu and the bf picked up soup for me. They had daily soup specials and the soup of the day was minestrone.

For $5, it was ok... It was the only substantive meal I had the entire stay, unfortunately. 

Again, this was out of convenience otherwise we would have had to walk a distance to MGM or drive somewhere for food.
Decided to use up a free comp offer at Delights and was actually impressed with the Las Vegas Blvd breakfast sandwich.. very tasty and good quality!  The staff at Delights were very nice and relaxed.. the atmosphere was quiet in the morning and crazy as it sounds yes you can buy beer here at any time.. nothing like a New Castle Brown Ale and Las Vegas Blvd breakfast sandwich to start the day off at 830 am lol.. but hey it's Vegas!
My friend found out about a sandwich that wasn't on their menu call "Las Vegas Blvd" it was GREAT! Strip steak, grilled onions, gouda cheese a special sauce with a fried egg on a onion and bacon sourdough bread...need I say more!? We also got the Bianco Pizza, bacon, caramelized onions, smoked gouda & provolone cheese with garlic cream sauce topped with balsamic mixed greens. That's also a big hit!
Takes forever even when place is empty. Good food and drinks but painfully slow. We were refunded our money because we almost missed our tour bus waiting for a breakfast sandwich. If you have time to kill, check it out!
I was not a guest at this property, but I saw this place on yelp. Since it was very close I decided to give it a try. Convenient for guests, but you have to ask the guards to open the security gate to let you in if you're not a guest. Not a huge deterrent, if the breakfast had been worth it. It was pricey for just mediocre food. I had the scrambled skillet. If I wasn't trying to eat healthy, I would have tried the chocolate french toast or lemon raspberry pancakes. Maybe those would have been better.
If you're a local, or even a tourist staying on the strip, I wouldn't say you should go out of your way to visit Delights. But if you happen to be at the MGM Signature... well, this is pretty much your only choice. Luckily, it's pretty good! I had their vegetarian egg white scramble in a cast iron skillet and I was pleasantly surprised by how many fresh veggies were on it, and a huge portion of delicious avocado. It was by far the healthiest thing I ate the whole time I was in Vegas. It came with a side of pretty fresh fruit salad and toast. If you order without toast, they'll give you two servings of fruit. 

They also have things you can pick up and go, like bottles of wine and snacks. Be warned: the prices are pretty outrageous. I think a small bottle of San Pelligrino was 4 or 5 bucks. The SMALL one! But this is Vegas, and what do you expect? If you want a bargain go to Costco beforehand and hoard it in your room!
A quaint little bistro in Tower 2 of the MGM Signature Hotel. They were very accommodating for my special vegetarian orders. The food was good. We got it "to go" both times. The staff is friendly and efficient. There are lots of tables inside and right outside the door are tables outside where you can eat as well. In the morning and afternoon it was quite busy, but they moved everything along. Solid choice to grab a meal inside the hotel.
Potato Valley Cafe is a lunch spot near downtown, specializing in, not surprisingly, baked potatoes. This place gets mad props for being one of the few black-owned business in the area (the only I know of in my limited knowledge), giving a discount to federal employees, and shelling out some tasty taters filled with copious and interesting combinations of ingredients. I think the veggie combo has around 3 or 4 trillion ingredients in it, including mango (an odd choice, but it works). It sorta works out to be a potato's take on a taco salad, w/ the potato acting as the taco shell. When you've scooped out the fixings in the middle, you can pick up the salted potato skin and enjoy its crispy goodness as a hand-held treat.

Normally I'd give a place like this 3 stars, but I feel compelled to give it 4, if only for picking a simple, yet workable idea and just running with it. The food is good, and that's it -- not great, just good.  But good enough to come back, and better than most of the greasy spoons polluting the area. So this is a 4-star lunch spot, in its class.
Just ate here again about the 10th time. The man taking your order is always somewhat gruff, the lunch crowd is packed, the portion is huge, the concept is unique, the dining room is industrial minimal. Forget the sandwiches, stick with the potatoes, check your diet at the door. 

A few words about the potato: Huge, Crunchy skin worth getting messy for,  toppings numerous. Average cost of lunch here including beverage about $10.
Have been going here for a couple of years.  Really love their Vegetarian Combo potato which includes garlic butter, cheddar cheese, a ton of veggies--Artichoke Mix (artichokes, mild green chiles, low fat cottage cheese) and South of the Valley mix (beans, corn, lime, mango, peppers) with lettuce, tomato, cucumber, a mango slice, and yummie fried danish onions on top.  I order it without the seasoning salt (which may have MSG) -- just order it with NO SPICE.  The Vegetarian Salad Plate has about everything from the Veggie Combo Potato minus the cheese -- and it's a big meal too.  They have a spinach-feta-garlic butter potato and a veggie sandwich as well as several meat options.  Be aware of their limited hours, currently 10-4 M-F only.  I know who the other reviewer is talking about but haven't seen him working there lately--and  I've found everyone else there uber-friendly and they get to know you if you're a regular.  Parking is at meters or walk down to 6th and park for free.
Love it! The staff is friendly! The place is clean.  The food is really good.  It's a great place for lunch, especially if you're already downtown.  I hate going at noon because it's too crowded.  They have some kind of smoked gouda soup? It's really good. Parking sucks- I usually walk from work.
As much as I love this place, I think it went out of business. I have tried to go 3 times in the past month and they have been closed every time. I am not for sure, but I think they have closed their doors for good :-( Why do we always lose the best places in Las Vegas?
*** UPDATE: HAVEN'T BEEN BY RECENTLY BUT SOUNDS LIKE THEY HAVE CLOSED - BUMMER! ***

This is a great little lunch spot ... especially when you're in the mood for something a little different.

Sure, they offer sandwiches and salads - but you come here for the potatoes.  You can choose from a variety of fillings/toppings (including plenty of vegetarian options).

It's nothing fancy (minimal decor and no table service) but you get your food fast.  In a perfect world they would be open on weekends, and prices would be a bit cheaper - but I really can't complain, this place is great.
Yummy.  The bagels are ALWAYS fresh and soft.  There is a huge variety (the "everything" bagel is the best) and the prices are moderate.  You get a baker's dozen, and they will offer to toast and/or pre-slice them for you!  SWEET!
At my house, they never make it past the first day.  But I've managed to hide a bagel and it stayed fresh and soft for at least a day and a half.
My only complaint, if you could call it that, is that because they are soooo soft, they get smushed in the bag.  OY.  To complain is human.

BONUS: The servers are friendly and its right next to a Starbucks!!!
Such fresh bagels! I love the smears! A must for us when we arrive in Vegas early...we start our Vegas Vacation here with the best breakfast, a hot bagel and smear!!!!
I must preface this review with a note:  I am a bagel snob.  I used to work in a bagel shop, and as such, am HIGHLY critical of them.  (I'm actually on a personal, somewhat half-crazed, crusade to educate all who will listen that the national chain Noah's Bagels needs to be sued for false advertising since they don't have ANY bagels, only bagel-shaped bread.)

With that said, this place is just like Noah's, in that it's a chain with that super sleek, clean and impersonal feel.  If I lived nearby, it would seriously deter me from becoming a regular.  It's not bad, but it's too inorganic with too few crotchety old guys hanging out front bitching about how much better things used to be.

However, they make up for it with the fact that they aren't Noah's, and they actually sell pretty good bagels.  Not great bagels, but pretty darn good.

I stopped here a few times while in town a few weeks ago.  I liked some of the varieties of flavors, and they've got some pretty good spreads.  The lox and cream cheese didn't need the capers since the lox is already plenty salty enough.

Oh yeah... the staff was very good.  Very friendly, very personable.  I was impressed.

So, the next time I'm in town, I'll surely go again, not for a great love of this place, but because they have good enough bagels, and I am thoroughly addicted to bagels in general.
In general, I like Einstein Bros Bagels. Not the best food in the world, certainly not the worst. This location has been a quick breakfast stop for the wife and I since we moved to this part of town. I haven't had any problems with the quality of food at this location, but literally every time I go into this store, the same people are working, and they are always grumpy. It doesn't matter if its busy or slow, they are grumpy and running around like they have their heads cut off. 
Like I said, I've not had a problem with the food, but the service isn't up to snuff because of the attitudes of the staff. I can't say I won't come back, because I know I will, some days start better with a Spicy Elmo and a cup of their Fair Trade coffee...but if I can find another quick breakfast spot in the area, I will be a happy man.
My coworker raved about this place so we headed over here for a quick lunch.  It took forever to get our food and when we got back to the office with it, almost everyone's order was wrong.  I ordered a turkey sandwich on an asiago bagel - it was alright.  The bagel was super greasy and the sandwich wasn't anything to write home about.  The potato salad was the highlight of the meal and even then, I wasn't impressed.  Yes - lunch was cheap but you get what you pay for!
I love Einstein's Bros, but this location was awful! 

I've never had a problem with my bagel to cream cheese ratio, but my bagel was not even covered with a thin layer. I went to ask for more and the cranky girl behind the counter said I would have to pay extra... 
Plus, there were hardly any bagels left and it was only 10am!

I'm sticking to the Trop and Koval location from now on. It's worth the drive. The workers actually crack a smile
Best bagels I ever had
While their coffee is fantastic and their bagels are good, the service could use improvement.  I've been a regular at this Einstein location for a year and a half now, since I moved back to the Southwest side of town.  Never once do they remember my face, name, or order preferences.  They're not even friendly.  They might as well greet customers with a, "Neeext!"  Furthermore, they are painfully slow at getting the orders through, but this was the price I was willing to pay for good coffee and bagels for a long time.  Lately I've been venturing out to try some of the independently owned coffee shops, such as Holley's Cuppa & Baguette Cafe, with wonderful experiences. 

If this happens to be on your way, I wouldn't discourage stopping, but certainly don't make a trek to seek this spot out.
I walked into this Einstein Bros. Bagels approached the counter to order and was completely ignored by all 4 employees. The employees scattered and argued about who would take my order, none of them did, and several others continued cleaning in the back. I waited approximately 15 minutes and decided to walk out prior to ordering. Bad, bad, bad, customer service. Not to mention over priced product and based on the menu board a limited selection. I wouldn't waste time on this location.
Its good. i love their Spinach florentine bagel with the garlic herb smear. And thei chai tea latte hot/cold is yummy! :)
I come here at least once a week and its always good... I had a questionable experience here once and they fixed the problem immediately. I had a Turkey Tornado Wrap (no longer on menu) and it was Nothing like the photo and had barely any Turkey (I mean barely)... It was right at closing (2:45pm-ish) and I was with friends who saw my wrap and said "that looks nothing like the photo"... I was upset, so I took a photo of it and sent it (and a photo of the receipt)to the Online suggestion box of Einsteins Corporate. Within hours I had a response and they sent me a coupon for another one. I didn't do it to get a free sandwich, but then the same day the branch manager sent me an email inviting me back in to have a free lunch... That was nice. I came back in a week later and took him up on his offer. That is why I keep coming back... The detailed follow up of Service... And the food is good..! Good job.!
It's no surprise that the bagels and shmears are wonderful. This location is the closest to my parents' house and my mom loves Einstein Bros. bagels, so this is where we visit. The interior is very nice and cozy. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I love the selection of bagel flavors (Everything, Potato, Asiago Cheese, and Sesame Seed are some of my favorites) and the reduced-fat whipped shmears are so, so good (Sun-Dried Tomato Basil, Garlic & Herb, Onion & Chive are my go-to flavors, but they're really all delicious except the Smoked Salmon). During the fall, they have delicious offerings like Pumpkin Walnut Gourmet Bagel and Pumpkin Shmear (YUM!), adding to the fun. Get the baker's dozen box, which comes with two shmears, and freeze some for later. Also, don't forget to ask for a stamp card and have them slice your bagels!
This place usually is awesome and their service is usually great, but today it was totally off. 

The girl at the register took 10 minutes to get to us because she had made a mistake. 

The second time we came back to get a coffee the girl who took our order did not hear the first 4 times we told her our order. Then when we paid the same girl at the cash register had another problem with another customer so again we waited while she fixed her mistake. 

Once we received our coffee we let the cashier know that it was supposed to have extra ice and she
Samantha and James were absolutely amazing and had the best customers service. Especially for being the fist customers of the day early in the morning. James was more than excited to be the baker and that made the bagels taste better, made with love. As well as Samantha was on point a wonderful cashier. Only let down was they had no tip jar. Wish they did, the deserve it!!!!! Thank you to Samantha and James for being so nice last time we were there the red headed cashier she was pretty cool too. Will def has this as our regular bagel shop from now on.
I like this location. It is right near CVS and Sprouts which I like to go to, so I have been here twice. Both times I had a great experience. 

Staff: They are very friendly here. I have been here twice and they are quick to greet you.

Service: This is a self-service place, so you kind of serve yourself. Both times I have been here though, they have brought my food to me rather than calling my name. Nice staff! 

Food: Really good. Its a chain, so its consistent with the other brands.The coffee and iced tea seemed fresh here.
I periodically stop at Einstein Brothers to buy bagels.  I really like salt bagels but they don't make these.  They just have pretzel bagels with some salt on them.  I stopped to get 1/2 dozen bagels so I could have something different for breakfast.

The bagels are good, but I think they're more expensive that some other places.  Service here was prompt and friendly.
Okay what is so hard about getting the order right for one bagel. I asked toasted nope didn't do it. I asked for salmon cream cheese nope placed something else. Asked for lox got two shitty dried out pieces.  
Just hard to get a good bagel unless you make it yourself or go to the Bagel Cafe.
Loved this location the first time we visited and haven't been disappointed yet. The food is fresh and tastes good each visit. I prefer the strawberry salad here to a competitor.  Einstein's salad has greens in it not the white bitter part of the lettuce which most people throw out. I adore the dressing as well! The sandwich options are good too. Darin usually gets the Turkey bacon avocado!  It's a rare restaurant where everyone in our little family is happy to eat at each time!
Arizona's technology sector is expanding yet again. With the presence of Motorola and Intel establishing the Valley's own Silicon Desert, the industry continues to aspire to be a preeminent center of innovation and design. Biotech has garnered much of the attention recently, but even now its perch has been threatened. Yes, in the midst of economic uncertainty, one new firm has no shortage of buzz.

Yes, the cutting edge is now a sandwich knife. Firehouse Subs has come to the state, and promises to revolutionize an American original: the hoagie, or submarine sandwich. Founders Chris and Robin Sorensen realized just like other foods, the method of cooking a sandwich should be just as important as the ingredients. And so, they decided to use a heretofor underutilized way in mass-prodctions sandwich shops: steam.

But if you worry that your glasses will fog up as you walk through the door, don't be. The seemingly endless row of hot sauces will likely cause more eye irration than the patented steamer devices used behind the counter. Bowing to their time the founders worked with their father as firefighters in Jacksonville, Florida, the decor is a mix of bright reds, whites, and blacks with a very clean and new feeling throughout. Employees are quick to shout, "Welcome to Firehouse" when anyone steps inside.

The menu hints at ambition but ultimately delivers something more staid. Creative names like "Hook and Ladder" and "Engine Company" conceal prosaic offerings like ham and turkey and turkey with roast beef. But as soon as you take a bite, you'll realize that the steaming does make a huge difference. And you'll also notice how fast you finish, given that their items are on the small side.

With all the focus on next-generation technology, the owners have yet to solve 20th century vintage problems. The first is the wait that is required to use the steamer. While it's not oppressive long, it does diminish the utilty of the sandwich shop concept a little bit. Contravening this is the staff's desire to be really nice to you, even if it's all very Stepford-wife as opposed to something family-owned. We can only hope none there has seen "Westworld".

Innovation, however, always costs money and you'll be keenly aware of this here. It's not that you have to shell out an unspeakable amount of money to dine at Firehouse. It's that you might feel for a simple sandwich, it's either too much (money) or not enough (food). But the restaurant's signature flavors still make it a destination, at least until the next big thing comes along.
I heard of this place from my buddies on Chandler PD as they go there often and told me to try it.  It's a cool theme in there, one I can relate to growing up in and around the firehouse with my dad.  Lots of firetrucks, hoses, and pictures around of firemen.  Lots of hotsauces when you walk in the door - that's nice.
Good subs and hoagies and affordably priced - I got a great hot sub for less than what I typically pay for at Subway.
And after going to their web site and learning that they have a Foundation where they give money and tools back to First Responders... I'm definitely returning and telling everybody I know about it.
And for the record, all the guys and kids working there were really nice.
"Welcome to Firehouse!"  (..as you walk in the door)

Subs were VERY good!  Very glad I ran across this place!  I've been back several times (unfortunately it's not very close to the house).  My car just seems to drive to Ray and the 101 around lunch time ... weird.
mmmmmm still very good.  Medium (8" sub) meatball sub... Cooked perfectly... Meatballs are MUCH higher quality than Subway or Quizno's!

They also have Coke products!! YAY Diet Crack erm... I mean Diet Coke!!
"Welcome to Firehouse!"

Yep, that's an actual quote that I hear nearly every time I walk in. It felt weird at first, but now I miss it when they're too busy to look up.

Pros-
-Subs are always made fresh and hot
-They come to you, instead of making you wait
-Love the pickle

Cons-
-Only two choices of bread
-Not cheap
-Freshness ain't instantaneous

Seeing as how my day job is just across the street. this is my #1 lunch destination.
I went to Firehouse for the first time this past weekend. The place was clean and I enjoyed the decor. 

The sandwiches were very good and fresh. The brisket and cheddar sandwich was really good. I also split the engine company sub with my fiancee and enjoyed the sandwich. The sandwiches were made within 5 minutes of the order.

I liked the crushed ice instead of the cube you typically get at most eating esablishments. 

I didn't find the food too expensive. The cost for 2 sandwich combos was $16-17.  About what you would pay at Dilly's.

I expect I will hear "Welcome to Firehouse" in the future.
We got take-out from this place for lunch today, and I was pleasantly surprised! I was expecting a Quiznos-esque experience (which isn't bad, but isn't overly exciting either), but Firehouse exceeded my expectations. 

I ordered the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket Sub, which is JUST as good as it sounds:beef brisket topped with melted cheddar cheese and sauces....mmmmm! I devoured the 8"...at the risk of sounding like a pig, I might get the 12" next time, just because it was SO tasty I seriously couldn't stop eating it. One of my coworkers who frequents Firehouse a fair amount claims that everything is good...so my only dilemma next time is choosing between the already-proven-to-be-great Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket Sub or something else that (apparently) will be equally as good...so many choices!!!
Wow this food is amazing!! I was expecting same ol same ol but I was very surprised. We will definitely be returning!
Had the pastrami sandwich. It brought me back memories of living in NYC and eating that first pastrami. It was good.  Good food hAs the power of time travel. 

This is a great place. Plus the coke is primo. Good mixture. The ice makes it over the top.
Love their subs! Toasted bread and steamed meat.... Brilliant!

I usually get the Club on a Sub. I seriously packs a punch. So delicious!
My boyfriend is in love with Firehouse so I eat there quite a bit. In terms of quality they blow away Subway, Quiznos, etc. Their subs are also quite large, and the hot sauce collection is amusing. I tried the DBacks hot sauce as a joke, and actually found it to be quite tasty. At the same time, I realized I do like hot sauce on my sandwiches. Who knew? Thanks, Firehouse!

I give them four out of five stars for two reasons:
1. One night they gave me the hard sell on the brownies and I caved. They were not anything special. Don't bother.
2. The last time I was there they took way too long to make one sub and there were six people working behind the counter. In addition, two people that ordered after me got their food first. That is seriously irritating. 

Definitely a nice alternative to other sandwich chains.
I had a really tasty sandwich here, the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar here. But I will agree with other reviewers that the sandwich could stand to be a bit bigger for the price. I liked the fact that if you accept all defaults (they ask you every step of the process how you would like your sandwich), this BBQ-sauce filled sandwich also gets mayonaisse. Most people may not like that, but I do. The combination of sweet-tangy and creamy works for my palette.

Didn't sample the impressive array of hot sauces available for spicing up one's sandwich, but always happy to see a wide selection of condiments available. 

I'm tempted to come back here and try their other selections. I also liked how you can buy the house BBQ sauce in a fire-hydrant shaped bottle.
Came here for a sub and left with a big ole smile on my face!  Firehouse subs totally hit the spot.  They serve hot subs, and was amazed at how good they tasted.  I had the #3 which was roast beef and pastrami with all the fixings.

They do have a great selection of hot sauces here, but I didn't try any of them.  The subs here come in 2 sizes, 8 inch and 12 inch.  Prices are actually quite reasonable, and I feel like I got a lot more then I paid for.  Tasty bread, a filling meal, and enough sub to make me happy.  

They even sell their pickle buckets here.  Their those big drum looking things that are probably hold at least 5 gallons of goods for $2.  I guess the $2 goes towards a fireman's charity or something, but either way, its for a good cause.  

Anyways, this place is worth checking out.  :-)
Nice atmosphere and friendly staff at this fire station-themed sub shop. I had a business lunch there at the suggestion of a colleague and it fit the bill good enough. 

Big selection of subs on the menu, both hot and cold. There should be something  to suit  everyone. I only wish that they would have the traditional oil and vinegar dressing, and I don't like mayo and mustard. I didn't see anything like it on the menu, so I had a dry sub. 

I'm not much into hot sauces, but the place as a huge selection of different bottles. Everybody in the place with sprinkling up their subs. 

My only complaints about the place are the location of the soda machine, which is too close to the counter where you pay and blocks access to the restrooms when too many people are gathered in that area and the lack of a simple dressing choice.
If you are want a sub, but don't want the monotony of your typical sub shops, head to Firehouse Subs and if you want I bet they will let you give  your best firetruck siren impression, too.

This place has the similar feel as any other sub shop, but just replace the cheesy subway scenery wall paper with firehouse artifacts.   

The menu provides similar sub options, but the quality of the ingredients are much higher rated than what you would expect to find.  The real add on for me is the hot sauce.  They have a nice variety of different hot sauces that give any sub that extra kick.

The other thing I like is the 8 and 12 inch are really that large.  Seems like everyone now offers a 6 and 12 inch that really are 4 and 8.  Friendly staff and the option to create your own sub and personalize it with some pop make it a solid 3 star.
To start this out with, let me make it clear I have experience with Firehouse Subs. I'm from the East Coast, where they originate. I had one one block away from my campus housing while I was in college, and another resided in the same building as a friend of mine's condo during that same time. 

With that out of the order, Firehouse is good. Very good. A large combo is a little pricier than a deal at Subway (a large combo is ~$10), but it's definitely worth it. The medium combo is ~$7.50, but the large is, I feel, well worth it, as the sandwich is so much bigger.

For starters, your sub is steamed. STEAMED! The way God meant meat and cheese to be prepared on a sandwich. 

This comes at a price, however. Don't expect the 'have it your way' mentality of Subway; you have a choice of ~10 subs, each of which comes with a selection of meats and cheeses. Some of these can be served fully involved (mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato), others can not (I'm looking at -you-, Steamer. You'd be perfect if you'd just loosen up a bit and take some extra condiments like a good girl). Well, you might be able to explicitly ask if they can be served that way, but it's going to be up to the server; the ones that are to be served fully involved (if you want them that way) say "Served Fully Involved" on the menu.

But my God, even with these limits is it worth it. These sandwiches are large, filled with meat and cheese, tasty as hell, and Firehouse provides a huge assortment of hot sauces to include on it. USE THEM! Find one you like; it really does make the sandwich taste better. I nearly cried when I found out a friend had been eating at Firehouse but had never known the hot sauces were there to be tried and experimented with by the customers, and so had never had the joy of a hot sauced sub.

Now, the reason this isn't 5 star...because of what has been done to the Firehouse Subs brand hot sauce. Yes, they have their own. Back in GA, it was -amazing-, best hot sauce there. Mild enough you could slather it on like ketchup, spicy enough to give it some heat, and tangy enough to give it flavor. I'm not sure why the one here was different (different mixing location? Different (bad) batch from those I've had in the past? I don't know), but it was a little bit spicier than it should have been (making it so my usual habit of slathering it on made the sandwich a little more spicy than I like. Still good, still edible, but not perfect), and less tangy. 

Still, though, try Firehouse the next time you want a sub. It's so much better than those other, lesser, sub shops.
AMAZING!!! We have been going to firehouse for almost 2 years now after my friend introduced us to it, I have never tasted a sandwhich so good in my entire life! You walk in and you're immediately greeted by all the workers, they can get pretty busy during the lunch and dinner time rushes, but I don't mind waiting. 

There is no way you can go into firehouse and not notice the array of hot sauces on display.I myself am not into spicy food, but my father and husband always get several samples to see who can handle the spiciest sandwhich (they have the spiciest flavors in their "vault", all you have to do is ask). Everytime I go I get the beef n cheddar smokehouse sub. They never skimp on the meat and the bread is always soft because they steam their subs, there is no better place to go for a sub, firehouse is definitely our fav! Keep up the good work firehouse!
Great meatball sub!
Went there today after yelping for a new tasty lunch spot and stumbled upon a few reviews that made me immediately get up and go.

I followed the advice of several others and started with the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket, and it was sooo worth it.  It was the freshest, most flavorful sandwich I've had in a very very long time.  The steaming does take a little longer then the typical Subway employee but it is sooo worth it, and really not that long of a wait.  I've waiting much longer for late night fillie bees and never been as satisfied.

My boyfriend had the club on a sub which was also amazing... the meat tastes so much better steamed. It literally melts in your mouth.  

I would of given 5 stars, but the pickles tasted a little weird, chip selection is so so and the signiture firehouse cherry-limeade... definitly pass.  

Overall though, I didnt come for the sides, I came for the sandwich, and the sandwich was amazing.  Even if this place is out of your way you need to at least try it.  My money says you'll be back =)
really good food! i had the brisket and cheddar on wheat. meat was great and the staff were very friendly.
Oh. My. God. 

Finally.

A sub shop that is a different in the way they cook their meats. Not just your average ham and cheese place, lots of steamed, hot, specialty meats and toppings. Specially like the 'Hero' (3 meat combo) and 'Engineer'  (Turkey). Your combo pricing is a bit higher here, but it seems like you get more food though. Oh, and their salads are pretty generous, they have A LOT of meat on them as well! (Your choice of meat , I believe). Nice and friendly staff, very clean place every time we go.

I just feel bad for the workers that are required to say, "Welcome to firehouse" every single time ANYONE walks in.. it can get old after a while.
I could eat the New York Steamer everyday and be completely happy.  My brother intoduced me to this place, and I have since been taking other people back to try them too.
Long drive from Tucson for a sandwich, but worth the trip.  (Sorry Ma, this is the real reason I am coming home so often....just kidding!)
Steamer is an amazing sandwich......I want one just thinking about it.
Out in Chandler today and was excited to finally try this place that was recommended by some locals.  Wasn't sure what to expect for a sub shop.

Different concept as far as first impressions.  Place was packed and it was about 1pm.  . Every table taken. Fireman equipment and artifacts everywhere.  Right away I'm trying to break down the menu as fast as I can since people behind me are waiting and it's an order-at-the-counter place.   Staff was great.  Asked what I was in the mood for. Pointed out a few items.  I went for a sub w/ turkey, mushrooms, and Swiss.  I asked if the mushrooms were fried.  The employee explained how they have a special press that steams the meat and cheese together before it goes on the roll.  Nothing there is fried.  

Sandwich was very good. Enjoyed the crispness of the roll.  There was a great amount of turkey, unlike most popular sub shops around.  I would have liked a bit more cheese and mushrooms.  A little more "savoryness" but I think that could have come in had I chosen one of their specialty sauces.  I'm definitely trying one of the sauces next trip! I think I needed a little more "zip!"
"Welcome to Firehouse!!" That's the greeting you get from the entire staff when you walk in the door (and if you go with my boyfriend, he yells that greeting along with the staff every time ANYONE walks into the place as well). We walked up the register and the staff were wonderful - helpful regarding the menu. The food came out quick, and we could tell it was fresh. I ordered the meatball and it was amazing! 

I wish there was one further east (closer to my house), but anytime I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the Chandler area, Firehouse Subs will be on my mind.
I got intro ducted to FireHouse subs in San Antonio.  The hook and ladder is awesome.  They are quick and have great accuracy.  I just wished they delivered.
Went to the Firehouse for the first time today on my lunch break.  Very friendly staff, quick service and YUMMY subs!  Because the sandwiches are steamed they are sooo soft and juicy.  They totally don't skip on the meat, though I would have enjoyed extra veggies.  I will for sure go back again.
I've enjoyed two outta the three sandwiches I've tried here.

Club - Good.
Beef & Cheddar - Very Good
Corn Beef & Pastrami - Nope

I will be back for the Beef & Cheddar. It's insanely good. The chili here is also tasty. It's meaty with no beans, just the way I like it. (kind of reminds me of the one at Jason's Deli) And I especially love the Cherry Limeaid. Yeeeee! No need to go to Sonics!

Service is whatevers. Some of the staff are friendlier than others but nobody I've encountered was rude... so it's all good.
Alright, I am giving this place a 5-star based off one sub - The New York Steamer. Holy crap this was good.

I actually didn't even get to eat this sub fresh as some stuff came up before I could stuff my face. Still, one of the best subs I've ever had in my life despite the slightly soggy bread due to me having to nuke it.

So, I actually ordered this delicious little morsel online. They said that they would email me when it was ready, but that it would at least take 30 mins. I never received an email, but instead a phone call. I rushed over there and snagged it.

The one problem I had with this was that I had some difficulty finding the place. The main display/sign and door faces away from the road. I actually passed by it a few times and ended up further down the road. Just know that it is only a few hundred yards from the road.
Great staff who always greet you as you walk in with a prompt "Welcome to Firehouse!" The subs are very good. They didn't get 5 stars from me because I prefer toasted to warmed bread, but that did not stop the subs from being delicious. 

Both times I have been there, I had the Veggie sub with everything on there (I forget to ask for no mayo!) and both times the sub was great. I look forward to my next venture over there.
I got a meatball sub from this location, and it was excellent.  Location is very clean, and staff was very friendly.  They have an online ordering option, so my food was ready to go as soon as I arrived.

The only negative is that is a bit pricey.  Over $10 for a 12 inch sub and beverage.  Not a ripoff since the food was very good, but still a little higher than I'd like to be paying for a sandwich.
Went to this place at lunchtime and it was packed! The staff was very friendly and upbeat, great atmosphere.  Everything on the menu looked so good, but I ended up with the new york steamer, regular sized.  Don't get me wrong, the sub was delicious, but nothing I would go out of my way for.  However, their hot sauce variety was excellent- I forgot what it was called, but the hot sauce with chunks of tomatoes(?) was to die for!  I tried my friend's club on a sub which I liked better than the steamer.  I'll have to try a different sub and write a review on it next time.
Great subs with a good price
I love this place! It's a cute place to bring kids. They will get a fire hat and can take a look at the real fire suits and helmets too. They one thing that drives me crazy about this place is that you can't get a kids sandwich on wheat bread. So I always have to order the kiddos an adult sandwich since I don't feed them white bread. Kind of a bummer.
So this was my second trip to firehouse. The first time I was not happy with my order. I got the sub with turkey and mushrooms. This time I got the smoke house cheddar sub. It was good, I put the house hot sauce on it which made it better. As of now I dont see it being that great. Though there are a few other items I want to try. The steamer looks real good. 
Firehouse is a good alternative to a subway. But isn't something right now that I would go out of my way for.
Yum! I'd give it a five if they sold beer.
Tried this place out for lunch,  as people around me were craving to go there. Don't know if CA have Firehouse Subs, but it was my first. I had #1 Hook and Ladder. I guess the big thing about this place is that they steam the subs (?) . I didn't see this place being that special. although it was good, maybe little better than Quiznos. The funny thing was that the local Firefighters were there for lunch. They must get discounts or something. Lol
Maybe I went on an off day but I was not happy with my sub. I think I ordered an Italian Sub. What I got was a soggy sub which I didn't even finish half of it. I have heard people rave about this place but I don't see it.

If you are in Chandler and you are craving a deli sandwich just go to Jason's Deli. I'm not saying they are great (almost no sandwich shops are) but that's your best bet unless you really want to feel like you could have made your meal at home, which happens at Jason's Deli too...
The food was great but over priced. The placed was packed yet the service was exceptional which is a rare combination. I would definitely recommend this place place to my friends just remember to save up before you stop in.
Best subs in the world.  Melt in your mouth.  Tremendous service.
So about a week or so ago I tried this Sub Shop. The people were very nice, although robotic in their welcome to Firehouse  Subs Yell. I liked the fact that you got a pickle with your sandwich. But the bread tasted like day old bread. This is not acceptable. It really wasnt worth the money.
First, let me just say that I believe Firehouse Subs is by far the best sandwich shop in the world, and the New York Steamer (with extra meat, twice toasted) is quite possibly the single greatest accomplishment that mankind can ever hope to achieve.

Also, I am in no way affiliated with Firehouse Subs, though opening up a shop would probably be the greatest thing ever. I would be in absolute heaven if I could eat a sandwich from Firehouse Subs for every meal, every day, for the rest of my life. 

I am reviewing this location in Chandler, AZ because; 1) I am moving to Phoenix so I will soon be a frequent diner, and 2) the service is absolutely perfect. I have been to this specific location four times, though I lived next to one in Florida for two years and have consumed more sandwiches from that Firehouse location than most people would consume in their lifetime (at any sandwich shop). The staff is extremely nice (the gentleman that made my sandwich even remembered my name and sandwich order, after only the first visit!; granted I returned the same day, but still :P), and the shop was clean, and there was plenty of staff to take my order quickly.

My sandwich (the New York Steamer, which I usually always order; though I have had all their sandwiches plenty of times), was absolutely perfect and tasted just like I remembered in Florida. The sweet and savory steamed meat, cheese, and sauces lovingly placed between the two slices of toasted bread form a taste unlike any other. The bread is amazing; it's soft, yet toasted enough to where it crackles when grasping the sub, and the process of steaming the meat releases flavors that are unmatched at any other sandwich establishment. I have no issues stating that Firehouse Subs is the absolute best sandwich shop in existence. If you disagree, well, enjoy your inferior subs...more Firehouse for me!

If you are looking for an awesome place to eat, look no further than Firehouse Subs.
The BEST subs I've ever had, hands down. The bread is always perfect, the ingredients are fresh and the staff always welcomes you when you walk in. While the wait is a little on the longer side(I'd say on par with Cheeba Hut) the time waiting is well spent. The menu is extensive, and I would recommend getting your sub "fully involved" which means that it has all the fixins.
Great subs, with their very own cherry limeade blend drink at the soda fountain (with fresh lemons to go with it!).  The subs are toasty, with fresh ingredients and quality meat.  Although the cherry limeade is nice in that it's a unique feature of the restaurant, it tastes a bit too kool-aid sweet to me.  I love the selection of various hot sauces (Dave's insanity sauce, Cheech's brand, even an Elvis brand, etc.) that you can choose from to liven up your sandwich.
Firehouse Subs in Chandler is AMAZING!!! My family and I go there all the time! The staff is super nice and the owner is awesome and friendly! They steam your sandwich once ordered and it's so yummy and fresh! I would recommend this sub shop to all of my friends! My son is almost 2 and loves the kids meal there as well!! 
Thanks Firehouse Subs! We love you!
I love Firehouse Subs.  Soooo delicious!

I'm a regular here because it's close by.  Even if I wasn't close, I'd still be a regular.  I haven't had a bad sub or bad service here yet (knock on wood).  Love the sub card they have, too.  I always enjoy it when a place rewards me for eating there on a regular basis.

They just added a touch screen fountain pop machine, too, which I thought was cool since I'm a computer nerd.

It's not the cheapest place on earth, but that's my only gripe.
OMG SO DANG DELISH!!!! I never knew this place existed and it's just right up the street from me!! There are so many sandwiches I wanted to try but I ordered the New York Steamer Sub which has corned beef brisket & pastrami with melted provolone, that right there is heaven on bread!!  I have to say I am huge Jimmy John's fav, but Firehouse just might be my new number 1.  They even have this touch screen soda machine which I thought I was pretty nifty, I think it boasted 101 different types of drinks; it's a Coke machine, so except coke products but be amazed by all that it does offer.  Service was great, place was great! Gotta go back and try other sandwiches now!
Killer subs! New York Steamer was full of win. Get it double toasted for sure. Double meat not necessary!
This is a cool little place. Nice room and GREAT drink selection. The sub i got was amazing. I got the large and ate half.. i wasnt to hungry tho.
Located right off of Ray and 101, there isn't much parking around here at lunchtime.  It gets a little busy and crowded inside, especially the line for the Coca Cola Freestyle.  Prices are also a little high for the value considering meat quality and quantity.  The lettuce is well shredded from the corporate offices.  

I've been here a few times because a friend works nearby so we've met here.  I wouldn't drive here out of my way when there are better alternatives on the other side of 101 or down on Chandler Boulevard.  Staff here is pretty welcoming and not just when you walk in.
If your a man, this is your sammich shop!!! Its a bit pricey but it seems like most of the sammich places now a days are. The hubby loves this place. He always get "The Hero" which he claims is named after him. I tend to get the same thing at most sammich shops which is a turkey sammich, smoked turkey breast in Firehouses case. I will say that this is a decent sammich. The bread and other ingredients always seem to be fresh. However, its not one of those places that I crave for some reason. Honestly, I think I prefer Jimmy Johns. 
Firehouse is not bad though and the atmosphere is cute, kinda like an old firehouse (imagine that!). They also have some good chocolate chip cookies    :)
NY steamer and coke freestyle machine = perfect lunch any day!
One of the best sub shops hands down. Love the way they steam the subs, make them taste freaking delicious.

Really there isn't any sub on the menu you can't go wrong with. Average prices and the "Welcome to Firehouse" never gets old.

Give it a go and head to Firehouse!
Always SO friendly, even when.customers are jerks... They don't take tips, instead they donate the extra change to the Chandler Fire Dept. The food is awe-some! Everything I've ever gotten is great (The Engineer, The Club, The Steamer, The Hook&Ladder). The sandwiches are always loaded and they come out fast.
WOW! That is all
I honestly don't even know why I'm writing a review considering I'm not a huge sandwich fan. I came here the other day with my bf and I felt very rushed to order. I ended up getting what I get every where else which was a turkey sandwich with everything on it, EXCEPT TOMATOES. My bf got a cheesy beefy type sandwich and it was super delicious. Mine wasn't too bad...but they put tomatoes on it -__- i wouldn't have cared so much if I wasn't having such a shitty day! But thumbs up for the subs!  Would I come eat here again? Yes :) & tip: try to not be so forgetful sandwich workers ;)
If a restaurant can get me full of delicious food for under 8 bucks in under 10 minutes then it deserves my highest recommendations.
Having lunch with a girlfriend, and came to the another place to eat in the same area  that had closed.  We decided to walk down and check out Firehouse subs.  We walked into the place, and the very 1st thing I noticed was the YUMMY smell.  The staff was very friendly, and happy to suggest their favorites.  I decided to give the turkey sandwich a try.  I have to say that it's the first time in a while that I had turkey on a sandwich that actually tasted like turkey.  Most places it has a generic vague flavor and all the meats basically taste alike.  NOT HERE.  Both of us throughly loved our sandwiches.  I also checked out the super cool soda machine.  Couldn't believe all the options.  Plan on eating here again!
Let me just start by saying YUMMMMMMM! We happened to be in the area and stopped in to give it a try, the employees were very friendly and greeted us immediately. I ordered the Italian (#4) and it was probably the best hot Italian sub I have ever had all the way down to the dressing that had a hint of sweetness to it. The sub was perfectly assembled the bread was crusty and warm but still soft and fluffy, the variety of meats was layered nicely topped with veggies and melted provolone(yumm). My fiance had the New York Steamer (#3) which was very tasty as well, it was stacked with corned beef brisket and pastrami topped with melted provolone and then touch of mustard just enough to give it that zing! We will definitely be coming back here!!!!
I absolutely love the New York Steamer sandwich, but when I went in today to place my order, I was distracted by the cashier inquiring about my adorable grand-daughter (who I was holding) and I guess I said Engineer instead of Steamer.

Imagine my disappointment when I peeled back the wrapper to reveal turkey and mushrooms instead of corned beef and pastrami.  Fighting back tears of defeat, I sunk my teeth into my tender regret.  You know, it was pretty good.  But next time I'll write down my order and just hand it to the cashier.
Craving a delicatessan style sandwich and not finding one in our area. So we popped into Firehouse Subs on a Saturday afternoon and they were hopping busy. Gave our order to the friendly clerk and waited (and waited and waited and waited) for our order. The sammies were quite good and definitely worth the wait. Soft bread roll and a tasty turkey sandwich. The dill pickle was crisp and cold. Would I stop in here again, you bet I would. But... I'm still craving that deli sandwich.
Since I just referenced Firehouse in my review for Planet Sub, I thought I better come on over here and write my review.  At Firehouse the food gets 5 stars.  The rest of the process is what makes it a 3.  Their brisket sub is mouth-wateringly delicious and the brownies are perfect perfect perfect, but every time I go there it's a total C.F. and really crowded and I'm more stressed out when I leave, so I save that one for when I'm already stressed out and sweaty.   I've been there several times and still don't understand the flow of traffic in there and then you'll have a family of 8 who all goes up to the register and the soda machine (stroller in tow) and basically brings everything to a halt.  I'll still patronize Firehouse, but I'll take a shot of whiskey beforehand because I feel like I've been working on the floor of the NY Stock Exchange when I finally get out of there.  I've even tried going at non-peak hours and it's better, but still a slightly frustrating experience.
I had a #10.  It was thin sliced beef brisket.  It was amazing and in a non gay way I loved every minute of that beef in my mouth.  I keep thinking about that meat.  That meat is on my mind all the time.  Try it
Love this place!  Always greeted when entering, and love helping out the firefighters.  The King Hawaiian Sandwich with pulled pork and slaw is awesome.  The pickles are awesome, and love the Coke Freestyle machine that they use.  Overall great lunch place.
I've been thinking to stop by forever so I finally did.

I'll keep this review short and simple. It's OK. If you're around, give it a shot (there's not much in that side of the 101) but don't drive more than 2 miles for that. Just saying.
I don't understand the hype!  The bread was ok, but they use over processed Smithfield Ham!  I can buy that at the grocery store.  Their mayo tasted funny, too!  Never going back!
This place is the bomb!  Best meatball sub I've ever had in my life.  Cannot tell you how many times I have ate at this place, its very relaxed, great food, & reasonable pricing.  Their brownies & cookies are both very good & they have the softest bread of any sub place I've ever been to.  Will always eat here when suggested & would recommend this place to anyone inquiring.
I think these guys have one of the best hot subs around. I differentiate hot and cold subs because they are completely different sandwiches. There are places in town that have great cold subs but Firehouse has one of the best hot subs around.
I don't think there is a bad one on the menu. I love the Italian and the New York Steamer with corned beef and pastrami but the meatball, turkey bacon ranch, club, Engineer are all great.
Every time you walk in you are greeted. Now granted sometimes are more exuberant than others. Sometimes you get WELCOME TO FIREHOUSE! and sometimes you get WELCOME to fireh... but you are greeted. Even after that they still remain friendly. They will explain things if you have never been there before or if you have questions. It is always nice and clean and the soda machine is never running low.
The one little knock against them is the price. It is a little expensive but so worth it. So much better than some $5 piece of junk. Every once in awhile you get a craving and it is a nice indulgence. It also makes you feel good to round up your order and donate the change to firefighters. I like that little touch too and think more people should do it. Sure it is just change but it is going toward a great cause.
I will keep coming back and have a hard time picking which sandwich I want because they are all so good.
They get an extra point for having a Coke Freestyle machine. Those are the best.
This was my 2nd time having Firehouse Subs and I really liked it, just as I did the first time I tried it. I love everything, from the friendly chant of "Welcome to Firehouse!" from the employees when you walk through the door, to the atmosphere, the food, and of course, the Coke Freestyle on their soda machine. I enjoy creating my own drink concoctions. 

I had the Sliced Chicken Breast sandwich on wheat and it was delicious. Also got the large drink, a bag of chips, and a brownie for dessert. For the money, I found it to be a great deal and I would definitely recommend Firehouse Subs to anyone looking for a new place to try.
I've had Firehouse 3 times now and have yet to be disappointed.  I've had the NY Steamer, the Club and now the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket.  The Brisket is the best sandwich I've had so far.  The BBQ sauce was warm & tangy with ample amounts of cheddar & beef.  Today was the first time eating in their store and the staff was very much on top of things and the store was very clean.  Of all nationwide chains, I think I have to rate Firehouse Subs right up there if not the best.  I took a bite of my wife's chicken salad sandwich and it was just as good.  That will be the next sandwich I bless my stomach with.
Excellent food, great friendly service. I have finally found a great sandwich, better than Chompies.
Yum! Went there today for the first time and loved it. My parents have been raving about the one in Las Vegas, so they were excited to take us there. The subs were amazing, and there were a ton of sauce options on the counter (which I LOVE!). I even splurged for a brownie, which I never do at sandwich shops, but it was so tasty!  

The service was also wonderful, I could tell the staff was all happy to work there and they really made it a point to make their customers feel welcome.
Firehouse Subs DONATED over 1000 subs during the days following the Yarnell disaster to the evacuees, the Red Cross, the Az Humane Society and incident command leaders.  They not only made this incredible donation of food, but even rented a truck to make these deliveries.  The food was incredible and I will have no problem making the drive from Glendale to Chandler for good food and such giving people. Thanks Scott for caring and making a difference for so many people!   Joy
I would give this place 5 stars but every time I do yelp thinks its fake.  This place is great and fast.  People are always very nice.  It's fast enough I can run over there and grab lunch on my 30 min break.
This was my first visiting a firehouse sub and I live down the street. The staff has great customer service and very welcoming. It's pretty tough to find parking when I went during lunchtime, but that's manageable. The sandwiches were good, but for the prices it should be bigger!  Definitely a place to go for a quick place to eat during lunchtime.
This place is great! Came in for dinner last night after hubby was pleading with me that he HAD to have the Kings Hawaiian sandwich lol.

We go in and we are immediately welcomed, "welcome to firehouse!". We sit down and Barbara comes over to help us and explain the menu. She was wonderful! She told us the meats are sliced fresh twice a day and she got fire hats for the kids. They loved that!

So my husband gets the Kings Hawaiian, a meatball sub for the kids, and I got a corned beef. They were all amazing! Really good meats.

It is a little pricy. $6 and change for a sandwich and close to $9 for a combo. But it's quality. I also love that they have a few ways to donate to first responders. Will be back!
I've only had the meatball sub and the italian sub, but both of them knock the socks off the competition.  If you've never been here, you should just go and experience it for yourself!
Price is high, but the subs are the best I have ever had. The staff was slow and clueless the last two times I went in Chandler, Last week no ice to be had in the ice machine or the drink machine! Took several shout outs until someone dumped a bucket of ice over the top and we were good to go. It takes TIME to get a sub done here, call ahead because if you show up at rush time you will blow your lunch hour standing around waiting. I HATE the greeting they have to yell at every soul who opens the door, just leave us cranky old people out of it! and tighten up the speed.
I love Firehouse Subs!  The briskit and cheddar is the best.  I only wish they served fries and not just chips.
Last night was my first time eating Firehouse subs and I have to say I was very pleased! I don't normally like my sandwiches "hot" or "toasted" but I was willing to try their hot subs and see how they were. Let's just say I will definitely be back again!
I would generally give this place 4 stars, but I think I would like to add an extra star for the friendly service I received. The two times I've been here I've had the meatball and the beef brisket sandwich- very yummy. Overall I think for the price point the sandwiches are delicious and tasty. They have a lot of interesting sauces you can try for your sandwich. The overall experience is great and I will be coming back for my yummy sandwiches. This would also be a fun place to take your family to have a sub and enjoy some subs.
We wanted sandwiches and this is near home. My parents love this place in PA, so we decided to stop by. My lady was hesitant since sandwich places usually make a great meat sub but then skimp on the veggie people. This time not so much. She said the veggie was awesome! My kid had a meatball and loves them. I had the steamer that I think I get each time. They have maybe 40 different hot sauces in bottles to try there, so I always love that, too.
Stopped in here today for a first visit to this Firehouse Subs, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  I went with a large "Firehouse Hero Sub," which came with roast beef, smoked turkey breast, ham, melted Provolone, plus shredded lettuce, tomato slices, red onion & possibly more.

The whole wheat bread was fresh and tasty, and every bite of this sandwich was absolutely terrific!     :-))

Large Hero Sub:  $8.19
Firehouse Subs is delicious. You really can't go wrong here. Fresh bread, good quality cold cuts and melt in your mouth cheese. I have recently discovered the New York Steamer which is pastrami and corned beef with provolone and Italian dressing all melted together. It goes especially well with a nice chipotle sauce from the great selection of hot sauces from the counter and also some nice crunchy jalapeno kettle chips. 

The special choose from a bunch o' drinks coke machine is pretty cool too, although I get a little overwhelmed and never know what I want. Service has always been great and the tables are always clean even when it's busy. The best time to come during the week is 2pm-3pm to avoid the crazy lunch or dinner rush. Overall Firehouse is delicious, I will be back.
The brisket sandwich is mouth-wateringly delicious and I love their hot sauce selection!
I like Firehouse Subs for their premium tasty sandwiches, they're absolutely outstanding!  

Recently I've found it somewhat harder to swallow their premium prices.

Years ago, the late Clara Peller became famous for her TV commercial "Where's the Beef?", while complaining at a burger place called, "Home of the Big Bun".

While Firehouse isn't that bad, they are close and Which Wich isn't too far behind either for the same reason.  I'm tired of trying to figure out who is giving out 3oz, or 4oz of deli meat on their subs.  

What I truly enjoy is a creative, well made sandwich, that has er, some beef on it, or in Firehouse's case, some meat.  

Quiznos went though bankruptcy, I believe because they forgot that consumers could see them weighing the meat on a scale, and then removing a slice or two when it was too much.

Okay, here's my beef (pun intended).  A group of us came here for lunch and universally found our checks in the $11.00 range.  So that's a sandwich 12" long, meat, chips and a drink.  How much does a 1/4 lb of the most expensive deli meat cost at Fry's or AJ's?

Sadly, we've found it easier just going to Jimmy Johns down on Chandler Boulevard, asking for double meat and paying $9.50 for the same setup.

I give the manager of this location high marks for draining the liquid from the heated pastrami/corn beef NY Steamer after it came out of the oven.  I was in a Firehouse in Florida recently where they forgot to do this and the sandwich just a mushy mess.

In summary, "Yes, I am a Fan" of Firehouse Subs, particularly for all the local Outreach they do for our Bravest. But I only hope they consider taking their thumb off the scale and put some real meat on those sandwiches. 

Enjoy!
Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing need I say more
I tried this place out on the recommendations of the Chandler Fire people I work with, since they offered a free sub on your birthday, and yesterday was my birthday. I tried the Engineer, which is smoked turkey with grilled mushrooms. It was good, but a little small for an almost $7 sandwich. I had the medium and it was only slightly larger than a hot dog bun, but the ingredients were fresh and good. The service was a little slow considering they had 7 people behind the counter, and a manger greeting people. I took more than10 minutes to get my sandwich, and since I was in line for 5 minutes that doesn't leave much time to eat if you're on a half hour lunch break.
#8 Engineer turkey and mushrooms; it is a great sandwich.  The bread makes or breaks a good deli.  Excellent white hoagie bread. I am a fan.

The kids sandwiches come with a rice krispy treat (used to be oreos) along with soda and chips.  

The soda machine offers dozens of varieties.   So many flavors of Hi C for the kids.

Always a friendly staff.  Tables inside and out.
These guys are the absolute best. The sandwiches speak for themselves but the service is the best in the valley. It's definitely the exception to the rule the way these guys go out of their way to help out and treat their customers right. Above and beyond - they have me as a life time customer. Thank you!
The thing that really sets Firehouse Subs apart from its competitors is its amazing service. Even over the noon hour--the busiest time of day--at least one employee greets you at the door. Everyone who works there is cheerful and courteous. They deliver the food to your table, And the food arrives quickly.

The food is consistently flavorful. Their menu is standardized, so if you want a sub made your way, you would be better off at Subway. They will leave off certain ingredients if you ask, but the options are limited. I don't mind this because it makes the line go quicker. You don't wait 20 minutes for the people in front of you to pick their ingredients.

The soda machine with 200+ flavors is way cool. One benefit is that there is normally a single line behind the machine. You don't have people crashing into or cutting in front of each other as happens with traditional soda fountains. I happened to talk recently with a fellow who works for Coca-Cola. He said these machines cost around $17,000, so any business that has at least one of them must be doing well.

The cashier always asks whether you would like to round up your purchase to the next dollar to benefit the Firehouse Public Safety Foundation. Normally, I dislike it when cashiers ask you to donate to the store's favorite cause because I already give to my own favorite causes. However, I always say "yes" at Firehouse because donating to first responders is definitely a good cause, assuming that the money goes where they say it does.

As other reviewers have mentioned, the food is pricey. For a few dollars more, you could get a decent meal at a sit-down restaurant.

Sadly, I no longer eat at Firehouse Subs because I recently became a vegetarian, and they don't offer a vegetarian option. I'm sure they would leave the meat off one of their salads on request, but when I go to a sub place, I want a sub. So I eat at Subway instead, even though the quality, service, and atmosphere are lacking by comparison.

If you are carnivorous, I highly recommend Firehouse Subs.
This is my third time here and I love grilled chicken so naturally I ordered a custom grilled chicken strip sub. It is amazing! And it tastes the same every time! Just don't get the deli mustard. Bleh... The staff is great also and they have all the hot sauce you could ever want!
1st experience-  Decent sandwich; would return.

2nd experience-The salad bar was surprisingly good; would return.

3rd experience-Very un-tasty sandwich, would only return for the salad bar.
1st experience-  Had the Italian Cruz Po'boy.  Ok sandwich, the kids seemed to have liked their grilled cheese.  Would return to try something else.  

2nd experience- Had Bird to the Wise.  It was pretty good.  Witnessed a server behind the counter (a larger, older woman) drop a cookie on the floor and placed it right back in the oven like nothing happened.  I looked around.  Are you freaking kidding me??  (Absolutely true story)

3rd experience- Not a chance.
Personally nothing to write home about here.... Every time I go in, it does satisfy my need for a good sandwich that is different then your usual sandwich shops. Below is what I like:

-Large selection of soups

-Decent sandwiches

-Ice Cream

Personally, I won't go out of my way for Jason's Deli but then again, I also won't avoid it if I am passing by or meeting friends here.
We live close to this location so over the past few years we have eaten here a few times....Sadly, we have come to the conclusion that we just don't like this place. It just has to do with taste - most of the food doen't have any and if it does there's too much salt. Things I've tried: Southwestern Chicken Stuffed Baked Potato
          BBQ Brisket Stuffed Baked Potato
          Tomato Bisque soup
           Grilled Cheese
           Fettucini Pasta
           Turkey and Ham Sandwich
umm, that's all I can remember right now but even from those items I can't say I liked any one of those except for their Strawberry Shortcake!
The one positive thing they have going for them is the Strawberry shortcake - It's hellah good - I drop by here just for it- that's one item they know how to do. The place is spacious, always clean and the employees are nice.The free Icecream  sure does rock my daughthers world but the STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE rules!!!
Decent sandwiches all around $7.  Good place for lunch.
I just returned from this deli.  YUK.  I ordered french onion soup and the salad bar.  The best part was the diet soda.  The french onion tasted like canned beef broth.  I never got to the onion part.  The cheese rather than being well done or crispy was barely melted and made the soup disgusting.  The salad bar was mostly out of cans, bottles of boxes.  The potato salad was awful, the tuna with penne salad was inedible and the salad dressings were all out of a bottle.  The place wasn't very clean either.  When I approached the manager to refund my meal, she questioned me.  I didn't like that much either although she did give me back the money.  I guess she doesn't know how many people in Las Vegas work in the F&B industry here in our hotels.  I would save your appetite for another deli.
I would have to agree with most of the other reviews here other then the fact that I am giving 4 stars which is apparently like a unicorn to this location. I usually order the salad bar if I am eating in the restaurant and I do have to give credit to them that every time I have been there the vegetables and salad fix-ins have all been very fresh and full. 

As far as the sandwiches are concerned, they are delicious and they have a ton of healthy and unhealthy options which I feel is essential to any good restaurant. This is obviously not a place that I tell my out of town guests is a must but it is a great place for a fast lunch on the go with many many options.
Not impressed. And I think they are using the term deli pretty liberally here.

My idea of a deli means things like Boarshead lunch meat and not serving paninis or having a salad bar. It's not that Jason's is bad, my sandwich was perfectly nice, I just think it's not nice of them to lie and say they are a deli. 

So I met a friend here for lunch. I ordered the Smokey Turkey panini, she had tuna salad on wheat. The menu said we had an option of chips, Baked Lay's or fruit. I suppose when you order you have to let them know that because we both ended up with chips. The sandwich was meh. Friend said her's was great. 

There is one thing about this place that I love....the free soft serve. I think this might have been a more 2 star review but the soft serve bumped it up.
We order lunch for delivery about once a week.  The Reuben sandwich is very good.  Generous meat.  A bit pricey but hey, they deliver!.  The delivery charges are a bit stiff but they can be bullied to make it one flat charge rather than seperate charges per sandwich (which is what they try to pull)
Check your order carefully, sometimes they mess it up.
Been there, done that.  Fair sandwiches (better than Safeway, anyway).  Only 2 stars since I didn't know about the free soft serve, so didn't get to try that.

There's gotta be a good New York-style deli west of the 17 and north of Thunderbird.  Isn't there?  Doesn't have to be great.  Good would be wonderful.
I went here the other night for the first time when I was near the mall, hungry, and wanted to try a new place. My boyfriend got the club sandwich (delicious) and I got the chicken philly melt (not so delicious). I got a soft serve cone while I was waiting (a tiny one, no judging!)

The boy had a brownie for dessert, which he said was delicious.

So overall:

Yay! Club sandwich
Boo! Chicken Philly Wrap thing
Yummy! soft serve and brownie

Oh and our sandwiches came with pickles, which were also tasty. :)

I'd probably try it again but get a different sandwich.
As much as I'd like to root for the underdog in an ever-expanding world of franchise dominancy, today has been the last straw. I felt I had a connection with Jason's reuben sandwich, first few times piled high with corned beef and a good proportion to sauerkraut. I even looked the other way when I was charged an extra $2 for them to do half corned beef/half pastrami (I got the same amount of meat). I still had faith in them. Then came the last few visits when the service became senile-slow and the food quality atrocious. I'd give it one last chance today and it was indeed the final rusty nail in my shabby coffin. Apparently I ordered an $8 sauerkraut sandwich called The Reuben; with a sliver of corned beef and a mountain of sauerkraut, it was everything my liberal vegetarianism craved. 

People of the jury, allow me to present Exhibit A... (photograph above)
Love their chicken pot pie soup.  I had to get a BOWL of it.  And then a po-boy pastrami melt.  YUM!
Great prices, great organic foods.  Love the salad bar, clean great choices.  One of my favorites is the meatball sandwich!  Very good.  Free ice cream cone when finished for all!  Great place to eat with kids, free on Wednesdays and organic healthy choices. 

Only thing that sucks, is no free wifi and booths/tables slide all over the floor. Very annoying.
Stopped by on a Saturday night when I had a taste for a sandwhich with some meat to it! I sure am glad I gave Jason's a try. They had a pretty wide selection on their menu from regular deli sandwiches to wraps, and a good sized salad bar. I went with the Royal Club with baked chips and a sweet tea. The club was packed with fresh quality meats, the croissant was nice and flaky, and the chips (Lays I believe) was a nice side. As for the sweet tea...perfect! I am very picky about sweet tea, and this one was just how I like it. The meal came in under $10 and came with the FREE soft serve ice cream! How can you NOT walk away happy from a meal that ends in free ice cream??? :)
Always great food at a reasonable price, best salad bar I have seen in a long time
Finally found my sandwich at Jason's Deli.  I've been here a few times but always find myself comparing it to Miracle Mile but its just not.  I always like the salad bar but I am not a salad bar kind of guy unless its the side to my meal.  I ordered the Po'boys pastrami melt and it comes on a sub style roll with Russian dressing, mmmmmy mouth is watering just talking about it.  I like the fresh food here and there gluten free bread for the kids, most things here are organic and very fresh looking.  Kids can have free frozen yogurt when they are done.  I will be going back soon.
I really enjoy Jason's Deli. It is by far my favorite salad bar to visit. They have enough of the old salad bar standby's that you always want, with an eclectic mix of other items to keep it interesting, like roasted red pepper hummus, gingerbread muffins, and large garlic bread croutons. 

I really don't like the way the bar is set up, though. You have to walk down both sides to get at all the different options. I suppose it saves them space, but it is annoying, and I'd imagine frustrating when busy.

They have great soups and sandwiches too. I've never been unhappy with my choices here.
Yuk! Miricle Mile deli closed which forced to Jasons. Not at all impressed...

Some people LOVE this place but personally they cant touch Miracle Mile Deli...
Empty stomach+Pastrami Melt Po Boy=Full stomach=Nap time.
Had lunch there today. No tongue, no chopped liver, no side of cole slaw. What kind of deli is this. The pastrami was ok but nothing to write home about. For the price in money, calories and cholesterol it just wasn't worth it. The menu is hard to figure out and I've read more than my share. There are better deli's in town.
I am going to have to give bipolar reviews.

On site:
Pretty good, especially for a Portillos like dine in but with much more deli options. Loved the complementary frozen yogurt! I always have room for ice cream :)

Catering....
Ok, how does putting a 1/2 lb of meat on a low quality sliced bread from a bag count as a sandwich to be proud of? What happened to lettuce, cheese, a tomato? Why do you put Jason's Deli stickers on your Lay's Potato chip bag? No matter what sticker you put, it was still Lays that did all the work.  The cookies are decent.  Veggie wraps are pretty good but would be much more awesome with some feta or goat cheese or even better if you take some of the massive amount of meat from the mediocre sandwich and put that it there. Also, why do you never check off the type of cookie on the box? I hope you are a good deal. Paradise bakery boxes put you guys to shame.
Fresh tasting, hot/cold depending on how it was ordered, and good accuracy with orders (even large orders).  Good location outside the mall so you don't have to deal with the mall people as much.  A little pricey but worth it for a quality sandwich.
The roast beef sandwich has LOTS of roastbeef on it-yeah!  The salad is the bomb!  Lot's to chose from on the salad bar.  Frozen yougurt-YUM!
**The GIFT certificates** need to improve though as my friend had taken me there and her gift card of $30 was NO longer valid as "when you don't use it"  you are charged $2.00 monthly against your balance?  Really?
Cashier DID really care IF we were going to be returning customers and worked with us about this gift card not being a "true gift card".
Disappointed!  This place is a half step up from a Subway.  I'm sure it's ok for those who have not had the experience of a true New York Deli.  The confusion of where to place an order was the first thing I noticed, as well as the next three unlucky customer's.  A deli that does not serve fries; what's up with that? Sorry Jason's Deli, you flunked the test.
Not too bad. Got the meatball sub. Nothing really making me fiend to come back tho. Overall 3 stars for the complimentary soft serve.
No cheese means no cheese. Shame on me for thinking the employees at the Arrowhead location can read. I will never order from Jason's again.
Thought this would give us the deli fix we needed since no more Miracle Mile at Arrowhead Mall.  Didn't even come close.  The pastrami was stringy, tough and all fat; their cole slaw is really carrot slaw, and they call French dressing "Thousand Island Dressing."   And thoroughly disappointed to get Ruffles potatoes chips instead of those great Miracle Mile fries.  Won't be going back to this place.
We go here a couple of times a month to get a light meal. The food is good. Not great but good. There is plenty of seating and it is a nice place to meet family, get a light meal and sit and talk. Another reason I like to go here is, most restaurants you get way to much to eat at a sitting, but what do you do? You eat it all or at least I do as I don't like to waste food and there is to little to take home. Here I can get a half sandwich and a cup of soup. AAAAnd You get to have a cone of frozen dairy. I usually do not get this. Have to watch my girlish figure. I Wish. For a place to go, sit down, relax, talk with friends. This place is a good place.
we just cant get enough of jason's deli!!
their beef eater has soooo much meat on it, that i only order half with their amzing salad bar!!
salad bar is sooooooo fresh and has everything imaginable!!
pastrami sandwich is amazing and order half unless your really hungry!!
even humus, chocolate muisse, pudding and slef-serve ice-cream!!
you won't go away hungry!!
we eat there more then once monthly and luv it!!!
healthy to boot when you eat their salad!!
sandy :)
I have been coming to Jason's Deli for years! I've tried a couple things that I haven't loved but that's partially my fault for not reading the descriptions better, but the main things that keep me coming back are really good (like the baked potato)!!

We had Jason's Deli cater a family event for us last year and they even delivered it! They gave us enough mayonnaise for our sandwiches to last us a year!! :)
Oh yum I love Jasons deli. Give me that salad bar. I go nuts for the salad bar and I don't even know why! Maybes its the tiny corn muffins, or just the mix. Its nice that I can go back again (hint Field Kitchen). I always get a nice sample for me and for the baby to try. Sometimes if I am in the mood I will order some soup too but its usually just the salad bar.
I really like the option that I can jump the line and pay at the salad bar and soup line. It saves time during a busy lunch rush. I feel like a VIP when I do that.
Also, everyone gets free soft serve. Its pretty good.
The people are always friendly and clean up the tables really fast. I love this place and will return a lot for lunch.
They are always accomodating for special requests or substitutions.  The service is fast and friendly and my family likes the quick in and out.  They sent us $5 off for a birthday gift and I think that is a nice touch to show they appreciate their customers.  I LOVE the kid friendly menu that has more options than most places and organic is a plus in our book!  My daughter adores the free ice cream and she would pick Jason's deli almost every time if given the choice.  My husband loves the pastrami there and I love the flexibility.
As far as Jason's Deli goes, it's pretty decent.  I would say compared to other deli-style restaurants, it's 3 stars.  You can enjoy their salad buffet, order a (huge) spud or they have a variety of sandwiches.  Nice place to get something simple and yummy.
I have never actually stepped into a Jason's Deli but we get it all the time at work for catered lunch.  I have actually resorted to bringing my own lunch on those days.

I think their boxed lunch is THE WORST!  First of all, how can they charge what they charge for a simple sandwhich that I could easily make myself in less than 2 minutes?  This is not 'artisan' bread like Paradise Cafe bakes.  It is simple, flat, square sandwhich bread that looks like it came out of a commercial loaf at the grocery store.  Throw on some shaved lunch meat, a tomato slice and head lettuce slice and your done.  Then throw some mustard and mayo packets into the box with a bag of chips.  To top it off, throw in a cookie that is not only flavorless, but so hard and dry that I nearly cracked a tooth on it...and then charge four times what I would pay to make this myself.  I am not sure if they have better selections or food besides this standard boxed lunch as I have never been impressed enough to check it out.
About a week ago my bf and I came here for lunch just right before starting our drive back to LA. We stayed at the Ramada  and this was just right across the parking lot...so instead of searching where to eat, we just settled for this. 

I ordered their Deli Club - it was pretty massive - I like how they served it on whole grain wheat w/o having me to order it differently. I had the potato salad as the side - which was good but the mustard was somewhat overwhelming. The sandwich was good but it was so big I couldn't even finish it. 

Bf ordered the Wild Salmon-wich with a side of fruits. Looked pretty good and according to him it was delicious.  

Nice place for lunch, looking at their menu I kind of wish they would have one over in Orange County or Irvine, just cause it offers much more than Panera Bread and Corner Bakery. They also have what looks like an salad bar too.
This is a Kick.
 All of my friends told me to stay away from the Corned Beef at Jasons.
 Not a real Jewish Deli. 
OK Granted but I had a Corned Beef on rye with mustard. Potato salad side and guess what?
So far the BEST corned beef sandwich in Phoenix.
 Yes I went to Chompys and Yes I have been to Generations.....
No Fat- Lean-Piled High!......
My friend had the salad bar and told the manager it was better than Sweet T's....
Had Jason's catered into a class we were in for two days this week and their food was so good!
So we decided to come to Jason's for breakfast / lunch with our kids and its even better in person! Manager greeted us at the door went over menu options. Great prices and portions. I ordered a Ruben 1/2 portion and it came with an option of side salad or soup, I got the salad and I was able to build it myself at the salad bar, which by the way has a wide array of options you don't see at salad bars anymore. Fresh produce! To top it off, you get free ice cream sundaes build your own!!!! Can't wait to come back, the kids loved it.
I didn't find Jason's Deli to be anything special. I had to wait a long time for a Reuben sandwich that wasn't even that good. My wife really enjoyed it, but I wasn't impressed. We used a value coupon and still found the prices to be expensive. It is a strange place, but it did have a cozy atmosphere and is open surprisingly late which I liked! If they had better food I might visit more.
This place is good in my book!!!! Nice portions on the sandwiches, and not to mention they have cheesecake that is simply AMAZING!!!!! Don't sleep on JASON'S DELI, they definitely are handling some big business over here!
Wow amazing. We got the amy's with gumbo and the papa joe's. So delicious. We will be back.
I really liked this place! The service is great and the environment is a very welcoming and warm to have lunch with friends. I ordered the taco salad - delicious! I like how they also give you the option of a lighter portion. They were very accommodating with my specific requests (sour cream and cheese on the side, light salsa) and our orders were brought out promptly. They also give you free ice cream on your first visit. Overall, I would definitely come back.
Great food and very friendly staff.
my review is based on the food..
honestly, I have never stepped foot inside this place. We typically have our porters grab our orders for us and bring it back to our office.

These sandwiches are amazing.
The rueben is stupid good but the New York Yankee blows my mind.
3/4 pound of insanely good pastrami and corned beef on rye bread that is toasted perfectly.  Literally 3 inches of hot meat and I can't get it into my mouth fast enough.
ugh... I'm hungry for it now.

The soups are great too.. rich and flavorful and quite filling.

This deli is doing sandwiches right.  2 thumbs up!!
We stopped by this place on our way to Sedona.  The service and food were great.  I had the French Dip and my wife had the salad bar.  We enjoyed our meal.  I also enjoyed the free soft serve ice cream.
I haven't been to a Jason's in years & I've never really been a fan.  My mom was in town & loves it there, so of course being the awesome daughter I am, we went.  

It was a little confusing when we first walked in.  We couldn't find exactly where we order, most places usually have a "Order Here" or "Pick Up Here" kinda signage.  Girl behind the counter saw we were confused & directed us to the right area.  Mom got salad bar, she loved it, I got a chicken panini with chicken pot pie soup which was so good, hubby got a salmon sandwich. We all really enjoyed our meals.  I plan on going back for a big cup of that soup! I can't stop thinking about it!
A few of us went in for lunch today.  The place was packed, but the food and service were both fantastic!!  I had the salad bar and my guests had sandwiches.  Everything tasted fresh. We got our sandwiches within five minutes.

The manager stopped by our table twice to check on us.  Another employee came by to see if we needed anything. The service was impressive to say the least.
Love this place! Employees are so friendly! Place is clean food is good. Love the pasta salad!
Every time I come to Vegas for a business conference, I always go to Tower's Deli to eat lunch.

It's great.  They're fast and the food is really good.  My favorite order is the Tower's Reuben.  It's your pick of pastrami or roast beef on rye with thousand island dressing.  YUMMMMMMMMM!  So good, I get nothing else.  Also, their coleslaw is better than the average coleslaw.
What a find.  What a bargain, especially at The Venetian. A sandwich combo (any sandwich; chips, slaw or potato salad; large fountain drink...w/refills) for $10.95 + tax.  Add to the combo a (16 oz?) cup of chicken noodle soup or matzo ball soup for $1 more.  You get free bagel crisps with the soup.  I got the combo two times in two days. So much for the "value" side of the equation.

Now for the food:  it was good, fresh, and homemade-tasting.  The pastrami and turkey portions were generous but not obscene (like some NY delis at other casinos.) The NY cheesecake was the real thing and only $3.50/slice (half of what Grand Lux charges for it's Cheesecake Factory made stuff!)

Go to the food court and check out this place.
I needed to get something quick and easy and this was the place located in the food court area of the Venetian and Palazzo, I got the Sam and Emma's sandwitch. Three slice's of wheat bread (my choice) with Turkey, Roast Beef, and Pastromi! Yumm very good! oh and CAUTION soup is extremly hot so be careful!
This place did the job and kept us entertained. Boyfriend got the pastrami on rye, I got the Italian Stallion.

The decor is very cute. Walls lined with shelves filled with cans of matzo ball soup, gefelte fish, etc. Old school Pepsi ads on the walls. I've never been to a real NYC deli, but I thought the decor was a nice touch.

Food was decent for the price. My sandwich was a little bland for something so full of Italian meaty goodness. Boyfriend's pastrami was pretty good though.

Only real complaint? Had to remind the lady making my sandwich to leave off the Romaine.
My friends just checked out of their suite and wanted to grab a quick bite before some last minute gambling so we walked to the food court. I wasn't all that hungry so I just ordered a sesame bagel w/lox and cream cheese. They give you some tomato slices and lettuce and a lot of salmon. The sandwiches that they were making for other people looked really good. I will definitely have to try one next time I'm here.
I was looking for some cheap good eats in the Venetian since I had to dine alone. I found this place to be perfect. 

I ordered the New york Sky high sandwich. It had pastrami, corned beef, turkey, coleslaw, and thousand island dressing. It was salty and a little sweet. A great deal for $8.50!
Slow service and small portions.  Food is good but not worth the wait.
The sandwiches here are huge, and they give you unlimited refills for fountain drinks (which cost less than $3). It has the feigned look of an old-school delicatessen with it's bric a brac, but whatevs, this is Vegas where everything is making some reference to other things. Really friendly staff here too.
I went here for a quick bite before watching Phantom of the Opera. There was plenty of sandwich choices that made it hard for me to decide which one I wanted. In the end, i chose the "New York Sky-High," which had its own poster plastered on the glass window! (duh, obvious choice?!)

You get to choose the type of  sandwich bread you want (white, whole grain..toasted, not toasted..etc); comes with a generous amount of hot pastrami (well seasoned-salted/peppered), layers of cold turkey meat, creamy cold slaw, and tangy Thousand Island dressing. The combination of the whole sandwich was divine! I still dream about it till today! The sandwich was very generous with its meats (piled up so high!) that when I bite into it, it gets all over my checks (annoying, but yet so worth it!!) The sandwich was salty, creamy, light, cold, hot, tangy..ugh, so good!!! 

This place is small and the decor is retro--similar to  Johnny's Rockets (but not as bright). The NY Sky High sandwich is $8.50. Its kind of a lot just for one sandwich (bread size is slightly bigger than Orolwheat's), but you just have to try it at least once. And for $3, you can get a fountain drink (w/ free refills).
Went in here not expecting much since this Jewish deli is located in a food court. I kept looking to see if they microwaved the pastrami (feh!) instead of steaming it. But the garlicky aromas wafting through the restaurant were not deceiving. The pastrami and matzo ball soup were actually really good! I couldn't find any microwave. I'll come here again after my next gondola ride!
Who are you trying to be, Katz Delicatessen? 

While it was impossible to find the buffet at the Venetian for breakfast, we gave in and tried this deli for a quick breakfast. It really was like a delicatessen, one of those places you find in the middle of Midtown.

I didn't even bother getting the pastrami sandwich, knowing it's just a quick bite and just grabbing a bagel. A bagel is a bagel, nothing more.
If you are at the Venetian and/or Palazzo, and want to have some semblance of a non-Vegas buffet, you need to find this place in the Venetian Streets food court area.  Sandwiches were huge, freshly made, and yes could be mistaken for pretty good deli food.  A good selection of breads, and you can grab a beer with that food.  A great spot to hold you over between lunch and that late dinner you have planned later in the evening.
ended up eating here twice on our stay at the venetian just because the price was right, and it tasted good, along with good sized sandwiches.  the sandwiches were very similar to backstage deli at the luxor (read my review).  the staff here was nice, still offered to make me a sandwich when we went in and they were closing.  but i like it lot and would go back again if i was in the food court
Tower Deli at the Venetian is kinda unique. You wouldn't really expect a New York Style Deli in Las Vegas. However, you will find it here at the Venetian Food Court. For one thing, it is a change of pace from the usual Cheeseburger and Chinese Take-out restaurants that middle class Vegas tourists usually get during lunch or dinner. 

Towers Deli sandwiches were very nice. The portions are given by the employees were huge. I had the Pastrami Sandwich, and it was very satisfying. The pastrami was warm and quite delicious. They also make various other sandwiches, and also some other delicatessen  dishes that you would find in a New York deli. Great deli, would come back again!
Definitely a great find inside the Venetian/Palazzo resorts.

At times it might seem impossible to just grab a quick, light, and fairly inexpensive meal inside these casino resorts.  But, inside the food court there are a couple options outside of the normal pizza, burgers and chinese.

Towers Deli is clean, spacious and inviting.  There are plenty of options and each sandwich is made to order, so everyone should be able to get something they like.  The prices are good, but when you compare to the other options you have I'd say they are pretty great for what you're getting.  The sandwiches are HUGE and delicious.  I almost regret getting a bag of chips as well.

Next time we're at the Palazzo, we'll definitely stop by the Towers Deli for lunch again.
RUDE and SLOWWW service.  Had the tuna sandwich on wheat twice while we stayed at the Venetian and it was pretty good.  Nothing special, but A-OK.  It was decently sized and it also came with a pickle and small coleslaw.  

The first time we came, the cashier was super nice.  We asked for cups of water and he gave us free bottled waters!  The second time we came, we had a horrible experience!  The cashier was super rude.  We thought the water would be free like the previous day, but it was like $2.50, so we said no thanks to the water.  The lady was super annoyed and rude at the fact that we didn't want the waters.  We then had to wait for the manager to come and remove the waters from the tab, which took forever!  3 stars for the sandwich, but I had to take away a star for the rude cashier and the wait.
I had the Reuben and a bottled drink which I want to say was about $12. The Reuben   was warm and delicious and looked a heck of a lot more appetizing than my dining companions' Chinese food.

The place is clean and the employees were great. I picked Towers because the food in the Food Court looked old and tired sitting in the pans at 10pm. So I opted for a freshly made sandwich at Towers.
Ginormous sandwich, loaded with meat and cheese, a side, and a drink was about $11 using a 20% off ACG coupon I had.  No complaints here.  Very good and very filling.
Save your money. The food here is way over priced and not worth it. 4 dollars extra to add a piece of chicken the texture of shoe leather to a brown at the edges salad. I remembered why I hadn't ate here in years despite working at the Venetian often. I had a sandwich last time and was similarly disappointed.
Pretty good food. I had the egg salad sandwich. It was HUGE and I could only eat half of it and had to toss the rest (no fridge in the room) but what I did get through was pretty good. A little pricey but it's Vegas. 

We showed up around lunch time and there wasn't much of a line. The restaurant looked clean, brightly lit with a bunch of New York style tchotchkes and things around, shelves of Matzoh ball mix, etc. Good for a quick lunch. 

Nasrin was the cashier that day and very nice. If you happen to come in with a case of the hiccups, she'll give you suggestions on how to get rid of them.
My hubby and I stayed at the Venetian for a week.  One day, we checked out the food court and decided  on this deli.  I had the  New Yorker, which had pastrami, turkey, brisket with slaw and thousand island and a small pickle on the side.  Runs about $9. It was a triple decker sandwhich, piled high with meat.   It was delicious.  It was warm, moist and flavorful, and the pastrami was not salty.   It was the best sandwich I ever ate.  I  was stuffed.  It was so good, we decided to visit again later in the week for a late night snack.  The price was decent considering its inside a casino.  We wanted to grab a sandwich for the early drive home but unfortunate for us, they didn't open till 10a.m.  We will make a point to stop by Towers Deli whenever we are in Vegas.  You got to try it!
High quality meat piled high on warm bread... delicious! This is a great option compared with most of the fast food centered food court restaurants. I would definitely come back.
My husband and I just stayed at the Venetian and went to the food court and I tried this deli and was very satisfied.  I have not had hot pastrami in years and the sandwich I got was delicious.  Not expensive and came with cole slaw (which I did not expect) and pickle.  Glad we tried this deli.
Really pleased with their Reuben sandwich with pastrami. The coleslaw was ok, a little heavy on the mayo and light on the cabbage.
The Dagwood club: salami, ham, turkey, cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayo...I got pepperjack cheese

Bread-soft,fresh 
Meats-good quality
Veggies-well they are veggies

Overall a good solid samich, I hear the Archie deluxe is the thing here, ham cream cheese? Avocado n bacon bits? On a kaiser roll, hmmmmmmmm
Maybe if I'm feeling really adventurous next time!
This place is great! Super friendly customer service. Good bread, yummy meats and cheeses... tastes good without being soaked in oils and mayo like certain chain sandwich spots. We're locals and will be back for sure. Thanks!
My husband and I have been going to Dagwood's um excuse me TJ's for about 15 years now since we were dating. BEST LUNCH DATE EVER! I can never get enough Mr. Dither's and Archie's. OOOOoo and Blondie's I could go on and on. I could eat here everyday if I had the money. They have a great menu and a wonderful friendly staff. I dare you to say that any of their items are bad. I have never had a bad experience with service or food. We have catered a big family picnic with their sandwich trays. Everyone kept saying how delicious the sandwiches were, so we will have to do that again for sure! LOVE LOVE LOVE DAGWOODS um I mean  LOVE LOVE LOVE TJ'S!!!! PLEASE NEVER CLOSE BECAUSE THIS IS THE ONLY PLACE I CAN GET MY Mr. Dither's FIX!
It's fast, it's friendly and about as inexpensive as you can get in Desert Ridge.  Wasn't blown away by thier food, but I would go back.
This place popped up out of nowhere!  We went in for breakfast today and business was booming.  I bet all of the people that work in nearby office places go here for some morning coffee and bagel.  

They have pretty inexpensive breakfast specials, but like Lindsey said, I wasn't blown away either... I had fruit salad and my bf had a bagel sandwich.  Very limited menu but they do carry Boar's Head meats and sell by the lb.  

Go here for bagels, bagel sandwiches, and possibly a side of potato salad or tuna... not much else at the moment, but they just opened so hopefully their menu will grow to include more egg selections and salads?

Very friendly service, outdoor seating option, and easy parking in the lot as well... great for the Desert Ridge area!
I will have to admit that the place was inexpensive close to Desert Ridge.  It's tucked away in a strip mall in between a couple of office complexes.  The price for an two eggs over-easy, country potatoes, and onion-toasted bagel with coffee is a little less than $6.  The food was okay, and the coffee woke me up.  My friend had a turkey sandwich and it was alright.  Her dad had the same breakfast with me, but wanted the country fries that was not available.  You need to beat out that breakfast rush.  It was a little busy that morning.  Service was quick, friendly, and efficient.  There aren't many selection of food outfits for breakfast around the area.  I will return to this eatery.
Had a business meeting here this morning, it was the first time I've been. The place was small but sunny and clean. It was pretty good- you're standard breakfast / bagel place. I had a toasted bagel with cream cheese and an iced tea and my guest had eggs, home fries, a sausage patty and a soda for $12, not bad. They also offer Boar's Head meats, and lots of sides. The guy behind the counter was not a super warm guy, but he took care of  us and got the food out quick and fast. The place was empty when we arrived at 9am, but it filled up quickly with professionals from the neighboring medical buildings. Overall, it will be a nice place to add to the breakfast rotation.
Breakfasts here are good if you want something simple on a bagel and want it relatively fast.  I had to make regular visits to a nearby medical facility and always found myself stopping here for a bagel sandwich with fries, or a breakfast bagel with hash browns.  Food isn't great, but isn't bad either.  Very limited seating.
This is the only place in Arizona to get genuine NYC bagels.  Their lox are also reasonably priced.

We bought 13 bagels and a half a pound of lox.  It came out under $20.  Their sandwiches looked great but I haven't tried one.  They were cheap.

Also, their Boars Head deli meat is cheaper here than the grocery store.

I will be driving out of my way to go here.  I only wish they had a better location, it's hidden and you can't see it from Tatum Blvd.
People there aren't very friendly.  People that ordered their food after me got their food first.  No remorse from the staff.  Only went once, will never go back.  Pretty pricey here too...about 25 bucks for one order of pancakes with chocolate chips, one order of french toast and two orders of 3 eggs.
I have been trying to find the best bagel in AZ for a while now and my search is over!!  

Bagels are always fresh. 

Employees are friendly and accomodating.
Best Bagels in AZ by far!!!  Being from NJ i thought id never have a good bagel or pizza again when i moved to AZ, now if i can only find a good pizza place.  These bagels are a lot better and a lot cheaper than the garbage einstein bagels across the street at desert ridge!
decent bagel, bad coffee, friendly staff.  a little odd seeing the boars head sign in these parts if you've spent any time in new york, but it's a nice addition to this area.  unfortunately, this particular location (west side of tatum across desert ridge) is one of the most poorly conceived developments i know of.
Not overly impressed with this place. It seems to be un organized compared to chain bagel shops I like to go to. I ordered a sesame bagel with plain cream cheese. Took about 5 minutes to get and the place was not busy.  Was excited to get an ice coffee but all of the coffee was out besides decaf and a dark blend. I have heard good things about their burrito but I doubt I will ever go back to try it.  I try to be positive about my reveiws but just not feeling this place.
I'm not going to be too hard on them, considering this is AZ, and NY bagels outside of NY are pretty much non-existent.  The bagels are decent, but they seem very salty to me.  Service was fast and friendly.
Wow!  Where to begin.  

We stopped here last Sunday when they had a $4.00 for a dozen bagels offer and we were really very impressed.  The bagels are outstanding and VERY NEW YAWK-ish in taste and flavor.  The owners wife offered me a New York deal (which I took them up on without hesitation) 19 bagels for the dozen price of $8.00.  Don't laugh.  Yes, I did the math but I also enjoyed NY kibitzing.

Go!  Enjoy!  This is the real McCoy!
I've only them for breakfasts and bagels, but the service is fine ( it's counter service not sure what other reviews are expecting). The breakfast omelets (3 eggs, 1 meat, 2 veggies, and cheese) are a great value for 6 bucks with homemade potatoes, and the bagels are fresh and real NY style bagels, not those over priced pockets of air the chain stores sell. If you want a real bagel try 'em out, if you want your omelet made in a microwave and over priced packing material go to the chains.
We live around the corner and discovered the place about a year ago. The owner (Ben) is friendly and always makes it a point to say hello. We stick to the bagels and cream cheese which are warm, fresh and made locally. I recently brought a dozen bagels and cream cheese to work and my colleagues all wanted to know I bought them. This is a great neighborhood spot!
I had a turkey, egg, and cheese on a pumpernickel bagel for breakfast yesterday and was delighted with it! It was so delicious I brought my husband in for breakfast a few hours later after he got out of his foot surgery.

First of all, I don't consider myself a bagel lover and I really, really liked everything about the bagel I had. The texture, taste, and consistency. Yummy! 

They had a turkey option for the sandwich because I dont like pork breakfast meat. The sandwich wasnt greasy, which was another big plus. 

My husband liked their dark coffee and was happy they had regular milk he could use instead of 1/2 and 1/2 or cream.

Service was very friendly and I'm looking forward to going back!
As most Phoenicians from the NY/NJ area know, one is very hard-pressed to find a quality bagel in AZ.  The bagels at Brooklyn's Best are really pretty good.  They have the proper NY style firmness and texture.  The everything bagels, which are typically my favorite, were a little too salty for my taste but not to an unbearable extent.  They have fresh squeezed orange juice that is pretty good.  Disappointing for a restaurant with a name like "Brooklyn's Best," the restaurant does not have a display case for meats and cheeses and various baked goods like any NY deli would.  Nor do they have an enormous list of various combinations of sandwiches.  Especially disappointing, they do not have taylor ham - a NY essential.  I do, however, like that they have other breakfast items like eggs and pancakes.  I haven't tried them yet, though, so I can't attest to the quality.  On a side note, the bacon is a bit strange; I think it might be turkey bacon but I'm not sure.

Despite not being like a real NY-style deli, these bagels keep me coming back again and again, frequently going out of my way to do so.  The bagels get 4 stars, but I'll have to keep the overall rating at 3.
This is a great bagel store! They make great sandwiches too!
This is the closest thing to a New York bagel as you'll find in Phoenix. Proper consistency, texture, I dig em. They make a mean breakfast sandwich too. In addition, they have a bunch of the traditional NY deli fixins like Wise brand potato chips and Cheez Doodles, black and white cookies, Dr. Browns etc which is important to this transplant.

Now, the bagels may be a little bit salty like many of the other posters have noted before, but you know what, beggars can't be choosers. And when it comes to finding quality NY style bagels in Phoenix, we beggars.
Not to bad.. not to bad at all.. you know me and chain restaurants don't get along very well. So when I was invited here by a friend I had already made up my mind not to hate this place but let it suck on its own. 

I ordered the Smokey Jack Panini based on my friends recommendation. Crunch toasted bread.. smokey bacon and turkey.. guacamole and tomatoes.. what else could top this off, a slice of pepper jack cheese. It didn't fucking suck!  Now the free ice cream, that sucked! 

Might try it again for the salad bar.. looked very fresh and well stocked.
I've driven by the place a number of times and always thought it was just a little corner deli with some tables outside.  But it's got a huge dining room - deceptively large.  If you've got a lot of people looking to eat a simple meal together, this is the place.  The tables can all be moved and put together and it looks like a common occurrence. 

I'd heard the tuna melt was good so that's what I went.  It was fine.  If you're expecting a grease-laden tuna monstrosity, you'll be sorely disappointed.  It was probably more like a tuna sandwich you might make at home.  The bread was a nicely toasted whole wheat, probably a smallish scoop of tuna, a swipe of mayo, some nicely melted jack cheese and a slice of tomato.  The tuna wasn't cold so it must have been heated up but it seemed more like it had gone through one of those giant toaster contraptions they have at Quizno's.  The Ruffles-like chips were a bit better than Ruffles out of the bag but not by much.  My friend had the same so can't really add more about his meal.  

Other people's food looked good.  The staff was nice and patient.  There was a TV tuned to sports with the sound off. The salad bar looked great: extensive and lots of fresh produce (at least it looked fresh)!  They have a lot of soups on the menu.   It looks like they have mostly Coke-products (I'm a Coke-girl) at the self-serve soda area though they had some specialty waters and sodas near the register. 

I'd meet a friend or a group of friends there for a healthy-tasting sandwich.
Walking into Jason's Deli I didn't know what to expect. Is it like Paradise Bakery? Is it like Wildflower Bread Co? The concept of serving sandwiches made from quality bread and fresh ingredients is the same but they serve classic favorites like blt's, meatball, reuben, and club sandwiches. If you want a "gourmet sandwich"  with fancy toppings you should probably go to Paradise or Wildflower. They also offer wraps, stuffed potatoes, po boys, soups, and a salad bar but it didn't look very good.  I ended up ordering ciabatta garden sandwich because It was  one of the few vegetarian options they had there. The sandwich was really flavorful and filling . My sister ordered the Reuben sandwich and it was huge! I don't eat meat but that sandwich looked really good. My sister also suggested we try out their cheesecake and it was delish!  I was surprised it was pretty authentic not one of those to go slices that tastes like Jello cheesecake.  We were very satisfied and will be coming back for more :)
This is the third time I have had a sandwich from here but the first time I have been in the building.  The last two times I sent somebody else to pick up a sandwich for me.  One of those times I used the internet to order which went flawlessly.

This time, Friday lunch, I had a New York Yankee and a fountain drink ($9.95 with tax).  I took advantage of he excellent weather, 95 slight breeze, to sit outside at a table in the shade.  Their sandwiches are OK and plenty filling.  It comes on a plate with potato chips and a pickle spear.  This place is a chain and while it is consistent in quality and portion size something is lost in the translation flavor wise from a Jewish deli.  While they do better than most sandwich shops I prefer Miracle Mile locally or Greenberg's in Las Vegas.
Stepped in Friday early evening to try the Muffelatta. . OK I guess I had high expectations, cause the only other ones I've ever eaten have come directly from the grand daddy of Muffelatta's straight from New Orlean's, Central Market from the French Quarter. This Verison of the sandwich that Jason's Deli made was a very West Coast approach to the sandwich. I mean it had the olive dressing, and the meat reminded me a little of what the real ones are like, but not really in the same ballgame.. It was a little dry for my liking, and I wish the bun on it was a little more toasted. But if you've got a really tight budget and want a sandwich to feed you for like 3-4 days order it, you can always alter the leftovers at home to your liking. 
The Muffelatta was freakin huge. Like 4 sandwiches in one. Yes you can order the half for 3 dollars less but I like nibbling on my food a day or two later. The sandwich was only $10, and came with a pickle and some ruffles potato chips, and a side, potato salad. I probably won't order the huge sandwich again, just cause it was a little disappointing because I'm used to sorta standard on them, but wouldn't say it tasted bad at all.
For the price and the amount of food you get it's a pretty good deal..
I drove past this place a few times and never gave it much thought. 

I was pleasantly surprised when I finally went inside and discovered a fairly large and pleasant restaurant. 

I got the Sergeant Pepper sandwich - very tasty. You get a lot of good food for a very cheap price. 

I'm a fan.
So I went here for lunch today. This restaurant is very clean and the salad bar is impressive. They have a good selection of sandwiches, salads and my girlfriend swears the soup is the best ever. 

I ordered a half BLT, a side salad (which I made from the salad bar) and a drink, which came to just a little of $10. I guess for $10 I was expecting for my half BLT to be the best ever in the world. It was just ok. Maybe I should try another sandwich next time. I was expecting a little side salad and they gave me a pretty nice size salad bowl to make my own side salad, which by the time I was done making it, it was a full size salad!! Lots of good stuff on the salad bar and I was impressed with the salad dressing selections as well as the cracker selection. They had organic dressing and organic cracker's! 

I will be going back to try the broccoli cheese soup that my girlfriend raves about.
I just love their nutty all mixed up salad.  Every time my boss is in town, he insists that we have lunch here.  It took me about 3 or 4 visits to find what I like..  I think I had a turkey wrap once, and a couple of other dishes (sorry I don't quite remember what..) but this is, in my opinoin, by far, their best dish that i have tried!  They have some great healthy options but it also will not take much to make a 1000+ calorie meal out of their dishes.  Give it a shot if you are looking for a healthy option.
This location is close to one of my work sites and we often walk the 4ish blocks to eat here.  On my last visit I decided on the Salad Bar with a small side of the Chicken Salad.  The Chicken salad was good, finely chopped chicken, pineapple and slivers of almond,  and a bit of mayo.  I enjoyed the flavor and gave me a good idea for those times I do cook at home.  The salad bar...well it was 1130 before the lunch rush and several of the veggie buckets were practically empty and the rush had not even started.  I picked at what they had, which was all fresh.  I can also never pass up these Cracker Crisps they have there, pre-packaged and topped with pumpkin seeds. I find I seek a couple in my purse for my emergency ration.  LOL
I went here for lunch today with some coworkers.  It was about noonish and the lunch rush we beginning but I have to admit the line moved fairly quickly.  I ordered the ruben and it arrived in well under 10 minutes as did the rest of my partys' orders.

I'm giving this place 4 stars as a solid lunch spot, but saying they are a "deli" is kind of pushing it a bit.  They do have some deliesq food, but I just can't call it a deli.  I mean they have wraps, fru fru salads, pictures of Europe on the walls, a salad bar, etc.

For 10 bucks I got a pretty decent sized sandwich, chips, drink and some ice cream so I can't really complain.  The ruben though was just ok by my standards and the other sandwiches looked just ok as well.  The bread was ok, the helping of meat was ok, the sauerkraut was ok.  Everything was ok.  I just compare everything to Chompies which is the closest you can get out here to a real deli and by far my favorite deli sandwich place around.
I went with my husband and 2 kids. I was pleasantly surprised. It was very clean and the food was good. The prices were reasonable. Even my 7 year old liked her food.  I will definitely go back soon. There were so many choices I want to try several things on the menu.
I had heard good things about Jason's. We were in the mood for something different and on the lighter side. I had already checked out the menu online and decided I wanted a Muffaletta. I was a bit confused about the Special which includes a 1/4 Muff, ruffled Potato Chips and a pickle. The cashier said you could have a go through the Salad Bar as the side. The Salad Bar looked very fresh and that was what I went with. Let's just say I hardly ate a light meal. I made a huge salad and added some of their Potato Salad, Tuna Penne Pasta Salad and then got a desert plate and got some of their yummy Fruit Salad and some of the best muffins I have had in awhile. The Muffaletta was huge despite being only a quarter. The Salad was very fresh and the Fruit Salad was tasty as well. The place was pretty slow, but it was an hour before close on a Sunday night. The crowd was predominantly if not exclusively Gay on my visit. I am not sure if this is typical. I will certainly be back to a Jason's Deli soon. I wish they would put one in Central Phoenix soon.
Dined here twice and that will be my last.  Had the Ruben sandwich, meat was very rubbery and sandwich was bland tasting.  Cost me about $10 for a sandwich , some potato chips and a drink.  Not worth it. Probably better to dine at a sit down for that price.
I've eaten here numerous times for lunch.  The staff is very friendly and the place is clean.   What keeps me coming back?  The Chicago club and the Broccoli cheese soup.  This is some of the best broccoli cheese soup I've ever had.  I'll be keeping this place on my lunch destinations
Went there for dinner, the place was pretty empty.
Had a tuna melt and it was hella good.  But I think they are over priced
You will always find eye candy here during lunch! Fire Fighters, business men and even some gym rats.. 

This is my weekday lunch spot when I am sick of Sweet Tomatoes and cheap Souper Salad has grossed me out too much. I love their clean and unique items on the salad bar, Artichokes, hardboiled eggs, sliced almonds, bean salad, pasta, granola, nut mix, hummus Yes Hummus!! all the must have veggies except beets I with they had those.  You have to pay extra for the soup I can honestly say I have never had it but they always have about 5 or 6 soups to choose from a day. 

When I feel like something more than just a salad I choose the Mediterranean wrap with the turkey on the side(I take it home for my dog because I am a pescatarian), then I get the steamed veggies for a side. 

If I dont feel like a pig after the massive salad I create I head to the frozen yogurt and grab a cone and take off.
Friendly service is just the beginning. The food is good, I have not been disappointed yet. Try the chicken chili.
I ate here today. I ordered a "Mediterranean" wrap. It was okay, except for the fact that I had to send it back and have it remade due to the 3 curly brown hairs adorning it as a garnish. That was pretty sick, but the staff was really nice and I liked the fact that they had low calorie options. All in all, it is a commercial space, nothing unique, but a decent place for a casual lunch.
Jason's Deli is a place I go when I need to get out of my rut of Sweet Tomatoes or Chipotle.  I normally get the salad bar and soup.  The salad bar is pretty decent, it has all the stuff you can get at any salad bar.  The french onion soup is good.  I would like a little more onions and for it to be a tad bit hotter but all in all it is tasty.
I love their ham & salami muffaletta-- the toasted sesame seeds on the bun and the tapenade are two of my favorite parts of it. I also love their buttery toast crisps and soft serve ice cream, both of which are complimentary with the meal.
Disappointed!  This place is a half step up from a Subway.  I sure it's ok for those who have not had the experience of a true New York Deli.  The confusion of where to place an order was the first thing I noticed, as well as the next three unlucky customer's.  A deli that does not serve fries; what's up with that? Sorry Jason's Deli, you flunked the test.
OMG on the natural grilled chicken sandwich they use PEPPER which is not part of the description.  I like pepper but in moderation this was way too much.   If this wasn't part of a catered lunch I would be taking it back. If its not on the description don't put it on!!!!
1st time here and have to say the food is good. The only real complaint I have is the portion size of the food. Most other places have bigger portion sizes then here.

The place looked nice and the staff was pretty friendly. Clean and bigger then I thought.

I ordered the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich with pickel and chips. Taste wise, it was delicious with its guacamole and bacon. There was big pieces of chicken with excellent flavor. Not really a big fan of wheat bread, but it was also pretty good. 

Overall........I'll be back with the family and try Porboy Sandwich.
One of the spot my coworkers and I go to for lunch. We usually try to get there before 11am (weekdays) to beat the rush from all the Corporate places near the MetroCenter.  

The deli sandwiches are good.  I usually stick to getting the Amy's turkey-O.  If you plan on substituting a side, make sure you tell them because the cashiers don't normally ask and you'll be stuck with chips.  The salad bar here is very decent for the price.  

Don't forget to get ice cream on the way out!
Great sandwiches and salad bar!
Jason's deli has a great atmosphere and even better food. Their muffalattas are straight out of new Orleans, and their salad bar has a fantastic variety!
My wife and children often to to Jason's to eat. We like it because after we finish we feel welcome to just sit there for a hour and talk. This night it was just my wife and I along with a take out for my son and his wife. 
This was our first time or at least for me to visit this location. We usually go to the Arrowhead location. 
When we got there the place was very cold. a couple of tables of people had their hoodies up because of the cold. I believe it was almost colder inside than out side. The air conditioner was on because you could feel the cold air coming from the vents on your head. It was not that they did not know it was cold as everyone that came in reminded them how cold it was inside. We would of left if it had not been for the order for my son and his wife. We figured we could leave our coats on and eat quickly and leave. Which is what we did. 
My wife got the chicken pot pie soup. She usually gets this at the other Jason's. It came to the table to cold to eat. It was sent back to be heated. My sandwich was good. 

I will be back to Jason's just not this one.
Great sandwiches..alot better than any Subway or Quizno and they have real fresh brewed ice tea, not fountain head, pre-bagged yucky tea.. Sometimes it packs pretty quick during the week, so try to get there before 11am..
I loooove this place! I'm surprised it has mediocre reviews - I've never had a bad dining experience here. Well, if you decide to go, order the Mediterranean Wrap... all you need to know is that it's made with HUMMUS! You also get a trip to the salad bar (which consists of tons of goodies) when you order the lunch special. The girl at the counter is sweet, too... she helped me with my mess of an order (as usual) and substituted everything I wanted. Repeat customer, most def.
Went to Jason's today for a salad.  I ordered the taco salad and expected a green salad with a bit of meat, beans, and salsa.  What I got was a bowl with blue corn chips and a huge scoop of chicken chili and a few lettuce leaves.  No way in hell should this be called a salad!
I haven't eaten at Jason's Deli in a few years, and I felt like doing something different this afternoon for lunch, so I swung in here.  I went with the Yankee half sandwich, French onion soup and a drink, which was quite tasty.  I also got free ice cream at the end! I don't remember them having free ice cream the last time I was here, but dang, that was good.

Overall the place is good.  It's not a traditional Jewish Deli since they don't offer a lot of Jewish foods, such as Gefilte fish, borscht or anything like that.  The sandwiches are big and tasty, plenty of items to choose from and they seem to have a decent salad bar as well.

Overall I liked it here. Not a half bad place.  I will say the staff was nice and friendly, but I got kind of annoyed after a while.  Why do you ask? Well for starters, I'm sick to death of being asked to "fill out a survey" when I'm placing my order to "tell you how I'm doing  UM NO.  I yelp about it, and that's my input.  I'm not signing up for your stupid survey online to win a free cookie/gift card/dumb thing because you want my feedback.  QUIT ASKING.

Secondly, I got asked no less then 5 times by 3 different staff members how my meal was going.  Please, quit interrupting me every 5 minutes to see how the last bite of food was.  IT GETS OLD.  Once or twice?  SURE.  5 times?  STOP IT ALREADY YOUR BEING ANNOYING. I want to sit here, read my book and enjoy the simple respite of having a meal cooked by someone else.  I don't need half the staff circulating hovering over me and my food to make sure that every single bite was scrumptious. I DEDUCTED ONE STAR FOR THIS ANNOYING PESKY BEHAVIOR.  Like I said, if something's wrong, I'll tell you. But more importantly, I don't need to be asked 5+ times if it's going well.

Overall, I like it here. Standard fare deli with a decent reliable menu with good pricing.
I love Jason's Deli, and have never had an issue with this location. It's always clean, and the employees are friendly. I've never had to wait a long time, or gotten a wrong order. Whenever I have the time to sit down for lunch, Jason's deli is one of the first places i'll choose!
Staff are very friendly,food is always fresh and refilled. I wish they would have some type of customer loyalty discount or coupons. Great menu variety and great clean atmosphere.  Pricing could be more competitive..
I have eaten here and at the Chandler location many times. Love the veggie wrap and husband loves everything opposite. High top tables are very nice. Give high marks to service and food. Always count on Jason's!
Visiting from out of town. Although we live near a Jason's deli, I have never eaten at one. I had the "special" pot roast and provolone on French bread. It was outstanding. Reduced by one star based upon the limited guidance provided by the waitress when asking what food was good. I was also not asked if I preferred baked vs regular chips (I would have preferred the former but received the latter).
Good food here.  I love the fact that the line is never that bad, the salad bar is fresh, and the rueben is exactly the way it should be.  I had lunch here with a client today, and I have to say the staff at this particular Jason's deli was very helpful.  I even had a worker come up to me and ask if I wanted something to drink when he saw I'd been waiting a while for my appointment to show up.  That is the kind of service that's going to make me choose JD's over another sandwich place.  The free ice-cream definitely isn't a bad touch either.
LOVE this place! Tried it for the first time, I went in and told the lady that I'd never been there before and she explained all the menu options and even recommended a few things. I LOVED their selection I appreciated her friendliness. Everything looked great, everything I had that day tasted great! Definitely a place I'll frequent!
Went here yesterday with the family to have dinner and it was my first time at this location. I had eaten at the Jason's Deli near Arrowhead Mall may times before. This location was definitely less busy, which can most likely be due to it's location at Metro Center Mall.

The set up was the same as all Jason's Deli locations. The staff was friendly and was ready to take my order right away. I ordered the deli club, which like other Jason's locations was a bit over priced at $8.

After I ordered I attempted to find a place to sit down and I was a little off put by the number of tables that hadn't been cleaned and whipped down. Then when I did find a seat it was in an area where the sun shinned through the window right on me. There were window shades but they did little to help.

When my food came to the table it was right in par with the food I've had at other Jason's Deli locations. The food was good and the free ice cream was nice.

In all the food was good, but a little over priced. The dinning area was unpleasant and dirty. I will be back to Jason's Deli but not at this location. I'll stick to one at Arrowhead Mall.
This is one of my favorite salad places. Everytime I go the customer service is on point. The staff at this location is amazing. I always get the half sandwich and the salad bar. To my suprise the salad bar is always nearly kept and packed with fresh ingredients. I eat hear about 1 timer per week. The peaceful atmosphere is relaxing and easy to enjoy. Keep up the great work Jason's deli!
Jersey Mike's is a Franchise based out of Point Pleasant, New Jersey that just opened in Tempe. I grew up eating at Mike's every summer when my family would go to the Jersey Shore for the month of August. Let me tell you this is the quintessential sub!  
The meat is finely sliced right when you order it, and piled high.
The vegetables, lettuce, tomato & onions are fresh. That's right there isn't a billion ingredients to muck up the taste!
The oil & red wine vinegar mix is AMAZING! With the special blend of spices they add to it...OH MY GOD so good!
The bread is just perfect! Baked fresh daily this bread is soft, and absorbs the juices perfectly.

Once again this is the perfect sub. I am so glad they are now open in Arizona. If you are not sure what to get try the #13 The Original Italian, it is the best tasting in the bunch!
I won't hear anyone attempting to take anything away from the quality of a Jersey Mike's sub. They make a tasty sandwich with seriously good ingredients. Were I reviewing based on taste alone, we would be talking about five stars.

But you can't get out of there with a reasonable meal for anything less than ten bucks. Mike should be grateful that my price-sensitive ass is only removing one star for that.
My fiance and I have had Jersey Mike"s a couple of times and so far we are very impressed. Subs are a food group to him, so I take his opinion very seriously.  The folks that work at Mike's actually take the time to put your sandwich together nicely with a ton of veggies and meat.  It is not like some of the other sub chains where they are trying to play beat the clock and smash your food together with little care or courtesy so you end up with a flat messy sandwich.  The bread is great and the veggies are fresh and ripe, no green tomatoes and wilted lettuce here.  We will definitely be going back!
Count me as one more reviewer that thinks this place is both tasty and overpriced.

#13 Italian ftw
mmmmmmmm....


I friggin love this place.  The greatest damm subs in the whole world. straight from NJ.  I moved here about 4 years ago from NJ and missed this place so damm bad.

It is a little overpriced, but the fresh ingrediants are so far and above any other sub place out here it makes it worth it.

Whether you get a #11, a Cheesesteak, or a Turkey Provolone and Bacon, you will not go wrong.

Wow my mouth is watering right now.
I will agree with the overpriced issue with Jersey Mike's.  Besides that...this is the best damn Philly Cheese Steak I have had in Arizona.  (I am not from Philly, so I admit I am not a pro at the Cheese Steak cuisine)  Everything there is fresh, from the bread to the veggies to the meat.  My sandwich is never a mess..which is amazing in itself. Service is great, even for ASU students working there.  Great location....Really can't say anything bad about the place...it just sucks when there is construction on Scottsdale road and it makes it almost impossible to get there.  (One day it was so bad, I had to settle for Rubios....not a good settle when all you want is a cheese steak.)
This place is a glorified subway. Way overpriced! I went there the first week they opened with a free coupon and I thought I spent too much on the sandwich I got. What really grinds my gears is the review of someone claiming its the best philly sandwich in az, are you nuts! Personally I like PSC in old town the best, but even Corleones, which is not good by any means, still is vastly better than what they serve at Jersey Mikes. Common people you are better than that than to eat at this dump.
I had heard great things about this sub shop, but honestly Mr. Goodcents subs are far better. The problem is the bread. It was hard, crumbly, not flavorable. The tomatoes were slimmy and on verge of rotten. I was also disappointed only Pepsi products and NO DR PEPPER on the fountain. On the plus side the turkey was high quality and sliced to order.
I came here completely on accident. I  wanted a sub, and as usual, Port of Subs was closed on a Sunday.  (dam you port of subs!)  I was driving around trying to find something to eat, and I came across this place I have never tried before.

Its right off the 202 and Rural Road.  Went inside and reviewed the menu, and thought I would place an order.  The menu has a reasonable selection, but its not huge.  Some wraps, subs, and thats about it.

I ended up ordering the turkey and roast beef sub.  I asked about the sizes, and thier sizing chart is so odd! Its like 5 inches, 8 inches or 15 inches.  weird.  I went for the 8 inch roast beef and turkey sub.

I really liked the sub.  It was tasty!  YUM on the bread!  I found it to be flavorful and delicous!!!

But, I found this place to be EXPENSIVE!  WTF $10.35 for the 15 inch sub, before tax?  seriously?  I dropped a few bucks on my 8 inch sub, but I guess the prices were higher then I would have liked to see.   I agree with Andrea that I think this place is a little overpriced.

I will say, the service was wonderful when i was there...but slow.  Even though the staff was extra nice and extremely helpful, I felt like I was watching my sub being made in slow motion.  I would eat here again, easily.
Meh. 

I've been to Jersey Mike's once and only once. I personally help to keep Subway in business and Jersey Mike's didn't steal me away. 

Like someone mentioned, the sizes of sandwiches is pretty odd. I got a 5 inch. turkey sub and some chips and a drink. The ingredients were good, don't get me wrong, but it all just tasted a little bland. Probably won't go back.
Nothing great about this place. They could replace the sign with Subway and I would never know...except that there would be fewer options to top my sub with. They coined the phrase "Mike's Way" in an effort to allow you to order your sandwich in some special and tasty way. In reality, it means lettuce, tomatoes, oil and vinegar...wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. As a vegetarian, this is one of my least favorite sub places since there are not too many toppings for those of us avoiding the meat selections.

I've only been here once and will not be going back.
I was so happy when I saw this chain appear in AZ.  I used to frequent it in CA and have never found another sub that comes close.  

I think the secret to their success lies in the freshness and quality of their meats and cheeses - always sliced to order.  If you are looking for a veggie sandwich - you will be limited here.  But, if you like a hearty cheesesteak or italian sub you are in for a treat.  They also take a bit of a different approach in that they really douse their sandwiches in oil & vinegar.   It is a different approach but seriously good!  The "Mike's Way" option (lettuce, onions & tomatoes) is a bit bland, I love to add the mustard, mayo & pepperocini.

Their signature sandwich is the #13.  It has several flavorful italian meats plus freshly sliced cheese.  Don't judge this place until you have tried that sandwich!  It is unlike any other chain's offering & really amazing.  

Their sandwich sizes are a bit different from the regular foot-long, but if you order the largest size you are getting quite a bit for your money.  I've visited the one that just opened in Chandler and was completely pleased.  And, I'm happy to hear they are now opening one in Ahwatukee.

They also seem to have a high focus on customer service - I've always been met by very cheerful, helpful people.  Not a necessity for a sandwich, but certainly a lot better than the opposite.
on a return visit I was pleased with my turkey sandwich. The manager was sure my sandwich was just right by bringing out fresh sliced tomatoes and fresh bread. Still wish they had Dr Pepper on the fountain.
I have been to many a sub shop in many a place and consider myself pretty well versed when it comes to meat, cheese, and bread. This place is a joke. My parents hyped it up saying it was so great and my experience was horrible. Even if I actually lived in the area and it was convenient to go back I would not. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap. (Yeah yeah I know... I ordered a wrap at a sub shop... give me a break!) First of all, the description says, 'sliced chicken' so I think, okay great, cool, they have deli style chicken not just a chopped up chicken breast! WRONG. My wrap came with chopped chicken... while I watched them make what was soon to be a very disappointing meal I noticed that they put three slices of cheese on the meat while it was on the grill. Where the cheese went when they transferred it from the grill to my wrap I don't know because I was only able to find one gob of it inside the tortilla once I got my hands on it. Along with the MIA cheese, so too followed the buffalo sauce. How you make a buffalo chicken wrap without buffalo sauce is beyond me, I'm still scratching my head. What was the cherry on the sundae for me was the fact that I didn't realize this before we got all the way back to the house, at which point lost the will to do anything about this pathetic thing that I was charged $7 for. Our total came to around $15 with tax of course, but that was for my wrap and my boyfriend's sandwich. No drink. No chips. No sides. RIDICULOUS. Take my advice and go to Charley's, wouldn't get too attached to a place I don't think will be in business very long. The workers are too busy chatting to get your order right.
I dont really care for subs, Because of "subway and the other sub sandwiches locally are AWFUL. So a Friend of mine invited to Mikes, a bit out of the way, BUT worth it. By far the best sub in AZ. the staff was friendly, portion were okay also very clean. Will visit again soon.
I can't believe people are comparing Jersey Mike's to Subway!!!!!!  No way...They slice the meat and cheese right in front of you....it is not all-processed and been sitting in a tub all day like the competitor's.  The produce is always so fresh..and on top of it....everyone is super friendly in there...  Subway does not even come close to comparing!  Sure it is a little pricier ...but I am more than willing to pay more for better tasting, fresher food...
I frequent this place simply because it is near where I work. \

I actually shouldnt say frequent but maybe more than most sandwich shops.

The food is ok, but nothing to make me want to go there vs somewhere else. I thought it was pricey but if you really look around all sub places are expensive.

Its worth a try. Not the best but by far not the worst.
They had this place in downtown Iowa City and I went their in college probably twice a week and thought the meat and bread was great. Even last year I went back and I still thought it was top notch subbery.

I kinda think this place is just new and they don't quite have their act together yet, I just didn't feel it. I'm willing to try it again though.
Jersey Mikes has GREAT subs but still isn't a replacement for Subway. 

While I love their turkey sub, they don't have a very wide variety of sandwich toppings and I don't like their tuna. (I need black olives and spinach! Maybe I'm just spoiled.)

I'll come here for a turkey sub but if I feel like tuna I'll stick to subway.

When I came with my cousin she ordered a sub with nothing but mayo and lettuce on it and after some laughter the guy behind the counter refused to let her pay for such a measly sandwich. When she ordered the same thing at Subway they charged her for a veggie anyways. It was pretty cool of him.
I somehow obtained a coupon for this place so I decided to check it out. I told the gentleman behind the counter that I'd never been there before and asked for his recommendations. I ended up trying the #9 which had roast beef, turkey, swiss, and bacon. They make the roast beef there. Everything was super fresh and yummy and I ended up completely stuffed. They guys that work here are super friendly and they gave me a free cookie since it was my first time. Free stuff always wins me over so I'll definitely be going back next time I'm craving a sub!
Hands down the best sandwich shop! I've been to almost every sandwich shop in Tempe and none of them come close to delivering what Jersey Mike's does.

The quality of the ingredients and the extra care they put into each sandwich is what sets it apart. The lettuce is thinly sliced and never contains lettuce cores. The tomatoes are always red and rarely do I see a green one. The meat is freshly sliced. The bread is never hard or broken, it is baked perfectly. They also have hot subs and I am not talking about microwaved subs. The sub sizes are spot on. I've been to places where their smallest sub could easily feed a whole family. When they apply the condiments they don't over do it, except for maybe oil and vinegar. You can get a mini sub, chips, and a drink for about $7-$8 so it is definitely is lunch doable.

Everybody there is friendly and asks how my day is going. I used to work at Subway years ago and make sandwiches and know a good sandwich artist when I see one and all these people do an excellent job.

I don't know what is wrong with people and what would make them say Subway is better. Subway is like the McDonalds of sub shops. They don't care if you get broken bread, or if your sandwich is caked with mayo, or if the sandwich is so full of condiments that it can't be closed let alone fit in your mouth. Also Subway smells and don't be surprised if you smell like it after you leave.

When this place first opened they gave out free cookies a few times. I don't know if they still do, but it is always nice to see a place that appreciates it's customers. If you go during lunch there is usually a line, but it moves pretty fast. Also if indoor seating gets full, there are seats out back.
I've tried Jersey Mike's Subs twice at this location and once in LA. I love that they cut their meats and cheeses fresh and it always smells AMAZING inside the store. That's really the best part that trumps Subway big time. However, their vegetables really don't compare to Subways in terms of variety and tastiness. They pile on a lot of iceberg lettuce, and that sort of overpowers the sandwich with blandness. I'm a big vegetable person, so it's important to me. But if you're just a meat and cheese person, then Jersey Mike's is definitely better.
A great sandwhich place.  Much better than Subway.  They have hot and cold subs.  I love their Chicken Parm sub and the Italian.  They have a giant size for all you hungry folks too.  The employees  there are also really nice and freindly.  Great place!
okaaaay...!  freaking yumm!  skeptical...just cuz i am... and i'm not a big sub person... too much bread in a carb addicted world w a 5ft bod... took me almost 2 months to check this place out... took awesome advice...order the "#9 mike way"  they cook their roast beef on the premises daily.. i'm a sucker for a good roast beef... won't eat if not worthy...
sooooo good!  ate the whole frickin thing... my friend got the philly cheese steak w jalepeno...darn tasty.....and a peanut butter cookie that i wished would never end.,.  top that off w yummo iced and great service w an affordable price(don't know where other peeps think too high.... for what you get, i'm down w it!) 
only problem....  i need to go back daily to sample whole menu....and i'm already craving another #9 mikes way...see my prob?
def b back sooner than not!
Definitely better than Subway thinking of their meat makes me sick. Anyhoo I always get the Philly with chipotle mayo and it is deeelish!  Jersey Mike's is little expensive and that's why I don't come here a lot but you get what you pay for I can't think of another place where you can get a better sub.
Jersey Mikes is ok, but certainly not a place I would recommend to anyone from Jersey, or anywhere else for that matter.
Unfortunately for Jersey Mike, I've eaten at White House Subs in Atlantic City so my expectations were pretty high. I was sorely disappointed.

The ingredients were good, the dressing above average, and the staff was friendly, however, one of the main ingredients of a good sub is the roll itself and Jersey Mike's bread was way off the mark.
The roll was dry, its shell spongy and not crusty, and there was an overwhelming amount of dry crumb, so much so, not even the dressing would soften it.

For one large sub, two drinks and a bag of chips, the bill came to nineteen dollars.
Sorry Jersey Mike, but a cutesy Point Pleasant sign and dry bread doesn't do it for me. 
I can get the same level of happiness from Subway where for half the price I can get one of their god-awful creations masquerading as a submarine sandwich.
That absolute best sub chain I have ever been in.  Fresh shaved deli  meats and cheeses.  I have not ventured past the RB because it is that good!

Higher priced that Subway ; however quality and quantity is superior!
Whoever likes subway may not like this place. Jersey mike's cut, cooks, & prepare to order, no chilled meat bins here. The sandwiches has the right amount of everything. No one condiment or topping will over power you sandwich of choice. I always recommend getting the sandwiches done "Mike's way". It's tomatoes, lettuce, red wine vinegar, olive oil, herbs and salt&pepper. You don't really need more than that.
Happy Birthday To Me.  
Happy Birthday To Me.
I love getting free stuff!  
Happy Birthday To Me! 

Birthday Freebees - Who would turn their nose up to free stuff?!!?  Not  I!  I had never been to Jersey Mikes, but I know quite a few friends, the hubby included, who have gone and really enjoy their subs.   So, you sign up online via Jersey Mike's website and you'll receive an email a few days before your birthday for a Free Regular 8" Sub and 22oz drink - to redeem on your birthday.  

When I signed up back in December, I figured I'd try it out for free on my birthday.  If I liked it, I would return.  

So I got the 8" Turkey and Provolone on white.  They slice all their meat and cheese right on the spot.  Nice.  Like.  Standard veg choices.  I got lettuce, tomato, onion, bananna pepper, and jalapeno.  Super easy mayo.  Slight dash of oil.  Spices.  Heavy Must---.  Wait.  No Mustard.  I had to do a freaking double take.  What sandwich shop doesn't offer mustard?!?!  You give me a choice - Mustard, Mayo, or Catsup....I'll always choose Mustard. LOTS OF MUSTARD!  Old school mustard...I'm talking French's Yellow, Homes.  Y'a'll can keep that dijon, and other fancy variety krap.  I told them to put Red Wine Vinegar, since I couldn't have my mustard.  I shed silent tears while they finished making my sandwich. 

Now the tasting - A little on the bland side.  Its alright.  But would I pay almost $10 for a 8" sub and a 22oz drink?  Um, I'll pass.  I mean, granted, they pile on the meat.  But that's still kinda pricy in my book.  Thank goodness it was free! 

Will I go back?  Sure.  But only on my birthday.  ;)

Given a Choice:  
Cheba Hut __X__   Jersey Mike's Subs ____ Subway ____ D'Falco's __X__
I walked in and the two people working there were extremely friendly. However, they were out of stock on what I was looking for, so I didn't get to try anything.
Wow I love the sandwiches here.  I just got the turkey hoagie and it was delicious!  Definitely felt like the east coast. :)  It's neat that the meats are in a deli counter and are sliced fresh to order.  I also just noticed a yelp review that you can get a free sandwich on your birthday.  Free stuff is always a plus!
2 things:

1) Ive had better sandwiches at Subway. Their bread is stale, meat is dry, and if you get a sandwich "Mike's way" they *smother* it in oil and vinegar.

2) There were ants all over the drink counter and IN THE NOZZLES. My husband pushed the button for Sprite and got Sprite w/ a power boost of live ants in his glass.

Dirty place, bad food.
Nothing different from a gourmet sandwich shop but pretty good all together.
If you like a juicy sub and you don't mind onions... Ask for your sub to be made Mike's way! It's excellent.
Always a good sub sandwich, great staff.
I've been to this location a few times as this is my "go-to-spot" while waiting to meet people from Craigslist to buy or sell something from people around Tempe.  

I love the way they slice all the ingredients, the meats and the cheese right on the spot according to the sandwich you order.  

They also hot sandwiches here and they don't nuke them in microwaves like they do at subway.  They have a grill!

Jersey Mike's is no-brainer over Subway any day!
Amazing. Fresh deli style meat and great tasting! I LOVE this place. It puts subway to shame, I will drive out of my way to go to a Jersey Mikes!
This is not the same quality as the Jersey Mike's we have in san diego. The roast beef wasn't rare at all and portion was not what I am used to. Overall the sandwhich was good.
OK, I can't stand people saying stupid things like: So and so has a better so and so. 

If you want to do ultimate sub match or a competition, go somewhere else. If I understand Yelp's philosophy right, the idea is to help people decide about a specific place  (specially if the options people give are like 15 miles away). I'm always dubious about people dropping names of other places, it seems kind of fishy or at least silly to me.

Anyways, I've been at this place several times (this location and the one on Chandler) and I've never been disappointed. Great taste, specially if you get the vinegar and olive oil. Will it get a little moist? Duh, it's vinegar and olive oil, what would you expect? Just eat it right away and enjoy.

My favorite is the Italian but since I'm trying to eat a little better, I got the turkey breast yesterday and it was pretty good.

The bathroom could be cleaner, though.
This place is my favorite JM location. Super friendly staff, and they are very fast. The subs are very tasty and hit the spot. Keep up the work guys- you are appreciated.
First  time at this jersey mike I wasn't disappointed. The staff was very friendly and the cheese steak was off the chain. When ever I'm in the area THIS jersey mike will be on my "TO DO" list
When I moved into a new apartment in Tempe, Jersey Mikes provided me with a coupon for a free sub. I was a huge fan of Mr. Goodcents and Blimpie and was fairly loyal to both franchises when I wanted a sub, but since I had a free coupon to Jersey Mikes, I decided to check them out. I'm glad I did. Jersey Mikes may now be my new favorite place to get a sub. I recommend the Italian on Wheat and definitely go "Mikes Way" on the sub.
Just like the rating says on here, they are A-OK. After my second visit here, I am confident enough to say that they are quite simply a traditional sub shop, like subway used to be before Jared waded over and lost all the weight. Lets discuss the pros and cons of Jersey Mikes - Tempe.

~Fud/Drink~
Jersey Mikes, first off, has solid, traditional, sub options. If you want a simple Italian sub with extra olive oil, and tasty Italian meats, come here and munch down. If you want a foofie Hawaiian pineapple open faced mozzarella sub (just made that up, it sounds good) then go elsewhere. Their food options are pretty simple, but the meats help make each sub. Overall, they offer just a a couple of add-in options to your sub and they aren't high quality, especially the lettuce and tomatoes.  The tomatoes are pretty slimy, not super-fresh and the lettuce seems to be of the bagged variety. The bread is average as well, nothing amazing to write home about. The onions actually looked nice, they were presented in their dish all pre-strung, rather than chopped up. They were also white onions, not the traditional red, which I actually enjoyed better on the sub. But once again, the meats...they are great. Overall, its a shame they don't put more stock in everything besides the meat, because they did a good job there. They have no beers by the way, a soda fountain with regular options will do just fine. If you need a beer, Wingstop next store has a number of beers on stock.

~Atmosphere/Service~
The service here is near-perfect. They are fast, friendly and intelligently listen to your order. The sub came down the assembly line and was in the hands of the toppings-adder (what is the title of this person anyway?) quickly. I did take issue with the fact that the pieces of cheese they added on the sub were about as thin as I get at the deli at a supermarket, super-thin, that is. Normally you expect a couple semi-thick slices of cheese, but the provolone slivers they gave me were so small I could barely taste that flavor. After accepting my request for extra lettuce and tomatoes I went and asked for some sides in cups which he dished for me in fast order as well. There is no true ambiance to the place, they have a simple set up with chairs and tables, music isn't a priority. Its a sub-shop guys.

~Extras/Rating!~
They taste MUCH better than the generic Subway. Please just discard Subway and eat at a real sub shop like this one. You get so much more when you eat a spot like this. I do hope JM's takes a look into better quality minus the meat.  They do a real good job at customer service and the management knows how to train their employees well. The subs hold up well against other competitors. However I feel as though I am paying more than necessary for a sandwich that is pretty average besides the items I already laid out for you.  I wish they would let us do take home service of their meats, that would be great. This place is deserving of better than 3 stars, maybe 3 1/2...But we don't have that option, do we ;-) ? Would I come back? YES! I have tried two completely different items, and it seems Italian is the best route. I am not an Italian sub guy per-say, but this is a tasty treat if I am in that mood. Try your best to make your first sub an Italian one, and ENJOY!
Cool people makes a business. And this place has got them all...there is nothing worse than a rude person making your lunch..there needs to be more RYANs like this location has.thumbs up very clean and all the employees were top notch.its like  CHEERS..
That was the worst sub I have ever had in my life (Chicken Parm).  The chicken was rubbery and the bread was mushy as all hell. BUT, my boyfriend's turkey sub looked really good and he confirmed that! It's my own fault for getting a hot sub at a "Subway" type place..plain and simple. 
The place was clean and I like that they slice the meat for subs to order. 
Maybe I'll try something else if I decide to go back.
A-OK. Boyfriend and I used to come all of the time, before we located the nearest Port Of Subs. Sandwiches are good, not great, and they only have like 1 sandwich with chicken ( I'm picky about meat). The place started to gross me out with the smell of the subs when I brought them home.
Visited this location last night with my 10 year old. We had never been in a Jersey Mike's so we were up to try it. The subs were ok, nothing to write home about. The bigger issue was the soda machine and customer service. When my daughter went to fill her soda, she chose Sprite/Sierra Mist, the cup was filled with a clear liquid AND hundreds of ants! We took the cup to the cash register where we stood for over 7 minutes because the associates were in the back. Once the young man came out we showed him what was in the cup and he was also grossed out. He stated he would go clean the soda machine. Never once did we see anyone go clean the machine. We opted for a bottled drink instead. We ate our food and watched 4 other customers fill up their drinks from the ant infested soda machine. They all got dark sodas so I am sure they did not see the ants and continued drinking. This is a problem Jersey Mike's! Gross and I will never go back to one of your establishments.
Have been to this location a couple of times. The staff is always relatively friendly and gets the orders fast. I like how they cut the meat right in front of you. This time I got the Italian sub mikes way. It tasted awesome! There bread is fresh and fluffy. Try also have a student discount and you get chips and a drink for a total of about $7.55. Great deal! I have seen people complain about ants in the soda machine, but I didn't get any in my Mountain Dew. Over all this place is great, clean, delicious and I highly recommend.
Came here tonight and ordered the Super Sub. So delicious. I am kind of biased towards Jimmy Johns subs, but this company loads on a lot more meat on the sandwiches, and they have a larger meat selection. 

They offer a great student discount which includes chips and a drink. I read previous reviews about ants in the soda machine so I was extremely cautious. Inspected the soda, and it was ant free. Yay. 

Will definitely be coming back.
Oh boy. This used to be a good spot to eat. Not after today. When I filled my soda at the fountain there were 3 complimentary ants included. Not the end of the World but when they gave me a bottle instead after advising them of the ant problem they didn't shut it down and clean it at all! Just continued to sell to unsuspecting customers. Gross. I'll be contacting County Health to report. Things happenband I understand, but not cleaning up immediately is inexcusable.
This place was fairly solid. The menu is simple, but I liked it because it had things you can't get at the other sub places (capricola, etc). While I don't have one of these near my home, I would definitely fit it into the rotation if one were to open. The food was good and seemed fresh.. however, I was really put off by the lack of condiments. Mayo or vinegar? You can't even offer light mayo? Just seems lazy... and the lady behind the counter seemed annoyed that I would even bother asking. Oh well, I'd still return.
Nothing special here. Only stopped inside because Mexican place had closed down already next door. The sliced Chicken breast wrap was average, good in a pinch, but nothing I would ever go out of my way for. It had semi sliced chicken heated with salsa, some cheese, onions and lettuce. Wheat wrap was healthier, but at 7 bucks it was a bit overpriced. Not much else, except they have a nice patio out back to enjoy the winter sunshine.
I've always liked Jersey Mike's. There is something about a "wet" sub that intrigues me. Whenever I go I get it Mike's Way.

The service is really good too. I like that they slice the meat and cheese there (even if the turkey doesn't naturally come in a log shape) as it makes me feel like it is just a little fresher than the other guys.

Definitely give it a go.
It wasn't as busy and the service was good, I got the club sub, but just wasn't feeling the sub. I just thought it was ok. Nothing good or bad, just right there with mediocre.
Tasty, toasty subs!!!!

I've just had my first Jersey Mike sub and it was drippingly delicious!!  This spot just opened, i think this week, and it was busy for lunch, but we were in & out in just a couple minutes.

They slice the meat right in front of you and the bread is soft & fresh.  This ain't no Subway!!!  

i highly recommend the Pastrami Reuben, love that dressing, and, Sauerkraut?  unbelieveable!  just wish there was more of everything :-)
I wanted to hate Jersey Mike's.  It  looks like a sterile corporate soul sucking building complete with vast parking lot.  

We went inside and I appreciate that their menu is short and posted in big enough font to be read from 15 feet away.  What was immediately annoying though was we had no idea where we were supposed to go to order.  I don't like feeling dumb.  Makes my food less tasty.  

I ordered a cold turkey sub and my husband got a hot hawaiian philly.  All the employees were friendly but perhaps because of the glass I couldn't understand a word they said.  I ended up getting my sub "Mikes Way" because all I could do is smile and nod whenever any of tem spoke to me.  I was HORRIFIED when she started shaking what looked to be gallons of red wine vinegar and oil onto my sub.  She was shaking that thing like I wanted my sub to actually be a red wine soup or something.  SICK!!  So I was understandably nervous that my sandwich was going to be soggy and vinegary and gross.  

But...it wasn't.  It was sooooo good.  The bread didn't go soggy, it didn't taste vinegary.  I wished I had gotten a second sandwich so I could've inhaled that one too.  My husband really enjoyed his too.  Thankfully we had a few free sub cards because those two subs would've set us back close to $20.     

Points for:  surprisingly delicious food, friendly employees, clean
Points off:  PRICE (omg, only going back if someone else is buying), being unable to understand employees 

*I gave it one $ because if you are cheap you can get out for less than $10, if you are really hungry or get a whole meal or big sub, you are definitely paying more than $10
Not bad, but way too expensive for what you get! My Wife and I had passed this place numerous times, and each trip She'd say, That place has great sandwiches." So, last time we were near She stopped in and got us lunch... OK sandwich, nothing special (Safeway Deli is MUCH better), but it set her back some 14 frickin' dollars! I'll pass.
A couple co-workers and I order lunch from here every Friday on FUN SUB FRIDAY!

The sandwiches are always very yummy, except I notice that the hot subs get soggy after only short time.  And, I am not a huge fan of the wraps.  They put WAY too much dressing on them and they fall apart very easily.

The Italian sub is one of my FAVORITES!  As well as the PHILLY... just as long as you get the bread toasted... that way it doesn't get soggy and make it hard to eat.

I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good fast sub lunch.
I actually went to the Jersey MIke's on West Chandler Boulevard - but the review is general for the chain.

I second the many other reviewers that this sandwich shop is way to expensive for what it provides (approx $1 more expensive then other general sub chains). The toppings are limited, the meat is nothing fancy to make it more expensive, there is only two choices of bread and there is no toasted option. For as much as I paid for my 5 inch sub - I could have ventured over to the nearby souper salad and recieved a more comprehensive meal
Okay where to begin? Urban Spoon App pick. Clean, plenty of places to sit, indoors and outdoors. Already its blowing any Sub/Grinder shop Ive been to out of the water. All the sandwiches I saw being made looked ridiculously good! I had the Big Kahuna which is their Philly Cheesesteak with mushrooms and jalapenos added. Now I dont understand the people complaining about not getting your money's worth? Are you kidding me?? This isnt Taco Bell?? Its a friggin sub shop. $14 for 2  well endowed subs is expensive? If this is too rich for your blood. try the dollar menu at Jack in The Box. Or are you one of those that prefer the entire animal in your sandwich (ex. Miracle Mile/Jason's Deli) Ridiculous! Their "regular" size is approx an 8 inch sub and they're far from stingy. One average sized person will be more than satisfied with a "regular" sandwich???. Seriously to have to order a Large or have chips on top of your regular is just unnecessary spending and overkill on the food front. It's like people are brainwashed into thinking you have to have a side with everything you eat.. Im not cheap Im just not overeating...If you can eat a regular + add ons....you're either planning for leftovers, an athlete, a grown man, trying to gain weight,  or are friggin stoned !  As for other comments about it being soggy. Yes it was a bit but not falling apart or seemingly dipped in au jus soggy. My "grinder" was fan freakin tastic! It reminded me of D'Angelos #7 for all you East Coasters that may be familiar with that chain. LOVED it!
Some friends and I had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon around 12. My first impression, based on the line almost out the door, was "Wow, this place must be good". It took us about 15 minutes to get through the line, too long of a wait for me for a sub. However, the food was good, not great, but good. I got the Original Italian "Mike's Way". The sandwich makers had a hard time keeping the toppings on my sandwich, resulting in a messy lunch. The subs are more expensive here too, so just be prepared to spend twice as much as you would at a subway. I would go back again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for another meal here.
Amazing Subs and KILLER Cheesesteaks! All high quality ingredients and you can taste the difference.  The line can be long at anytime of day but it is worth it. I like it "Mike's Way".
In the fast food sandwich market there are many choices based on taste and your pocketbook. Take Jersey Mike's for instance. They are an east coast brand that has been making it's trek west for a few years now. On a recent visit I ordered their Original Italian w/ extra meat and a small soda which came to $12.29. The sandwich was very tasty and came on a 8" or so size sub. 

I've tried various Jersey Mike's along the west coast and they are all uniformly good, Ray Kroc would be proud.  What makes Mike's unique is the grilling of your meat for you Sub.  They have both a Philly and Hawaiian options, etc. 

The quality of the meats and sub bread seem above average as the prices reflect, but still a good sub!  

***Don't forget to ask for the "stamp card", so you can record your visit ***
Great East Coast Italian subs! Order your sub, "Mikes Way"....it's great!
Friendly owners and staff, go out of their way to be friendly and personable. In fact, my young son is such a fan they recognize him when he comes in. His dream is to work at Jersey Mikes when he turns 16 so he can eat Jersey Mikes every day!
Yummy!
First, let me say that I grew up outside of Philly and I appreciate a quality Sub or Cheese-steak. Jersey Mike's has the best cheese-steaks that I've found outside of PA or CA. Everything is top notch except the roll, that's just a little to soft compared to an Amaroso's Roll from Philly. I also miss sauce for a pizza-cheesesteak. 

As to the sub sandwiches, again the roll is too soft and the selection of deli meats is slim. Hoagie's from Lee's or Slacks in Philly are available with a much larger variety of Itialian Meats.  Even with these limitations, the sandwiches are still good and appropriately priced, Jersy Mikes is not Subway or Quiznos, these sandwiches are of a  far better quality with fresh sliced meats and cheeses, and fresh tasty veggies.

The online service works great too!  I often order sandwiches for dinner before I leave work and pick them up as I drive by.      

Stop in and try the cheese-steak, or a '13', Original Italian for lunch and you'll be a Mike's fan too!
My hubby is a big sub fan & Jersey Mike's is one of his favorites. We were in the area on Sunday & decided to have lunch here. We were warmly greeted by the employees & looked over the menu. Hubs chose #7 (turkey & provolone) giant size & I chose #6 (roast beef & provolone) mini size. We both chose white bread, he got all the fixins & I went the boring route with just lettuce & mustard. We both made our meals combos by adding chips & sodas. What I found awesome was that they support Susan G. Komen for the cure (breast cancer organization) & were selling pink cups for 70 cents more, with all proceeds going to their cause! Any how, the meats & cheeses are sliced fresh right in front of you & it makes their subs that much better. The bread is very delicious as well. Total for everything was less than $25, a lil on the pricey side but they blow Subway & other similar places out of the water! Plus, my hubby's sub was so huge that he made it into his dinner as well.
Great sandwiches!
The subs I loved when I was a kid at the Jersey Shore have now gone global!! I've been a fan of Jersey Mike's Subs since it was Mike's Subs In Pt Pleasant, NJ.

OK, the bread isn't from Baldanza's. Phoenix is a long way from Long Branch, NJ. However, it's fresh and stands up to the oil and vinegar. My recommendation: if you like Italian cold cuts, the #2 or the #5. The cheesesteaks are the best you're gonna find outside Geno's in Philadelphia. Unless it's a "hot sub," ask for it "Mike's Way." You'll be glad you did.

This isn't Subway. There are no $5 footlongs here. However, the sandwiches here are much larger and, unlike Subway, the only turkey cold cuts at Jersey Mike's is the turkey breast. The meats and cheeses are all sliced to order and their quality is first rate. You can taste the difference. 

The employees are great. If you go in there more than a couple of times, they recognize you. They're great with kids. There are a couple of televisions (at least one is always tuned to "Sportscenter"). The soda is unlimited and they accept credit cards.
OK,  This is the final word after my 2nd experience at Jersey Mike's.

I got the Chipolte Philly sub again and it fell way short. This time I did not waste the calories and only choked down half the sandwich.

Whoever made it went way overboard on the chipolte mayo or sauce they use and again the meat was lost in the colossal bread bath.

Been there twice and will NOT return. I sure hope the other sandwiches are better than the Philly, but I am not going for round 3 at this joint!
Fresh food. Bread was super soft and the meat was sliced right then and there. I love this place. A little pricey but worth the quality.
I love this place and eat here too often. They can have some long lines, but it moves quick. The employees are very frriendly. Love all the TVs that are always on sports. The subs are amazing. I get either the club or the Big Kahuna, both are awesome. They're definitely on the pricier sub, but if you want a $5 footlong with processed cold cuts and stale bread, you know where to go, if you want a good quality sandwich, Jersey Mike's is for you.
I love Jersey Mikes! Great quality meat and fresh toppings made the way you like it. I crave their sandwiches and eat here all the time. The bread is moist and perfect ratios on the sandwich, so perfectly filling. The staff is awesome and I look forward to my next visit. I may go there tomorrow in fact! Also, I ordered a tray on super short notice for a wedding getting ready meal. The staff made it happen and everyone at the party kept asking where they were from- it was that good!
I gave this place a second chance and had the same poor experience as I did the first time, leading me to believe there is a pattern.  

The service is incredibly slow. There was only a couple of people in front of me and they seemed to be friends of the staff. So the staff decided to chit chat for an exceptionally long time rather than moving them through and helping me with my order. Definitely not happy with that, especially since it happened BOTH times I visited. 

Next comes the food and I have to say I was very disappointed. The bread was very dry and stale. Really poor quality that I am surprised they actually served. This also happened BOTH times I visited. I couldn't really get beyond that to comment on any other part of the sandwich.

Needless to say,  I won't be visiting Jersey Mike's again and putting myself through a needlessly long wait to get stale bread. If I could give them negative stars I would.
I came to know this place because my boy suggested we stop by here for lunch the other day. My first impression? It was simple, clean, and humble. I got the club sandwich "Mikes Way" and to be honest I was very surprised at the amount of flavor it kicked. So here is a break down of my experience.

Pros:
1. The place was clean and homey.
2. The employees were courteous and polite.
3. The food was actually really good and didn't have the gritty industrialized taste like Subway sandwiches have. Very fresh and everything is prepared in front of you, even the meat is sliced to order.

Cons:
1. They overdid the sauce. 

If you are not aware what "Mikes Way" is, it is the option of getting olive oil, vinaigrette, onion, tomato, lettuce, and different herbs and spices in your sandwich. It is delicious, so don't get me wrong when I complain about this. However they over oiled my sandwich causing it to go very soggy, very fast. By the time I finished a half of my sandwich and moved to the other, it was falling apart like no ones business. It became a hassle to eat the other half. This is the only negative thing I could find about this place hence 4 stars instead of 5 stars. Over all the experience was fantastic but make sure if you ask for "Mikes Way" to ask them to go easy on the sauce.
I'm a fan of the chain but I am really tired of this location getting my order wrong. I ask for mayo. NO mayo. I ask for sweet peppers, I get hot. I ask for it to not be Mike's way and it turns out Mike's way. Going somewhere else.
Part of my quest to eat something that's not available in Flagstaff after lacrosse games in Scottsdale. Decent sandwiches, good hard working service. Not much variety, but I am not a very picky eater. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, kinda $$$ for sandwiches.
Their #13 Italian sub is consistently the best sandwich I have found. Fresh sliced in front of you, piled on with the right veggies and the juice is just enough that blends the sandwich together.
Not sure what the hype is all about. 

I got the cheesesteak with chipotle sauce; she got the Italian "sub in a tub."

Her sub in a tub was literally all the ingredients of a sub, in a plastic container, no bread. Does that bother me? No. So why am I making a big deal about it? Because its nothing special. We had it prepared "Mike's way," which meant it was sprinkled with petrified, flavorless oregano flakes, and dressed with oil and red wine vinegar. Mehh. 

The real train wreck was the cheesesteak with chipotle sauce that I ordered. The chipotle sauce was basically some form of heavy, gooey dressing, which sat in my stomach like a rock. For four hours. I felt nauseous the whole time. I have no idea how a cheesesteak with provolone cheese could have possibly turned out like this. 

And yes, I spent many years in NJ, so I know a thing or two about good subs. 

Not a fan. Sorry.
Another decent sandwich shop in an area loaded with decent sandwich shops.   I've tried the veggie sub, it's not bad but they are extremely cheap with the cheese (2 or 3 slices on the two veggie subs I've had from there) but I like that they have whole wheat sub rolls and they have a tasty cherry pepper relish.  I tried a few bites of the Philly which I thought was delicious.  Husband loved their super sub.

I would make a point to stop here for the cheese steak but would go elsewhere for my cheese sub.  They charged us for two extra bags of chips the last time I was there which was annoying but not the end of the world, I'll make sure to check my receipt next time.  

Their website needs improvement too, I didn't see all of the sandwich extras available until I tried to order online.  They want a credit card number to order online too - obnoxious.
1.5 stars, only for the food. 

this is *consistently* the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced. I've been here roughly 5 times and the guys behind the counter are always dicks. Every single one of you. I hope you read this too. 

Not a single one actually cares about the customer, while I'm not asking you to be friendly, hell you don't even have to talk to me, just don't act like a dick! It's really really easy. If subway is beating you in customer service, just close your doors. 

The worst part is that I see the attitude of the employees coming from the top down. The manager also, does not care. The store is consistently dirty, service is super slow, and the employees talk down to you and make fun of for not having it "mikes way". 

Oh here's the best part, do you want oil and vinegar on your sandwich? I hope everyone else does too! Because any lettuce that falls off the sandwich that has oil/vinegar on it, goes back to the lettuce bin with all the other "fresh" lettuce! I have seen this multiple times. Pretty sure this is against health code. 

The employees seem to have an attitude of "the customer is always wrong" approach. Don't want it mikes way? What's wrong with this idiot? The guy making my sandwich literally rolled his eyes when I asked for different cheese. Um, ok? Is it more work to use one cheese instead of another? 

Multiple times I have ordered cookies, and literally half the time I have to remind the guy I just told 10 seconds ago, that I ordered cookies. "Yeah, can I have a small drink and two cookies?" No cookies, every time. "Um, can I have my cookies please?"   "oh yeah, sorry bro, my bad"  yes, it is your bad, every time your bad, and you just don't care. What's worse? I've gotten WRONG cookies multiple times! Like, what? I don't even... how is this possible? Do you just throw any random cookie in a bag and hope it's the one I ordered? I WISH i was exaggerating!
We LOVE   Jersey Mikes! We love the club sub Mike's Way!! If you think Subway makes good subs, then you will just die when you eat a Jerzy Mike's sub!!! The taste is completely different, it's like comparing apples to oranges! 

Also, the employees will laugh and joke with you! I don't know if that's part of their job description, but I like it! They always remember me & they always give me a free cookie with my sub. 

The prices are much higher that Subway, but for what you get, the price is actually lower! Not to mention that it is SO much better!!! Once you try Jerzy Mikes, you'll never go back to Subway again!!!
Jersey mikes is so good I have there points card I've gotten two free subs already with enough points
Fast, polite, professional but funny group of people.  Makes for a fun lunch hour.  Their quality ingredients stand out at first bite.  I hit this spot about once a week because you can get any sandwich as a wrap or a salad....and it still tastes just as good.  Highly recommend you try this place out.  Jersey Mikes puts Subway, Blimpies and Schlotzkey to shame in my humble opinion.
Good food and pretty fast lunch. The gal with blonde hair ( manager I believe ) is always in a great mood. Very friendly. I keep waiting for one of these guys to take off some fingers with the meat slicer. As long as it's not on my sandwich I guess. 

Try the #17 mikes way.
Miracle Mile???  

A Half An Inch is more like it.  Heard good things about this place.  Someone said their pastrami sandwiches were awesome.  So, in all fairness I didn't try their pastrami, but the BLT.  The thing came out on white wonder bread (not toasted so at least some of its 'flavor' could have been burned off) with a glob of mayo in the center of the bread with exactly 3 slices of bacon (not the thick kind) and one measly ice burg lettuce...you get more lettuce than that on a McDonald's burger. Speaking of Mickey D's, my BLT came with as many fries as their small kids Happy Meal, which is actually less than a small on their regular menu.  On top of it, the sucker cost $7 bucks...
holy crap, i think i died and went to hell.
Meh.
Maybe it was just that we decided to dine in 10 minutes prior to closing, but I was definitely not impressed. I had not been here in ages. Probably 10 years, maybe 15. No exaggeration. I remember nothing but good things about Miracle Mile. I remember being excited to come eat here. 
So one night while shopping at Arrowhead with a friend, I got a sudden craving for a pastrami sandwich with coleslaw and Thousand Island dressing. I was very excited to walk in and find that it was on the menu! I didn't have to special order it!
It was a good size sandwich.  Big enough that when cut in half, you still have to use both hands. I took my first bite and was immediately disappointed. Not that it was bad. It's just that I had fond memories of this place and I was really expecting something near the level of perfection of the #19 at Langer's in Downtown L.A.....or at the least Like Gandolfo's in Tempe. Nope. It was nowhere near as good as either restaurant.  It was just okay. The bread had a slight toughness like it was day old bread. The meat was chewy and lacking flavor. The coleslaw was really good and had the perfect crunch. The flavor of the coleslaw was not strong, but still masked the flavor of the pastrami. I will stick with Jason's or Heidi's next time I have a hankerin' for another deli style sandwich.
I Dont get the other reviews but this place rules.  Have eatten hear many times and its always really good.  I always get the pastrami on a onion roll,  thin sliced pastrami the way it should be on a nice soft fresh onion roll.  A bit pricy for a sandwich $8.25  but worth it.
I've always loved this place.  Great food great atmosphere. love the straw
Sooo Sad that this location has been closed. Now we have to drive to the one located in central phoenix.
I love port of subs!  OMG this place rocks!  Everything here is fresh on site.  The bread is cooked and fresh, and they have white, wheat and Sourdough.  They have 3 sized subs, and a menu a mile long.  They have 18 cold subs to choose from, and some hot subs to choose as well.

They cut the meat as you order your sandwich. Not predone like other lame chains that shall go unnamed.

I usually get a #18, which is Roast Beef and Turkey with cheese.  mmmm, tasty.  I usually order a really big sub, eat half there, and take the other half home to eat for later.  I like it here because I really feel like I get a lot of food for my money.

There are two reasons why I gave them 4 stars.  First, this location has really crappy hours.  They close early, and sometimes, I can't get to them before they close.  I think they close at like 6PM or something.  booo!  Who are you catering to with this schedule?  I think they should be open until at least 8 PM.  so, points lost for crappy hours.

The other thing I am docking them for, was I had a bad service experience there today.  There were 3 people working behind the counter that I could see.  One girl slicing meat, one guy running the register, and a third guy doing stock and stuff with bread in the oven.

Well, since I got the combo meal which includes a beverage and chips, I went to the chip area and it looked pretty hit and wiped out.  The only chips left were the crappy flavors that I do not like.  I want plain chips, thats all.  I didnt want jalapeno (stomach doesnt like it) nor did I want the Dill flavored either.  I asked the gentleman who was doing bread and stock if he had any plain chips available.  He was rather snappy with me and said "if we had them, they would be out there.  Whatever we have is on the shelf."  He quickly blew me off, and I was aggrivated.  He told me to look at the other chip stand to see if I could find what I was looking for. 

Fortunately, I got my plain chips, but nothing irriates me more then the annoying response of "If we had it, it would be out there."  Bullsh!t! Your just to lazy to go look.  I know you have cases of chips in the back, so stop stocking your cups and get me some chips.

Aside from the snotty stocker guy, the other two people working there were wonderful.   The register guy wrapped one half of my sandwich for me to go, and served the other one for me to stay and eat in the resturant.
I thought I loved Port of Subs, but I was wrong.

I currently sit eating the Vegetarian sub (3rd time I have had it) and I am super disappointed. The bread is really dry, despite the fact that I have oil, vinegar and mayo on it, and it is pretty tasteless.

The cheese is good and the fact that you have multiple size options is cool, but the sandwich is really blah and unimpressive. 

Blimpie, Cousins or Subway are all way better. ... but if you are over in this area go to Lee's Sandwiches on Dobson/Warner instead. It's worth the 5 mile drive.
Yummm... 
Good alternative to Subway. I get tired of the dry wheat bread at other places. 
They've got a bunch of sandwiches, and the meats & cheeses are always sliced fresh in front of you. (So nothing that's been sitting around for a while.)

They've got a delicious "Mix" spread - - which is mayo and mustard. And a variety of "value" sandwiches... starting at just over $3.00. 

Staff is friendly.. and quick service. :)
If you're looking for a cheap fast spot for lunch this is a great stop for you... I have ordered the following.
No. 7
Roast Beef & Provolone Cheese
No. 13
Peppered Pastrami, Turkey & Swiss Cheese
No. 3
Salami, Turkey & Provolone Cheese
No. 1
Ham, Salami, Capicolla, Pepperoni & Provolone Cheese
All of them were pretty good I will be back sometime when I want a cheap sub.
Do not think all Port of Subs are alike.  This location is AWFUL.  We've had bad service more than once.  We won't go back after the second time.  The bad service was unbelievable.  They actually argued with my co-worker over what she wanted on her sandwich and got really testy.  Just absolute jerks, I can't say it enough.
I wish I could give this place zero stars.  I had the NY steak and cheese on  ciabatta and I'm pretty sure that dog food would have tasted better.  It honestly tasted like old meat.  You couldn't even taste the cheese.  Eww...just thinking about it is making me nauseous.
I'm always willing to drive out of my way NOT to go to this place. The subs aren't bad but i'd so much rather have a Jersey Mike's sub. Something about the bread and those wonderful spices...
Went to the Warner Rd. location today because my son insisted and the service at 11:30am was friendly and efficient. 
The Turkey & Provolone on wheat was kinda bland, but I do love that they have Coke Zero (J.Ms doesn't...Boo!).
Fast service and good food.  Great for a quick turn lunch.  Their new loyalty rewards card is pretty cool too.  You regiter it online and rack up rewards points for free food later.  Kind of novel for a sub shop.  Only down side is that I think their prices are a little high compared to other sub joints.
I ordered a 2 foot sub and the manager enters it into the register as two 1 foot subs which is more expensive.  Okay, cool, accidents can happen.  As I lean in to correct him, he hastily slides my card and crumples my receipt as soon as it pops out of the machine.  He then throws it in the trash all while avoiding eye contact.  I was a bit speechless and stunned.  Really?  Over less than two dollars?  He couldn't be that petty could he?  The more I thought about it the more irritated I got, but I decided to give him the benefit of the doubt.  Perhaps it was an honest mistake and I'm not one to jump to conclusions nor squabble over two dollars.

But, ten minutes later, another customer orders a 2 footer and calls him out on the same shananigans.  I lost my appetite and wondered what else this manager would do to scrape by a few dollars.  At the least it explained the dry, old-tasting sandwiches.  Yuck..

Bottom line, avoid this one.  Fresh sliced gimmick with a side of dishonesty.
Food is average subs if you're looking for that kind of thing but their register does math wrong and overcharges. Rang up $24 for a $19.99 family meal. Employees are idiots and said that was tax. 20% tax? I think not...

Shady business practice...won't be back.
This was a first time trip for me to Port Of Subs. The people were friendly, my sandwich was great and reasonably priced. I definitely be going back.
Man, they've got some really dry nasty bread.  I wanted to like this place, and the meat is actually pretty good.  I was eating my sub on wheat noting how dry the bread was when I tried a bit of my wife's sourdough.  I only thought mine was dry, the sourdough was terrible.  Oh well.
Tried this place for the first time recently. Pretty good, and my sandwich was made just the way I like it. Also, they have Coke Zero, which is a BIG hit with me...any place that offers that scores a BIG thumbs-up! 

Ordered lunch online and went to pick it up. The place was fairly busy when I got there, which was fine. They had everything ready and loaded up for me. All I had to do was pay and pick out chips and fill the drinks. They even boxed everything so I wouldn't have trouble getting everything into my car. I like that idea a lot!

They are trying to get delivery service up and running so once they do I will have to utilize that.
I will definitely spread the word about this place to anyone I know looking for a new sub shop to try.
I'm not a fan of this place. The food wasn't very good and it was overpriced compared to other sub places. The service however was very friendly and the store was nice and clean.
Will not be back.

I started having lunch here every day last week (10/30) and was going to continue but then the Manager gave me a hard time about not honoring the HON discount when I forgot my badge today -- went on to TELL me to wear my badge on my shirt "in a noticable location moving forward or I would not receive the discount".  

Realy? Not smart -- my daily lunch business is going next door to the Greek place.
Port of Subs is decent. It is not great, not bad, just okay. They do freshly slice meats and cheeses which is a step up from the pre-packaged, slimy looking meats that they serve at Subway. On my most recent visit I had a buffalo chicken grilled sandwich with ranch and jalapenos. It was served warm, pressed like a panini. I was hoping that it would have deli sliced chicken and not pre cut chicken pieces but it had the chicken pieces. I have had bad experiences with this type of meat in the past so I was a little worried. To my surprise, it was very tasty. I have also had the Italian #1 sandwich here which is also very good. The bread is not the best I have had but not bad.

I have had pretty good customer service when I have been in. I do feel like the sandwiches here are a little overpriced for what you get. For a small sandwich, chips and a drink it comes to around $9.00. I think that is a little much for the quality of food that you get. Overall Port of Subs is an okay choice if you are wanting a sandwich in this area. There are a few other good options in this area as well. Not sure whether I will be back or not.
I work right up the street from this Port of Subs and decided to give it a shot since I was burned out on my usual rotation.  I really like it, nice change of pace.  Very tasty number 5, turkey, ham and cheese.  Service is fast and friendly.  Lots of room, easy to get a seat even during busy times.  Will definitely be back, frequently.
After reading so many negative reviews about this place, I feel it is my duty to set the record straight. Port of subs is without a doubt, my favorite sandwich spot. Subway could learn some things from these folks....like....SOFT BREAD and FRESH MEAT. Every sandwich that I get here tastes incredible and is made with fresh ingredients. For me, the bread makes a sandwich and the bread that they use is always super soft and delicious. They have this mix of mayo and mustard that is perfect on a sandwich and compliments all of the meat and veggies. 

All of the workers here have been very friendly, given my son free cookies once and been very gracious to us. They even deliver and said that they would deliver to us in Casa Grande. I haven't attempted to call their bluff but the fact that the manager said that they would is crazy awesome. 

I had never tried the meatball sandwich there and the manager brought me one to try just cause I had mentioned that I was curious. That's the kind of service that I love and that brings customers back. 

This is THE best place to get a sandwich. My wife and I both love this place. BUILD ONE IN CASA GRANDE! I can't take any more subway or jimmy johns!
I stopped here tonight because my favorite sub place just over the freeway, AZ Sandwich Co, was out of bread. Never again. This place cost almost twice as much, and had about 1/3 of the meat. The bread was chewy, and the toppings didn't look very fresh.
They were fast and friendly. I got the roast beef and it was delicious!
Excellent place to eat for lunch (or maybe even dinner). 

This is a new casual eatery opened on Gibson Rd in Henderson. This is near my work, so I decided to try it out since I've heard good things about its California locations...

Well, I am usually not a big meat eater...but this place was excellent!!! Just like the name implies...you get pastrami here in addition to other succulent sandwiches.

The portions are HUGE!!! I got a "small" which felt like an XL pastrami. I am originally from the East coast, so let me tell you when I say that it was the best pastrami that I've ever had, it means a lot. The meat was tender, but not too much so, spicy but not overkill. Rye bread is delish and made fresh--you can really taste the freshness in this place from bread to meat--everything is super fresh and top notch.

The prices are a bit high for a sandwich place, but considering sandwich sizes and quality, it is worth it.

I also tried their liver sandwich, which was excellent as well.

With each sandwich combo, you either get a side of potato salad (pretty good, but not ground breaking in taste), cole slaw, chips or fries. Fries are excellent dinner-style and taste great!!!

Overall, I am glad that this place opened. It is definitely one of the best lunch stops out there. I would even try it for dinner if I ever so desired...
First of all, I really wanted to like this place.  I've read such positive reviews and I was really looking forward to a great pastrami sandwich.  

I ordered an original pastrami on a french roll with potato salad and a soft drink.  The total bill was $12.88, so I would say a little on the expensive side.  The french roll and the pastrami were both very dry.  I had to keep adding mustard to moisten it up a little.  After every few bites, I had to keep taking a drink just to put moisture back in my mouth.  I've heard they make their own rye bread, so maybe that is better?

The potato salad looked good, but the seasoning they use is heavy on dill.  I don't like dill at all, and so that is all I could taste.  If you don't mind dill, you might like their potato salad.

By the end of my meal, I had most of the potato salad and the two ends of the dry french roll left on the table.  I ended up eating the rest of the meat plain.  

Maybe I just caught them on a "bad" day?  But judging that I was there around Noon (the lunch hour), and there were only three other people eating,  shows that this is not a local favorite.
Really not even worth one star. As a transplanted new yorker I know my pastrami ( Katz's and Carnegie deli)  I ordered the deluxe pastrami sandwich what I got was the most tasteless and dry and blandest sandwich I have ever tasted it was the same taste and texture of sizzlelean. The rye bread was not that great either. It's a disgrace to call themselves a NY style deli. I took one bite and took the rest home to my dog and he even stcpuck his nose up and would not eat it. SAVE YOUR MONEY.
I wasn't a fan of the place. Not trying to be rude, the bread was stale. When we walked in there was only one other person during the lunch hour. Our order had several mistakes too. I would be hesitant to come back after this.
Worst place for a pastrami sandwich I ever went to, the pastrami itself was tasteless and bland it was not even pastrami it had the taste and consistancy of sizzlean, an insult to call this dried out jerky new York pastrami. Shame!!!
This place is a joke. The meat taste like it had been sitting under a heat lamp since the 80s. I am still thirsty from it being so dry. Please don't be tricked like i was by the clever name, and nice exterior. 
I want my money back ! If you want a Real , tender , zesty and taste-full pastrami ,Go to the Yardhouse at Town center.
Wow! What a great deal for lunch.  This joint is a Vietnamese sandwich place, very tasty.  I wouldn't say it's a nice sit down sandwich place but the sandwiches are great.  I've tried the bbq pork, beef, and combination so far. They're all so so good.  Would recommend this for a good cheap lunch, or even order a bunch for parties. I would. :-)
Well, you're looking for a bite to eat when you're out and about in downtown Kitchener, and you don't have a lot of cash?

Givral Deli to the rescue!

Their specialty is the Vietnamese sub that's known as the Banh Mi.  Tasty and filling, and starting at only $2.75 plus applicable taxes each, a much better deal than most downtown take-out places.

I personally enjoy the BBQ Pork, and I heartily recommend it!  Others have also enjoyed the Chicken Teriyaki.  Like most Banh Mi, there is julienned strips of carrot, slices of English cucumber, entire sprigs of cilantro or parsley and whatever filling that you ordered.  You can also get hot sauce if you so desire, in addition to the special mayo sauce that's standard to this sandwich.

Now that you've had a bite to eat, you can get back to enjoying all of the things downtown Kitchener has to offer, and it doesn't have to cost you more than the change in your pocket.
My favorite place to grab a sandwich - period.  BBQ pork banh mi is amazing, and my vegetarian wife loves the tofu banh mi. Everyone I take here goes back. 

A bit divey and dirty but get over that and enjoy an amazing sandwich.
OMG!!!! The BEST Banh Mi in LIFE!
I suggest the BBQ pork make is spicy!!! Don't be a baby :P
Amazing authentic Vietnamese Subs.  A must try.  Amazing value.  Usually go for the #1 bit can't go wrong here
You can't judge this place by the looks. I avoided it for a couple years because I just couldn't get past how it looks, but the food is really fantastic. It's simple and cheap, but really good. 

The BBQ pork and chicken satay tend to be my mainstay favourites, but I've tried most of the others and they've all been good. Givral is one of the reasons I'm grateful for working downtown Kitchener.
This is our local Costco store. There are larger Costco stores out there, but it is a good size for our area. We have found that the store has great selection for the size of the store. 

You need a membership to shop at this store, and it costs $55 a year for the membership, plus HST. My wife and I have the executive membership, which is more expensive, but gives a 2% cash back. We have found that this works well for us, as the reward is greater than the amount that we pay extra for the executive membership, which is $100, plus HST. 

The staff is friendly and helpful, and have always been attentive and answered all my questions. There are times when the store is very busy and there is a long line up for the cashier to check out. 

There is a tire centre at this location and they also refill propane at the tire centre, which is competitively priced. There is also a pharmacy at this store as well. There is also a deli and we have purchased excellent catering platters from this location. Finally there is a fast food restaurant in the store, and you can get a hot dog and a drink for only $1.99 plus HST. 

What I like most about Costco is that they stand behind their products, and have always answered any questions I had with my purchases. You can returns items that you have purchased, no questions asked. This even extends to their memberships, which you can get refunded at any time.
This review is solely for the Optometrist office of Costco...  Not to be confused with the Optical department.
I will preface by saying that the Optical department is actually quite awesome!  They are fast and friendly, and quite knowledgeable.  No issues there!
HOWEVER
I made an appointment with the Optometrist department to have a check-up.  I happened to arrive really early, so I poked my head in to see if there was a possibility that they could take me sooner than my appointment, in hopes of saving their and my time.  Unfortunately I was huffed at by the oh-so-pleasant receptionist (I will discuss her in a moment), and told to come back at my scheduled time.  Fine, no problem to me, I'll just do some walking around inside Costco to kill time.
So I return to the Optometrist office - on time, mind you - and have the pre-test completed by the receptionist.  I'm not sure why they let her do it since she can't, or doesn't know how to do it right because she told me she'd have to get the Optometrist to do it for her.  Now the good part.  I'm inside the room getting my check-up, and the Optometrist puts some drops in my eyes at the end, and instructs me to wait five minutes in the waiting room and she'll bring me back in to finish up.  She brings me back in after five minutes, finishes up, and I'm good to go.  I get two steps outside the door when my husband, whom was accompanying me, told me that while I was being examined by the Optometrist, the receptionist was LISTENING TO OUR CONVERSATION WITH HER EAR PRESSED TO THE DOOR.  My husband was extremely uncomfortable with that, and he suggested to her to not listen to our conversation, and she blatantly replied, "I am privileged to listen to their conversation".  I turned right around and went back into the office and confronted the receptionist with this information, who admitted to having listened with her ear to the door.  WOW.
I'd like to mention that her actions were likely due to the fact that she wanted to be done early as clearly displayed by her ear to the door (perhaps to see if we would be done soon?), lunch bag and purse neatly packed up sitting on top of the desk, tapping her nails, and my husband said the driver of her ride (waiting outside) had come in and checked to see if she would be done soon.  
Please think twice before using the Optometrist office!  The receptionist might be listening to you!!
went to get my eye glasses at costco. the price is unbeatable except sears are having huge sale on glasses lately. completely satisfied with my new glasses. it took 6 calendar days to be made.
I have to say, I love Paradise Bakery. I love the fire roasted tomato soup and the turkey cranberry.

I have had the opportunity to deal with several locations but this is the one (aside for the airport location) that I eat at the most. It's tasty, quick, and reasonably priced. This particular location is large with plenty of seating and free wi-fi. Tonight my husband and I stopped in to grab dinner. They have added some new menu items, like paninis. I ordered the chicken artichoke panini and I have to say, I'm still devoted to the turkey cranberry. He got the potato soup and the roast beef sandwich. 

I've also had the opportunity to order from Paradise Bakery for catering. The delivery people were always on time, friendly, and the food was fresh and tasty. When you're ordering last minute sometimes, it always helps to deal with a staff that is familiar and knowledgeable which they are. 

Best of all...the cookies. I'm a sucker for the chocolate chip cookie that comes with each sandwich.
Someone please, please tell me why these places are so popular.  I really don't get it.  The food is very, very average.  The place has no edge and nothing sets it apart.  Why would anyone go to these places?  Why not find a good deli or local coffee shop?   To be fair, they have good iced tea but that doesn't exactly require a master chef.  I hate how poeple frequent mediocre establishments in this town just because they are everywhere.  Support local, everyone...please...
I have been eating a lot of sandwiches lately, I can't help it tho, they are good. 

Paradise would rank somewhere in in the lower half of my preferred sammys. I must explain tho.... 

I eat there quiet frequently, as they are conveniently located in just about every mall, and down the street from anywhere I would be, BUT the convenience and decent food is the only reason I pick PB. Their Wall-nut Chicken Salad sandwich is my fave, tastes good and pretty filling. My mom had the Chinese Chicken Salad the other day and said bland was an over statement for this ordinary blah salad, "It needs something." is how she described it, even after she added cranbarries, salt and papper and more dressing. 

I will say tho, I almost want to add a fourth star for their chipper cookies. So yummy! Perfectly moist and the perfect size for a quick sweet bite. Great price too, I think it's like $4 for a dozen or something. 

Overall PB is good, fast service and a decent mean, but use it for your second choice or backup plan.
This is my new Panera for lunch.  Came in with a friend... got the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad.  Both were yummy and filling and you even get a freshly baked cookie with it.  My husband has told me that the staff room at his worked always has a box of their cookies out and now I know it's because the cookies are awesome.  They are the crunchy around the outside and soft and gooey on the inside like fresh baked cookies your grandma makes.  I like it a lot and will be a repeat customer.
I'm not getting what drives so many people into this place.  Went in there because the other restaurants around this place (strip mall) didn't offer any healthier options.  I tried to eat decently so I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad.  
Paid $6. Waaaaayyy overpriced.  Got a small bowl of somewhat brown cabbage.  A few crispy noodles.  A few little chunks of chicken and 5-6 edamame.  Nothing to it for $6.  The dressing was decent tasting but paying the prices they get for "nothing" does not make me want to come back.
One of our favorite place to go, everything is always fresh and great
I like this location.

It's your usual Paradise Bakery fare.  Nothing different than any other location, in terms of menu.  

For those unfamiliar, the menu consists of fresh salads, sandwiches and soups, plus baked sweets.  Nothing out of the ordinary, but in this day of fried this-and-that, it's nice to get a fast, tasty meal that doesn't involve deep-fryer immersion.

It can be very busy but the employees keep the tables clean and available.  There is an obvious effort to making orders accurately.  The employees are friendly.

This kind of place appeals to people of all ages and walks of life.    Last week I took a day off to spend with my 10 year old, who was on Spring break.  I let her pick our "going out to lunch place".  She chose this Paradise Bakery.  She enjoys the fresh food selections, and sitting on the patio.  There were business people eating lunch, seniors, ladies lunching, all kinds.  

Apparently it's good place for a first date! An older couple who sat near us were on their first date, matched up on E-Harmony.com, according to my daughter over overheard this exchange when   I ran to get a tea refill. 

They have AWESOME fresh brewed Iced Tea, which is a big PLUS in my book.  They also have free WI-FI, and it's a great place to meet a friend for a snack and a visit.  

GO AND GET A Ginger Molasses Cookie!
Paradise Bakery - the name describes it perfectly.

Paradise Bakery opened about the same year I moved to PHX, many moons ago.  They have numerous locations in the PHX area.  Over the years, I've eaten there more than a hundred times and the food is consistently great.

It's not fancy, in fact, you stand in line with a tray (think grade school cafeteria line) and as you move along you can order freshly made to order sandwiches and salads.  They mix your salad ingredients together and toss it right in front of you.  In the short time it takes to create your salad, your sandwich will be ready.  Although they have many sandwich choices, my favorite, is their chicken walnut salad served on dark whole grain bread.  My favorite salad is the crumbly blue cheese with dried cranberries and sunflower seeds, so refreshing and tangy.  

Each sandwich or salad comes with one chocolate chip cookie.  If you'd prefer different cookie flavor, just ask.

Paradise Bakery also sells dozen cookie combo packs that make a special treat for a friend, or even better, for you.
I typically like Paradise Bakery. They are usually good for a quick lunch and have healthier options than most of the other "fast" places in my area.
 
This location however, needs some work. The service as always is good, but the food leaves much to be desired. The iced tea is atrocious. I can't exactly pinpoint it, I think the container/brew filters need to be cleaned because the taste is stale. In addition to that, it is completely watered down so you can't taste the mango at all. I actually did a taste comparison to ensure I wasn't losing my mind. After lunch at Paradise Bakery I went to PV Mall and tried the tea at the location there and it was great.
 
The chicken salad was also huge let down. The strawberries and pineapple were not fresh, they came in heavy sweet syrup. Needless to say I was not in Paradise and will probably pass this place on my way to Wildflower going forward.
I've been to several PBs in the Valley.  They are always pretty good and very consistent.  I liked my mandarin orange muffin Sunday morning.  I wish they'd get with the trend and offer a green iced tea option at some point.
This is one of the newer Paradise Bakery & Cafe's. When you enter, you encounter the bakery and coffee bar, but can go ahead and skip to the sandwich counter or further down to the salad and soup station depending on what you are craving. The service I've had here has been quick and friendly. The only downside is that it can get packed pretty quickly, leaving you with few outside seating options to choose from. Many times, you will find that a table of four is being occupied by a loner on his/her laptop, grr. 

Anyhow, the food is always delicious and on the healthier side (as long as you stay away from the cookie that comes with the sandwich). I've had salads, soups, and sandwiches from here and they all have tasted fresh. You can also do combos of either a half of sandwich with soup or a small salad and soup, which I always take advantage of! The coffee is good, but super expensive (I'm sorry, but did I just step into Starbucks?!). Another bummer of this location is the parking, it can be a challenge depending on what time of day you go, but when you finally do park and enjoy your meal, you'll found out it was worth it.
Looks like a cool place (a lot bigger than it looks on the outside) with a pretty big menu.  Food was pretty average and coffee was as well.

Service was really friendly though.
From the perspective of a celiac: their cookies still aren't gluten-free, but some of their salads (sans croutons) are definitely A-OK.
Medical assistance in a Bakery?

Great bakery service.  I've come here for meetings in the morning about 20 times.  Staff are friendly and you never feel rushed out even when you didn't order anything.  I was with a friend that had some medical problems and ended up on the ground.  Staff came around more than once to help out and to see what else they could do.  Food has always been good and consistent.
We go here at least twice a month (ok, sometimes weekly!).  For those who haven't been here, it is cafeteria style where you walk through and place your order and get a number.  You pay at the cash register and then within a couple of minutes of getting your drink and finding a table, your food comes out to you.  Love their soups and salads and their chicken walnut sandwiches are absolutely amazing.  With most meals, you also get the most decadent chocolate chip cookie - mmmmm!  Great food and customer service.
I have been going to this location because we have a group that meets here once a month. I am not really a fan of their food. I much prefer Wildflower's choices, And the attitude of people behind the counter has always been like- I'm doing you a favor by making this sandwich or salad or whatever.
It reminds me of Panera back home - as a matter of fact, there are undoubtedly ties - but their lack of Equal sweetener is a perplexing omission.  

More annoyingly, the employees at this particular location are absolutely cloying - circulating the room like hawks to clear away whatever plate or speck of dust they can find - often to the point of distraction.

A good soundtrack - Neil Young?  Really?? - but the random internet downtimes and 30 minute restrictions simply make Wildflower a far better choice for my needs.
Very poor service. Had a line of 7 people yesterday (I was one of them), and they ignored us for quite some time. One guy finally blew and made a scene. Today standing there  by myself. Nobody acknowledged me today, so I am not impressed.
I only go here for their Walnut Chicken Salad sandwich and cookies. I should probably reverse the order of that because the cookies are the real treat. We used to come here regularly on Saturdays until we moved closer to the location on Scottsdale Road. The sandwiches are relatively expensive and it is hard to get out of there for under $10, so I limit my visits. If I get a two for one cookie then it is close to $12. I will go to the less expensive sub shops for a turkey sandwich, etc. I used to get salads here too but since Panera bought Paradise I do not like the changes they have made to the salads. The broccoli cheese soup is still great and I sometimes get that to-go. Lunch time is busy so I usually try and come here after the rush. It is nice to sit outside on their patio when the weather is good. We used to hold our annual HOA meetings here in the room in the back. It was a perfect venue. They require a $150 food/drink minimum to use the room, which worked out just fine and the homeowners loved the bakery yummies. If you feel like splurging a little bit and your sweet tooth is acting up, this is a good place to go.
Half of my grilled cheese was not even grilled ... warm bread on one side. how hard is it to mess up grill cheese?!?!
I was so not impressed with this visit.  I've been to this location before (prior to becoming a yelper) and it was a good visit.  Tonights visit was so mediocore that I won't be a hurry to go back.

First we went during the last hour of business.  The staff was friendly, there were no long lines but pretty much everything else sucked.  My coffee was lukewarm, at best.  My cream cheese brownie was o.k.  My wifes tea tasted like "strong cough medicine" (her words, not mine) and the icing on her brownie tasted like the can it came out of.  We also got cookies but have not been brave enough to try them.  I doubt they could be anyworse that what we already had.

I understand the desire to go home at the end of a busy day, but really, if you are open you need to be on your A-game, no slacking because it's "close" to closing time.

I finally ate the cookie and I was amazed at how good it was, even 12+ hours later.  Maybe they need to stick to things they know how do and and leave the rest alone?
It never ceases to frustrate me that restaurants which offer potentially vegetarian and vegan menu choices insist on defeating that option by creating the food with animal derived / based ingredients... for instance, Panera, er, Paradise Bakery offers up six soups on a daily basis- typically at least one of them is labeled vegetarian safe, however, selections such as Fire Roasted Tomato, French Onion and Baked Potato, one imagines being able to order those soups- which would otherwise be vegetarian- yet are not- because they're made with chicken or beef stock. Yes, soup base holds together better when they're made with chicken or beef stock (and arguably tastes better), but any reasonably good chef can make a soup base with vegetable stock and still provide the same results... not to mention opening up more menu items to a larger consumer group (more revenue anyone?) Grrr... Are you listening, Panera... er, Paradise Bakery?
Don't let the full parking lot and long lines fool you.

One or two slices of meat and cheese do not make a proper sandwich.  Add that to the dry bread, little or no mayo/mustard and what you get is no better than a factory-made sandwich from 7-11.  

Shame, it's so close to my new residence.  I guess I'll be adding another 5 minutes to my drive from now on to get a good deli sandwich from Jason's.
Hey the food was good and prepared correctly but the restaurant was disorganized and dirty! At 2:30pm on a Thursday  and I had trouble finding a clean table.  I counted 11 dirty tables around me and it wasn't until I left that someone started cleaning them.  It wasn't that they didn't have enough staff.  Well, they had enough managers anyways.  They just stood talking and looking at a disaster of a dining room.  The drink station wasn't kept up either.  I know Paradise Bakery is better than this!
Need to watch out for un-asked for upgrades. Read the menu carefully. Be sure to check the bill.
Overrated. Overpriced. Underwhelming. 

The cashiers are nice and friendly, but that's as good as this place gets. 

Their sandwiches are pathetic. They are also not worth what you pay for. 

I recommend going to a better place for your food.

I'm going to use my "never again" card for this one.
Love Paradise Bakery! This location is great. Always fresh and delicious food. Tasty cookies and muffins as well.

My only advice to management is please get regular cream soda instead of diet. Or at least have both.
This place used to be a 5, I used to tell everyone if they go to Phoenix you have to go to paradise bakery. The portions are generous, the food is good, and the cookies are great. 

Not anymore.

Someone must have bought this company out because it has corporate greed all over it now. Ordered a half salad. The bowl was half full and it ha a quarter of an avocado. Tr soup was barely 3/4 full and the bread it came with was borderline stale. They also charge for "premium" stuff, and literally everything on the menu is "premium".  It is maybe average Panera quality now there. 

Really disappointing. I used to really like this place.
What happen paradise bakery was such a great place 

Meat on the sandwiches  1/3 less
Bread is day old
Cookies have a different taste
Everything is less quality and less value
A favorite of mine for 10 plus years 
Now in search of a new quality lunch spot in Scottsdale 
Really a shame I don't know what happen?
Total Rip-off at the one on Indian School Rd, so I assume they're all like that! 
I ordered a flatbread Med Chicken sandwich with 3 small, mealy pieces of chicken and so little humus that you couldn't even scrape any of it off. It was 4x flatbread with very little filling. People who worked there were nice though - must be mgmt greed.
Eat at PF Chang's or Buca di Beppo if you want better and more food at a reasonable cost!
Finally got my best friend to go to the gym with me but her pre-workout meal was a gas station donut so needless to say we needed sustenance pronto once we were done. In the spirit of health we decided some salads from Paradise Bakery would probably be among our best options for lunch.

There really wasn't a line when we arrived at noon on a Wednesday, maybe 1-2 people so we were helped right away. My friend decided on the Sesame Chicken and she's quite the picky eater so she had several changes she made to the salad but the person helping didn't give her a hard time about it. I ordered for myself the half size Fuji Apple Chicken salad.

Once we got to the cashier I noticed they had smoothies that looked pretty good from the descriptions. Since I've been busting my butt lately to lose weight I've been very conscious of calories so I asked if they knew how many were in the smoothies. Rather than just guessing the girl actually went and found the nutrition facts for me so I could see everything. I was so impressed that she went out of her way to do that when most people would have guessed or not even tried to figure it out. Kudos to her, wish I'd caught her name!

The salad and smoothie were AMAZING!! If I wasn't in a public place I probably would have licked the bowl clean. The sweet and savory flavor combination in the salad was so different and delicious. The super fruit smoothie was nice and refreshing without being too sweet and you could taste a hint of the yogurt which I personally like.  Overall I was very happy with not only the good but the service at this location.
Wow this place has crazy prices for a sandwich come on get real I don't understand what justifies paying so much for a soup or a sandwich and the portions are extremely small do yourself a favor and pass unless you have money to blow
Good sandwiches, salads, soups and of course the cookies. Great service for quick lunch. Love the chicken salad on dark molasses bread, a real winner.
Owned by Panera, this place has all of the things I love! Soups, sandwiches, bagels, treats and decent pricing. Clean, easy to get in and out of, the only issue I found was where do I order? Where do I pay? Do I leave my dishes or do they clean up behind me? Maybe I missed the signs but it seemed they could do a better job of directing traffic so to speak?
The Ranchero Omelette is what I always get. The sausage is always fresh and the eggs nicely cooked. I'm not a huge fan of franchise breakfast places. However, when in the run, and in new of a quick-nicely and freshly done breakfast, Paradise Bakery does the trick ;)
We love going to Paradise Bakery and now we have one even closer to us in the Goodyear Centerpoint (Pebble Creek & McDowell).  

Their food is very good, plenty for your $$ and different items on their menu.  Staff is normally friendly and they have a fequently visitor card to earn points too!

This location has outdoor seating and free Wi-fi as well!
GREAT COFFEE! be careful with the cookies...
We have been going to Paradise for a while now.  I decided to telecommute from there today and I have to say I am not happy.  Lets get the food out of the way.

The food is and has always been amazing.  There is not one thing I can bad about this place when it comes to their food.

Today i found a seat near a power outlet and fired up my laptop.  I found out that they have free wifi that is filtered.  They will block any site they deem not family friendly.  Ok so I get the reason why but come on..

The item that pushed me over the edge today was when an employee decided to open the blinds on all the windows.  The area was a nicely shaded and was not too bright and not too dark.  When she opened the blinds, blinding light hit my eyes and as I struggled to adjust to the brightness the employee walked by and scowled at me for making a funny face...I couldnt see give me a break.

Sorry for the rant there, in other words I recommend getting the food to go.
A nice alternative to Panera in my area, I really enjoyed to quick service and good little salad and sandwich here. The cookie they give you with combos is what pushes it from 3 to 4 stars!  : )
The cookies and breakfast pastries are to die for.  Just for those two items they deserve four stars.  Everything else, however, is just OK.  The rest of their foods are good but not great.  If you've ever been to Wildflower, I think their food is better there but dang, I can go to Paradise and just pig-out on their cookies!
love paradise bakery. but it seems to me everyone that works at this location is high....just saying lol
We've been here quite a few times, and it's a pretty good location. I'd say it's about the same as all of the other locations I've been to, though... nothing special, but it's nothing worse either.

The only complaint I've had is that their iced tea doesn't seem that good here. I'm a tea snob though, as I love all types of tea hot and cold. Could just be me... but the same flavours at other locations seemed to taste better, and this has been several occasions that I've noticed.

Also, as for the changes at Paradise, that is happening at all locations... another company bought them out and are changing things slowly but surely. Oh, and I still don't like their cookies.... and I love cookies! I just have never liked Paradise cookies for some reason, even though everyone always claims how delicious they are :P
Not that I don't love Paradies because I do, it's just that I will not attend this Paradise ever again. Paradise gets busy, but when you have been waiting for your meal for 30 minutes, and people that arrive after you get their meals before you do, that is a problem. Then to make matters worse, the young girl that worked there gave me a bad attitude for her miscommunication error. She also snapped at her co-worker in the presence of myself and other patrons. That was not professional. She then tried to rectify her mistake (with attitude of course), so I just left, and decided that I would not go back. I use to frequent this locatioin because it is 10 minutes away, but too many times I've had to wait a rediculous amount of time, and watch others that arrive after me, get better service. Needless to say, I will drive to any other Paradise, but this one.
It's a Paradise. Friendly service and consistent food as per the average Paradise. Perfect for a quick bite.
A great chain restaurant option

Simple dining proposition with no surprises: Good pastries, soup and sandwich combo, reasonable pricing, free wifi, and quick-casual service that is consistent.  Staff is friendly and they keep the place clean.  Very much like a Panera.

The cinnamon rolls are very soft and uber yum.  Have some good soups, too.  Kids menu and selection of sweet-sweet carbs works for the younglings.
This was our first visit to Paradise Bakery and all I can say is YUM! It was so good, I went back for lunch the next day. The dining room is very pleasant and clean, the service is great and the sandwiches are super yummy. I love having this fairly close to our house!
Good spot for lunch or when you need to kill some time and need free wi-fi. I'm addicted to the soup in bread bowls. Tends to get backed up and crowded at lunch time, but that's to be expected.
Awesome breakfast and lunch menus! The omelets here are amazing and I love the soups and sandwiches (best cookies too!). I think the pricing is fair, you definitely get a good amout of food for what you pay for.
Ambient - Casual 

Service - Quick, Friendly and Easy.

Food - I enjoy their chocolate chip cookeis and their Chicken Walnut Salad Sandwich.  Although one thing that I do not like is that their soups are not made their fresh.  They are good, but somehow I expected that they made their own soups. :-/
Today was my first time eating at Paradise, and I have to say it will be my last. I took my mother out to lunch and neither of us had been there before, so we were a little unsure of the ordering system. When I told the first girl who greeted us that we'd never been there before she looked irritated and didn't say anything except, "What can I get you?" I proceeded to order the lobster roll, which on the menu clearly states comes with 1/2 a salad or a cup of soup. When I told her the type of soup I wanted she told me I couldn't get the sandwich with soup. When I tried to point out what the menu said, she angrily snapped "The lobster roll only comes in 1 size and isn't available for a pick 2." Again I tried to point out that I wasn't ordering a pick 2, and on the menu it says the sandwich comes with either a soup or salad. She tells me no again, and moves on to my mother. My mom tries to order a salad, and the girl, in an outrageously rude tone said, " I SAID, any other SANDWICHES?" Again, we had never been here before, and already made clear that we were unsure how the ordering worked. My mom looked at me overwhelmed and quickly changed her order to a sandwich. We moved down the assembly line and I asked for my cup of soup. When I got to the girl on the register I clarified that the lobster roll did include a cup of soup, and she said yes. When I told her what the sandwich girl had said her response was, "Oh, she doesn't know anything, she's new." 
We got drinks and sat down and waited for our food. When it arrived everything was decent. My mom got a turkey avocado BLT (not what she originally wanted, but no one clarified the steps of ordering so she could get what she did want) and I had the lobster roll and a cup of broccoli cheese soup. While the food was OK I would NEVER return, at least to this location. With such a rude and unhelpful staff it was an incredibly uncomfortable and frustrating experience for us.
This place is good for their assortment of sandwiches, soups, and salads. You can even pick up an assortment of muffins or donut dots for a meeting or two. This place reminds me of Panera. Only one thing, I was surprised to notice that they are not very allergy friendly even though their image is of a healthy, wholesome, organic place to eat. Most everything on the menu had an allergen such as eggs, milk, or peanuts which are the top 3 allergens for kids. It was very difficult to find something to eat without these allergens and the staff mostly had very little suggestions to help.
First time, last time.  Evidently the employees are assigned a station and they do not veer from it. The guy making Salads was all over it, but when the bottleneck occurred at the unmanned soup station, he was unable or unwilling to step over the Soup-Salad line. There was one woman slowly frosting cookies. Two women cashiering, one went to help cookie girl and the other went in back to replenish a soup container... Thought she got lost when it took forever for her to come back.
The food is fine, but the service was horrible and inefficient.  
I will not return.
I love paradise bakery there salad & sandwiches are really good & fresh. If you like ice tea paradise bakery is the place to get ice tea. There prices are high though.
I prefer wildflower, but recently had their grilled cheese and tomato soup and it was delicious!!  Will be back for that combo!
I love coming here for lunch! I usually get the club half sandwich or the Caesar salad. The tomato basil soup here is breath taking! I haven't tried breakfast here yet, but one of these days I will have to. I can never seem to get over the fact the cookies that come with your meal are so delicious and make for a great dessert snack during lunch.
Went for lunch with my family and it was very busy because it's Sunday afternoon. My food was great but had to wait for someone to clean off the tables. Otherwise this location is always nice and clean.
The service and food are exceptional! I love coming back to Arizona knowing a get to have lunch at this place! I had the pasta and a turkey sandwich. Doesn't sound like much  it is definitely worth it to go here!
Once Again a contender with Subway and Quiznos. In my eyes this place beats them hands down. You can't get much fresher than this, they make to order and they slice the meat right in front of you, its great ! I had a 8" smoked turkey sandwich with lettuce, onions and jalepenos, bag of port of sub chips jalepeno flavor and a Mountain Dew. 
Not much seating inside but very well cooled down, a great place to escape the heat. Two places to order from so the line never got too long. I would like to try one of the hot sandwiches next time.
I am not a huge sub fan to start with....

The subs are good, the selection is good, the price is a bit high for my liking. 

They now have breakfast....might have to try that.
I stopped in for a quick lunch and I wasn't impressed at all.  I heard that the food was good but I've had better subs almost anywhere.  They have very limited toppings.  I wish I had gone to Mr. Goodcents down the street much better quality subs.
Very fresh and delicious subs! The prices are a little high though, but they do have a punch card and if you buy 10 (I think) subs, you get 1 free. It definitely won't take me long to fill up the card!
Tasty sandwich.  The guy behind the counter knew how to use a knife, quick service
closest location to my home unfortunately but Port of Sub's is the best out of the fast food sub shops.  The inexpedience is everything and you can tell they're fresh.  I love the peppered pastrami and swiss on wheat with crack (mayo mustard mixed), lettuce, tomato, onion, & jalapenos, Oh my!  You cant ever go wrong here with any of the sandwiches.  This location gets super busy at lunch FYI, since it is near the air park.
1st off I just want to say that i do actually think the food here is pretty good tasting, regardless of how brown the guac looks.  My problem is the service, everyone who works here is either lazy, dumb or a combo of both.  At Subway they at least pretend to be helpful, here they ask you the same questions over and over (ex. I have been asked what toppings 4 times and I only had 3 things added so really...) and still mess up.  One particular time my friend got a roast beef sandwich and half was roast beef half was pastrami, how is that even possible!?  Either way if they dont shape up they should change their name to Port Hole because its run by a bunch of As*holes.
Tasty little sandwich. I agree with all the other reviews service is sub par. Seems like a place where the people who got rejected from subway work. The boy who made my sandwich was a greasy little booger who normally I probably would of voted against making my sandwich, but since they were busy I gave in. 
Sandwich on its own was very tasty. The bread was tender and chewy, meat fresh sliced, pickles tomatoes and lettuced seemed very fresh. Would of liked a lite mayo option but oh well. 
I will be back.
too much bread!
I have been to Port of Subs a few times & it's A-OK. I really like that they slice their meats & cheeses to order, but their bread sucks. I stopped by Tuesday after taking my car to emissions (I passed, woohoo!) & got a large (12') #2-ham, turkey & provolone (added roast beef) for my husband & a small (5") #17-tuna (chose swiss) for myself. I got white bread for both sandwiches plus 2 bags of chips, no drinks since we were meeting up at home. Total for 2 subs (1 w/extra meat) & 2 bags of chips was $15.80, a lil pricey. I'm sure I'll be back if I'm in the area & need a quick lunch.
Delicious tuna subs. It's a change of pace from the subways of the world and the people are friendly. Very clean and nice roomy seating.
I had heard such great things about Port of Subs from my co-workers so I decided to check it out.  I like that the meats are sliced fresh.  I think the bread tasted like packaged bread you would buy at the store.  I do like the options of potato or macaroni salad instead of chips.  And I do like that they have 20 oz drinks, not just fountain.  For the price and size, I think Jersey Mike's is way better.
I'm not a meat person but they put almost NO meat on this bread sandwich.  Why even bother when Subway is right down the street?
Although this place is very similar to Subway, I think it's better. I liked the ciabatta bread so much better than a hard sub roll offered by their competitors. It seemed a bit pricey for a sub shop, though. Just sayin'.
Fresh tasting subs...they go the extra mile by shaving the meats and cheeses to order...Worth driving the extra distance in my opinion...the prices are a bit high yes...s mentioned in other reviews....and their potato salad sucks...

Other than that, staff could be friendlier and that's my only pet peeve about the place...Nobody smiles, nobody cares..they just want your money....It's really a turnoff....

Quality food plus service with an attitude costs you two stars. There's  no reason for you to behave like that with your customers as there are plenty of competition in the area. Drop the attitudes and I'll be back more often and maybe change my rating.....yes feeling a little bitter about my experience there.
My first time and my turkey, ham and cheddar sandwich is very very tasty!  I will come here again.
We ordered subs for our entire team and they were 5 hours late , our team had to play a game on empty stomach then after game had to wait another 2 hours before we got out subs... No Bueno
Always fast friendly service, good food at acceptable prices. Recommend it!
First time here. Stopped in around 1:30 on a week day for lunch. Would usually go to Subway, but we had a coupon for a free sandwich.

Ordered a 5" with oven roasted chicken on wheat with no cheese and lots of veggies. My friend got an 8" something on sour dough. We added chips and a drink to both. The sandwiches were big with a fair amount of meat and cheese. Plenty of veggies. Everything was fresh and tasty. The downside was the limited choice of condiments. Nothing lite or low calorie other than plain yellow mustard. I went with the mustard. Ended up with way too much, and it was very strong. The other thing is there was just way too much bread. I took the top bun off and solved both problems.

We got there at the tail end of lunch. There was a small line, but it moved quickly. Service was good. Everything looked clean. 

Total for two sandwiches, chips and drinks was $17 before the coupon. A bit on the high side, but would go again. Would like to try a salad or grilled sandwich next time.
Way better than any sandwich place.

This location has a super fast, efficient, great listener meat cutter girl. She is a shift manager now. Consistently has the faster line.

Manager is very friendly, and provides good customer service.  

Don't forget to get your frequent visitor card to build points and get free items.

Their meat is cut fresh, unlike Subway and Blimpie.  Condiments are very fresh as well.
I LOVE these sandwiches! OMG they are delicious. Customer service is always good. I didn't even know they were there....otherwise I would have gone a lot sooner!
Better portions than subway.  Nicer interior.  Overall pretty good.  Had the sour dough sub roll.. Nothing special and basically too much bread.
Mmmmmmmmm one of my favorite sandwich locations. Services is very friendly. They are always busy at lunch time which is a great sign.
I know it's a chain, but awesome selection, great service. I got absolutely no sleep last night and it showed. Massive dark circles under my eyes. The lady who rang me up at the register said, "Oh my! Get some sleep! You can't come back here looking like this, you poor thing!"

She reminded me of a sweet old grandma! As I was walking out with my sandwich, she said "Remember what I said!!!" She had me laughing. Super nice people working here. Service with a smile, definitely choosing this over subway, 100%.
We like the subs and the people are always friendly. However, they are probably the most disorganized bunch of sub makers I've ever seen. Called in an order the other day and I get there... Oops, sorry we forgot to make your sub. Even ordering in person can be rather frustrating at times due to how confused their sandwich makers get when faced with a decent lunch crowd coming in. Today we ordered over the phone for pick up and they again forgot to put the bacon on it, get your shit together!
Once they get their issues resolved and get more on the ball I can definitely see giving them another star but for now they're just making a 3 in my book.
We were here for lunch today. The line was a wee bit long (one person coming in and ordering for the entire office ya know) but as usual everything was made fresh right when you ordered it. I got the Turkey Provolone on wheat and it was good. I like Jersey Mikes better than Subway cause they don't mess with the bread. Its just wheat or white. Deal ya know? I hated when Subway changed the bread ... but I digress. There is a large flat panel tv to mindlessly stare at while enjoying your meal and its pretty reasonably priced. What can I say, its personal preference but I like Jersey Mikes and when I want subs, its my first choice.
One of my favorite sandwiches ever! 

Thinly sliced meats... were talking tissue paper thin! delicious!

No substitutions No difficult orders... very straight forward. I can literally recommend every sandwich on the whole menu! Great staff too but the food stands alone!
chipotle philly cheesesteak!
Way better than Subway and a bit more expensive too lol!  About once a month they send out coupons for two regular sub meals with drinks for $13.99.  Great deal and totally worth it.  They also slice the meat and cheese right there in front of you.
Great sandwiches and service.  The meats are excellent quality, and I think their bread is the best.  I go to this location for lunch at least once a week.  The owners are always here, so things are tip-top.  This is the best Jersey Mikes in Vegas, in my experience.
I love the subs here and the customer service can't be beat. I used to work here before I left for the Marines and Gary always hooks me up when I come home. Great food and even better service will always keep coming back.
I love there roast beef. Employees are very friendly.
Cheap eats @LasVegasHilton Great sandwiches,hotdogs and breakfast.

Reasonably priced and made to order.

WARNING: the hamburgers are NOT SO GOOD!!

BUT...Deli sandwiches are some of the BEST anywhere!!
Stopped in here for lunch to grab a quick bite before a college football game on Saturday.  I've been here many times.  On this last visit, I ordered a 6" Italian Sub.

You order the Sandwich from the cashier and you receive a number, then a server brings out the order to your table.  Very convenient.  Since it's located next to the SuperBook, there are plenty of Plasma TVs with sporting events and horse racing to keep you distracted while you wait for your food.  There's also a ton of seating, so you'll be sure to find a place to sit unlike many of the sportsbook delis in Vegas.

After a short wait our food was ready.  The Meat & toppings were fresh.  This Deli advertises that they use Boar's Head Deli Meats, so that's always a plus....I love Boar's Head products.  Although it was only a 6" Sandwich, it was very filling.

Overall, great experience & great service.

Will I return?  Of course!
Cuban sandwich is soooo AWESOME.  Fresh pork loin and great ham comlimented by the spicy kosher pickles and pressed neatly but stuffed between two halves of a fresh roll!  I would do this one again for sure!!!
How u gonna beat $1 dollar dogs and $2 buck beers!!!  those are great prices...but they should give you a cup holder, which they don't have, when you buy 4 or more beers to carry back to your seat in plastic cups....pretty hard to do.  Have to get max 3 drinks and walk back slowly each freakin time...great price...poor planning....duh!!! March madness is busy...so plan for it..shiet thats the least u can do for u...
Picked up food from here before they closed on the night on April 26th, 2011.  Sorely disappointed. Ordered the Roast Beef Sandwich Footlong with a Chicken Noodle Soup.  Had to throw the sandwich away because the meat was chewy and smelled weird and the soup was overly salty.  My husband order the chicago dog which he said was good and my parents had the italian sub which they liked.  Couldn't go back and complain about the sandwich or soup because it was already closed and our flight back was the next morning.
Their hot subs are really good and almost always order either the grilled chicken or philly cheese steak foot long which is around $10. 

They have almost everything you need to enjoy the game.  Sandwiches, burgers, pizza, wings, fries, salads,breakfast, drinks, jumbo pretzels.  I don't think they have nachos though.

Never noticed this until the other night but they have the best view of the giant screens to watch the games, no strain of looking up or no watching to close or to far. They also have a few TVs in the dining area and might change the channel if you ask nicely and if no one else mines. 

They're usually fast at getting your food ready even when it's busy. But if the line is flowing out the SuperBook Deli area forget about a quick bite you might be there a bit.
I had a decent breakfast burrito here very late night.  The service was kind of slow, but it hit the spot.
Hey Yelp, why do you have two listings for the same place?

Anyways, was at the LVH late at night and was super hungry so we went looking for someplace to eat. An employee pointed us towards this place which was still open at what I think was like 2am.

They have a limited menu after a certain point in the evening but it seems adequate for those craving just something to fill their belly late at night.

We each had a breakfast sandwich and some unnecessary onion rings and fries.

My sandwich was pretty darn good. The fries were good but the rings weren't that good. I actually think the rings might have made me sick but then again it could've just been the drinking of vegas combined with the late night greasy food fest I decided to have.

Regardless, they were open and they were friendly and you can't go wrong with that.
Very underacheiving Deli that just doesn't have what it takes to equal their great Sportsbook. The turkey they use is deli meat, not real turkey and the chicken sub I ordered was very mundane. It was a 6 inch chopped chicken with onions and a slice of white cheese melted on top. Despite nobody being in the palce at noon, old man chef could not even grill the chicken pieces to being hot - therefore half the chicken was luke warmn and only the cheese on top was hot and semi-melted. It was $6.95 and no chips, pickles or anything included on the side. No lettuce, tomatoes, sauce , no nothing. They must be afraid to change anything at this place and upgrade to a real deli like other sportsbooks in town. Maybe the new owners will do something over there besides nothing.
Mediocre food and TERRIBLE service. The woman who runs food to your table is the ultimate downer. Definitely don't come here on a Sunday around 4:30. I asked the chef behind the counter for Ranch and as he reaches to give it to me, she intercepts and demands 27 cents. Even cheap fast food places give you a complimentary first condiment. LVH Casino must be hurting for cash. Either that or their employees hate their jobs or lives. Either way, it spoiled the whole experience.
I wouldn't really call this place a deli, it's a place to pick up something light to eat.  Really too bad they don't have a "real" deli to go along with their sports area.  Not cheap, like every food spot at the LVH, and food so-so.  If you pass McDonalds on the way to the LVH, I'd respectively suggest you stop there rather than here...you won't miss the food and you'll have a plenty more $$ in your pocket.  Too bad, LVH could use a really good sandwich spot...

Oh, and they're not open 24 hrs; they're closed 6am to 11am I believe...
I was starving after a night out so I asked the front desk where I could find food in the hotel at 5 am. Does this place ever close??

I ordered a breakfast burrito with sausage. It came in a nice green tortilla and although it was PACKED WITH GREASE, it was exactly what I needed. Decent prices, not really the friendliest staff, but I wasn't expecting exceptional service at that hour.
Slooooooow! 1 person taking orders and 1 person on the grill while being the only place open for food at LVH late night....#Fail
This place was actually pretty decent, and satisfied my appetite for a good sandwich.  I had the turkey sandwich and I had no problem with it.  If I'm in this sports book again I will definitely have to try something else because the hot dogs looked good too.
I'm STILL waiting for my food as I write this so I can't comment on food quality.

I went in on a moderately busy Sunday afternoon. There were three people in line but it still took over five minutes just to order. I was told my cold sandwich would be ready in five minutes. I came back 10 minutes later and has to wait another 10 minutes. Needless to say the speed of service wasn't good.

The sandwich was fine. Nothing special but good I guess.
Best money ever spent in vegas. Wish I found this earlier in my stay in lvh! Get there before 8 pm closing time. Bought a Italian 12 in sub for $8.95 and double 57 burger for $6.95. Totals to $16 or so, used our $8 hotel go green coupon which can be used for food or beverage, and $2 more from the coupon book for $2 off foot long. We only paid $7 total for both of that. In vegas, this price cannot be beat! If you're staying in lvh, don't pass on these deals!
Came here at 2am after clubbing. I got a breakfast burrito and my gf got a burger and fries. The food was good but too bad they don't offer their entire menu during late hours. Also too bad it's located pretty far from the other food places so it was a mission to find. I'll probably be back if we are in Vegas and staying at LVH and are in need of a late night meal.
This place is finger licking good!!! I thought it was me last night because I was drunk that it was so good but I came back again the next day and all of us 4 love it amazing sandwiches especially the hot ones yummy!!!!!!!
Awesome Cuban and Reuben sandwiches and fries!  Great bottles root beer and fries too!  A nice hidden gem in one of the best if not the best sports book in Vegas!
Ordered a hot sandwich......and 28 minutes later and after asking 3x's I finally got it.  Way to long to have to wait for lunch.
Horrible service and mediocre food...Waited over 20 minutes for my food and when I finally asked the cashier, the cooks began trying to argue with me saying that my number was called a long time ago. I was standing right in front of them the whole time.
This is a pretty good lunch spot or a late night spot for getting a bite to eat after a night of drinking and partying.  There really isn't anything signature about his place.  Its just a good place to go for some decent, somewhat affordable food.

I had the chicken parmesan sandwich, which they advertise as chicken tenders, tomato sauce and provolone cheese.  I got that with an order of fries, due to the fact their potato chip selection was basically not a selection...it was just Lays potato chips.

The food was delivered to the table in a timely fashion and it tasted great.  I had already paid a lot more for food in the caf at the LVH and it wasn't nearly as good.  

This place also has free soda refills.

Bottom line, if you want a really great meal, you may be better off going over to the Strip.  However, if you want some quick and easy food, especially while watching a game at the Sportsbook, this is not a bad place to go.
Ate here a few times passing through the LVH.  The deli sandwiches are pretty good.  I had a ham and cheese sandwich here (toasted).  Not bad.  On a later trek I had a breakfast burrito on a late night run.  That was too good.   Overly filling to where I could not finish the other half of the burrito.  Its a bit pricey here which is the only con.
I think it was one of the better price options. nothing too fancy i preferred it over paradise cafe because they charged me gratuity even for take out, like wth.  chilli and chicken wrap was pretty good.  I blogged about my Vegas vacation as well if you'd like other tips check it out here http://buff.ly/1n97MBP
We been here a couple times now and have always received fresh hot food. The philly cheesesteak and the 57 burger are standouts.They have a soda fountain so you can share drinks. A good value for lunch or a late night snack.
I am so glad that a Paradise Bakery opened up close to my home in Queen Creek.  If you are looking for an amazing sandwich, salad or a great bowl of soup this is the right place.  Its crazy in Queen Creek, there are not very many places to eat sandwiches or food like this so again, very glad they opened up.

I would recommend the Paradise club, or the Cranberry Turkey Sandwich.  If you are looking for soup then I recommend the Tomato Basil.  I am not a huge fan of salad, but they have everything any salad lover could want.  

To top it off, you get a cookie to complete your meal - and these cookies are much better then any cookie you have ever eaten (I PROMISE)  

Usually when I go there, the staff is really nice, and the facilities are clean.  The only problem I have is at lunch time and it gets busy and often hard to find a place to eat, but not that its cooling off - maybe I can start to sit outside where they have lots of tables.  

This area is growing, and businesses and places to eat are popping up everyday.  It is important we support them because even in some of these brand new areas shops and places to eat are going out of business.  You asked for more stuff Queen Creek, so support whats here!
I'm currently a big fan of Paradise Bakery. My favorite is the turkey cranberry sandwich with no mayo. I love that you get a cookie with your sandwich too.
Great sandwiches and other goodies.
How have I not yelped this place yet? It is 1 of 3 places I go in the fabulous Queen Creek-San Tan Valley metroplex where my dining selection isn't handed to me from a drive-up window. I go here at least once a week. I am not typically a fan of salad, but upon further reflection, I think I am not a fan of salads I make at home. Actually I am not a fan of anything I make at home, hence, I eat out. 

On the rare occasion I will enjoy a sandwich here, but typically it is just the salad. I was lured by the famous marketing slogan "limited time offer" and tried the tomato mozzarella sandwich. Just a half, on wheat.  It was good and the basil leaf inside gave it a strong bite of flavor. Tasty. Next, I was happy to see the return of my favorite salad from last year (also a limited time offer...) the summer berry blend..which really, why is it limited time? They have a side of fruit salad you can get any time. It is just a green salad with dressing and the fruit on top - but somehow magic is formed when they name it the summer berry blend and I am drawn to it instantly. 

Speaking of sides that are excellent, go for the Key West Tuna. I know, tuna is a bit boring and I wouldn't go to a restaurant and order a tuna sandwich - that is a rare treat I can make at home without too much trouble. But I tried a "sample" of the Key West Tuna one day and wow! Incredible! It is mixed with shell pasta and very tasty. I have ordered a green salad with dressing and requested that added to the top (rather than the standard tuna salad they can make). Yum! The catch is the Key West tuna is only out on Saturday and Sunday...or maybe it is Friday and Saturday - go on Saturday and it is there for sure...

Of course you have to get a cookie. They are slap-ya-mama good. The famous chocolate chips are my favorite, but some of the others are not bad either. They usually have free samples on the counter. Give them all a shot!

Plus they have a great reward program - 10 meals and you get a free salad & drink combo. Easy to rack up the points here as much as I visit. The staff is always friendly and provides fast service. Definitely put it on your QC rotation.
I llooooooooovvveee this place!! The only complaint I have about this place is that there aren't more in California! If there were, I would eat here on the daily. Get on it Paradise Bakery Corporate!! 

I was in Phoenix visiting a friend and he would not shut up about how good this place was. So in an effort to get him to stop talking about it, we went. I'm glad I did.

I ordered the California Turkey sandwich and a small side of tuna pasta. It is definitely a good cure for a hangover because it is not greasy and all the ingredients are incredibly fresh. Plus the bread was nice and toasty. Not too hard.
Oh Paradise...  How I wish Northern California knew about your wonderfully fast cafeteria style service, splendid selection and supremely appetizing food.

Seriously, WTF?  Is Paradise Corporate smoking peyote in the desert or something?  They need to franchise like no tomorrow in NorCal.  Seriously this place would be packed 24/7 anywhere you put it.

Everything that I ate/tasted there was on point: Ham & Cheese Croissant, salad, sandwich, cookies were phenomenal (especially the Lemon and the Coconut Chocolate ones).  And all inexpensive.  I will wait with high hopes that Paradise opens up here in Cali soon.
I love the salad and soup. They have the best tomato soup of any place!! Love it love it. Love it.  I know I have already reviewed these guys, but good to let you know they are still coming through and worth the visit!!
I love having a Paradise so close, this place rocks.  I'm all about the Paradise Club with the croissant.  Also love the soups, its been so nice to grab a bowl of soup take it home and sit on our porch enjoying the very few days of cool weather here in AZ and look up at the clear starry sky of Queen Creek, my fave soup is the Tomato.
Always a friendly place to pick up a bit of  morning nosh & my Blue Machine juice drink.  Relaxing atmosphere, great pastries, & salads.  Fairly good service and nice to have here in our neighborhood, World Famous Queen Creek!
Right! Went to paradise Bakery this morning while dropping our dog of at the vet's office.  I brought home the Spinach quiche, quiche muffin and the Beligian waffel w/ strawberries to share with my husband.   I must say, the quiche was DELISIOUS!!!  The waffel was just ok because they left off the whipped cream.  That's the best part!  Anyhoo, try the quiche, it's wonderful. For that, they earn another Star!
Great food, everyone loves it.  But if you're buying a gift card, shouldn't the purchaser get the reward points?  After all, the restaurant is getting their money instantly and a large percentage of gift cards never get used.  Why would I ever want to buy another gift card there if I don't get anything out of it?
Woo hooo great food and some hot chicks that go there and work there
A new menu, tried the steak, onion panini with horseradish. Pretty good but a little overcooked. However, they found a zillion ways to mess up my kid's meal. I asked for a salad instead of the yogurt, seemed simple enough of a request. They made a huge salad, enough that I said "Is that what goes with the kids meal to replace the yogurt or fruit?" got to the counter, paid and noticed that they charged me for a regular salad, then for a kid drink which used to be included, then for a kid's meal. Got the manager, explained the failure to communicate and he refunded the salad price. My daughter jokingly said "as long as they didn't forget my cookie". See she wasn't concerned about the vegetable to carb ratio or the dairy problem. Then the lady behind the counter slips me a cookie all clandestine-like. We sit down and I unpack the bag to discover they gave us a whole sandwich instead of the 1/2 for a kids meal, no biggie but a waste and not what the menu said, then they gave us fruit and yogurt. She had slipped us the cookie because apparently she realized they had the WHOLE order wrong. For kids that can't have dairy, a salad or fruit substitute shouldn't be rocket science. Everything else was classic Paradise and the manager made it right, but it was a hassle, a waste of time and food.
Been here 20+ times, always good. Some dishes are better than others, but maybe thats just personal taste preferences. Always clean, nice staff, fastidious bussers.
This place is AMAZING. My mom and I went recently and were in awe of all the great, healthy choices!  I got a small salad, and it was NOT small - GREAT portions!  The soup and mac n cheese were also delicious! It's kind of like Panera bread, if you're familiar with them, but in my opinion this place is MUCH better!
I always forget about this location as an option for salads and sandwiches. 

Went here for the Grilled Cheese with Bacon and Tomato soup.  The soup was great.  The sandwich was good also, I just never  really found the bacon!!  In my opinion it is not a Grilled Cheese and Bacon with bits of bacon, it should have strips or large pieces that you get in every bite.

Cookies are always good.  And there bakery offers many options. 

They also do breakfast sandwiches which I forget about too.
Try a brownie. It's good for you.... Well it's at least tasty for you ;)
Love paradise but just had poor customer service from Gabby. I said Green Salad and she heard Greek salad; so when I stopped her she got an attitude like its my fault...in fact I apologized that she didnt hear me and she failed to reciprocate but instead went on to throw our salad together with a tude...shame on you. Ruined my mother daughter lunch as I was so mad.oh well as always food was great so they still get 4 stars
I always enjoy everything that I have ordered at Paradise Bakery, but they are getting VERY expensive for a sandwich with no chips or fries included. Village Inn has an awesome turkey, bacon avocado sandwich for  8.99 and you get fries. Paradise price is $9.50...not interested in the under baked cookie you get. But I will still go for that yummy rye bread!
Stopped in here for an impromptu breakfast.  We were actually headed to Starbucks, but couldn't find it quickly and this place was right in front of us.  So in we go.

This has a similar format and menu to all Paradise Bakery outlets.  We got a "Babka" (which is sort of like a chocolate cinnamon roll without the cinnamon), and a coffee was purchased.  Everything was pretty good.  I did think the staff here was better than most locations.  More enthusiastic and helpful.  Service was quick, too.
I liked it. It's a lot like panera to be honest.
The place is clean and the food looks fresh. The food is really good. This place reminds me of Panera bread. The cheddar broccoli bread bowl soup is my favorite
Previous review still stands.  Just wanted to update that while there is free wi-fi it is painfully slow.
Horrible customer service. It wasn't busy at all, and they weren't short-handed. It took them 15 min to make a half sized chicken salad. I watched them as they stood around and chatted amongst themselves, and one girl had an "I obviously hate my job" kind of look on her face. When the girl finally brought it out to, she didn't even look at me or say anything- just set it in front of me and walked off. The salad consisted of chicken, walnuts, and dressing. A very complicated salad that I'm sure needed 15 min to make, and not to mention- way overpriced. I've been in the food service business for 7 years, so I know how this thing goes. I will never go to one of these places again.
Sandwich Culture is a straight up great place to grab a sandwich on the go.

With cheap but appeasing teas, coffees and hot chocolates, it's a hot spot for people snacking on their lunch break.

They have soup of the day, toasties, full breakfasts, ridiculously well priced baked potatoes and a number of sandwich fillings to see you through a day at work. If you're stopping by for leisure purposes, there are a few fold away tall chairs laid out so you can prop up the bar by the window. But this is a more functional sandwich bar rather than being somewhere you'd sit in. It's clean and cosy, but always crammed full of people waiting for their takeouts so if you're going to stay awhile I'd recommend coming first thing on a Monday morning.

It's not black tie dining or an ambient coffee shop, but it does the job if you've got a grumbling belly at lunchtime. Fills a gap and is tasty enough!
My pals used to live above here when they were in second year at uni, and I made a few very satisfying visits here for a sarnie or a baguette. I was quite chuffed to find on a recent jaunt to the West End that it's still going strong, still staffed by the same old gent, and still an excellent place to grab a lunchtime treat.

with a fairly comprehensive selection of breads and some quite fancy gourmet options, Sandwich Culture stands up to repeat visits, and is a bit of an institution amongst the office workers in this end of town. If you're round about here at lunchtime, it's well worth a vist.
If you are looking for a place to buy your lunch in the Haymarket area then you can't go wrong by coming in here.  As a lunch time stop it ticks all the boxes and will guarantee a pleasant and of course most importantly a tasty lunchtime - quite frankly what more can you demand of a shop.

The prices here are very reasonable for what you are getting and you'll be able to mix and match to suit your taste which is always a nice touch.  The only problem here is that it can get quite busy during the busy parts of the middle of the day - it's a bit of a victim of its own success in this respect - so give it plenty of time in peak hours when you think it might be busy.  I've never heard of anyone with anything bad to say about this shop and I'm sure the same will apply to you when you give it a try.
I used to walk past Sandwich Culture every day from house just west of Haymarket to uni at George Square. There aren't as many chain shops around these here parts, apart from the nearby Starbucks and Beanscene, which might explain why so many of the independent shops around here are doing so well. Sandwich Culture basically offers a nice selection of sandwiches and baguettes, as well as juice and hot drinks and

It's year one hundred into the Edinburgh tram works and a lot of the workmen working on the roads nearby pop into Sandwich Culture for their luncheon.

I would take "culture" here with a pinch of salt (which is actually what quite a lot of the sandwiches have in them). This joint is pretty cheap but the sandwiches aren't exactly gourmet. Overall though I'd still say it's pretty good value for money. The place has its regulars but also sees a lot of new faces being opposite the station. The guys inside are pretty friendly.
I paid a flying visit to Sandwich Culture for a breakfast roll, the other day. The roll was very tasty, featuring particularly good sausages. 

Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Sandwich Culture. Their deli counter looked like it offered a nice range of sandwich options for lunchtime, too. I rarely find myself in this part of the world when I'm requiring lunchtime takeout, so it's more likely I'll continue to use it as an on-the-go breakfast place, but I'd be happy to recommend that you pay it a visit, when you're next in the west of the city."
Made in France is far more than your average deli. The owners have sourced everything in the shop themselves from independent French suppliers to give the customers a far more authentic French experience. Real Toulouse sausages and Raclette cheese hang from the shelves between bottles of wine and vinegar. For me though one of the nicest things I discovered were the tiny pots of apple puree that you get in every French supermarket but are impossible to find over here. Basically it's baby food, mushed up apples in a squeezy pot, but wow it just tastes so good! 

It was only on my second or third visit here that I also discovered that Made in France hire out Fondue and Raclette sets too. Having never had the urge to hold a fondue party (I lie, I always have the urge but I fear it would be a habit I couldn't quit) I'm yet to try one of these sets out myself but I bet it would be a lot of fun. The shop prepares the cheese for you so all you have to do is melt it and dip stuff in. Cheesy deliciousness!
This is a gorgeous little deli, tucked away on Lochrin Place, serving the most delicious and incredibly strong coffee with a selection of tarts, cakes and pastries to go. It's filled with pretty unmatched polka dot and floral tablecloths, which adds to its quirky charm.

I visited today and treated myself to a cafe au lait and a brioche to take away, which came to a very reasonable 2.25. Incredibly strong and incredibly delicious coffee, to the very last drop. What I loved most about this place is the customer service, displayed as the staff chatted away to a lovely lady, who was dressed up with full hair and makeup, for a wee afternoon to herself filled with coffee and cake, while the staff conversed with her like an old friend. A charming and delicious deli.
We were out on one of those warm summery days and found ourselves searching for a wee sandwich shop in the area. We had never heard of this place and decided to take a chance. The decor was brilliant! You feel like you are in a real french cafe! 
You could tell that they took their food seriously as well as they had very rare treats such as a special pate, and cheeses that you rarely see around. I am not very familiar with French food but wanted to try the ever so famous Croque Monsieur. Apparently these bad boys can go for 20 euros at the hotels in Paris!! Here however they are much more reasonably priced. 

Basically its an open faced sandwich (baguette) with bechamel and emmental cheese. Its grilled and the baguette gets a bit crunchy (Croque Monsieur means Mister crunchy in France), and the cheese toasted and even a bit burnt, which I love cause its crunchy on top yet bubbly and beautiful underneath. I asked that he put a bit of dijon and pepper on it which gave it a bit of kick. LOVED IT! 

They also have fresh squeezed orange juice which I have come to understand is quite difficult to come across in these northerly parts! I can't even tell you how many times I have asked the waiter if the orange juice was freshly squeezed and for them to tell me ye, yet  when I receive the juice it is clearly from the carton and not even tropicana quality! ugh. yes, this is a pet peeve of mine, but is it so hard to understand the concept of freshly squeezed juice???? Anyways, they do have it here and I love that. 

The price is reasonable and the place is quaint and delicious. They also offer student discounts (10% off).
I have been coming here for years now and it never fails to deliver. The food is amazing and I posting this too close to lunch time and I am too far away to be thinking about how good there sandwiches are.

I always opt for the soup and a goats cheese/peppers bagette. The bagettes are rustic and the cheese peppers are a perfect combo to this.My friend always grabs a Croque Madame, whcih here is bechamel and cheese done over a grill. She is never a big eater so I always fall air to half... yep she is the perfect lunch companion! The coffee is the main reason I keep coming back large cups of americano with swaths of "la crema". They really know there food and drinks here. The couple that own the place are the nicest people you could meet. Thumbs up from me.
I haven't been to Embo deli in a while, but thinking about their delicious wraps and sarnies makes me want to go right now. Offering a sit in option in fresh modern surroundings or take away if you're in a bit of a rush, Embo is a great place to grab breakfast, lunch or just a quick snack.

The menu is devilishly good making it hard to make a decision of what to go for. They have an excellent selection of sandwiches and wraps with so many fresh, delicious fillings to choose from. In addition to this they also offer soups, antipasti and an excellent vegetarian range including my favourite Baba Ganoush.  

The prices are reasonable and the staff have always been friendly on my visits whether I've been sitting in or taking away. An excellent choice if you're looking for a bite to eat in the area. Thumbs up!
Note to anyone who is reading this and thinking I have never heard/seen this place before........ check. it. out! I ended up here after a wee stroll round town this Saturday afternoon, now this place does have only a few seats so I wasn't expecting to get one, but I got a lovely stool by the window to watch the world go by.

Main reason I am rating this place, the salads........ YUMMERS. I had a hot smoked trout, crayfish, creme fraiche and salsa salad, man alive was it heaven for my belly! Plus they are not stingy with the fish, which I was half expecting as it was only a fiver which seemed very reasonable. Another reason..... everywhere these days seems to do paninis, not that I have anything against that whatsoever, but it was nice to see something different. Instead of your usual toasted panini, they do toasted wraps, with a selection that sound devine! And I would imagine you can mix it up a little and choose your own. 

Service was good, friendly and efficient. Nice, interesting interior, free newspapers and they have a specials board, always a bonus. I already have my eye on a toasted wrap with parma ham, mozzarella and pesto for next time!
Embo didn't float my boat. It has a lot of competition from nearby places, particularly on Broughton Street, that offer higher quality for less money, so it isn't on my list of places for a repeat visit.

Overall, we said: "Embo didn't quite hit the mark, for me. I like their ideas, but the balance of the dishes isn't quite there, and I don't think that the quality on offer justifies the significantly higher price-tag than some of the similar offerings from their near neighbours. It strikes me more as a place to sit-in for a relaxing hour (the side salad that comes with their wraps when you sit-in looked quite impressive), rather than grab a quick take-out."
Embo is my standard lunch option when I am uninspired by anywhere else... it is a short walk from my flat, and on a sunny day the few tables outside are in a great wee sun trap where you can watch the often colourful characters of Leith walk wander by! 

The owner goes out of his way to please, and never without a smile.  I am always interested to see what local artist is showing their work in the cafe, and if they took card payment I may have spent a small fortune by now... :-)

I highly recommend the halloumi & chorizo salad ... *drools*.  So, give it a go and tell him you read about wee Embo on the inter-web... he'll be well-impressed! :-D  Enjoy!

#IndependentEdinburgh
I'm a fan for sure!

I popped in here for a takeaway lynx before a hair cut, and it was mmm mmm tasty delicious!

I opted for a Mexican chicken wrap. Deliciously full of zesty light fresh tomato salsa, deep dreamy guacamole, and juicy chicken pieces. Turned out to be one of the finest I've had in a long time! 

I followed it up with some kinda of Czech sponge and caramel cake, not too dry, not too sweet, lovely with a coffee probably (I had diet coke, for shame I know)

I didn't stick around a long time to fully appreciate the cafe itself but it's spacious but kinda homely with big wooden furniture and little nicknaks around the place. And a big robot by the front door. As you do!

I found myself thinking it was a little, 6.90 for a smallish wrap, smallish cake, bottle of juice. But actually it was damn tasty, so actually pretty good value I think. 

Consider this a recommendation!
I wasn't 100% convinced upon my first visit to Deli Fresco. Despite enjoying my lunch there, the constant dulcit tones of Frank Sinatra blaring away in the background grated a bit. I'm as partial to a bit of Ol' Blue Eyes as the next man, but not quite at that ear-crushing volume.

With the volume thankfully turned down, yesterday's visit was exceptionally enjoyable. The food is the usual baguettes, paninis, soups and salads, but is all very well done, very well priced, and even dished up on a nice shiny plate.

Unlike many lunch stops, it's a comfortable and quiet enough place to sit in as well. If you find yourself round about this area and the hunger pangs start, I'd recommend it with full vigour.
Deli Fresco is in a great location for satisfying your hunger pangs after a harrowing trek up Leith Walk.  I came here earlier this year after a long day at the shops it was a tasty and value-for-money meal.  Inside it feels fresh and clean with both indoor and outdoor seating.  The service is welcoming, friendly and seems to take your order and make the food much faster than anywhere else.
In the front counter they have an impressive selection of cakes and muffins which all seem pretty reasonably priced.  They also serve paninis, sandwiches, baguettes and toasties, most of which costing no more than 3.  I had a meatball with cheese panini which tasted amazing, took virtually no time to prepare and cost only about 3.50 with a can of coke as well. I would definitely go to Deli Fresco again as I couldn't fault its service or its range and quality of food.
This fantastic cafe/deli just off Prince's Street has been open for over three years, and their menu is just mmmm...

I went in with a friend, and had the most fascinating conversation with the owner about countries of origin and the Uppsala film festival in Sweden! But now to the serious stuff, the foodddd.

They've got a large range of meat and vegetarian dishes, and the usual list of panini's with quite unusual ingredients! For example, the smoked turkey tomato cranberry was a bit of a novelty for me, but was quite delicious! They're quite affordable, and claim to use ZERO articial ingredients, so they win the health vote as well.
Good place to get a quick lunch in town. Good range of paninis and toasted stuff. All very reasonably priced for the centre of town too: a panini and slice of cake was only a fiver (I had something with honey and walnut which was very good).
Only gripe is that it's tiny: about seven seats in total, dotted along the windows bar-style.
Stopped for lunch while on vacation in Edinburgh.  Great value and great food.
I had a panini with mozzarella, roasted red peppers, spinach and pesto, and I added salami.  Husband had the Meaty Man sandwich with chicken, bacon, salami and cheese.  We split a smoked salmon/avocado salad.  The food was delicious and serving sizes were good.  Add two bottled sodas and our total bill was still under 12 pounds.  Tiny place - maybe 10 seats inside.
Excellent deli sandwich shop near Central Library. Lots of fillings and a variety of rolls to put them in. Reasonably priced and very friendly. And they do rolls n' sausage in the morning too! Lifesaver!
The great thing about the Global Deli is that from a mile off, it is hard to miss. In fact, this simple thing is the reason I first entered Global, and Im glad that I did.

The deli is simply amazing - a huge range of things to choose from, and always full of returning customers who know how great this place really is.Panninis, rolls, sandwiches - they do it all, either choose from the menu or ask nicely and create your own. The food is always prepared infront of you, including the morning rolls that they do (sausages and bacon etc), so a feeling of freshness is always there.

The global Deli is a great place to grab a tasty, and fresh something to eat.
Situated across from Salt and Pepper and the outstanding Mediterranean Gate, Global Deli has a couple of big-hitters in the sandwich / wrap trade to contend with. For my money, it can't quite compete with those two for the top prizes, but is still good enough to be more than worth a visit.

Nothing too out of the ordinary, with a menu dominated by sandwiches, paninis and soups, but all fresh, tasty and inexpensive enough to pick up a solid four stars.
Like the grovelling, snivelling rat that I am, it's time to crawl back to Global Deli and beg their forgiveness for the pitifully low 4 stars I awarded them before.

In hindsight, I should have perhaps tried more than the breakfast rolls before dishing out the scores, but after todays brie, bacon and guacamole toasted ciabatta, there's only one score to give. Utterly, utterly wonderful, and the thought of getting another tomorrow is actually making me look forward to going to work.

In a street with three fantastic sarnie / takeaway bars right next to each other, I wasn't initially sure if Global could compete. I stand corrected, it's the best of the lot.
Global Deli is a great find if you're feeling peckish and looking for a sarnie, panini or any other lunchtime snack. They have a particularly tasty toasty ciabatta with salami and salsa it's delish.

The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonably for absolutely outstanding goodies.
Wow!!! Global make amazing sandwiches. Fact. They have a really good menu and great staff, I had such a laugh as I was waiting for my chicken Panini. The guy making it said he would add in some extra;s, if I didn't mind. I battered my eyelids and blushed, of course not, handsome sandwich man with sexy accent!!

The only thing that puts me off Global is the location....I find it difficult to eat and walk, I prefer to sit down somewhere comfortable and enjoy my lunch, but being where it is I had to go find a bench. ok it wasn't difficult to find one, but kinda wish it was closer to my flat. Ok that's selfish, but handsome sandwich man had a VERY sexy accent.
Ok so today my healthy normal eating habits are making a return, no more cakes or muffins for lunch!! So I decided a lovely sarnie should stop my tummy from rumbling through my usual 2 hour Monday lab session..... so now the main question was where does a good sandwich??! Dilemma.

I have passed this place a few times and immediately noticed the ridiculous bright green building and the sign outside advertising falafel.......... Yum for my tum!! So I decided to give it a go, I only had an hour between class and it is so close.

So basically I walked in and was amazed at the wide selection they have on offer.... and also stumped, what the frick do I have!?!? Then I saw it, smoked salmon and cream cheese - give me that bad boy right there! Plus they have a wide selection of rolls that you can choose from, and they are HUGE!! I was expecting it to be rather small as I was paying only 2.80, but no! I loved every mouthful of it, once I had removed the tomato and cucumber! But great for grabbing something cheap when you are in a rush.
Serrano Ham and brie ciabiatta, but toasted. Simple pleasure in life and nice smiles from the staff. 

They have a lot more besides and their soups are good too I'm becoming a regular.
Fab choice of fillings for panini's, focaccia's, rolls etc. proper oven baked baked potatoes too.
Great, friendly service and although it's busy, the queue moves quickly. Reasonably priced, competes well with other lunch shops in the area.
I am not a fan of olives, but I am most definitely a fan of Bread and Olives!

I popped in later this afternoon for a wee brew and can report their nibbles looked delicious. Selling a range of good quality Mediterranean fillings, fresh little cartons of locally sourced milk and some chilled ginger beers, it's a great stop off for a healthy, continental snack. They sell a number of pre-prepared and create your own sandwiches, and their mix of roast veg looked lovely. Their breakfast menu looked tasty, with everything from toast to porridge on the menu. They also had a small deli selection adorning their shelves which included garlic cloves and Tea Pigs bags. I don't know where the pig in Pig Tea comes from but they sure looked nice.

The girl working today was relaxed and very friendly, a damn sight chipper than most uptight coffee shops I've been to recently! Lovely. With their rustic bread and bohemian cafe feel, I would definitely go back for lunch. They also do outside catering; a tasty option for weddings and other special occasions!
Like Marj, I'm also not a fan of olives, everyone always tells me that they're an acquired taste, but no matter how many times I try them, I still can't force myself to like them. Like Marj, I am a huge fan of this dinky little deli; Bread and Olives, it's great!

Whenever I have popped in the staff are always friendly and seem to genuinely enjoy their job. I'd love it too if I was surrounded by such yummy food all day and would love to sample everything on offer. I've been in a few times now and I've pondered over what to go for for ages, there's just so much to choose from. Tasty salads, meats, cheeses and other delicious sandwich fillings and they also have a great range of juice boxes too.

The whole store is very healthy and if you're looking for a light bite then head along to Bread and Olives as you won't be disappointed.
Edinburghs best sandwich shop? I am yet to find one better!

Artisan bread, continental selection of meats and cheese......always going to be a winner with me to be honest!

What I really love is their daily specials, from butternut squash risotto to lasagne to masaka, they come up with some great food to get you through lunchtime.

Operating as a deli they also have some great biscuits, cake and other special snacks that will have you happily muching all afternoon!!
Herbie's does my head in. This branch is tiny, which means if you're a claustrophobe like me you can only shop here mid week. At the weekend there are too many folk in too small a space stocking up on Artisan bread and chicken liver pate. That said, their pate is the finest this side of the Channel. But (and it is a whopper of a 'but') the artisan loaves come in at just under 3 and there is no space to browse.
Pick a quiet moment and you can enjoy the wide range of fresh deli produce and bottled oils, preserves and trucklements. Dither during a busy moment and you'll be as welcome as a tourist in a New York diner.
Aberdeen Angus Rare Roast Beef, Wild Venison Haggis, Brie De Meaux, Chicken Liver Pate, and fresh crunchy crusty bread -- now that's what I call an absolutely perfect Saturday afternoon meal... Oh, if only I lived closer to this little bit of heaven!
The chicken liver pat is delicious -- any time I'm over that side of town I make a detour to pick some up.


 On the other hand, their bread which they claim to be the best in Edinburgh is okay but overpriced.
I've been to a few Peckhams in Edinburgh, but none feel as classy as this Stockbridge branch. It lures you in! On a warm day there are always people sitting outside and it is always busy.

I quite fancy myself as a viticulturist, and the selection of wine here is amazing. I didn't even recognise the majority of the bottles and names, and I think it showed on my face as I was helped within 3 minutes of coming in. The staff were lovely and really happy to helped, and they knew what they were talking about.

I then had a cake and sat outside watching the world pass me by. Their selection is great and quite reasonable for the size you get! It is a bit pricey, however, but it's Peckhams!
Oh, I lurve Peckhams. I always have. My pocket hates Peckhams, though. With reason. Because of its olives. And its cheese. And its cheesecake. And oh god. My pocket melts whenever it crosses Peckham's threshold. 

This Peckhams is smaller than the other ones I've been to in Bruntsfield and Newington. And it has its own cafe, where the others seems to have whole separate underground restaurants (do not quote me on this). 

There's little to say about it that would set it apart from the other two shops (the other two shops I've been to). They have a deli and an alcohol section. They have pretty decent coffees. I'd even say that I had one of the best lattes in Edinburgh there (don't quote me on this either: I don't want to make the staff big-headed unless I get some free caffeine outta the deal).

So, if you're in Stockbridge, stop by for a panini and a latte. Definitely have some cake too.
Peckham and Rye are in administration and this shop has already been sold off.
Not that surprising given their pricing , their items are now available through a far wider variety of outlets and they failed to really create any sort of unique selling point or draw.
Right next door to Nikki's sandwiches lies Herbie, "A shop for quality food without pretence" I quote from their website. 

True to their quote, they serve quality food without being pretentious.   Every visit I've made had been pleasantly complimented by cheery staff which takes the blow of spending that little bit more for a decent lunch. Their range of breads are exceptional and the sandwiches are top notch too.

With so many average delis around Edinburgh, Herbie stands out amongst the crowd.
Finding a decent outlet for sandwiches and other items of a take away nature that suits your lunch time requirements can be a tricky investigative process. If you're going to give somewhere your lunch time custom on a daily basis, then the place has got to be a cut above, because there's nothing more disappointing than having had a stressful morning and looking forward to your lunch, then being sorely underwhelmed by your first ravenous chomp into a panini lacking in flavour or with not quite enough salad leaves. 

With Herbie, thankfully, you can buy your favourite lunchtime creation, safe in the knowledge it'll definitely rank highly on the tastiness scale. There is an ace choice of daily soups on offer, more than usual for a sandwich shop I would say, plus there's a super range of panini combinations, and other breads and fillings to select from.
Holy quacamole. Or more accurately, holy bacon and all things good that should be in a quiche. The flaky, but thick pastry case. The Chicago deep-dish style of the quiche (meaning, it was so deep and huge and packed FULL of the egg filling), and the filling itself was packed FULL of bacon and the veggie one was packed FULL of spinach. I mean, every aspect of this quiche is done in mega proportions that leant itself to the ultimate quiche. Like the Ultimate Fighting Championship but the Ultimate Quiche Experience (UQE, Trademarked (pending)).

So Herbie's are a bakers and they do sandwiches and bread (oh my the bread). I'd have to say it wasn't known to me until I tried some at the Brass Monkey where they were holding a fundraised event and supplied the sandwiches and quiche. But I since discovered Herbie's provides bread to some of the biggest lunch places in town - Earthy, and I. J. Mellis (the godfathers of Scottish cheese in Edinburgh) and also further afield to places in Glasgow. That's got to be good bread if it's exported to the West Coast.

I also believe they are mostly about the bread, sandwiches and quiches rather than cakes, donuts, etc. They do have scones (scones as big as your FACE apparently).

So in a city full of sandwich shops, bakers and street after street of lunch-time options, I think Herbie's in the West End is a cut above the rest, and a quiche filling higher than the others, in terms of both quality, craftmanship and taste. Get the bacon quiche, you won't regret it.
Although it has been a while since my last visit,  I need to review this fantastic place!

They have a large variety of organic and local produce available - the breads are delicious and wholesome. There a 'filling counter' where you can pick & choose what to have on your sandwich, baguette or roll. When available I tend to go for the Brown multi-seeded granary with medium cooked roast beef, black pepper, some English mustard and red onion. Yumm!

Their soups are daily made and are packed with flavours. This is the West End so expect to pay a premium for your food. (not fair but that is the way it is) - Herbie at least something to give back on your hard earned cash! (oh, and they have a loyalty card too) 

I say for a slightly more luxurious lunch you can visit them, you won't be disappointed.
I have been trying their soups for the past two weeks. There is always a queue around lunch time (obviously lots of companies offices around here). The fresh sandwiches do seem very tempting, I must say. 

I think it's the little things that make the difference: big selection of soups (at least four per day, sometimes 6!), home-made bread, Lurpak butter for spreading, Fresh orange juice, Maple syrup latte coffee... 

Of course, consistently high quality of the provided food as well is highly appreciated. 

No surprise I'm regular there!!! 

Give it a go and I bet you will enjoy it!
This is a nice clean cut Polish deli (more like a supermarket) that's stocks everything you expect. But best thing about this place is not for the faint hearted, or faint anything really.

Pure Polish spirits.

Polish vodka is like paint stripper in a bottle. It burns so god damn good and will leave you with the worst hangover/coma you've ever had. Even the cheapest bottle, which is about the same price as Glens, its wonderful. You don't just get drunk, your mind goes somewhere else!

Why spend 30 quid getting drunk when you can spend a fraction of that being physically transported to the land of bunnys?
Ironically for a city that holds one of the world's most famous international festivals, Edinburgh is probably the least multicultural city I've ever seen in terms of it's residents. Almost everyone is white, and most are middle aged and or / middle class. Having stumbled upon Deli Polonia on the fantastic Leith Walk however, as well as a few other ethnic outposts in various parts of the city, I'm glad to say that things might be getting a bit more diverse in Scotland's capital.

With a focus on paprika and pickling, I must say that I do quite enjoy Eastern European food even if I'm no expert on it. If you're from the other side of the Iron Curtain  and are looking for something to remind yourself of home, then this vast, modern grocery should be a good place to start.
It's refreshing to take a stroll down Leith Walk and see this shiny new alternative to the various British greasy spoons and bland newsagents on offer.

Selling only the best Eastern European delicacies, Deli Polonia stock various jars, seasonings and cheeses from the Poles. But undoubtedly, the meat counter is enough to wow any carnivore who may fall under its spell.

As Gavin said, for a city that prides its reputation on hosting various colourful multicultural festivals, certain areas are pretty barren for the remainder of the year. It's nice to see this side of Leith Walk now housing a number of Polish businesses, including a book shop! Very resourceful for locals as much as it is for Polish people who have moved here.

You can't beat a bit of Polish sausage.
My pre-drinking weapon of choice is usually cider.  After a trek up Leith Walk before a night out a few months ago, I decided to go for some vodka, straight from the heart of Poland itself.  Deli Polonia has a really good, authentic feel to it with friendly, efficient service and well stocked shelves.  Their alcohol selection is particularly unique and they sell spirits of varying qualities and prices.  I went for the Poloskia (or something like that) which only cost about 5 for a 35 cl bottle and tasted better than most of the cheap British brands.  
This traditional Polish deli also had an impressive cold meats selection with everything from glazed, smoked pork to cured roast beef.  The prices are perhaps a little more expensive than your average deli, yet the quality of the produce and service makes it well worth the extra cost.
Ok, so the majority of this review is going to be about the awesome Polish vodka - but lets look at the actual deli first, because thats what Deli Polania is really.

There is a huge selection of everything you would expect - fresh meats, cheeses and various other bits and bobs that will have your mouth watering by the time you have been told what it is in a heavy polish accent buy the majorly cool and friendly staff.

Ok, enough of that. Lets talk about the vodka. Wow. It's amazing - vodka is normally my spirit of choice, and what a choice this deli offers. It ranges from what I assume to be the polish equivalent of Glens right through to the Russian Tzar's personal stash - and guess what? It's all pretty cheap and there is loads of it!! Excellent. But listen to my warning - Polish vodka is like nothing you can get in this country normally - it will literally blow your mind and if you arent careful, you will have the worst hangover ever - something which I found out the hard way. 

Enjoy responsibly :P
Deli Polonia is probably the largest Polish delicatessen in Edinburgh, particularly since it's been recently extended  to now include a cafe area.  The deli side of the business is compact, with the shelves stocked with a large variety of Polish sauces and the like, along with a lot of cheese and meat products.  The aroma inside was not as pleasing as the Chinese supermarket down the road, but still a large selection of things on offer.  There's a large Polish population in Edinburgh, and they will be well served by what Deli Polonia has to offer.

There's also now a cafe side to the business, since it's been recently extended in the past few months.  This is one of the best Polish stockists in the Leith area - essential if you're looking for something Eastern European to eat.
This year has a been a year of discovery for me. 

In the same time that I have discovered Leith isnt actually the dark side of the moon the same has happened for me with Poland. My new job has taken me to Krakow for 2 weeks so far and another 3 weeks to come as of Monday. 

What I found in Krakow was a cafe culture that naturally lends itself to smorgasbord tendencies. A blend of German, Czech, Russian and I guess Polish cuisines combine and create some great produce. A huge amount of it is smoked or pickled given Krakow's distance from the sea but I love it. 

So on returning from my first trip to Krakow and now being a Leith resident I was aware of Deli Polonia but had never though to visit it. What I found is a vibrant business fully of great fresh bread, meats, cheeses and various other Polish produce. Truly superb and a must for Leithers. 

Jd = happy man!!
Not been for a few years since I used to work at the Shore but the takeaway food in this basic little place was always great - especially the home made selection of salads for the lunch time salad boxes. 
I think it was the first, or one of the first sandwich shops to open up in Leith following the area's regeneration so hopefully it' still going strong.
One of the things I miss most about not working on The Shore - tasty takeaway lunches from Fleur's Deli.

With a great selection of super-fresh ingredients this was my favourite spot for a healthy salad box, or slightly less waistline-friendly toasted wrap. Yum yum!

Wonderful owners, great food. Don't be fooled by it's plain decor, this place is a wee gem!
Fleur's Deli on the Shore is a no fuss lunch time place where you can get soup, sandwiches, cakes, salad etc. 
I had just been walking and was looking forward to some soup. Preferrably hot. I walked past Rumbletums on Queen Charlotte Street, but unfortunately they were out of soup so I walked over to Fleur's Deli. 

Soup of the day was lentil soup. I asked for a small cup. To my slight disappointment, the soup was heated in the microwave instead of 'lovingly ladled from a soup cauldron'. Maybe they were closing soon so the cauldron was not on anymore, I don't know. Or maybe I'm just a romantic fool :) 

Got my soup and headed home (2 min walk). The soup was only lukewarm by the time I got home. It tasted good though, just what a lentil soup should be like. 

I am willing to try this place again, maybe next time I will choose a salad box or toasted wrap which seem to be popular.
In an area packed to bursting point with every conceivable kind of sandwich shop, deli, cafe and bistro, Fleur's really stands out for me. The portions are generous, the ingredients are almost always nop-notch (except the pastrami, for some reason) and there's a really great selection. Sandwiches, wraps, rolls, salad boxes and tray bakes are all available for very reasonable prices.

For me though, the wraps are where it's at. Fleur's avocado and mango salsa, or cous-cous and feta salad are rich and delicious. Throw some bacon at either and you have the kind of indulgent lunch that would easily cost a fiver in some other places. 

Fleur herself is the boss, not only of her (small) staff, but also of her customers. She'll remember you by name, get to know the kind of things you like and make brilliant suggestions for surprising new flavour combos. But dither or change your mind and she will show you no mercy. I know it sounds intimidating, but the banter really is part of what makes this such a great place - the first time she calls you an idiot is like being accepted into a secret club.

There's no sitting space and it gets pretty busy during lunch, so hanging about isn't a great option. But I've always enjoyed sitting out on the Shore to eat my lunch and watch the seagulls, especially in summer.

If a belly full of fresh, healthy, home-made food is more important to you than being treated like a princess, Fleur's Deli really is as good as it gets.

Do say: Thank you Fleur. Sorry Fleur.
Don't say: Can I have a minute?
I'm never quite sure why I have walked past this place and seen queues out the door - I really dont like Rudi's.

Not only does the whole queue thing allude to how slow the service really is - I think snails can be trained to do it quicker - but it is generally an off putting experience of being crammed into such a small deli with so many people.

Having waited for so long, once you have reached the front of the queue you will be starving - but there is a problem. There is such a small choice of sandwich fillings/other options that it wouldnt suprise me if you didnt see anything you fancied at all. Really, other places around here have so many more things on offer. Prices are also shamelessly expensive, and overall, the food really isnt that great at all.

As I said, I really dont understand this place doing so well.
Although the 'Rudi' logo is worthy of being printed on a t-shirt, their deli selection is not as attractive.

There's nothing particularly bad about Rudi deli: the sandwiches/baguettes are all freshly made and taste ok, and they do a particularly good foccacia, but on the whole it's nothing special.

Ridiculous queues due to sluggish service is a factor that taints my overall picture of Rudi, and the prices wont leave you satisfied either. As a result I often rule out Rudi for a lunchtime snack.

Simply A-OK. (only just though)
There's a reason this place runs out of sandwiches by late lunch time- sometimes earlier if the day is sunny! I have been there early enough  to see that they do make a lot of them in the morning. 

It's a takeaway sandwich bar with really fresh and tasty sandwiches. . Its Italian so don't expect complicated sauces etc, just pure fresh ingredients and good combinations of salamis, tomatoes, mozzarella salads etc. The Meadows are a stone's throw away so when the sun is out, grab your food and head there for a picnic. 

Unlike other yelpers I actually really like Rudi's and his sandwiches. 
It reminds me a bit of home : the sandwiches are there and ready if you want something with a million sauces and fillings then there is a subway down the street for you. If you want small changes or some particular combination with the ingredients on offer, the guy is always happy to make it so long as it is not panic time in the shop.
I don't know if I have been in this little cafe at a better time than the reviewers, but I loved it!

Rudi's is as delightful on the inside as it is on its outside. It has a cute, appealing signage and even more appealing light bites on the menu. It is very much Italian snacky, with ciabatta and focaccia being the food of choice. But that'll sort you out if you're starving, since it's a healthy carb fest filled with delicious topping options.

There are a load of deli's littered around Edinburgh, but this little business is, in my opinion, one of the better ones. It's affordable and fresh. And if you're unlucky enough to miss the sandwiches after the lunchtime rush, at least you can still grab a cup of lip lickingly good coffee. Lovely.
From my experience of Rudi's I've always found it to be pleasant inside with a great range of food and, in particular, breads.  The queues are usually painful around lunchtime and they could easily do with some more staff in there.  The vast majority of people come for their excellent sandwiches which are sold cheaply and do for a great lunch.  I usually go for one of their seeded brown baguettes with some smoked ham and salad.  
They have a great range of cooked meats, cheeses, olives and fresh salad.  The service isn't the quickest, but they're always friendly make your sandwich exactly as you ask for it.
With Baguette Express up opposite, Greggs up the road alongside subway Rudis is competing for lunch time trade but always wins for me! 

You can get the usual combinations on a selection of different breads but I'm always drawn to the pre-made gourmet sandwiches at the counter. Options are more diverse than in the other chain sandwich shops and my personal favourite was jarlsberg, ham, salad and basil mayo on a rosemary and thyme foccacia. Completely pretentious sounding I'll give you that but I'll take one of those over a limp ham salad baguette from across the road any day! And despite the premium products you don't have to pay premium prices.
One of my favourite sandwich shops and it gets a visit every time I am in town for work. I have been coming here for years, 2000'ish I think, and the prices really have not changed much. 

NOTE - The place its self is a tiny wee shop, so make sure you get in before lunch as the schoolies, students and Uni staff tend to pack the shop out. massive queues out the shop onto the street.

I haven't seen him in there in a while but the owner is one of the most genuinely friendly people I have met. My reason for mentioning this is that it is reflected on his staff. They are really helpful, friendly and polite. 

The sandwiches are great - inexpensive but packed with ingredients. You choose from one of about 20 or so options of pre made rolls. I have sampled most of these over the years and all were approved of. Veggies are also well catered for, example would be the roasted veg and hummus or their take on a caprassee sandwich. My favourites are the parisian or mafaleta. Both are meat and cheese based but the mafaleta is on a massive piece focaccia style bread and the parisian on a baguette. 

I have had better sandwiches/coffee etc but balancing the cost versus quality argument this place wins hands down.
A great little deli cafe, Relish is ideal for getting that quick bite to eat at lunch time or a morning coffee. 

Located near the water of Leith, and on Commercial Street, Relish provides freshly made sandwiches, homemade soups and a selection of hot drinks. Furthermore, it provides a wide range of cheeses, meats and Italian themed foods, including olives. 

I have been there a few times and on both times the food has been excellent and defiantly represents value for money. The soup and bread combo does not cost much more than two or three pounds, the tomato basil soup I tasted was warm and tasty. However, if you want a bit more to eat I can also advise upon the sandwiches. I had a baguette with cheese, salami Milano and a red onion salad. Again it was great and very filling as well!

I would certainly visit Relish again and I am envious of the people of Leith for having such a good deli cafe!
The Shore in Leith is constantly being heralded as the new centre of Edinburgh for foodies, and the existence of Relish right here seems to corroborate this.

It's a fairly high-end deli, where you can go for a sophisticated kind of sandwich or light lunch, or else do some gourmet shopping - they stock a range of cheeses, pickles, fancy-looking vegetables and the like.  It's a little pricey, but seems less so when you consider what the equivalent kind of shop would charge you somewhere like New Town.  And if you know your Roquefort from your Dolcelatte, then you'll recognise that Relish is a place of quality.
When I moved to Leith there was a part of me that regarded this as similar to being the dark sid eof the moon. A place where nothing grows, that food was most likely in doner form and that a deli was a corner shop.

How wrong I was....!

Relish is a great example of this and has become a lifesaver for me having lost Peckhams etc from my life. Great selection of wines, cheese and all other key favourites has amde this a must visit on pretty much a weekly basis.

As noted for a coffee and a crossant it makes a great Sunday stop as well as it does for those, well that was a helld of day lets get cracked into some wine moments!!

All in all a must visit for Leithers!!
Well after a longer period living on Leith I now love this place -  they are my Sunday morning go to place for a coffee and crossiant.

Also now using it more and more for those little cheeky deli items, they have the most awesome black olives and a great selection of cheeses!

Staff are so friendly and engage it a bit of chat about what you are going to do with certain ingredients and then next time you are in ask how it went! 

Love it long time!!
My 3rd review of this place - I now love it, rely on it and couldnt be without it!!

By example over the course of one weekend I made 3 visits for 3 totally different reasons.

Visit 1: Lunch - Their Barcelona Sandwich which i had as a toasted wrap - soft smokes chorizo with manchego and a balsamic glazed rocket salad! It was perfect - so so so good and just what I was looking for. Finished with a very nice espresso!

Visit 2: Deli Items - Sundried tomatos, fresh tomatos, garlic, black olives, dried porchini and crayfish tails.

Visit 3: Wine - lovely cabarnet saviogon under a tenner and very tasty!

All in all tremendous - they are also now one of the only stockists I have seen of salted cod which seems to be the in thing in recipes I read!! :)

JD = ooober happy man!
Grabbed lunch from here today... a CRAYFISH with lemon & paprika mayo wrap... ummm... a Deli that will sell me crayfish for lunch?! Yes please!! Why is this place not closer to MY place??!!!

Also grabbed a bag of Buffalo Wing flavoured pretzel chips.. yes.. you read that right.. BUFFALO WING pretzel chips.. 

Aside from those morsels of deliciousness, they had a selection of other sandwiches in the fridge or you could make your own from the counter.. 

Deli part seems well stocked though I didn't have too much time to look around. Also have a good selection of cheeses as well.

There's a few seats inside if you want to sit in, I chose to take my food and sit out in the sun by the Shore!
Absolutely love this place!!! Fantastic soups, sandwiches, cakes - actually everything is amazing! Everything is fresh and full of flavour! I have just started a new job across the road and this is my favourite lunch spot! The owner and staff are super friendly and helpful. Would recommend Relish to anyone who likes amazing food and variety at a reasonable price.
I really, really, really want to like this place. Why? Because it's on the first floor of my office building, making it the perfect location for those days I've been too rushed to eat breakfast or when I'm too caught up in work to leave for lunch. Unfortunately, the location (and friendly service) are about all this place has to offer. 

The espresso drinks aren't half bad - in fact, my Americano was comparable to that at most other coffee places - but the veggie sandwich I had was atrocious. First of all, it had random veggies like black olives and shredded carrots that don't usually appear on veggie sandwiches. At least in 2008, vegetarian items are expected to be as interesting and tasty as meat-based dishes, and someone ordering a veggie sandwich is expecting hearty vegetables like asparagus, mushrooms, or artichokes not the toppings from a house salad. As if the veggie selection weren't bad enough, everything was absolutely drowning in mayo and the bread was dry. Not good. Not good at all.

Dagwood's definitely has convenience going for it, but I'd rather drive 2-3 minutes and get a great sandwich at Wildflower, the Vig, or Bertha's.
The short: Somewhat reasonably priced sandwiches as long as you get all the fixings that come with an order. The young ladies working the counter are friendly and eager to please, though orders come out slowly as the crowd gets thick around lunchtime--there's only one woman making sandwiches and one woman making the specialty coffees. There's plenty of indoor and outdoor seating and you can move the small cafeteria-style tables around to accommodate groups. It caters to employees in the attached and nearby office buildings, so it's open only for breakfast and lunch.

The long: Two words--Breakfast burrito. Fill a big white tortilla with a hearty row of "great way to start your day" (in other words, eggs, cheddar, and sausage--or bacon, if you want to celebrate another great porcine form), but don't stop there! Oh no. Push it over the top. This will make you smile at everyone you meet for the next 24 hours: throw that sucker onto a Panini machine. And please, don't forget the salsa. Sure, it's from a jar, but it's just enough red and acid to puncture the cholesterol you're about to coat your arteries with. The Reuben's another good get. Not the best, and it can get messy if you let it sit around too much, with the Italian dressing (that's right, I'm no purist, and I'll take Italian if that's what there is) soaking through the bread, but it's a good stand-in when you can't stop by New York for lunch to get an authentic deli sandwich. They're more than willing to custom make a sandwich for you, top to bottom--just let them know. If you're in a rush, as I usually am when I run over there from my office, I call my order in, and it's ready in 10 minutes. The coffee is decent, though the recently opened Starbucks stole some of their thunder with their "big name" drinks (not necessarily with quality, and certainly not with value. 

There's also a small selection of grab-and-go items if you're in a rush: baked/breakfast goods (muffins, cookies, rice krispie squares, brownies, bagels); packaged oatmeal with granola and sometimes fruit on top; packaged salads with a handful of different dressings; and a basket of fruit.

There's a breakfast and lunch special every day, as well as coffee specials, that make the place well worth visiting once in awhile.
It's very convenient for the people like me who work in the building. The food is decent depending on what you get. I find that they don't typically use the freshest produce/veggies but most of the sandwiches are much better than the salads. They are typically understaffed. The lady working there is super nice but never seems to have any help.
The Deli is welcoming and friendly cafe situated on Morningside Road.  Its name is slightly misleading as it is not necessarily a delicatessen.  It probably does most its trade through selling filled rolls, sandwiches and hot drinks.  The interior decor is clean and the bright colours on the wall create a bright atmosphere.  
At the front counter the service is efficient and they have an impressive range of ingredients for sandwich fillings as well as a variety of different breads and baguettes.  I had cajun chicken and salad in a nice crispy baguette with a packet of cheese and onion crisps.  It tasted great but it was also quite pricey as it came to about 3.50 for what was essentially just a sandwich and a bag of crisps.  
I can't dispute the quality of this place, however, and The Deli offers fresh ingredients, an extensive range of food and drink and great service to match.
Their toasted wraps are phenomenal! Highly recommend
Been going here for years.  The two Turkish guys that run it are brilliant.  I probably only manage in about once a fortnight, but I only have to walk in the door and they're already putting the mocha on heat for me.  I think they know all their regulars by name and preference, and there are plenty of them too.  You don't need to be a well known face to be made welcome though.  Lunchtime soup is to be savoured (it's almost always tomato and basil by the way).  Be sure to ask for bread to accompany.
I loved this shop so much when I was studying abroad in Edinburgh that when I saw that Yelp was in the UK, I immediately looked up this place to review it.  
A million wonderful things to say:
- Just about the only place to get American-style (not Canadian-style) bacon in Edinburgh
- My introduction to fresh mozz cheese--OMG so good when paninied!
- Friendly staff--a must when you're studying abroad so far from home!

Drool--just thinking about a chicken-bacon-mozzarella panini with tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers and pepper from this place is making me miss Edinburgh. A lot.
Small friendly sandwich shop with a Dutch influence.  The owner is always friendly and great care and attention goes on making every sandwich.

There are a few seats inside if you want to sit in but it's just a few paces from the Meadows where you can enjoy the outdoors and have your sandwich on a park bench.
I've been to Lagermans for lunch after lectures in George Square plenty of times and it always offers a tasty lunch at a reasonable price.  It feels like a delicatessen inside with plenty of continetal breads, fillings and some inspiring decor.  The staff are welcoming, friendly and know about all of the good foor which they sell.  
My personal favourite is a turkey panini with loads of salad and salad cream - tastes amazing.  Further, it's all served in generous portions with plenty of exactly what you ask for.  You can get a delicious sandwich with a drink for just 3 which is a decent deal. 
Lagermans is ideal for a cheap, filling and tasty lunch if your in the area.
If it wasn't for Finlay's this would be the shopping jewel in Portobello High Street's crown. This shop and coffee shop stocks a myriad of gorgeous and unusual food. They stock cheese from Iain Mellis and always have fresh italian and french bread every day. You can pick up vegetarian specialities and gluten free products. They make up great rolls on the spot for you which go down a treat at lunchtimes. They have lovely homebaking, their scones and carrot cake are so very special. On a nice day get a coffee or hot chocolate, read the paper and relax in their comfy sofas.
This great little delicatessen is located smack bang in the middle of Portobello, on the High Street.  There's not a lot of competition to this place locally, and it combines a small delicatessen with a cafe in another section of the shop.  I had a good nosey round some of their produce, and it all looked really nice.  Posh looking crisps, jams and marmalades, locally made cakes filled the shelves.  They also had some bread and baked goods, as well as tasty looking meats and cheeses in the chiller.  Combine this with cheery staff, and you have a place that I could happily come back to.

I liked the little touches in this place.  For example, on the outside, under the logo it said: "London, Paris, New York."  So, you start thinking that it must be part of a global chain.  Until you read underneath this "are other cities."  I'm sure everyone who reads this when they go in will chuckle to themselves on the inside.  Well, maybe the first time they go in at least.

Prices are not cheap, but I'm sure that the quality will justify this.  Nothing like a good deli, and this is a prime example.
With a lack of cafes on Portobello High Street it was quite a pleasant surprise to stumble over this caf - delicatessen. 

From the outside, this place looked fresh and quite busy. It was a glorious day and people were sitting outside enjoying sandwiches and drinks, while enjoying the weather. So from this scene I went inside and ordered a freshly made ham salad roll. The produce all looked very fresh and they even stocked cheese from the famous I J Mellis Cheesemongers. 

Kitchener's is split into a caf and a deli. The caf was quite busy indoors when I visited, so the place was full of chatter and the smell of coffee, a very good indicator that this place is popular locally. 

My roll was very tasty and the bread was even made on premises! My roll was not too expensive for a roll which was made to order. 

Well worth a visit!
They make a great pie and chips here and if you phone first they can have your order ready for you. I've a a few great lunches here all washed down with a large pot of tea.
This is a great little shop that offer a great varied menu at good prices. Located on Poterbello High Street, Deli 194 is a great place to come for a pre or post trip to the beach. 
They sell a good range of drinks such as teas and coffees and the usual soft drinks, but they also do a few milkshakes as well. When it comes to their food, they have a great range of tasty meals that can be eaten in our taken away. They do a great all day breakfast which I had and offers great value for money and it isn't as greasy as some that I have had and was cooked really well. They also do jacket potatos, macaroni cheese and panninis amongst others.
Furthermore, they also do desserts where you can have ice creams, gateaus and other sweet items. For a small restaurant it really does have a great, extensive menu.
Very pleasant little place. Excellent coffee and hot filled rolls with nice fresh bread, not a bad breakfast at all!

Excellent value for money, nice friendly atmosphere with table service as well as take away deli. Does a nice mix of a traditional "greasy spoon" menu with more exotic tastes also catered for. I will be returning for the Italian sandwich and perhaps minute steak sandwich too! This place has certainly earned the classification of Deli rather than greasy spoon.
Awful... Sorry but it was! 
On taking a seat in the little cafe I could here one member of staff say loudly to the other 'are we still seating people?' (This being approx 3.15 in the afternoon and the cafe still being open was kind of a giveaway in my eyes) before we even managed to sit we were being prompted for our order, when asked if we could have a minute it became apparent we had maybe spoiled an early closing. 
After the 3rd looming question approximately 1minute apart we opted for a latte, a tea and chic chip shortbread. When our beverages arrived it was the same heart sinking disappointment that this cafe was now showing a pattern off. Hot milk with froth in the disguise of a 'latte', a dip of a tea bag in hot water that with a good dose of iron tablets could probably get it looking less anaemic was placed in front of us. 
On perusal of this cafe i decided against eating the shortbread as i pointed out to my friend the dirt and dust bunnies under the moveable shelving area which has obviously not been moved since opening. The whole place could do with being shut down, gutted and reopened with a fresh lick of paint and an up to date health and safety law poster. That would be good.
This bistro offers a great selection of breads and sandwich fillings for those (occasional) sunny days on the meadows for sandwiches. It also has very good hot meals (the bacon roll rocks!) and the coffee is very good. 

There are some indoor and outdoor tables to sit at and it's located in a quiet corner close to the Meadows. Being a bistro you can buy a selection of jams, trickles, organic spreads, olive oil, cheeses and smoked meats as well as some organic veggies. 

The girls who have served me on the various occasions I have been here have varied in service, a couple being a bit ditsy with our order and getting it completely confused, whilst others being just fine. Prices are standard for an Edinburgh Bistro, meaning the quality is great but the prices are a bit high. There sweet selection was a bit disappointing compared to other bistros though, but I like the red building it's in and the layout of the shop!

A lovely place to head for a snack/coffee after a lazy afternoon in the Meadows!
This place has a sweet deal. 

Not only is it one of the best deli's/bakers/cafe's ever - when the sun comes out it gets a load of business from the students who take over the meadows just over the road.

Seriously, this place is wonderful- the deli counter is full of things tht you just have to try, meats, cheeses, spreads - its all amazing looking. The little shop also does odd little bit and bobs too - so you can stack up on your gormet tea and fruit preserve.

The cafe is what I come for really though. Grab a seat outside in the sun, order a drink and a breakfast rool. The bacon is award winning, and you can tell - its amazing, and always well cooked. You also get a choice of breads from the wide selection of freshly baked breads/baguettes/rolls which makes it all the more tasty.

A really great place, whether you eat in the cafe, or take it home from the deli.
Victor Hugo is a great little Continental Deli on the edge of the Meadows in Edinburgh.  It is in an ideal location to catch all the University students on their walk to and from classes and is a great place to go to in the summer as it is just across from the Meadows.  

Victor Hugo has an excellent selection of freshly made bread and serves sandwiches and cakes make fresh every day.  They have a counter full of all different types of meats and cheeses which are very tempting.  My absolute favourite is their chocolate brownie which is very more-ish and I frequently pop in for breakfast in the mornings and have the fresh fruit salad.  Everything is organic and freshly made, and although everything tastes delicious, it is a wee bit pricey.   Victor Hugo now sell hampers so you can choose which foods you want in it and they will make it up and deliver it to you.

There is seating inside the shop, and it also has tables and chairs outside so it is a lovely place to sit and watch all the action from the Meadows on a warm day.
Victor Hugo is in an excellent location for catching a great sandwich as you walk along Melville Terrace.  The first time I came in here I wasn't too impressed as it was nearing closing time and it just looked under-stocked and expensive.  Since then, however, I've been back several times and discovered that it actually has plenty to offer.  The service is friendly, inviting and knowledgeable about the produce they sell.  They have a decent range of organci, healthy cereals as well as the usual olives, cured meats, wines and a vast selection of cheeses.  Further, they have freshly baked bread on a daily basis which makes for delicious sandwiches.  My personal favourite it is their salty, smoked ham with strong cheddar and tomatoes.  
Their prices aren't exactly cheap, but they make up for this with the quality of their produce.
The Victor Hugo Deli is the perfect pit stop if you've spent the day in The Meadows and are looking for somewhere to freshen up and grab a bit to eat. It's a beautiful deli with friendly staff, a great selection of savoury and sweet snacks and as well as sitting in you can also get food to go.

The sandwich fillings seem endless, each one looking more delicious than the last and I was torn with what to go for. I ended up going for a chicken salad roll and it was to die for, exactly what I needed after a busy afternoon. 

My favourite thing about Victor Hugo Deli is the fact that many of the seats are in little booths right beside the window which means you can look out over The Meadows whilst sipping on tea.
It's a deli, brilliant, nearly an instant high scoring for offering exciting and exotic foods arranged in an attractive manner, although obviously if the food tasted horrendous despite looking amazing then that would be a different matter, but anyway. This establishment also has a really catchy name, or maybe it's the dramatic Les Miserables connection.

Victor Hugo isn't really anywhere near my 'hood, which is unfortunate, as it means I don't frequent this deli as much as I would. The first time I came in here I was on the way to a friend's house in Marchmont, and Victor Hugo appeared as my red painted solution to the fact I hadn't bought anything to bring over to my friend's flat for dinner. One tub of plump mixed olives, a good bottle of white wine, and some organic, crazy flavoured chocolate later, I was all set to shower my friend with culinary joys.

Everything you would expect from a deli is here, and there's a fairly extensive range of goods on display on the full to the brim shelves. Victor Hugo has a very traditional look and feel, with its stacked wooden shelves and wooden counter, which I always feel is quite comforting. A lot of the brands and produce here are quite unique, or at least I hadn't ever seen a lot of the products before, and there seems to be a lot of smaller, local producers on sale, which is always good chat. Victor Hugo hosts quite a few tasting events, so I'd get in there for a enthusiastic nibbling if I were you.
This cafe always catches my eyes when I'm on my way home to Marchmont from Newington. Possibly because it's painted a delicious red colour, possibly because it has loads of gourmet deli goods. My heart flutters mainly at the prospect of their cheese. I'm certain in another life I was probably a cheesemonger. Scratch that, I was definitely a cheesemonger.

Just like any gourmet deli, it has overpriced sandwiches made with beautiful bread and beautiful fillings. They also make pretty decent coffee at not too outrageous a price. There's seating inside and outside (when the weather allows) and it's pretty much the only cafe in the area.
I am going to go against the grain here and give this a 2 not because some of the stuff is not really nice, but I just feel that it is a bit meh...
I have lived just up the road for about 10 years - off and on, and have been a regular at victor hugo for all that time, but this latest incarnation has failed from the start.

I must say, I do like their hot rolls and their danishes, and the coffee is ok but the service is PAINFULLY slow - over 15 minutes to make 4 americanos - and we were 2nd in the queue! There just doesn't seem to be a 'system' or order to the place. I would also say that the small amount of fresh produce is really a bit sorry, the limes were so withered and just not what I would expect from such a place. Yes, the hot food is good, but (and I might be wrong) I feel that a lot of the stuff is bought in - the cakes and the sandwich fillings in particular. 

There are nice products to buy, but they seem to have all been picked just because they have a taste award or some award given to them. I don't really get the feeling that they use the local potential as much as a 'foodie' shop like that should be doing. Additionally, although a lot of the products are decent, many of them are not particularly unique - they are availible in supermarkets or other Edinburgh delis for less .

If I am making up a hamper for someone, I would possibly look in here for inspiration because it is handy, but I know from experience that I generally use Demijohn for my oils and places such as Clark's and Mellis for chutneys and cheese.

A true case of style over substance, but I am sure I will succumb to the black pudding roll again in the future.
so I did succumb to my roll...and was greeted with an atmosphere that could be cut with a knife. I had forgotten just how objectionable the woman owner is. She talks in a terrible manner to her staff in front of customers, ok it was just 2 of us in at the time but it was still embarrassing. She actually called"service" when all her staff were busy and a guy had just arrived at the till. Had she also been busy then that would be ok, but she did not seem to be occupied and just walked straight outside to have a smoke. In my opinion she should have seen to him. I also don't think it professional that she smokes outside the shop, it is a food store for goodness sake! At the cafe in the museum I worked in, people smoked in the garage. I guess it its one star for the roll and one star in pity of the poor girls who work there...awkward!
In theory, Victor Hugo could be renamed "Jen's Little Corner of Heaven" as it houses all I hold dear in this world: a continental deli with a huge selection of meats and cheeses, sandwich fillings, fresh bread, an abundance of home bake cakes and tarts, and other fresh made lunch / dinner dishes like lasagne, stuffed aubergines, and the like. It also has a small shop section with some juices, fresh veg, plenty oils, health bars, jarred olives etc.

I could picture myself sitting here late one night, sipping an espresso and eating a small, but satisfying, slice of dark chocolate tart Parisian style. That is if I liked espresso (latte's just aren't as sexy are they?) It has the European charm, the late opening hours, and the good food to boot.

They have nice little booths where you can sit in and enjoy a coffee, tea, sandwich, breakfast, lunch, dinner. They do takeaway morning rolls all day, and at weekends have eggs benedict etc. available.

It's also open until 10am weekdays and 8pm weekends. This means, for example, that I was able to stop in here last night around 9pm and pick up a slice of tart au pommes to enjoy with a cuppa at home. There's not many places around the Marchmont area that provide such a service.

The food is really quite nice. There are a variety of sandwiches to choose from, but you can make up your own. There's also a 'half-price' bread basket where you can pick up good deals.

There are a few minor factors that steal away that final sexy fifth star. Call me pernickety, but the shop is never very warm inside. During the peak of the cold spell I had to keep my jacket and scarf on inside. The door wouldn't shut properly y'see. So my eggs benedict went cold. What you want is a cosy, steamy, coffee-flavoured expereince, not to see your breath in the air. The shop assistants can also be mostly friendly, but occasionally I've had the odd snub. Finally, I think the tray bake cakes are bought in. They are delicious, but having been to other bakers and patisserie's in the city where all is made fresh on premise, it just means Victor Hugo lacks that certain je ne sais quoi.

Saying all that, I do really really like Victor Hugo. Especially the wide array of deli foods, and the late opening hours.

There is also a Friday Night Supper club from 7.30pm where a new menu is concocted every week, and you pay a flat fee (around #16.50) for a three course meal. I am sorely tempted myself.

Final, both very good and very bad point. They always have cake samples available on the till desk. Which means when I pop in even just for milk I come out munching brownie, or muffin, or meringue. My waist line does NOT like Victor Hugo so much.
A less than enjoyable Sunday brunch was had here recently, and it was enough to make me reevaluate my enjoyment of V.H.

As a deli, it's great. As I've said before, there's a plethora of meat, cheese, vinegars, oils. They have a good, varied and unusual range of savoury foods for lunch and dinner every day; so if you were needing a tasty dinner option, didn't want to cook, but still wanted home-made meals, pop in here for a reheatable delight. Seriously tempting stuff. Their cakes are also scrummy.

But this is all for takeaway. To sit in I really haven't ever had a 'lovely' expereince. Y'know when you want Sunday brunch, you want to cosy up somewhere for an hour or two, deliicious food, the paper, warm and cheery enviornment? Everytime I've sat in, the staff have seem a little flustered. The girls are all lovely, but there generally seems to be an air of subdued panic. 

Most recently, the boy and I came here. His order was taken and I wasn't asked what I wanted. As a result, I ordered seperately, and my food came out 10 minutes after his. So he'd finished his soup (which was delicious) and sandwich before mine arrived. When it did, the order was wrong. I'd asked for eggs benedict without hollandaise (I can't stand the stuff). It came with hollandaise. I saw the girl write down 'without' on the tab, so it must have been a misread in the kitchen. It was duly replaced with a fresh one. Fine. But this, on top of my order being taken seperately and arriving later than my dining partner's left me eating it whilst he watched me, without the same shared glow of "mmm isn't this Sunday brunch lovely". It felt more that "right now my food's here, I need to eat it". Yknow?

Ok so that was a mini rant. I do still like Victor Hugo's for all the delicious food it provides. But the sitting in experience has always left me slightly jaded, and this particular instance put me off dining in again. A pity really.
Never disappoints! Great Union coffee and delightful pastries, and their deli cheeses and numerous ham, salami, etc are high quality and delicious!
I've had a similar experience to Jenny's. Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.

I was here with a friend and we opted to sit outside, which means they bring your drinks out. Great, you think. Less hassle for us and more time to have a chat. Not quite.

The mocha that my friend ordered was stone-cold, so cold in fact, that it made him a wee bit grumpy. (which I can imagine as it was chilly out). It was also covered in what I think was cocoa powder, normal for mochas but not when the cocoa covered lake is sloshing all over the rim of the cup (drips everywhere, the cup was swimming in a puddle on the saucer making it impossible to take a sip without dripping all over yourself.)

Maybe it's not such a big deal that a deli doesn't serve a proper in-house mocha, but it just ... was such a disappointment to have a simple hot drink turned into a cold disaster.

This probably is a very good deli however, the sit-in experience was aggravating to say the least. The annoying thing is that this place has real potential, it just seems like they don't really car as far as in-house service goes.

Shame!
This place is quite delicious. Been here many of times for every meal of the day. 

Pros:

Sundays they have great brunch food and if the weather is good we like to sit outside and stare into The Meadows. 

Fridays are super because they have Supper Club every Friday with a rotating prix fixe menu at a fairly affordable price with 3 courses including a amazingly tasty cheese board (mmm do I love me some cheese!)   

During the week I've come here for lunch mostly. The food is tasty and they always have vegetarian options. They have great sandwiches and quiche too. 

Cons: 

They tend to take a while to get their food out. I am usually not in a hurry when I go here but when you order to sit in, it takes twice as long as take out it feels like. Which really, that would be fine, but the setting isn't that comfortable inside because most of the time the main tables are taken up. I wish they had a big comfy chair in there and then maybe that would make it better but they truthfully have no where to put one. 

Otherwise this place is really great and I love stopping in when I'm passing by. My favourite would have to be the Friday Supper Club and, if you're not in a hurry, head here for some good coffee, cheese, olive oils, and hot foods.
As i've just moved very close to Victor Hugo and i've heard very good things about it i've been dying to try it out. I walk past it everyday and my mouth waters at the sight of all the cheese in the deli counter. So today i finally went in.

We sat in and i had a tea and my friend had a sandwich and water. I do like that they have bottles of tap water and glasses in the chiller cabinet so you can just help yourself, it's a nice touch. My tea was nice and everything was nicely presented on wooden boards.

The staff seem friendly and i want so badly to love this place but i was a little disappointed. The door is kept open so it is really cold when sitting in, and the seating is a little odd. We had to sit at the end of a long table and then some people with lots of children came in and so sat at the same table. This made it a little difficult to have a chat with my friend.

I do love the thought of this place so no doubt i will be back again soon so i will review again :) I do look forward to it on the summer as it has lots of outdoor seating and it's in a lovely location!
This has become my 'corner-shop' and whilst it might be a bit more pricey than the old Spar of my youth, it's far more tasty. How good my morning poached eggs and bacon taste coupled with the spicy tomato chutney. Or how delicious my lunchtime sandwich with the thick-cut Blacky ham. Or how deliciously different a dinner of tapas can be with the chickpea salad, smoked duck and one of their home-made desserts.

There aren't many other delis in this area, and Victor Hugo does provide very well for the continental meat and cheese lovers, as well as olive oils, balsamic vinegars and other pickles, and jars of spices and flavours. They have tasty cakes too, although I think the ones atop the counter are bought in (as many can be in delis in Edinburgh).

The customer service here is still what lets it down. The staff are always a little confused about who is doing what task, it's slow, there's often a queue. It happens far too frequently, in fact it never *not* happens, for it to be a fluke or coincidence. I do like Victor Hugo for the food, and it's not that the staff aren't nice - it's just ever since my last Sunday brunch incident I've not wanted to sit in, and several times I've had to wait 20 minutes in a queue just to buy a jar of my beloved tomato pickle. Ah well.

It is popular with locals, a great spot in the sun for a coffee. The home-made food is nice, and their Supper Club looks good on a Friday night. I'm glad Victor Hugo is my very fine 'corner shop' for milk, rye bread, and houmous. Oh and don't forget the morning rolls. Sunday saviour.
Ive had a love/hate relationship with this place for a few years now but I think it's starting to grow on me.. It's in a great position to pick up lots of passing trade from the wide and varied residents and users of the meadows.. As a deli it's fantastic with lots of fabulous cold meats and cheeses to choose from and a wide range of accompaniments from olives to grilled vegetables it can be easy to get carried away - although you have to be careful as it's definately not cheap but great for the occasional treat! 

They also stock a range of cakes although unfortuneately for me they are still very slim on the gluten free choices although the introduction of a gf chocolate brownie is a step in the right direction! If breakfast if your thing then I'd recommend a good old bacon sandwich (my pre gf days!) with your choice of fresh crusty roll and home made sauces or chutney is well worth the visit! 

All in all a good place for a catch up over coffee (Not a coffee drinker myself but am reliably informed it's very good!) and a spot of people watching in the meadows, better in the summer (well if the sun shines!) as the outside seating makes for a more enjoyable experience! 

Oh and if you like this place then why not try their new place down in Portobello which is opening soon....
Nice coffee and very nice selection of cheese etc... Ruined by a weird Eurodance playlist they were playing there when I went, incidentally on a "coffee date" with a really nice girl.
Lesson learned, don't take a girl there.
Or, if the girl's into that type of cheesy Eurodance music, don't invite her on a date ;-)
Another branch of Victor Hugo, this time in sunny Portobello. 

Went here for a coffee and ended up spending a good couple of hours here. You order at the counter (and then pay) as its not table service. Coffee was good. Usual selection of deli items and cakes and they even had gluten free brownies which were lovely and moist but not too heavy. Decent brunch menu and seating outside and inside.

Nice addition to Portobello and would return as its a great place for a catch up without feeling rushed.
I think like most other yelpers I am a little bit indecisive about Victor Hugo's. From the exterior, it is everything I want a cafe to be: a position in a bright red corner of Marchmont, continental tables outside the caf, the meadows as the its front garden. This image promised a French love of food and picnics in the park.

There is a cheese counter inside, the cheeses do seem way too overpriced. The fridge has some interesting options like stromboli, yet these also seem a bit steep. There's a gluten free cupcake! I'll take it! I took it home, and the frosting was just overpoweringly sweet and crumbly, the sponge was dry. Some of the other cakes looked good, yet the scones were not the best in town.

I had some kind of vegetable soup here once, it was that forgettable that I can't remember which vegetables it had in it. It was just a thing to fill the void.

I have tried the bread in the past, and it was good when bought fresh, though I am not sure whether they make it on the premises or buy it in bulk from au gourmand (not so much of a bad thing, the lovely people at au gourmand bake very well). 

So... hit and miss, a little overpriced, somewhat pretentious. Nothing to call home about. I have never heard anyone rave about the coffee here either.
Popped into Victor Hugo for lunch bites, and to order soup. Staff not sure if there is any left, goes to check. Is it still lunchtime I thinks. Quick time check shows it's around 1pm, and wah-hay soup is available; Broccoli & Stilton. 

Quick service and soup looking good, but thats where it ended. I was presented with a v.cool bowl of soup, chef had not told staff it was cold. Surely that's the first thing to do? I asked for it to be quickly blasted with some kind of heat, that done it was fine, no worries!? Not salty either (another gripe of mine), but it was tasty.

Staff helped with wobbly table and straightened it with technical cardboard, so I was happy with that as needed to work. But again something upset the apple cart? BT was only connection for wifi shown here. I kind of thought they used to have a varied connection here?

With the chocolate moose cake arrival, which I must say was delightful looking and so easy to eat whipped up so soft and light (more pls), coupled with soy cappuccino was great. I quizzed staff on what happened to wifi and if VHugo still had its own dedicated wifi. No idea was the reply and would check, but guess what - never came back to me.

So minuses for no wifi, another for staff not getting back to me, plus another for resurrection of cold soup, after making a fuss. I don't like to critique much but when it wasn't really busy, what can you do - discreet suggestion box?  VH I know you can do better; lots of people agree with this. 4 stars for tasty food, but nothing else.

Overall a pleasant place to have food, as it's quieter, has an appealling Italian feel to it with shelves stock full of deli products. Look forward to another visit when I don't need the Internet...may be for late supper as it's BYOB.
Whew been awhile since I wrote a review so here goes. Stopped in this place just to see what was up as I was headed someplace else but this place caught my eye. On walking in I saw it was a little deli type coffee shop I guess to put it appropriately. I was over come with joy at finding my first little italian type deli where I could get cured meats, fresh bread, yummy olives and other goodies. I snooped around as any good wannabe food connoisseur would. The products all looked pretty fresh and quite yummy. But what I was turned off from was the prices and unfortunately the customer service. I didnt feel very welcome or the staff was not to friendly like they are in most italian delis and such. I am sure the food is good and all as I only bought some olive bread which I will tell you was amazing and I will be headed back just for that alone. But I was not completely impressed so I will have to come back in again for some deli food and see how the service is again. Because if it is better I will give another star and update my review of this place.
I really like this place but the slow service knocks of a star for me. 
Popped in for a post-run brunch & although it was busy I counted 5 staff. I'm not sure if some were fairly new but no-one seemed to be in overall charge & it was fairly chaotic. 

The service was really slow - we waited 10 mins to get a pot of tea, the couple next to us hadn't even received their drinks by the time they'd finished their food & our food - bacon baguettes -were cold when they arrived & the bacon was sparse. It used to be so much better.
Have had a lovely time chatting with a friend today. 

Sadly no plugs to charge phone or free wifi. 

Spacious and gentile. Had lovely prawns on baked potatoe with salad. It was perfect. My friend loved his coffee.
I would so like Victor Hugo's to be better! It has all the ingredients but comes up short time and again. Brilliant location and essentially a good business model let down again and again by poor execution.  Often freezing cold too as the door is left propped open in midwinter! 
The use of boards as trays or plate substitutes seems like a good idea (they look nice) until they plonk them down and spill your coffee (they don't work!  -have you not noticed!!) This is after waiting 10/15 mins for said spilled coffee to arrive.  (In the freezing cold wind tunnel!) Oh dear! Please sort it out.
Quite a disappointing experience at Victor Hugo 
Because they have a good selection of food..ie cheese
Ham etc but the service itself and the hot food is terrible.

The view is great when u choose to sit outside looking right across the meadows. The reason why I've giveb two stars. 

I ordered the steak and mushroom red wine pie..which was extremely salty.. had new potatoes with it..it was average.

Went to the fridge for several types of cheese ..it took the staff about a good 5 minutes to serve me..I chose around 7 types and all wrapped in brown bags with no labels so I know I wont be remembering which is which when I get home.. 

When paying for the cheese.. the staff basically shoved all the bags into one of the tiniest brown bag...it came up to 9.80 and he told me they are currently doing a deal if I spend 10 or over on cheese I get a box of crackers.  So I got some Brie too..and yep he shoved the Brie into the already nearly exploding brown bag...

So when I finally sat down for the very salty pie...I was put off and left it aside after a couple bites and looked at the crackers they gave me. By Rude Health. I opened the box. ..and the plastic wrapping inside was opened...a couple pieces were missing too..there I've lost it...went back in..exchanged it...and left..

I wont be going back again...
I have been coming here for years and was a little saddened when the previous owner sold up and moved on. However the place was spruced up and new deli items were offered a few years back. For one reason or another it was quite some time till I managed to get back. 

I have visited several times for coffees over the years and pop in ever few weeks/months for a pizza slice as this is the only place I can find that sells these inside out school pi\zza slices (base/cheese/sauce). I gave up on the other deli offerings some time ago, due to various bad cheese experiences etc.

Each time I have the same issue. The staff really don't seem to have a clue about the products they sell or how the work flow behind the counter needs to work. it took 20 minutes for the couple in front of me to be served and for me to pay for a pizza slice and a quiche. This also somehow tied up all 3 staff for each transaction...mmm. Every time I am in there seems to be new staff, previously it was the same staff for years and years. I think this may be where some of the problems lie. 

Okay for a coffee if you not in a rush, but many of the food items are expensive and seem a little past their best on occasion. Staff really don't seem to know about the products or the service they are delivering.  

The good points 

- Pizza slice
- Potatoe Salad
- Quiche / Spanish Tortilla
- Sit outside over looking the meadows
- The coffee
- Nice clean, well laid out shop

The Bad Points

- The service, it is slllloooowwww
- The staff don't seem to understand what they are selling and how the till works.
- My missus is veggie and ended up with a quiche Loraine rather than the tomato/pesto one on the signage. Veggies and bacon don't mix well. ;D
Santangeli is pretty much the perfect corner shop - it's not such a big place, but it's deceptively capacious. They've got something of everything - not necessarily a great choice of each product, but everything they have is good quality. Their specialist areas include organic and vegetarian goods, the deli and the off license. There's always a great range of beers in the fridge, and some offers that rival any Oddbins or Tesco.


 The deli is also a thing of joy - there's usually a select range of ready made sandwiches in the fridge nearer the door, but take a roll from the baskets to the deli counter at the back and they'll fill it with anything from the deli, for a very reasonable price (depending on the size of roll and the number of fillings.) There's also fresh coffee, tea and soup available from the deli counter.


 Quality doesn't come particularly cheap, but it's not overpriced at all either - it certainly compares favourably to Peckhams, which has a similar range and style. The staff are always friendly, and many treat every customer as if they are a regular.


 It would be expensive to do your weekly shopping here, but if you need a few bits and bobs, or something special, it never disappoints.
Whenever I'm over in Polwarth, I usually have to pop into Santangeli's for something. It's a great neighbourhood shop and a cut above most other local convenience stores. The clever owner has realised that people want more than just fags, loo roll and super noodles available on their doorstep: they also want hummus, charcuterie and Green & Black's. There's a deli counter which makes up sandwiches and serves fresh coffee too, I don't rate either of these offerings particularly highly, but it's nice that they try; I am normally tempted by this section of the shop when I am horrendously hungover, so perhaps my taste buds are not to be trusted...

To sum up Santangeli's it's basically just Margiotta, but for people who live in Polwarth.
This is a shop that makes its money out of its location, it would never survive if it was on a high street as it would not be able to compete with the 'big boys' like Tesco's and Sansbury's as its prices are just too expensive. 
However, if you live in the Polwarth area, there is no big supermarket in short walking distance and so Santangeli are able to attract the local residents. The shop does actually have quite a surprisingly broad range of products in it and will be no doubt of huge convenience to thoise who live in the local area. 
As Emma correctly says, it is exactly like the Margiotta shops that you find in central Edinburgh, but without the annoying classical music that they play and a greater range of products.
I like helping out the local guy, the family I recognize working at the same shop. I get this family run business feeling when I'm in Santangeli's. 

Why its better than other local guys
1. It's got a bit of an organic section 
2. Got better quality products than most corner stores
3. Good range of beer
4. Good baking supplies 
5. Can make cheap sandwiches around the back that are quite good!  

end.
Oh, I love Santangeli's. Mark Santangeli (the owner) worked for Margiotta, so anyone who knows Margiotta's range and customers base will feel right at home here. Santangeli's have pretty much everything an Edinburgh foodie could want from a local shop: Findlater's pies and pates, a great range of herbs and spices, wines, good chocolates - the list goes on. They have a wide range of veggie options - lots of choice of olives, hummous, vine leaves, etc. This is a brilliant little deli, and I'm delighted to have such a well-stocked place as my local corner shop.
Yet another place I have lived by for 2 years but only just found out about!! The outside is very un-advertising & to be honest I thought it was some sort of bank until I went up close to it!! their selection is awesome... loads of stuff for vegetarians/vegans which is unusual for most local style shops. They have lovely healthy options, meaning just because I don't have any food in the house I don't have to have supernoodles & crisps for dinner!! slightly pricey but as to be expect from the quality/high brand products they are selling. The staff are always friendly too!
My new local deli provider :)

Fresh croissants and pain au chocolat in the mornign have made this an instant hit for me sinc emoving to polwarth. The fact the sell schnapple was just a happy bonus!

Could do with some more meats on sale but for a local option its great! :)
This is a great local shop. They stock a wide range of goods and brands that aren't on offer in your average local. Their cheese selection is especially good, although fruit and veg can be a bit sparse sometimes. It can be a little expensive but you can often find good deals in the reduced to clear section. The noticeboard and services like signing for packages for people who aren't around during the day give the shop a community feel which is refreshing.
Worth supporting even if it is a little pricier than the chains.
Purposefully leaving room for dessert after an enjoyable meal in the centre of Edinburgh, I was on the lookout for a suitable place to indulge during my walk back home through Brunstfield. 

The prospect of sharing 3 desserts for 8.50 and a couple of coffees in Peckhams' Underground seemed perfect and indeed it was. Licking my spoon dry after a trio of desserts including a pear and almond tart, banoffie pie and a raspberry cranachen my night was complete.

Literally laying the foundation for Peckhams deli I would highly recommend checking out 'the Undergrounds' crimson seating, ruby fairy lights, and all round cosy atmosphere.
Unlike my previous late night dessert and coffee encounter with Peckham's Underground (of which was a thoroughly satisfying affair) I decided to opt for the lunch menu during a wet, boring day in Edinburgh.

A roasted vegetable pie with a tangy chutney, a couple of fishcakes with a similar chutney provided some decent but not amazing homely grub.

Peckham's Underground seems to fully excel in the coffee and cake category but is hindered somewhat by its mediocre lunch offerings.

Still, I will be back.
This is a safe and tasty choice for lunch or dinner, if you're in the area and want something decent and substantial, but you don't want to sit in that slightly posing, minding what you're doing way that some restaurants make you feel like you have to do.

Peckhams is well established in Edinburgh as one of the top delis of choice for lovers of fine cuts of salami, tubs of plump olives and hunks of cheese you don't get in the supermarket. The tastiness and far better than average quality of the fare served up in Peckhams Underground is similar to the standard and type of food on offer at the deli, with a classic, fairly straightforward menu for night and day scoffing, plus some indulgent looking desserts. It's pretty moody and dark down here, with the red seating and dimmed lighting, so it could be a good call for a bottle of wine and some dating skills, plus it's laidback enough so that there's never too much pressure on your dining experience.
I love this place... this place has all delicious food, and I lived just above here, so this place was like my huge gourmet fridge.  I still miss it!
Oh Peckhams, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.

Upstairs, your shop floors abound with tempting delicacies, delights and mouthwatering treats. Pricey you may be, but delectable and therefore worth my pretty pennies.

But for this review I turn to your restaurant, Peckhams Underground. What a cosy little cave this turned out to be.

Plush red velvet booths allowed me to recline in the lap of luxury (well, minus the big tear on one of the chairs that couldn't help but irritate the perfectionist in me). 

Friendly waitresses who put up with my indecisive, order-changing mood...twice..with a smile.

Romantic, cosy and perfect for a date, or as I did, dinner with some lovely lady friends.

The menu full of delicious dishes, left me stumped for a few moments (and as I said, required me to change my order.) Platter to share? It's there, abound with venison, salmon, cheeses, deli items, roast veg. Little nibbles? You bet, there's smoked salmon and pates galore. Or a bigger, heartier meal? Yes please. Make mine the chicken breast with sweet potato mash.

Yes, still a little pricier than a pub-dinner, but oh it was worth it. The food really was delicious, prepared wonderfully, seasoned to perfection, I can't really complain about anything. 

And the desserts, chalked up on BOTH sides of the chalk board. Theres little treats (tray bakes, scones, mince pies) and then the larger desserts (banoffee pie, cheesecakes and more). All 4 desserts my companions and I sampled induced those *eyes to heaven* moments, and made my taste buds literally tingle.

Yes Peckhams, you may have left my wallet a good few pennies lighter, and my waist line a good inch wider, but you were worth that sacrifice. Next time I want a cosy date, or a tete a la tete with some good friends, I'll be sure to look you up.
As this Peckhams is right down the street from where I work, I've opted for a bite to eat and a glass of wine here a handful of times, as well as the staff Christmas night out twice.  

It might be the time of day, but every time I've been here there haven't been many full tables which never fails to confuse me because of where it is located and its tasty grub.  To me, this is the perfect place to head for a drink and a bite to share after work because they have a great variety of antipasti platters and a good selection of drinks.  I think maybe the problem is the fact that is really is set up like a restaurant and feels just a bit formal for post-work drinking.

The two Christmas meals I've had here have been standard, but when a chef is churning out 25 meals at once to a table full of drunk academics, no one is really bothered by a bit of dry turkey.  

Overall, Peckhams Underground has good food, excellent service, and good drinks in a relaxed atmosphere.  A must visit when in Bruntsfield.
I came here for a late lunch last Saturday when my man asked me to help him move office and I we both desperately needed food when we were finished.

Unlike my previous comment about this place being empty - it was packed.  So packed that we really felt for the one waitress who was frantically running around trying to keep everyone happy.  

We hummed and hawed over the menu a lot because everything looked really tasty but finally decided to share the baked camembert with bread, salad and cranberries, and the chorizo and bean stew.  They were both out.of.this.world.  Seriously.  I mean, baked camembert is going to be good any time but oooooooooo man.  When we'd eaten up all of the bread, my man actually took to eating the cheese with a spoon.  Disgustingly tasty.  His stew, though, was absolutely amazing.  Seriously, I want to know how to make it so I can eat it all of the time.  It was so chocked full of tastiness I actually want to go back right now and have more.  

We had a couple of beers with our oh-so-amazing lunch and my guy decided that next time the boys want an after work pint, he's going to suggest Peckhams.  They have sharing platters and I think I saw nachos too, great treats to put some padding in your belly at the end of a long day, when a beer is the only thing that can cure the ills of a week at work.
Oh how disappointed I was yesterday when my Peckhams lunch was so so so much less than it was before.

I actually attempted to come to dinner here on Thursday and was (a bit rudely) informed that they're not open during the week, and that the opening hours are on the door.  Hum... interesting because I have eaten here during the week before... 
Well, that combined with the abysmal meal we consumed, left me wondering if it is now under new management.

The menu has changed completely and it appears that if you want lunch or dinner, you have to buy into their two or three course set menu.  
I don't really like eating a lot of courses, but can handle it for dinner... not for lunch.  All I really wanted was a panini with a side salad but had to order two courses of very sub par scran.

My starter was fish cakes, while the man had tomato and rocket soup.  The fish cakes were mostly potato and the bits that were actually fish, were a) smoked (an important detail to include on the menu) and b) undercooked.  I know that fish doesn't have to be cooked through, but when it's in a fish cake, you expect it to be.  My man's soup didn't taste like it has been seasoned.  It was as though tomatoes and rocket were blitzed together and heated up.  

For my main I originally ordered the Thai Green Curry with sweet potatoes and noodles (it sounded a bit strange, but I love green curry so wanted to try it) but they were out, so I went with chicken.  The man had a lamb burger.  My chicken, while well cooked, was literally swimming in a mustard sauce which completely masked the flavour of the meat and made the whole dish just taste like mustard.  It was accompanied by (again) un-seasoned and poorly roasted new potatoes, and some odd sloppy looking artichoke hearts and roasted bell peppers.  The man's burger apparently tasted a bit strange, and his oven chips were a bit under done.  

My man is the least picky eater in the world, and he actually sat across from me and said "this food is pretty crap, isn't it?"
We both agreed that it was like we'd been given posh canteen food.  

To add to this, the restaurant was full but it is small enough that with two waitresses working, we should have gotten much better service.  Our waters were never re-filled, it took ages to catch someone's eye to get the bill, then ages for them to come pick it back up again to give us change.  

The kicker was that two courses set us back 22 - 11 each.  Locanda de Gusti, which has been called the best Italian in Scotland, offers a two course lunch for 11.95, which we know would never be compared to glorified canteen food.
Great for picking up a healthy lunch on the go. The are usually two soups to choose from, go before 1oclock as there is usally none left after that. Theres a rewards card if you purchase soup and a sandwich together. handy.
Came here to get quarters for the parking meter, but felt guilty asking for change so we decided to purchase something. The man behind the counter was SO nice, and when I started asking questions about what everything was, he very patiently explained it all to me. Zam Zam water is holy water, didja know that? You can buy it here if you want! 

They also have quite possibly the BEST baklava I have ever had: hazelnut, drizzled in chocolate, perfectly made. LOVED it. I am going to see if they can ship it to me, I have never had baklava that delicious and now that I have I don't think I can live without it. 

YUMMMMM!
Great prices!  Great food!

I buy certain things here that are hard to find elsewhere.  Here is my typical grocery list:

1 lb. hommos - $4.99
1 lb. kalamata olives - $4.99
1 lb. feta cheese - $3.99
1 bag greek style pita bread (fluffy) - $3.29
1 lb. dates - 4.99
1 pkg dried figs - $5.99
bulk spices - $2 - $4 per 4 oz bag (4 oz is a lot of spice!)


While I'm there I will usually get a dessert to go or a slice of pizza.  Their Gyro sandwich is great too!

Love this place!
Quick, quality, inexpensive take-out. What's not to love?
A light perfume of cardamom and other sweet spices, a vast selection of international sweets, spices and foods, PLUS, most importantly to me on my visit on the hottest day of Spring 2013, liters of cold water made this a place worth entering.  I left with water, a half pound of cashews, another half pound of Turkish coffee, date filled cookies and a nicely crafted small necklace for Sweet D. Great, friendly service.  A good stop.  The Phoenicia Cafe and a men's room were adjacent.  Next trip I'll try the Phoenicia and report.
Need to buy goat meat?

I am keep buying from this place for  a year as they have nice goat meat. But the customer service sucks, they refused to choose you buy what you want. You need to take what they offer. Don't even go near to that place on friday, they refuse to serve you as they are busy with the restaurant. 

The manner they deal with the customers and blank out response they give sucks. It looks like he is doing a favor to me by selling meat at his store.
This deli is inside Binion's Horseshoe Gambling Hall in downtown Vegas.  Its on the poker room side, right outside the poker area near the steak house entry.

What a GEM in the rough!!!  Its a quick snack shop with about 10 stools at the counter and a couple of tables.  Blink and you'll miss it.  But if you pass up the opportunity to eat here, you'll regret it!!!

Before I moved to Vegas, I used to actually go out of my way on trips here to stop in and eat here.  OMG.  Best deli pastrami this side of Billy's in Glendale, CA.  Hands DOWN.  Side of potato salad and a pickle sliver...nothing BETTER.  My other half loves the corned beef, and the prices are really reasonable.  

What do I consider a perfect meal in Vegas?  A pastrami sammie at the Shoe, and a double scoop of Lappert's banana caramel across the street at the Cal.  Yum.  Perfection.
Sadly, this place is now closed :(


This place is easy to miss. Its just a counter with some stools near the poker room. They use quality Boar's Head meats and they have some spectacular sandwich choices. I forget the name, but they have one with horseradish in it... it stung my nose and made my eyes water but I could not get enough. 
The people behind the counter have always been very upbeat and accommodating.
Considering all the other things I have eaten downtown (buffets included) it would be a shame if you didn't eat at least one meal here.
Is this you:

Staying in Fremont area or work downtown and need some good grub, but you don't want McDonald's?  Walk your butt up to Binion's, and head inside to the deli with the stools.  (Not the cafe)  Great handmade sandwiches for $7.  Boar's Head fixin's, comes with potato salad and a pickle.  Thumbs up.
Fast food, good pricing!
This isn't great food, it's simply a place you hit up when you are trashed and need to fill your belly with grub so you can sober up.
Good food, cheap.
This place is right inside the casino basically on the floor.  It doesn't look like much but all of the diner classics that are served are great and cheap too.  

Great burgers and sandwiches, especially at 3am.  Friendly staff knows how to deal with all comers.

Good food, cheap and quick.  If you want a quick bite in Old Vegas run into Binions Casino and order a burger.  It is going to be good.  

Thanks
Great pastrami piled high on rye, just the way we like it!  This place is tucked in a corner off the casino floor which actually makes it even better, away from all the noise and smoke.  Simple and basic but fast and tasty!  Could have used a larger portion of potato salad on the side just to balance the meat out but there was more than enough food.  Another great find with a little help from Yelp reviews!
Best pastrami in the world I have it on a roll. The meat is lean taste very good the service is little off but the is worth it
I don't ever give one star reviews but this one was a bit bothersome.

We ordered a pastrami sandwich, a hot dog & a soda, but were told that we have to wait for the hot dog buns (which were on its way). Not being in a rush, we said we'd wait & got our pastrami sandwich & drink. After waiting about 15 minutes I decide to check with the person we ordered from if the hot dogs were ready. I was then told that they don't have hot dogs. Confused, I reiterated what I was told earlier about waiting for the buns but was ignored & told that they don't have either. Another worker had showed up & entered our conversation asking, "do you REALLY want a hot dog?", which to me says, "we're closing soon & we don't really want to correct what we did wrong, but I'll offer it up with a bit of sarcasm anyway".  That also pissed me off just a bit. So, I ended up eating the other half of the pastrami sandwich (which was ok, not the best pastrami ever, by any means). Had I been originally told that they were out I would have just ordered something else & not have anything to grumble about. Buuuuuut, this was not the case which caused me some major irritation.

So, food is ok, service is terrible. I'd much rather go to the cafe in the Cal. At least when they're out of something they let you know instead of making you wait for nothing.
Mmmmm.  Yummy.  First let me say that the unassuming facade says nothing about the little gem inside.  Since the place just opened, there's a banner instead of a sign, and a small curb tent directing diners in to the -only- open store in the building.  But for those who brave new frontiers, it's worth it.

Z's House Sandwich = Gooood.  The smoked pork brings out the sausage and bacon lover in me, and yet I was rewarded with an equally good helping of 'Fresh' as well - the cucumbers, tomatoes and peppers were all great!

The Egg Salad sandwich also received high marks from my compatriot, and I loved the option of the Orangina for drinks!  Which leads me to the second aspect of the place - while it has little for decoration (other than the very comely proprietor) it has a wonderful supply of European goods - chocolates, breads, biscuits, drinks, meats and yes, Eurocrem.  A vanilla and hazelnut spread that competes with Nutella in my book!  Ahhh, yes.  

I hope others find and patronize this place enough to keep it in business, so I can continue to visit my happy euro-place!

Update: I'm happy to report that business seems to have picked up as there was a short line for lunch!  It didn't take long to get served, and they also offer lunch deals that are well worth the visit!
One of the most quality oriented Delis around, Z's will not disappoint. You can always count on a warm and friendly welcome, and a delicious Sandwich. The house sandwich, on round bread is a "knock-out".

The market selections are awesome, selling everything from imported beverages, coffees, chocolates, olive oil, pastas, spices etc...

If you are tired of the same old "deli" grind, I recommend you give Z's deli a chance, you will not be disappointed. You will not find higher quality deli elsewhere.
UH YEAH

This was one of my favorite sandwhiches ever!
The Z's House Sandwhich @ 6.95 Rawked

The round bread is like a thick pita, it has the burnt little bits on the top and the chewy yummy inside. Man that was good. 

They are still the only business in the complex but are gaining more customers each day. 

They serve small Breakfast items, bagels, burritos, muffins, coffee....
They Deli for the lunches is great. Ham, Turkey, tuna, egg salad, veggie, etc. Too many packaged items to count in the deli case.

Try this place, you will love it.
Same sandwhich same great lunch. 


Z will be having some competition soon. There is a gyro type place and a meatbalz going up soon. They will also have a mortgage guy next door.
I'm surprised I haven't reviewed Z's yet.

I live in the north valley, and to be honest, there isn't much that isn't a chain restaurant. Z's stands out by making good, honest sandwiches.

They're a small ethnic market, offering up treats, drinks, and oddities from Europe, which isn't a bad thing. I've decided from now on to buy some odd European treat from them everytime I go. 

Service is fantastic, always nice and warm, and they love compliments.

Now, onto the food. I cannot get over the Z House Sandwich. Served on a round European roll, this smoked ham delight is topped with everything. Red Bell Pepper, Cheese, all of the veggies, mayo and mustard, and served warm.  

Basically, the entire sandwich just melds into a strata of deliciousness.

I've had some of their other sandwiches, including the roast beef and the egg salad, and both are delicious, but to me, NOTHING beats the house special.

Stop reading this, and go try them now.
Highest 4 I can give.  Why not 5 you ask??  CHOMPIES!!  But around the North Valley...Z's!!  My Wife (Very PICKY wife), loved the house special as much as I did.  The service was also excellent.  I'm surprised that this place would open around here...but I'm glad it did.  I know where to go to get a great, unique sammich now.  Others have talked about the House Special, but I'll add a few words.  FRESH, tasty, toasty, tasty, awesomeness!!  Crispy bread on the outside, chewy and moist on the inside.  Yet, thin, and packed with fresh veggies, smoked pork slices, and cheese!  (Swiss for us).  He'll make it anyway you want it, but we stuck to the original sammich.    You could take out the meat and still be happy.  I was most impressed with the use of red bell pepper slices because I know how much red pepper cost's.
I work across the street from this little place and it is pretty good.  They have a modest stock of foodstuffs from the former eastern european countries.  Interesting cookies and sodas.  The coke wannabe made from the fruit of the dogberry bush - yeah, the dogberry bush - didn't go over too well with my kid.  I thought it was OK.

Very friendly folks, and your sandwiches are made to order as you wait with plenty of opportunity for input from you.  The house special sandwich, as mentioned in previous reviews, is the best thing on the menu.  The roll they make it on is exceptional.  The veggies they put on it, including thinly sliced bell peppers, are extremely fresh and crisp, which adds great textural dimension.

If you are looking for a fresh, delicious sandwich served up by pleasant people who actually look you in the eye and have a conversation, Z's is your place.
Great deli and market! I'm all about the house special sandwich - the bread is warm and crispy, meat is good (boar's head) and nice variety of veggies on the sandwich, including sliced bell peppers and olives. 

Z's also has a small selection of grocery items with candies, spices (including vegeta - sometimes tough to find) and assorted pickles/olives. They sell big jars of all sorts of pickled foods - I especially remember the green tomato pickles (what would that taste like?). 

Overall, great little place to get a GREAT sandwich.
The house special is awesome! I keep saying I will try something else but I never get around to it because the house special is so good. Prosciutto ham lots of veggies on great bread.
Great food, great service !   I'm definitely a fan.
I grabbed a quick lunch here today after seeing the good reviews on yelp. 

I ordered The Godfather, which had cappicola, turkey, salami, provolone, lettuce and tomato with an oil and vinegar dressing. It was served on a homemade pita that was fluffy and rustic. The sandwich itself was delicious! A nice mix of flavors, good sized portion (it was offered in 3 sizes) and made for a great affordable lunch. The owner was working and was real cool to talk to, real friendly and knew what he was doing.

I'm real happy there's an independent deli/market this great so close to my house. Deer Valley needs more places like this, and we all need to support them so they thrive. I will for sure be giving Z's some repeat business!
Went in here for lunch for the first time the other day. Just thinking about it makes me want to go back today... and write a review. So let's cut to the chase: the sandwitches and coffee are great. The service is personal - by the owner. But what makes this place stand out is the attention to detail. Meaning, the ingredients they use: fine fresh bread, imported coffee, quality prosciutto and other deli cuts. And the extra care in the preparation of the melas and drinks. So FIVE STARS for the food and service. The location and ambiance could be better, hence the 4.
Dinkey Donkey is 2 doors over from the Bad Donkey.
Dinkey Donkey is the Ice Cream and Breakfast Parlor connected to the Bad Donkey.
Yummy ice cream & shakes scooped with a heavy hand!
Breakfast is being served from this neon-lime green parlor.  
Great coffee, perfect bagels,  great egg sanwiches.
They have tracked down the Best Bagel in Phoenix Metro from a New York  bagelman recreating the magic daily (selling wholesale near Deer Valley airport)
Yummy ice cream (Cinnamon? Yes, please!) and the "dinky" size is just perfect for when you want to splurge on vacation but not go too crazy. Not sure we would have ever found it if someone had brought us there but so glad we did go!
Deli Den isn't much to look at.  It's in a strip mall on the extreme north side of town.  The tables and chairs are spartan and plain.  There's not much in the way of ambiance, but don't let that distract you from the food.  The food is excellent.  I had the Pastrami sandwich.  The pastrami may be a little different than what you're used to.  It's smooth and mild, with just a hint of spice.  The kraut is likewise smooth, and the whole thing blends together and melts in your mouth.  If you like your pastrami spicy and strong, this may not float your boat, but I urge you to give it a try anyway.  4 stars for now.  I may upgrade to 5 once I explore the rest of their menu.
It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the food was good. Very good service, I enjoyed a hamburger and fries, I was served Cole slaw, (which I thought was very tasty) and a dill pickle on the side. I order hot chocolate and a glass of water with lemon. All the food is made to order so don't rush it. Teachers get a 20% discount when you show your ID badge. I saw lot of Ruben sandwiches, maybe next time I'll try that.
We eat here all the time, but will not be returning.

Even before my sister found a cockroach in her iced tea, they waiter nitpicked our every requests. Requested a pickle for my niece to keep her entertained while we were waiting to order, he wouldn't bring it until we ordered. Acted as if we were trying to scam free things out of them. When my mother asked for sour cream and apple sauce for her side item potato pancake he tried to charge us for both. Only after my mother went to pay did they discount the meal. And the waiter did not even apologize for being rude.  So disappointed.
This place is a hidden treasure. We decided to eat lunch there by accident. The food was great and the portions were gigantic. My wife and mother-in-law and I ordered sandwiches. Before the food came we were served coleslaw and pickles. The coleslaw was really good, but the pickles were amazing. Instead of something from a jar they tasted like homemade pickled cucumbers. Everything thing we had tasted like we were in a deli on the east coast. I had the Philly cheese steak with fries.  My wife and mother-in-law split a turkey Ruben that was awesome and so large and stuffed with meat that the two of them could barely finish it.  I would recommend this place to anyone who wants really good deli sandwiches. They also have a case in the front full of meats and salads for sale that all look tasty as well.  It was a great deli experience.
This had long been a favorite of ours. The service is spot on and the food is fantastic. Never had a meal that I didn't like at the deli den. The Ruben and the Rachel are my favorites and if you like delis style sandwiches, this will be your new favorite too.
This place is a total hit or miss - Sometimes it's yummy and sometimes it's not.  I like that right away we get some pickles and cole slaw. Your fries are never consistant- sometimes it's crinkle cut and other times it's regular cut. Sometimes my grilled sandwich is as it should be grilled together and others times it's as if it's grilled seperate and then put together (weird). 
One time the crusts on my grilled sandwich was grilled opposite eachother (dark crust side should be with dark crust side not the lighter crust side) call me crazy but that really bothered me!!!!
Cookies are only made on certain days so sometimes they are soft and sometimes they are hard...I need consistency People!!!
The service is never good but I think we've become accostumed to it except for the lady that works the cash register she always has a smile (no one else seems to like to smile there)
Because it's close to work we will be eating here again never knowing if we'll be happy or not, hey we live in Vegas - everything's a gamble!!!
One of the best pastrami sandwiches in town.  Try the Centennial Hills Rachel.
Closest off the strip reasonably priced JewFood in the Northwest side of the valley. Matzo ball soup and Pastrami spell comfort food. Like the other reviewer writes this place is hit or miss on the service depending on when you come in. Great place to sit and read the paper when you are not in a hurry.
Recommended by a friend, I did not have much of an appetite when we visited.  I ordered a half sandwich, which was overpriced as it was, at $8 and was charged $1 extra for having cheese on it.  Potato salad was bland, avoided the pickles and coleslaw that were brought to the table.

Not overly impressed, but probably will give it another try in the future.
There is not a better NY style deli in the area.  We have eaten in the top ten deli's in the USA and while this is not one of them, we eat here every week.  I have enjoyed the food and service both for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

Very good access and shopping choices nearby.
Was driving around the area and decided that I would stop by a place I've never been to before and found this little place in the same shopping mall as BWW.  It was around 2 pm and there were only two tables occupied in the joint.  A lady behind the counter asked if I was dining in or out.  When I told her I was dining in, she handed me a menu and told me I could sit anywhere in the restaurant.

After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided on the Italian Sub (Ham, Capricole, Genoa Salami, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, and Provolone Cheese) $10.50....came with Fries, Cole Slaw, and Pickle.  I also ordered a side of Jalapenos, in case I wanted to add some kick to it.

While I waited for my food, I looked around the joint.  There are beverage coolers in the front of the Deli that had Sodas & Bottled Water.  I was tempted to buy a bottle of Dr. Browns Natural Soda, but after reading the label I decided against it because it said "Sugar/High Fructose Corn Syrup".....how is that "natural"?  I'm trying to avoid HFCS, so I passed and got a bottle of Water.  They also have Bagels & Pastries available for purchase.....they looked tempting (see pics), but I wanted to wait until after I had my Sandwich to decide if I would do Dessert.

After a few minutes my Sandwich came out.  The thing was piled high with Meat!  (see pics) I wasn't expecting this....I had to remove some of it before I ate the Sandwich, just so I could take a bite.  After a few bites, I realized that it was a pretty dry Sandwich.....so I asked for Mayo & Mustard.  I added a little of both and it still lacked something....so I took the Cole Slaw and put it in the Sandwich....ahh, much better!  The Sandwich by itself was too dry and lacked the flavor of really good Italian Sandwiches....at least to me.

The Fries were pre-fab Crinkle Fries.....pretty bland, had to add Salt.  They weren't that good.  The Cole Slaw very excellent, not too runny or sweet and had a nice crunch to it, which I like.  The Pickle was eh....I've had better.

Overall, it was a OK experience.  There are a bunch of other Sammies on the menu I want to try, so for now it gets 3 Stars from me.

Will I return?  I probably will, but I'm not craving the joint.
I've always thought of this place as overpriced but worth it for certain specialty items. The black and white cookies are good if you get them on the day they were made and the bagels aren't bad. I also like their corned beef, though the bread isn't as good as it is back East. Today I wanted potato pancakes and decided that, instead of cooking, I'd go out. 

I am shocked at the ones that they served to me. Terrible. Obviously preformed and old with a terrible consistency an taste. These were unrecognizable and could easily have been mistaken for potato patties with a mushy texture. The sour cream and applesauce they were served with was skimpy, as well.
Woah, this place is far out. Good for the Jews and deli lovers who live in the sticks, though! I've only been here once, and went out of my way to try this far-flung deli outpost. The corned beef was okay as was the matzo ball soup. Soup needed a richer, more garlicky stock. I've had better elsewhere, see Bagel Cafe, Levy's and Weiss Deli, and of course Carnegie on The Strip. Will try again if I'm ever in the Centennial area.
Went here a second time recently! The matzo ball soup was much better than I remembered. The ball itself had a nice garlicky kick. The latkes were good as well. However, the bagel was mediocre, and I couldn't get any challah bread, which I needed for Shabbos. Anyhoo, good to see they're surviving way out here.
I've been here twice now in the last month, and I think it's safe to say that I'm a fan.

The first time, I had the Reuben/Rachel combo. Absolutely delicious. I agree with some other reviewers that the fries are boring. But the sandwiches, pickles, and cole slaw were really tasty. I read on their website that they make their corned beef and pastrami onsite. I'm no expert on salt-cured beef, but they tasted great to me.

Last night, I had the Tennessee Burger, and even though they were out of the bourbon barbecue sauce, it was a darn good. Again, the fries are 'meh', but the burger was cooked properly and the toppings tasted fresh.

The service was attentive without being obnoxious. The cashiers were kind and polite as well. 

My only real gripe was the men's room. It wasn't filthy, but it was far from clean. It reminded me a little of a truck stop restroom. 

But I'll be back. The sandwiches make it worth the while.
I came here for lunch on the way back from Creech Nellis Air Force Base.

I ordered the sandwich and soup of the day combo. I was doubting whether or not to order the soup of the day, so the manager brought us out a big bowl to sample. It turned out to be the best tomato basil soup I've ever eaten. Usually when I order this type of soup, the texture is just creamy, but this soup had a finely chopped root or potato in the soup which made it taste much better. 

As for the sandwich, I ordered the Pastrami Reuben, which was towering with meat. I'd order it again.
This was probably the best Rueben I have ever had.  

It had a ton of very tasty and tender corned beef.  I had to eat half the corned beef off the sandwich before I could eat it like a sandwich!  It was served with fries and coleslaw.  It was served with a pickle - this maybe overlooked by some - but that was a tasty pickle!  

Why only 3 stars???  Even though I did leave happy... after tax and tip (no drink) I was looking at $15.  I just don't like to spend $15 on lunch... and it was only a sandwich.
The nearby Mimi's Cafe always has a huge crowd at breakfast, leading Deli Den to be a faster alternative.  The breakfast offerings are great.  A personal favorite is the feta and spinach omelet.  

Deli Den also offers great sandwiches for the lunch crowd.  On my most recent visit I had the turkey and avocado wrap, served with a generous helping of french fries.  The avocado was perfectly ripe, which seems to be a rarity in restaurants.

The things that keep Deli Den from being a five star establishment are price and atmosphere.  A sandwich and soda can easily run over $12 here, more expensive than similar restaurants in the area.  The food here is good, but it isn't that amazing.  Luckily, I am spared slightly as Deli Den offers a discount to teachers and military personnel with valid ID.

The atmosphere is a little odd.  The furniture is utilitarian and the chairs are borderline uncomfortable.  The bus cart for the dishes was located about five feet from my table last time I dined here, which I found to be almost revolting.  

Other than that, Deli Den is a nice, locally-owned alternative to the chain restaurants that dominate the neighborhood.
Lots of food. Not gourmet but not bad.
Perfectly nice lunch spot. Nothing fancy, but pleasant enough...clean with good friendly service. Half a sandwich is more than enough. I had 1/2 a Reuben and chicken soup and couldn't eat it all, despite their tastiness. The husband had a Juben and had to bring half of it home. 

We will defo go back. Deli Den is A-OK, verging on Yay! I'm a fan.
I had to show love to my spot  - ya know that one place that you have stuck with - time after time, no matter what. Well this is mine, I  remember eating here as long as I can remember.
A family owned business, a combination of Market and Deli. Really nothing special about the place - building reflects the years this place has been open. Through the years the bread has changed, as well as the meat - but the taste somehow remains the same to me.
Please note first:  If you are someone who is VERY picky on your quality of deli meat, than this place may not be for you.  Although the meat is delicious, some may consider not comparable to brands such as Boar's Head.

On to the review, like many others, I was hesitant about getting food from this place.  It is in the middle of a random neighborhood, and from the outside looks like a liquor store (well, because it is).  It looks shotty and questionable, but looks in this case are fairly deceiving.

I was referred to this place from a co-worker who enjoys trying local spots and generally picks good places.  I decided to order my food for pick up, a New York Style hoagie with everything on it.

Upon arrival, I was greeted by a woman behind the counter who has the typical deli shop attitude, but has a nice sarcastic humor and personality.  I got my sandwich, which was HUGE AND CHEAP; Subway ain't got shit on this!  I later found that I could not even finish their sandwich in one sitting.  You also can request additional peppers and pickles on the side, free of charge, which are a nice addition.

I would not recommend to eat inside the establishment, although they do have seating available.  It seems as if they use a swamp cooler and some of the other customers are a little shotty.  Be sure to ask for light mayo and mustard or else your sandwich will be drowning in it.

Anyhow, give this place a try.  You will be excited about the price, not so excited about the location, and may find that you will want to return.
Okay, okay...I feel that Frank's is worthy of an extra star for their rating...I LOVE their subs!

Once again, I was greeted ever so friendly, and sassily, from the wonderful woman behind the counter.  I wish that I would ask her her name...hmph.

She is awesome!  She asked for 3 sandwich orders all at once and didn't even need to ask us more than that what each one contained for extra condiments.  The subs always get hooked up!  If you ask for extra hot peppers, you get them!  And not just one or two, but several!

Again, the other customers that come in here tend to be a little bit shady at times, but then again it IS a liquor/beer store as well and is not necessarily in the best neighborhood (in fact, it is right in the middle of one with houses all around).

I recommend you try this place out for a cheap sub that fills the stomach and satisfies the taste buds.
Coming from NY, this place hit close to home.  This place is a family-owned business and the place has got some character.   They definitely reminded me of the delis in NY.   The subs are out of this world!!! 
 Why bother going to subway where they give you like three slices of meat and one slice of cheese when you can get the most amazing subs at Frank's Deli.  I love the italian sub and the meatball sub.  mmmhmmmm.  I could go for some right now.  The rice pudding is my favorite dessert, but they do havey have pretty good cheesecake too.  :)
A coworker recommended I try this place. He was right, good sandwiches at a reasonable price. I ordered the hot Pastrami with Deli Mustard and it was great. Not too many places you can hand the cashier a $5 bill and get change back for a sub. Meat had great flavor and the Sub Roll was soft and fresh. I highly recommend this joint.
Real New York style sandwiches at an amazing price. I was in search of a deli that wasn't a fancy "bistro" deli that gives me an argula shmear and fufu bread. And I found it, this place has big hearty sandwiches for $5! The staff was really friendly, first time there and I feel like a well loved regular. Family owned too! I'll definitely be back!
Frank's Deli has been in the same spot for decades. Growing up in the neighborhood I remember their subs. Yesterday I visited Frank's and I was in pure heaven when I was eating my New York style sub. The area has changed since I was a kid.  It's a little sketchy now but have no fear it's worth it!
Really good price, huge sandwich for roughly 5 bucks, The lady is so friendly, we will definatley go there again, went around 11am area did not seem too bad at that time.
This place is terrible! 

Being a native NYer, I was excited to find a deli labeled "real NY deli". This is the equivalent to a super shitty, dirty Bronx bodega or road-side "deli" in some po-dunk upstate NY town. This is no "NY deli".

The meats were over processed crap, bathroom was among the dirtiest I've ever seen any where in the world. On the positive, the people seemed nice & it's cheap. Totally disappointed.
Frank's gets 5 stars, GREAT sandwiches, friendly service and great prices. This place is definitely no frills but that's not what I want in a sub. I would give it 6 stars if they let me.
A great hidden gem in Phoenix.
I've started eating here about twice a week.
The sandwiches are awesome.
Great deal.
Go.
Not sure what to make of Frank's. The meatball sandwich I had was darn good. Nice big meatballs topped with marinara and cheese. The sauce was flavorful without being overpowering. Also, the sandwich was good sized. The location and building are fairly poor. The place is kind of a sandwich line inside of a low rent convenience store. 

If I go again, I will just grab a sandwich to go.
While working in the area I decided I would give Franks NY Deli a try. Pulling up I had to double check the address as Franks is located in a small neighborhood market.

 The food is not deserving of the ratings here on Yelp as it is lower end processed meats and the menu is very limited with maybe 10 sandwich options.  I got the NY combo which is simply salami, ham, and choice of cheese. The sandwich is on a 10" roll and you get the basic toppings of lettuce, tomato, onion, and dressings.  The sandwich and a 16.9oz beverage was $6.45 which is a fair price for what you get.
Wow, what rock have I been hiding under? And right in my "Hood." Thanks Yelp for the suggestion. I have passed it many times but never thought go go in. This place totally reminds me of the Deli/Convenient stores located near my Aunt's in Rockaway/Queens, right down to the "Iffy" neighborhood and the DVD's in the front case. It is a bit of a Divey, little place where you can get a sandwich, sit down at one of the 8 or so tables, get Takeaway, and/or pick up some staples while you are there. I was immediately transported back to NY the minute I stepped into the place. 

I got the Roast Beef Hero, which was good. I also got a side of Potato Salad which was just average. That is okay though because no one knows how to do NY Potato Salad out here. ( Wait, I take that back. Hero Factory in Downtown Phoenix does) Ralph's negatives are: a very small menu, no chicken salad, no Wise products, and keeping in the NY theme, horrific parking. 

I have to say the folks who work here are awesome, by the way. The owner is from Westchester county. ( upstate for us Long Islanders. Sorry a NY private joke which even the owner knew. lol--Love it) The young man working the counter was so very nice to me. I think I found a new place to lunch. No more hiding. That "Proverbial" Rock has been outed and overturned.
I have a new favorite place to eat in Surprise and this is it. I found this place today and gave it a try (apparently only been open for 3 weeks). I love delis, and this one is awesome. It is a New York style deli with lot of seating and my pastrami sandwich was one of the best ever. Loved it. I will be back to this place many, many times. Nice atmosphere and the service was good too - but best of all the food was great. Well worth a try for anyone.
I just found this place over the weekend and stopped in for lunch. This place is a New York style deli with all of the favorites; Pastrami, Corned Beef, Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, bagels, NY style cheese cake, egg creams, and the list goes on and on. This place is large for a deli, clean, great service, priced right, and generous portions. Try the bagel chips.
Finally... a great place to eat in Surprise!  This is a family owned deli and it shows in all that they do.  If you are looking for a "jewish" style deli, this IS it.  We also were sold on a HUGE piece of chocolate cake that will probably take us a couple of days to finish.  The vibe is great, the owner Rick was friendly and we are excited to have a neighborhood deli, check it out!

Someone mentioned something about the menu and the prices however, for what you get it is more than worth it.
Reuben of the gods.  There, I said it.  Plain and simple, this place has sandwiches that fill and delight.  I first tried Archies a number of months ago, and have never had a bad sandwich from them.  

When you first sit down they bring you a dish of pickle varieties which are yummy.  The sandwiches are on the pricey side as another reviewer noted, however I disagree with the reviewer that this is a reason to take away from their rating.  The prices are consistent with NY deli style where you get a ton of meat, and brother do they make a sandwich.  A half is plenty to fill even a big guy.

If you live in Surprise or SCW, this is a treasure!  Enjoy!
Best NYC/Jewish-style food I have had in AZ.
We love Archie's Deli! The portions are ENORMOUS and the food tastes great! The service is excellent and it is clean clean clean!

We had a party of 27 at Archie's recently for a birthday dinner and we were well accomodated and everyone raved about the food. From the Archie's Ruben to the Patty Melt, to the house made chicken noodle soup--you will not be disappointed with Archies!
The best sandwich in the world? No, but a welcomed change of pace in Surprise.

As the other reviewer's have mentioned the sandwiches are huge and expensive all at the same time. The corn beef was lean though, which is a HUGE positive in my book. The menu is a little overwhelming with all of the choices for sandwiches, but lacks in the side dish category for me. The side salad was limp and not being a fan of cole slaw I didn't really have another option. The husband and I split a huge red velvet cupcake for dessert and while the cake itself was a tad dry the frosting was amazing.
I have enjoyed Archie's Deli before but never wrote a review. I told my friends about it and they were dying to try a new (kosher-style) deli on the west side. We agreed that the "old place," (Why give them a plug HERE?) that has a location near Paradise Valley mall and another in Scottsdale, had been a big disappointment to us recently (rhymes with Rhompies) due to poor and slow table service, crowded facilities, and high prices. 

"The Guys" were thrilled with Archie's and so am I (still). Sure, it's not inexpensive to eat there but OMG the sandwiches are delicious, huge (I took the other half of my sandwich home), and not a bad deal at all. Our server was very polite (albeit the fact that I had to work hard to catch her eye for more pickles and crunchy green tomatoes). Our order was taken quickly, we were asked several times how we were enjoying our "nosh," and we didn't have to wait for the check to arrive shortly after being given an opportunity to decide if we wanted dessert.

There are lots of goodies in the bakery and deli cases if you want to take something home for later (e.g., potato and vegetable knishes, chopped liver, red velvet cupcakes, cheesecake, and carrot cake).  

Want to eat cheap? Go to Burger King and order off the dollar menu. Want some noshy nom-noms? Go to Archie's!
I can't believe how hard it is to find a great Jewish Deli in the metropolitan Phoenix area....the selection is few and what we do have is mediocre at best. So I am sad to say that if I want an almost great Jewish Deli I have to drive all the way to Surprise... 

Archie's Deli offers probably the best yet in Delicatessen cuisine. They offer the right kind of sandwiches and even has blitzes, kugle, potato latkes, and knishes that aren't half bad. I was impressed with their Bagel selection (and more than happy that they weren't like Einstein bagels...pure bread) I even liked their pickle tray... 

But I have to say that there were a few negatives...First of all (and I am really not cheap, I swear) their prices are outrageous....I asked how much a fruit tray was for about 8-10 people and they quoted me $35. I couldn't believe that my brisket sandwich was $11...and it didn't even come with fries! I was offered cole slaw or potato salad...and since I don't like potato salad, I had to get cole slaw, even though my sandwich already had cole slaw on it. And in regards to the sandwich it was good and all...but since when did Challah become the shape of a hoagie bun? And to top it all off, our server didn't know the first thing about the menu or deli in general. And I did find it funny that my grandma had to get the manager over to let them know that they potato latkes needed more onion salt in them. 

I think with a few tweeks, Archies can be awesome. But they do cater to their clientele just fine and it seems like they are always busy. I will be back I am sure with my grandparents :-)
Yum as always! Had the Motor City Madness which is the most delicious grilled cheese sandwich ever. I ordered a cup of tomato soup to go with it. In my opinion, it should be automatically part of the meal, but I digress. :) The soup was yum, the sandwich was buttery, cheesy, and toasty goodness. And of course I had a side of potato salad which is better than any other potato salad I've had in any other restaurant.
My wife and I live in Goodyear, and we decided to drive up and check out Archie's on the recommendation of a friend.  We have lived in the Valley for about 3 years, and I have become a fan of The Downtown Deli in downtown Phoenix, which was actually the first corned beef and pastrami I had ever had.

To me, this place was ok, but in comparison to Downtown Deli, it was quite lacking in value and taste.  I got a Double Jeopardy on an onion roll, which is corned beef, pastrami, hot and regular mustard, as well as swiss and muenster cheese.

Upon taking the first bite, I knew something was missing.  The taste just didn't seem to be there.  I couldn't taste much mustard at all (there was very little on the sandwich), and the meet was not as I have become a fan of.  I am used to good corned beef and pastrami melting in your mouth, and this definitely did not do that.  Even after putting the Hebrew National deli mustard on the sandwich, it seemed a bit bland.

Now, I'm saying it was "bad" necessarily, maybe I have become spoiled by Downtown Deli.  But for the $35 we spent (just meals for my wife and I plus tip, the kids eat free after 4), I wasn't impressed.  I think the pricing was a little bit much, $2-3 cheaper would have been more reasonable.  Especially with the quantity of the sides.  We both got potato salad, and is was served in a small plastic cup like you would get your fruit in at and elementary school (see the picture of the applesauce).  For $11.50 (for my sandwich), that's just not enough.
Sandwich (Turkey Ruben for me and Chicken Club for the hubby) AMAZING. 

Service great.

Price - too high... :(
Dined on a Saturday night, it was busy. Snacked on the plate of pickles. Tasty. Ordered chili and latkes to get started. Chili was ok, Latkes were decent had to request applesauce and sour cream. 

Ordering an Italian sandwich in a Jewish Deli wasn't the brightest on my part, but I wanted to see how it was. Not great, as you can probably imagine. Meats were overly salted, and the Italian bread was unlike any other Italian bread I've had before.

Pastrami/corned beef  Ruebens are the way to go. Tasty, but pricey.
Great Jewish style deli, complete with huge sandwiches, awesome desserts and big bowls of matzo ball soup
My husband and I went here this past weekend. We were craving gourmet sandwiches. This place hit the spot pretty well. We had just worked out and were STARVING. It was a good thing they brought out a plate of pickles and pickled tomatoes. I thought they were a little salty, but hit the spot in our post-workout state of starvation. We both ordered different types of pastrami sandwiches. They were huge! I mean it probably had about 15 layers of pastrami! they are the types of sandwiched I picture the firefighters in New York eating! The meat itself was ok, a little dry but very flavorful. It was also a bit fatty for my taste. The bread was my favorite part! The pumpernickel was toasted to perfection! I have to admit, an $11 pastrami sandwich is a little pricey, but you do get twice the meat you would get at other deli's. What's outrageous is that you can pay $4 more to get twice the meat! That's enough meat for 4 sandwiches. 

I would definitely return, but I can't say it was the best pastrami I have had. On our way out, we saw a bunch of guys with these big plates of omelets. I will be back for those.
I'd give this restaurant a solid 3.5 stars, but couldn't reach 4 in my opinion.  The place is good, however I can't see any wow factor making it completely standing out from the rest.  

The food is really good as it's a place for sandwiches and soups.  Portions are quite large and the prices are relatively high for the type of restaurant it is.  $10 to $12 for the typical sandwich I feel is quite high for here.  Maybe things are more expensive here because the place is so large and the rent is higher, I don't know.

When I think of a deli I imagine walking up to a counter and ordering.  Not here, strangely it's a sit down restaurant with a server taking your order.   Just seems odd as the seating looks similar to a cafeteria.  Maybe it's me, but I like to watch my sandwich being made in front of me at this type of place.

The best surprise I think here is the wonderful selection of desserts.  They all look so good behind the counter, decent portions, and fairly priced.  Pretty hard to resist!
Good stuff! I've been out in Surprise a few months now and on the suggestion of a friend, decided to stop and check this place out. It's buried behind the Chase bank on Litchfield & Bell roads...probably why we have never stopped there before. It's definitely a nice change of pace from all the restaurants out this way. Yes, $10-$12 for a sandwich is expensive, but you're getting A LOT of deli meat. I'd rather pay a few bucks more for a sandwich like this than something processed from a fast food place. I got the J.P.'s Pastrami Special and could only eat 1/2 of it. The rye bread was perfectly grilled, giving the sandwich a nice crunch to it. It's not just a take out deli, either. They've got booth seating up front and tables/chairs in the back. Nothing fancy, but it must not be too bad...the place was packed when I went.  If you're looking for something different, give this place a try. I'm sure I'll be heading back again soon.
My wife brought me here for lunch on a Sunday.  The Pastrami was awesome.  I believe this is one a a few different locations for Archies.  I'll be back......and I'll probably have the Pastrami again (that's how I roll).
Another 5 star visit today at Archie's Deli! My son enjoyed Neptune's Catch which is a tuna salad sandwich with cheese on grilled rye. It was A-MAY-ZING!  My hubby had a chicken salad sandwich which was delish. I had the tomato basil soup with a salad and the soup was perfect. It was fresh, hot, and just the right texture. I had a bowl of it forgetting how enormous the portions are at Archie's and couldn't eat my salad. I'll enjoy it tomorrow at lunch. Service was great and the food was terrific. It's a can't miss trip yet again! :)
Great food! I'm vegetarian and have so many choices.
Another great visit! Met up with 2 friends and enjoyed the Grilled Cheese and tomato basil soup. Perfect on a freezing cold day like today. Friends had the reuben and the pastrami and both loved them. 1/2 size is the perfect size sandwich there but if you've got an appetite, Archie's can sure feed ya!
We decided to check Archie's out for breakfast.  We saw the menu online and figured we'd give it a shot since there isn't much of a selection of breakfast places (besides chain restaurants  i.e. IHOP, Village Inn) in Surprise.  Read all kinds of great reviews for the sandwiches, soups etc.  Hoped breakfast would be the same.  NOT.  EVEN.  CLOSE.

Service was  very friendly but also very, very slow.  We were seated right away but waited quite some time for our drink order to be taken (which was not by our waitress) and then took another 10 minutes for her to appear.

I ordered the Denver omelet with home fries.  We'll start with the home fries.  Mush.  Nothing but mush.  I didn't order mashed potatoes but that's basically what I got.  Not impressed.

The omelet was the worst I've ever had.  The eggs were put in a skillet, cooked on one side and then flipped like a burger and cooked through on the other side.  It looked like an egg frisbee.  The ham, onions and peppers were just there.  No cheese at all either.   No ingredients cooked into the egg like you see when it is made properly.  Terrible.

My wife ordered the breakfast burrito which was good.  Decent flavor.  That's the only reason I didn't give this 1 star.

We will try here again one more time to try the Rueben's.  If that disappoints, we'll never go here again.
The lay out is more of a restaurant than a "deli" the service was prompt and cordial however when I asked my server what is made in house she stated the only thing homemade is the bread. A little disappointing for what has been considered the "best" sandwich in the west valley.  I ordered the Ruben on grilled Rye with fries and a Coke.  The meat was tender, the Russian dressing tasted more like thousand island, the Swiss cheese was not melted and the sauerkraut was actually dry as if it was left in the fringe uncovered.  $15.00 dollars for lunch is very expensive, especially since nothing was homemade.  Whatever they used to grill the sandwich like butter/oil made it very greasy, so bad that it was actually running down my hand like a greasy pizza.  Instead a real deli it's more of retail store and restaurant for a wholesale grocer.
Very nice. Haven't found a Jewish deli like this one since Harold's Deli closed in Knoxville. It was just perfect! I even liked both types of pickles!
Just ate there this past weekend had a pastrami sandwich it was really good, and very filling, price was a bit high for a sandwich so will only go back occasionally would like to try soup and bagels as well! Service was very good and waitress answered all our questions with a smile!!!
I went lunch the other day with some friends.  They wanted a good deli, however I don't think this exist in the far west Phoenix metro.  Someone  suggested Archie's so I thought, well it's been a while since my last visit which was not very good, so why not give them another try again.  

They will usually start you off with a small dish of pickles however they did not bring us any on this visit.  I did not ask for them this time since I did not like them on my last visit.  I had their half pastrami sandwich on rye with a side of potato salad.   I was not asked if I wanted my bread toasted this time for some reason.  The bread needed to be toasted for the bread was dry and the crust was too tough to eat.  The pastrami was OK.  They buy their pastrami pre-cooked which makes it a little drier than at a place that cooks their own pastrami.  The potato salad is bland, so I would recommend ordering a different side.  I've had their cole slaw on a prior visit and it's also a bit bland, so you may want to go with fries.  They are not fresh, but might be a better option for a side. 

All in all I find their prices way too high for the quality of food you get at Archie's. They might be the best option if your looking for a deli and your in this area.  I've been to Archie's a couple of times now and it has not changed.  This is a 2 star deli for me based on multiple experiences.
When we walked in yesterday we were hopeful to find a closer option than Chompie's for good deli. We were wrong. My kids had just gotten over a stomach bug, so we ordered them the chicken noodle soup. My husband watched the waitress dish it in a bowl, and then microwave it! If we wanted microwaved soup, we wouldn't have paid $4.50 a bowl!
I ordered a vegetarian sandwich in an attempt to eat something fresh, and it had so much cheese and butter I couldn't finish it, I didn't realize I was getting a grilled cheese sandwich with a few vegetables! The sandwich I ordered had avocado in it, which I love, but you couldn't taste with all the cheese in it!
My husband ordered the #10, pastrami and rye. It was ok, it's hard to mess up pastrami on rye with mustard, but it wasn't worth $10.50.
We decided to order dessert, got rice pudding (one) for my two girls to share, and a brownie for my husband and I to share. Again, we watched the waitress use the microwave to heat these up! I was so shocked I didn't know what to say to them! It's ridiculous! I'm sure no NY deli in their right minds would use a microwave, and if they did, they'd have the decency to do it in the back away from patrons eyes, it's like a slap in the face!
We paid $50 for 2 adult sandwiches, 2 bowls of soup, 4 drinks, 1 rice pudding, 1 brownie, and 1 black and white cookie. The quality didn't live up to the price and we will not be back.
I have a deep love of deli food. I have been to all the greats in New York and I have been known to drive an hour (one way mind you) to Chompies when the craving for a knish, giant sandwhich and a black and white strikes. Imagine my joy when I discovered a New York deli on the west side of town!

The decor here is drab. It reminds me of an old, almost run down diner. Our waitress was adorable and provided great service. She was the only good thing about this place. 

The matzo ball soup (which should be a delicious staple) was bland, lukewarm and not so good. I have made better matzo balls from a box mix. My husbands open face turkey sandwhich sounded good. He was delivered a slice of microwave dinner tasting turkey on challah, covered in congealed brown gravy. The mashed taters were lumpy. It just....did not taste right. The kasha we got on the side was inedible. We were served bowls of beige mush with bow tie pasta. It was over cooked and one of the worst things I have ever eaten. Considering all the side consists of is cooked grain and some pasta, this is pretty sad.

I had a brisket sandwhich. The challah it was on was good. It stopped there. The meat was bland, HORRIBLY fatty. It also just...did not look right. It was shiny and greasy. I have eaten and cooked many a brisket in my day and I have never seen brisket look like that. About 1/3 way through one half of the sandwhich, I felt like I was going to be sick. The "russian dressing" was super thick, looked course and tasted like poorly mixed together ketchup and mayo with some relish thrown in.

Depsite the bad meal, we thought to try dessert. The carrot cake had a strange after taste and the red velvet cupcake was just the blandest dessert I have ever had. It was very dry.

The only reason why I think this place has the rating it does is because there is no competition over here. At the end of the day, I would rather eat at Dennys.
We have had breakfast to go a few times here. Nothing special! Eggs, bacon, breakfast burrito, hash browns. Food was good, nothing to write home about. Just Yelp it!! We are going to give this place another try since we only had breakfast. So coming soon to the nearest Yelp, will be my update!!
Archie's serves up big, tasty sandwiches of great quality.  They are fairly expensive, but the volume of ingredients (meat) justifies the price.  Service is always friendly, but a little hit and miss in terms of consistency.

Desert selection is great and we have yet to try anything that wasn't sinfully delicious; be warned though, the portions are huge!!!

So, three stars because it's still a sandwich and it's still a deli/diner/cafeteria type dining room with paper napkins... And $30+ for two adults to have lunch.
Never will I eat here again!  "fresh" fruit salad came with mold.  When I pointed it out to the waitress she offered me yet another bowl of the same moldy old fruit.  Hey people, your fruit needs to be thrown away when it gets moldy, ever heard of the health department...too bad because I would love to find a restaurant in Surprise that
 served a salad I would not be afraid to eat
Went here for lunch today. This was our first visit to Archie's Deli and the food was fantastic. There were four in our party. Items we ordered: Archie's Reuben (two of us), J.P. Pastrami Special - which consists of 
Hot pastrami, Swiss cheese, oven-roasted onions & yellow mustard on grilled rye bread, Go Fish -which consists of 
Smoked salmon, tomato & onion on rye bread. The sandwiches are very large.   Our food server informed us they are made with a half pound of meat.  Sides, which were included, consisted of a choice of potato salad, coleslaw, fries or chips.  The potato salad was great.  I didn't like the coleslaw too much.   We also got a couple of desserts to takeout: the New York Cheesecake and Chocolate Eclair. The cheesecake is the way to go. Great flavor and not too sweet. Service was fine. Food server could answer all of our questions. The complimentary pickles were a little too salty (even though pickles are naturally salty) these were a little too much. The only reason for four stars is due to the condiment bottles placed on the table looked really dirty. I would eat here again though.
Been to this Deli twice. The first time I went for lunch and was not impressed with the food for the price. I went back a second time for breakfast. Ordered an Omelet. The ingredients were practically non existent. Again the food was not worth the price. I give it two stars because the service is great from the servers. Very friendly and helpful. Too bad their not the cooks as well! I may give it one more chance.
Best sammiches in Surprise hands down.  I love their pastrami and cheese steak and they have some awesome desserts here too. I highly recommend.
The hugely portioned food was good, with the exception of the pickles that come wrapped in foil along with sandwich orders.

Price, however was a bit outrageous. For three of us to order ONLY sandwiches, the total was about $50! OUCH!!

The carpet is filthy and needs to be replaced, as does the hostess stand which is the first thing I noticed upon entering. 

Something I noticed after placing our order is a cucumber soda. Sounds interesting, but I didn't buy it.
We came here after searching for a sandwich place for our visiting Gramma.  Had the matzo ball soup and it was awesome.  I've had it only one other time in my life so I'm not exactly a conessiour per say.  The sandwich wasn't bad either -  a vegetarian - Rosa's Walk in the Park.  I guess I'm just not used to the bread on a sandwich being in deep heavy oil and crispy so I didn't care for it much but the ingredients inside were good.  The fries was also not very good.  Sounds like I should give it 2 stars but what I did have wasn't bad ... just not really what I'm used to I guess.  I definitely want to come here again and try some of the other menu items and this time, I will give the salad or coleslaw a try instead of fries.  It was definitely good enough to try again!
My husband loves small, family-owned delis and so we seek them out wherever we visit.  He swears Archie's has the best Pastrami sandwich he's ever eaten! I enjoyed the Italian sandwich/sub. The coleslaw was yummy too. Enjoy!
I love me some "Jewish soul food" and there's nothing like a New York style deli to give me a fully tummy all day. Archie's is an excellent choice if you're looking for a massive pile of corned beef or pastrami on rye bread with Swiss cheese and Russian dressing. Let the waitress bring you the pickles because they're just awesome!

Service was a little slow today - I think the hostess seated us in a section that wasn't being watched, but once another waitress noticed that we'd been there for a bit, things improved. She comped our drinks.

I have read the reviews and seen how great their Reubens are, but I thought I might go just a little healthier. My eye found the "Berman's Sure Choice" which is the same thing as a Reuben except it's not grilled. I was very pleased with my choice. My tablemates enjoyed the pancakes and the Challah French Toast.

If you're anywhere near Surprise, absolutely go here. You will not regret it!
Went there for breakfast on Sunday with my Mom and Aunt.  The food was excellent!! I loved the fresh taste of the food and the service was wonderful.  Cant wait to go again.
I tried Archies for the first time for breakfast. I wanted just a simple breakfast. I ordered a simple breakfast burrito & my daughter ordered the breakfast crepes. The waitress seemed kinda in a brain fog, like she just woke up, anyway, 
My daughter order came with 2 very small crepes I was shocked and thought are you kidding me these were $8.50??? it seriously was a joke! My order the breakfast burrito was served w/ a green vegetable tortilla with what seemed to be turkey/chicken sausage the eggs tasted like they were powdered, I thought the portion was very small also, and the quality wasn't very good, the taste was bland I had to add salt just to get it down...
My daughter said that her crepes were gross and she tried to get rid of the taste,, the crepes left her with a tummy ache.

For two very very small crepes and a very small green tortilla with turkey surprise meat and powder tasting eggs, 1 orange juice ....NO JOKE THE PRICE TOTALED $30.00 !!!! NOT WORTH THE FOOD! NOR DOES NOT MATCH THE QUALITY!

I would have had a much better fresh breakfast with fresh made biscuits, sausage & eggs, large Orange Juice & fresh hotcakes  for 2 at MCDONALDS! for under $10 DOLLARS!!!!!!!

I will never patronize this place again, and will recommend to anyone to not go there either....it's a waste of money and time....
We just got thrown out of Archie's Deli in Surprise, AZ. What was our horrific crime? Ordering an off-the-menu appetizer, one that my husband has ordered there, and received, at least five times. 

Today, the manager refused to do it, saying we would put him out of business if he let everyone order to-go food and eat it in the restaurant. Everyone who? It was mid-afternoon and the place was empty. We told him we would happily pay for the forbidden item (half a pound of hot tongue with a slice of challah), as we always did, but he blew up and told us to get out!

We are clean-cut, polite adult customers who typically spend $60 every time we go to Archie's. We tip well, love the food, have a good rapport with the staff, and never cause a problem there. This was probably our tenth visit to Archie's, and that manager has seen us before. 

Thanks to his nasty attitude today, we won't be back, and that's a shame. Archie's has a nice selection of sandwiches, great latkes, and a wonderful selection of classic deli beverages. The sandwiches are big enough to share, but we always buy two and take leftovers home. 

It's unfortunate that this manager didn't have the smarts to sell my husband his tongue and bread--even at a markup. Now he lost our business. $60 every other week adds up, Archie's. In this economy, isn't customer retention important?

Think long and hard before you spend your hard earned money and time here. We won't make that mistake again.
First time we ate there (a week after they opened), customers, servers and the owner (I think) were staring at us like they've never before seen a Filipino family.

Anyway, we've eaten there a few more times and I have to say that their food was good. I love the brisket dinner especially the latke, my wife their pastrami sandwich. 

I took my parents there one evening and I told my dad to ask for the brisket dinner. Unfortunately, they were out. So, that's the only complaint I have. 

A good place to eat. Try it.
Very average.  Didn't like bagels. Too soft. Good lox. Coffee so-so.  Service was fine.
Been here twice.  Stopped by the other night to pick up a couple sandwhiches to go and spent 30 minutes waiting for a basic chicken sandwich to be cooked.  The place was empty, the girl at the front desk was slow and confused about requesting ranch on the side.  Unfortunately I ordered before I took a look at the prices...$12 minimum for ANY sandwhich.  Outrageous.  Nothing spectacular, could have done better on my own, and faster.  Definitely not coming back.
You want  a testament to how good the food is? My entire family came to visit from the east coast, and after a couple of days of hearing complaints about the food in AZ, I loaded them all up to make the drive out to Archie's. Every single one of them got just what they wanted, and RAVED about the quality! I was made to bring them all out to Archie's two more times over the next five days, and each time better than the last! After their return home, I had several phone calls with various family members about how much they loved Archie's! Not how good it was to see me, about the food at Archie's! Suffice to say next time they are out here, we'll be parked at a booth at Archie's for a good part of their visit! Thanks Archie's!!
Still loving the sandwiches, but I'm really not happy with the slice of lemon cake we brought home Friday... Overbaking a butter cake and sticking some lemon curd between the layers doesn't make it delicious as several employees claimed... Did they try it? I think not, if they had, delicious wasn't an applicable word... Let's try dry, hard, unpleasant... I did like the frosting, but it wasn't lemon either... The main man summed it up when he said "I get it, they needed to get rid of it and we fell for the marketing."

Be forewarned Archie's, I will be in tomorrow night to talk about this... The cakes are having technical and quality issues that need fixing...
Always good food. The Ruben is insane, very accommodating staff , family feel, good selection of deserts , the potato pancakes are just like my grandma used to make. Always roomy in the back you can be semi private if you like. The sandwiches all have Alot of quality meat. I hope this place stays around for a while.
Yup, I've become a big fan of Archie's.  I'm a big breakfast guy and love the fact you can get it anytime of the day.   The servings tend to be very very large.  The pancakes cover the plate and are impossible to finish, but are oh so good.  The bacon is thick cut and the bread/bagels are great.  I'm not a huge fan of the breakfast potatoes, then to be a bit greasy, but you can substitute for something else.

I've also had several of the lunch menu sandwiches and find them great... love the rubens.  Give them a try!
Expensive.  Sandwiches were not that big, the meat was just piled in the middle so when they were sliced they give the illusion of being packed.  $12-14 for a sandwich, $2 for coffee and $5 for bland cheesecake, not worth it.
Sandwiches are pretty big but very pricy if you ask for a half sandwich your options are very limited so I opted for the $12 meal. I had the Pastrami "Vito" which was very good the potato salad was a bit too sweet for my liking, also had the Matzo Ball Soup it was okay but the Matzo ball broke apart more than it should maybe it was a bit dry in the middle also had to add a lot of pepper and salt to fix it up. Service was good. Over all it's a good place to visit if you have some bucks to burn :) and want a good sandwich.
If you're looking for good food this is the place to go. I recomend the pastrami on rye. It was so good we ended up going back the next day for more.
I've been to this place at least a dozen times and have never had a bad meal.  They have a wonderful breakfast and if you get the right waitress, you'll get good service.  

My only grip about this place is that you will be gouged for coffee or soda.  $2.49 for a cup of coffee or soda!  Really??   I do like the food so I will keep going back but I just get water to drink from now on.
Jewish "Style"... Oy Vay you've got to be kidding! Overpriced and Management is very unwelcoming! It's like a white guy trying to run a Soul Food Restaurant... It doesn't work.. I'm driving to the other side of town for CHOMPIES! 

Zie Gezunt... Which in Yiddush means " you should be well"
Pastrami sandwich was good as were the fries but at $19 and some change ($16 and change for the meal and $3 tip) for one person to have a sandwich, fries and iced tea is a bit too steep for lunch. And it wasn't a huge sandwich like I've had in other deli's for a cheaper price. Normally I only eat half of a deli sandwich and bring the other half home. Not here, ate the whole thing.

Too bad because I liked the atmosphere of the place.
Great Place for Lunch!  The wait staff is very nice and greet you as you come in. I had the double jeopardy sandwich which is half pastrami half corned beef triple decker sandwich! WOW! So much sandwich for the money!
I've been back a few times since my initial review and all I have to say is I love this place. 

I'm glad it's a bit of a drive from home because I'd be here way to often if it wasn't...
Love it. Massive portions of delicious food, good coffee, great service. Being a Brit, and new to the area, I was surprised to find a Breakfast eatery with a 'Jewish twist'. I used to eat up in Golders Green in London, and this place would fit right in!

I can recommend the chilli omlette, which comes with home fries to! Good Luck walking out without feeling utterly stuffed after that!
ARCHIES IS NOT A JEWISH DELI. Anyone who thinks it is has never been to a real Jewish deli...period. I have been to Archies a handful of times. I can honestly say it has gone severely down hill. The food was ummmm.not good. Service was so so at best. Archies sucks and that is down from ugggh. The matzoh ball soup is a crime to matzoh ball soup. The pastrami and corned beef was really bland.....and tasteless. it would be the laughing stock of "delis" for about 4 days until it closed in a Jewish neighborhood. Do not kid yourself....
Best grilled cheese ever!!!!! This place is awesome!
The reason for one star is one word-management! I called in a take out order and arrived to pick it up. When the cashier told  me my total it was for a regular menu sandwich.I  said it's the Early Bird price. She said okay and was attempting to correct my bill when the manager came over. He never said hello or even acknowledged me. He asked her "what are you doing very nastily" she explained and he snapped again stating that this was the full price size ,grabbing the bag from her and tossing it on the counter. He told the kitchen he needed another one of the smaller size.
His rude attitude and harsh behavior was so un called for. 
At this point I am annoyed by his rude behavior and total lack of customer service. Not to mention the food he wasted. Needless to say Archie's has lost another customer. Go somewhere else.
A bit pricey and the pastrami is sometimes too fatty.  However, on a good day you can get an excellent pastrami sandwich and some very good pickles.  On the very best days they'll give you more than one pickled green tomato per pickle-plate.  If they lowed their prices 1 - 1.5 dollars per sandwich, I'd be here more often.
Great food and large portions! The biscuits and gravy are the best I have ever had.
Pastrami on toasted hoagie with Coleslaw and Russian dressing was amazing.  Finished it off with some homemade rice pudding & a chocolate dipped macaroon.  Amazing Food!!
The food continues to be great but it seem like there's a couple of the waitress that are getting to be a little snippy.  

Today the wife went there with her regular cast of friends for breakfast and ordered the Greek Omelet but when her ordered arrived, it wasn't a Greek Omelet, it was a Feta Omelet and when she told the waitress she didn't order Feta, she waitress insisted that what she got was what she ordered and refused to correct it.  

On another occasion I ordered some eggs and told the waitress that what I really would like to have was over medium (yellow runny but the white cooked) but I had always had to order them well done because the cook can't seem to ever get it right (the white was ALWAYS runny).  She said that I should order them medium well but I told her that from my experience, over medium to the cook means over easy no matter how many chances I gave him.  Oh my, she was not happy that I said that!  From then on you could tell that she was forcing herself to come to the table to check on us.  

So, when I go, I just have to avoid those two waitresses.
So... it's been just over two years that I've been here and due to my wife having a constant "give people a chance to redeem themselves" attitude I did just that.  We walked in on a Saturday around brunch time and they weren't too busy so we were seating quickly.  Our server shall remain nameless but she was extremely rude and almost seemed put off that she had more people to serve than she wanted.  I asked (just as before) if the meat was made in house or brought in from a service she immediately told me it was brought in and even told me the name of the company that prepares it.  I can't help but remember the email I got from the owner stating all the meats were made in house and asked me to come back for a tasting.  Any way...  The meat was terrible again! Not greasy as before but slimy as heck and that made the bread very soggy so I took the meat off to try it alone and it was too bad to eat so I called the waitress over and as I was explaining what was wrong she grabbed my plate and walked away.  I said "excuse me I wasn't done talking."  Without turning around she said I will just take it off.   Again the food and service are absolutely deplorable.
The Manager here is an idiot this guy has an ego way to big for his own good. The food is good but over priced but because of Management I will never return.
Great new location. I am excited they moved closer to us. Always the best sandwiches in Surprise.
I went here for brunch with my fiance and mother in law and the food and service was great.  Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  It is very casual and clean.  We had a good time and will visiting again soon.
Understand the reason they moved to their new tiny location was because of NON PAYMENT OF THEIR RENT From their previous location on Litchfield...Went back to give another shot, that's what I needed... A shot from a bartender or maybe or Doctor...
This place has moved farther west on Bell toward Litchfield road and it is still awesome!
First of all let me say I used to work for this "managment" when the store was located in 59th tbird... They are the rudest owners I've ever experienced. When I was training ( I was 16 first job am now 22 ) I was told to learn something and they wouldn't teach you only yell because you messed things up... also working there I have seen the guy manager yell at customers all the time because his huge ego! This is not the place to eat .. OVERPRICED.BAD MANAGMENT. AND ON DAYS BLAND FOOD. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!
One of the many affordable restaurants in the M Resort. Great food at great prices. You might think it's a quick deli kind of place but you definitely get restaurant style quality and service. Simple game foods like burgers, hot dogs, fries, and pastas but wonderfully prepared. Onion rings are yum! great place!
We had  pound hot dogs that were pretty good, but I would avoid the  the prepared food in the deli case which looked pretty nasty.
Vig Deli is (thanks to the change in operating hours of The Red Cup Cafe) the only place to get food 24 hours a day at The M Resort.

The menu features a wide array of different Burgers, sandwiches, salads and so on. Serving sizes are large and well presented and the prices are affordable.

Unfortunately this is very much "fast food" - the stuff looks MUCH better than it tastes and the eating area is rather small and soul-less like a food court.  If you are at M late at night and find yourself the victim of a snack attack - this will do just fine. Otherwise it's not something to go out of your way for.
The night before last I had a chance to revisit the Vig Deli inside the M resort.  I've previously eaten here and found the deli to be exactly as described; a deli.  Now, this would be fine if it were located in an older, more run-down resort, however, this is the M.  I expected a little more the first time I ate and the same after this past experience.  

Basically, my major reservations about the Vig are:

1. No waiters - From an employment standpoint I feel this to be a way to tighten up the cost of labor.  If you want a counter order deli, put in a Capriottis.

2. There is no comparison between the Vig & Carnegie in Mirage.  The food, service, and portions are all justified in the price.  This brings on #3

3.  For the price, the M resort can do so much better; and does.  Almost every restaurant in the M, including the The Red Cafe is a better overall choice IMHO.  

Finally, I would like to summarize my review by saying that although, the Vig is a small blemish to the M resort on most key points.  The food is flavorful and quick.  If your at the sports book or playing around the resort and need a quick bite, you can do worse in the city.
For some reason, I have a habit of eating super late when most of the restaurants have closed. Oh well, lucky for me Vig Deli was open. I didn't feel like I was at a casino when i got my snack on with a grilled 3 cheese sandy...woohooo!  i mean really, grilled cheese may not cut  it for some, but it can be ALL that with a bag of chips and a pickle on the side.  It was a decent sandy with a slight crunch and soft follow through...mmmelty!  This may not be the greatest place, but it'll do.
ill make this quick. my party and i didnt arrive at the m for our stay until 1am so this place i believe was the only place open in the hotel.

typical deli fare, sandwiches, salad and soups. i ordered a chicken ceasar salad which i thought was delish but my aunt ordered the tuna melt and didnt like it.  

the man behind the counter was very friendly and helpful and for me hey it beat room service. a chicken caesar salad at the M room service was 16.95, here it was only 8.95 so that worked for me
Sampled this place while at the M Resort since me and my bud was hungry.  The place is just a regular deli but since we don't have much deli joints back home we decided to grab sandwiches.  Got the pastrami reuben sandwich that was recommended by the cashier and I don't know if it was because we were hungry or what but the sandwiches tasted good.  Nice sized portions of meat with no fat inside.  The bread was kinda cool too.  It seems that the bread is like a rye bread with a swirl of dark rye in the middle.  Expect to pay about 10 bux but definitely worth it for the quality of sandwich you are getting.  The workers are fast, and even though it's a walk up counter, they got workers that clear the tables and trash fast.
This place is AWESOME! My friend and I came here after happy hour at the Hostile Grape (Which is also GREAT BTW)! It's def. got the homemade Deli feel, but with a modern ambiance (being that it is in the M Resort). The tuna melt and the reuben (that I ordered) was DELICIOUS.  Perfect meat to bread ratio and a pickle on the side to compliment the meal. The bread was not overly fried up, so my hands didnt feel greasy after handling it. 

GREAT GREAT DELI! I wish they had more Vig Deli places in the valley.
We dropped by the M resort out of curiousity (since we've never been) and to grab a quick bite to eat on the way back home to la.  At first we lined up for buffet only to figure out that if we ate buffet, we'd spend around 2 hours, which would effectively put us in the main flow of traffic down back to la so we decided to try this place. 

wow, the servings here are huge!  we got the club sandwich, tuna sandwich, the philly cheesesteak, fries and onion rings.  i was honestly stuffed from only half of the philly cheesesteak and the others i was with couldn't even look at the second half of their sandwiches. the onion rings were huge and the serving size for the fries was enough for 4 people.  

the bus people were definitely on point with cleaning tables, and often would come around asking/helping many of the customers find seats.

you need to try this place out, they do not disappoint with the sandwiches.
Had the triple decker sandwich. Turkey with pastrami and provolone. Three stunningly beautiful slices of bread. Nom yummy I say. Huge portion with tons of flavor but not so ovwrwhelmimg that you have to wash it down with gallons of water.

Would not mind making that extra stop to visit this joint prior to entering the strip.  It is located within the "M" casino.
This is the second time I've been to Vig Deli. The first time I was there I wasn't hungry and was just sitting and chatting with friends, but after seeing the food that came out, I made the point that I will be back to taste the food out myself.

So this place is a high-end deli joint located in the M Casino.  (for those who don't know, M casino is a fairly new establishment in Henderson area where the first thing you see coming across the mountains from LA would be the M casino)

Checked out the menu and decided on the philly cheesesteak sandwich.  For $9.99, the portion was humongous!  Aside from the bread being super soft and delicious, they don't skimp on the toppings either!  Loaded with thinly sliced steaks smothered with I believe it's provolone cheese (it didn't taste like Mozzerella) and beautified with various red and green bell peppers with onions, this sandwich is a piece of art!

One bite into the sandwich I couldn't stop myself from digging further.  (despite my continued effort in cutting carbs down and out of my diet, I have to have this sandwich whole and quick!)  Overall the sandwich was tasty, soft, delicious, yet not salty at all!  Very proud of Vig Deli for creating this masterpiece...

My buddy got the triple decker with swirly bread!  The sandwich is actually bigger than those busses if there are any triple deckers out there.....OMG!  I'm so proud of him for finishing that up but I'm sure he was dying afterwards.... and he said it was absolutely wonderful!  The other two buddies got the pastrami sandwich and a bbq pull pork.... pastrami is pretty good and not salty and the pull pork is actually better than most of the bbq joints out there!  (Shame on your other "real" bbq joints out there for not being able to keep up with a deli joint!)  

Love me some onion rings as they looked so big and delicious, but needed to pass on this before I pass out!

One very small gripe though... I was looking forward to chicken livers as they had it on the menu last time I was here few months ago but they decided to take it out..... pretty sad as I was really looking forward to trying it.........

Definitely a place worth visit when you come to vegas.  Better yet, before those of you who drives from CA to NV and is heading back home, you might as well stop by the Vig Deli and pick up some of these artistic creations on your way back!  I guarantee that you will have a great ride home instead of trying to hit up In N Out or McDonalds for that matter!  Just make sure you stay awake after ingesting these awesome sandwiches!
My wife and I have an agreement... During college football season, Saturday is reserved for "Joseph" Day.  I usually get to the M resort and casino at 8:30am and stay until about 10pm to 11pm. (yes, about 13-14 hours)!  Usually the games are done by then.  Yes, i wish there were couches there with a "blanky".  

At the M's sportsbook, I have complimentary beer when I bet (usually order the Belgian Beers) and can watch over 30 something games.  In addition, I can manage my bets.  I love the M... they have odds for most of the casinos in vegas... What else can a guy ask for?

Anyways, when I am hungry, I usually swing over to the Vig Deli - few steps away from the Sportsbook.

It is a cozy.  Lines are a bit long during lunch time (as expected).  But, it is only a 5 minute or so wait.

Service - excellent.  The cashier is very sweet and the orders are takened and served pretty quick --  2-5 minute wait for the food.  

Meal -- well, it is pretty good.  So far, I would highly recommend:

a.  Egg, Ham, and Cheese.  Usually, they serve it on a bagel, but I prefer to have it on a French Bread.  It is not your McDonald's type of breakfast sandwich.  It is fresh and VERY Very good.  It cost about 5.99 or so.
b.  Footlong Chili dog with cheese - the dog is a bit salty; however, you kinda forget about it because the chili and cheese makes this a good buy.  Again, it is under $6.  

They also serve Philly Cheese Steaks and Burgers... will try that out another time.

Overall, this place is a great sports book deli (much better than SouthPoint -- kinda over priced over there and quality and is worst).  For the price and quality, I would highly recommend this place.

Cheers!
Before heading back to the strip from an all night gambling streak here at The M, we stopped to grab a snack at  Vig Deli.  I wanted something small and simple, so I opted for a 1/4pd hot dog.  Have I forgotten how big a 1/4 pd really is? If I was supposed to order by the numbers, well I already screwed up by saying "1 hot dog, please."  At any rate, it was tasty and at least know that the hot dog is safe there.  My friend had a basket of fries and I even split the hot dog with her.  I think chili would have been perfect with those fries and the hot dog as well.  I think we tend to get delirious about snacking when you've been gambling all night and hit a deli at 3am.
Where have the soda machines gone?
I had two diametrically opposed experiences at this "deli." My first visit was pleasant enough as I had good, homemade latkes and a Chicago hot dog! I'm telling you the latkes were really good (perfectly spiced, moist and crispy), and my Chicago dog was prepared just right with just enough char!
On the second visit the the latkes were nauseatingly bad. They were the worst latkes I've ever had! Terrible flavor and preparation. Did a two-year-old make this? Were these made of rotten potatoes and onions mixed with garbage? Feh!!!!
I also ordered the pastrami! This pastrami was obviously low-grade store-bought value-brand drek. Did this even come from a brisket, let alone a cow? It was possibly the worst pastrami I've ever had. It tasted like a cheap hot dog, and that, my friend, is not how the sexiest of the cured meats is supposed to taste! I would not chance eating their pastrami again!
My parents love this casino it is their favorite place to go to get that gambling itch on. My mom would stay here for almost 24 hours out on the casino floor draining her pockets away just for a moment of excitement when she would reach her bonus rounds on the penny machines. She might as well play $1 slots because she would be max each time, she just think her chances were higher. When her wallet gets empty she would stop by this place located right in front of the casino entrance next to the sports bar. Her favorite sandwhich would be the Philly Cheese Steak. Her and my dad would share it all the time. They took me here once and I had the roast beef beef sandwhich. The portion sizes are generous, the fries are always fresh. I also ordered some onion rings, some of the best I have ever tried! I love their onion rings. What's funny is I have two of my old coworkers working here! haha! - The M though is a great place , I love the decor. The service here is good and the cashier name Rovie is kinda ditzy... lolz.. jk... Shes awesome, make sure you tip her!
First off I would like to say I just got off work and joined my friends at the M to watch the NCAA games got a beer and was starving. Everyone around us had food and it looked and smelled great. I don't know if it was because i was hungry or what..
I could not find the server in the bar that took the food orders so i went straight up to the deli. My boyfriend wanted the meatball sub and I was going to get the chicken pita. I ordered the food and asked what was on both of the sandwiches since the menu didn't describe anything at all. 
The guy who took my order couldn't even tell me what was in the pita or what cheese came on the sub. I told him I was sitting in the bar watching the games and was wondering if there are any specials???? I got the duh uhhh face look and didnt even answer me. I was like never mind just the sub and pita, figured for 10$-11$ a sandwich it would come with idk chips or FF!!!!!  I got the food went back to the bar to eat.
1. I Have to say the meatball sub was really good. The meatball were full of flavor and a good size. BF enjoyed!!! But no side.
2. My pita had very little chicken and over whelmed with onion.!!. There was no sauce or anything just chicken,chesse and a pound of onions. 
WAS NOT IMPRESSED OR HAPPY SINCE I WAS STARVING.
later on i finally saw the server and she was like oh just to let you know if your still hungry we are doing a LG pizza and a Pitcher of beer for 17$ 
OH now you tell me the specials after i already had a bad experience and was over it now. 
I know I will be going back to the M to watch the game but thats most likley the last time im going to order from there.
damn great food.everything that i had on the menu so far was delicious.,cooked perfectly.even the chicken soup and chili rocks.the best is the philly steak,burgers,onion rings....as of 4/23/11 I had a change of hear solely due to their french dip....it was below sub par as it was tasteless and bland,,only when i brought it home and had to add REAL spices and such to it that it actually kind of somewhat tasted ok,,and that was only beacause i added the needed and necessary spices to the sandwhich....oregano,pepper,onions,etc,,,and i do have to question their service lately...its gone from bad to worse..takes almost an hour just to get something other than soup and even that is questionable now...other than that....the food that i DID try was great,,,just be prepared to add your own spices to it..seriously.
My BFF and family had visited our fab city of Las Vegas and we just had to sneak in one last visit and lunch. The M Resort is always our perfect choice as it gives fantastic access to the 15 and quick for us to get to from home.  We had not tried The Vig Deli yet, and we both have children under 7 and thought the ease and comfort of a casual setting was the perfect choice for us.
The employees were nice and helpful beyond the call of duty.  We had ordered quite a few different things so we could all share but I was worried about carrying it all to the table. Michael, the cashier assured me he would help. After about 10 minutes our food was ready and myself and BFF started to carry it to the table when he ran over and said "Let me help!" without us even asking! He took the trays out of our hands and brought them to the hubs and kids.
The food was fresh and delicious! We had a chicken caesar salad, cheeseburger and FF, soup, and sandwich and more. Of course, I LOVE the refillable soda machine as I am a lover of Diet Coke. 
We even had a "party foul" when my son spilled some of his soup. The attendant ran over and helped and was so sweet about it and wouldn't accept a small tip we offered! Really?! 
Once again, The M has done a fabulous job of choosing employees and offering delicious and comfortable dining!
Gross brisket. It was more fat and jelly like. The bbq sauce used was gross. The turkey burger was nasty too
I always have the footlong here...while my hubby likes their salad.  It's very convenient to eat here while on a break from playing poker at M's poker room.
The only place in the M Resort on Father's Day that had a reasonable wait time.

Grilled Chicken Caesar Wrap was one of the specials of the day.  For $10 you'd think it would be a little more fancy than a normal salad in a wrap.  Or at least come with a side.  That being said, I love normal Caesar salad so it was very tasty to me.  Also ordered a side of fries that was ginormous, so that deal balanced the whole thing out.
Really, don't listen to all these complainers with the 1-star reviews. 

Came to The M last night to get some drinks and hang out. Went to the Lobby Bar (will have to review that seperately) for a few drinks and afterwards me and the girlfriend were pretty hungry. We just wanted something quick and easy. Saw the word "Deli" and thought thats exactly the kind of "quick and easy" we were looking for...

We ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich along with an order of chili cheese fries all to share. First off, the portions are HUGE, 3 people could have easily shared. The BBQ pulled pork sandwich was boommb. I dont know if it was the alcohol beforehand or what, but it hit the spot and then some! The chili cheese fries were not too bad either! 

BBQ pulled pork - $5.99
Side of fries - $2.99 (add $1 for chili AND cheese!)


Amazing deal for some pretty damn good food! Will definitely be back to both the Lobby Bar and Vig Deli!
The N.Y. Steak Pita is the way to go. Can't go wrong. The Vig Deli is the place to go!
Worst pizza ever. So greasy and I'm pretty sure the cheese is gov't processed. I've had better pizza from Little Caesers.
Walked around and around trying to find a decent priced meal and I found this Deli.  Hey, after being in Vegas for a few days and spending your money on cabs your shouldn't had and still want to gamble, this is the place to be.

Once again, on this trip I had the philly cheese steak.  I guess I didn't have enough from my trip at Mandalay.  This sammich is DELISH!  Over flowing of meat, has enough caramelized green peppers and onions and enough cheese.  Now that's how you make it!  I was amazed for a lil person like me, I inhaled it and was definitely satisfied.
For simple food, this place is great!!! Chicago dog for 3 dollars!! Giant burgers for 7.  And cheap booze for five!!! All this without leaving the comforts of my hotel room.  And the best part to this place is the eye candy.  A guy can go blind looking at all the head lights blaring at cha!!!
Gotta love the Vig Deli because it's a great alternative to The Studio B Buffet when the line and wait are so long at that establishment that anything starts sounding good.  Fortunately, Vig Deli is a pretty good place to satisfy an appetite.  Forget about Hash House A-Go-Go...the food there is pretentious and the flavors are lacking.  If Studio B is bustling then the best alternative has got to be Vig Deli unless you have a nice suit on and have an incredibly beautiful date with you, then I'd go to one of The M Resort's fancier eating establishments.

Just a note:  the chili is crazy good at the Vig Deli.
The Vig Deli is in the M Resort adjacent to the sports book. It is a typical deli offering dogs, burgers, pizza, sandwiches and everything to go along with them. You go to the counter and order by the number associated with your item. When your food is ready they call your number.

My wife and I each got the Nathans hot dog. We shared an order of fries and onion rings. If you are going to share you should just get one order. Each order is huge. The hot dog is very good and I do recommend it.

Everything else on the menu looked very good. But I cannot give an honest opinion on their taste. The only service you get is the clean up of the empty tables. The lady was very nice and helped us get a clean table.
We never leave a late night at M without aquick bite from Vig Deli.  It might be a tad pricier than your average deli, but their portions are huge (easy to share 1 sandwich between two people)!  

Vig's is your typical deli with sandwiches, wraps, burgers, hot dogs, soups.  My favs are the Philly Cheese and pastrami sandwiches.  Love the chicken noodle soup there...love!  Their hot dogs (Nathan's) are on point too.  One time I got the French Dip (favorite sandwich of all time), and I have to admit that it wasn't the best and kind of bland.  I ended up sticking an onion ring in the sandwich to make it good.  Other than that though, food has been pretty great!

Do share the side orders of fries and onion rings - the portions are pretty big.

Pretty much a serve your self type of place.  Nothing too fancy - but a really nice late night eat spot in my opinion!

After playing at the tables for a while, don't forget to ask the pit boss for some comps.. they are super generous at M!
The Vig Deli has incredible sandwiches.  We are especially addicted to the Philly Cheesesteak.  It is always loaded with mushrooms, onions, peppers and cheese.  The bun is perfectly toasted.  The Reuben is good as well, with lean beef.  Fries are hot, and have a good potato flavor.
Pretty darn good deli sandwiches - had the Reuben - lots and lots of meat between 2 pieces of soft rye bread - condiments on the table like hot mustard - slap it on the sandwich and wolf it down!!  Really, really good Reuben!

Also, had a taste of their Chicken Noodle Soup - a big heaping bowl plate of their Chicken Noodle soup - loads of chicken pieces and noodles in a nice clear chicken broth - good for days when you don't feel like eating a whole lot.  

How to order - order at the cashier, pay for it and then wait for your no. to be called to pick up your food - just like in the New York Delis.  

Noisy atmosphere in the corner of M Resort.
Some of the best deli food ever.  A lot of good stuff on the menu.  HUGE portions.
On a mission to find a late night meal with my cousin we came across the Vig Deli. Got the BBQ beef brisket and the steak pita wrap which we both decided to share(total of about $20). 
First had my half of the $10 tasteless wrap which I tried to help with Tabasco and ketchup. It sucked. Moved onto the beef brisket.. again it sucked! The globs of cold BBQ sauce tasted horrible and looked like it had been sitting for a while. With pure anguish I than like a madwoman dashed on some Tabasco and smeared on relish. Attempts were futile as we finally sat silently staring at the unfinished food deciding the best part of this meal was the cup of coca cola. Save your money and the space in your bellies I beg of you!
When I first tasted this place it was pretty awful; however, after coming back again this place has gotten better! The variety of choice that they have is great and the size of the food is worth the price. 

I usually order the spaghetti & meatballs.  Thought its not something out of a five-star italian restaurant it is certainly better than the one a any Olive Garden restaurant. 

Past orders (out of 5 stars) 
Casear Salad: 3.8
Fish & Chips: 4.2
Patty Melt: 4.0
Fries: 4.5
Cheese Steak:3.8 (I think I prefer Capriottis Cheese steak over Vig deli)
Tuna Sandwich: 3.0
Chicago Hot Dog: 3.0

Service:  The cashier I usually encounter are always very pleasant and they usually have a great attitude.
The M resort tends to be a isolated island in more ways than one when you stay there. 

First of all, I absolutly love the place and it's high class. top shelf all the way, but it is... ON ITS OWN.

That being said, when you have had a drunken binge on the strip and it comes time to call the resort shuttle, while waiting 15-25 minutes for the shuttle to arrive and then venturing home on the seemingly endless 15-25 minute ride whilist being borderline puke drunk from the strip, it dawns on you that the "quiet off strip" location is not that appealing anymore.

So, what better way to cure your drunk munchies by eating a big ol' greasy deli-style sandwich at the Vig.

I ate late night munchies at the vig all three nights I stayed at the M, and all I can remember is that I ordered a Reuben one of the nights, Can't remember any of the other sandwiches I ordered haha!

-Ken Bernanke
Had a little time to kill before playing poker, so I thought I would grab a quick sandwich.
It was Sunday  about 11:00 so the deli was steady but definitely not busy. 

I opted to order the Hot Corned Beef for about $12. After about 15 minutes I beginning to think this is taking to long. I realize that they are also taking orders for the bar, but Damn! Well, it takes another 20 minutes for my order to come up. 

OK, order in hand I am ready for my big juicy sandwich, right?. Wrong. What I get is two thick slices of very dry Marbled Rye, 1/2 teaspoon of whole grain mustard, rubbery corned beef and soft (not melted) Swiss cheese.

What a drag.
Vig Deli has a great menu and consistently good food served in large portions. A few of my favorites are the Reuben, Tuna Salad, Nathan's Chicago Dog and the Steak Pita Wrap. My big problem is the lack of a list of ingredients on the menu, as a salad I ordered a while ago did not come with the ingredients that are standard on that salad. The Deli was nice enough to replace it though. Overall, a solid food outlet within the M.
This place is a great alternative if you're super hungry and not willing to take on the lines at M Buffet or Hash House (two great places to eat, by the way), OR you have a huge craving for deli food. I've been here a couple of times, and the last time I came here we picked up food for the road trip back to Cali. 

The service is alright, the workers helpful and pretty friendly. The price of the food I think is a little bit on the pricey side for some of its deli items. My boyfriend ordered the Tuna Melt, which was delicious and I ordered the Pastrami sandwich and asked to add an over easy egg. The cashier said it was the first time anyone's ever asked for that, but she was happy to add it to my order. Both orders came with pickles (which I LOVE), but the only thing missing from the entire meal was sides. I wish their sandwiches came with at least fries. 

Note: if you do decide to get a sandwich to go with an egg order it at least over hard. It can get pretty messy on a road trip. 

Overall, this is still a great place for a pretty great tasting sandwich, but honestly I would probably get Hash House to go instead.
If you have no patience and would like to avoid the lines and crowd at the M, then this is the place to grub!

Vig deli is located who knows where in some corner at the M.

I love this place because it is quick and easy, but yet their food is very delish, and does not have the same quality as a fast food.

They have many varieties from salads to lox bagels, to fish and chips to burgers.

Whenever I am not in the mood to to line up i usually come here.

This place is usually empty, great service, and the food is prepared upon order.
How do I live so close to the M and not come here more often?!

A girlfriend and I stopped since we needed dinner and a study break.  The place is literally on the casino floor with no barriers between you and the slot machines.  The sports bar is also nearby so you can hear lots of cheering (or booing, depending on the game and people) if there's an exciting game on.

My girlfriend ordered the chicken tenders and fries.  I got the beef brisket sandwich ($8.99?), fountain drink (makes me wish the M still offered free soda), and fruit tart ($4.99, say what?!).  My bill was $16 and some change.

Note, napkins are only available at the counter where you pick up your food, although plastic ware and stuff is located near the self-serve stuff.

Our food came out pretty quickly, just enough time for the two of us to devour the delicious and beautiful fruit tart.  My sandwich was huge, I could only eat 1/2 of it.  The beef was moist and tender and covered in just enough BBQ sauce.  This wouldn't be a good togo or take home dish though because the moisture from the meat and sauce soak the bun.  It was good, not great, but good.
The fries were hot and good.  I liked that they weren't overly salty so you can still salt them to taste.  
My girlfriend's chicken tenders were ahhhmazing.  We couldn't finish all 5 of those huge suckers.  They were so moist and had a perfect amount of breading on them.  

Next time my girlfriend and I go back, I think we'll just get one order of fries and tenders to split between the two of us!  And I won't order a fountain drink.  Just not worth the extra couple bucks.  But I'll definitely be back.
I will come back definitely to try other food in the menu if i'll be around the area. Met up a few friends but no time to wait in a restaurant or buffet and it was the best option.
The tuna was really good and the burger was juicy. i tried the beef chili and did not expect to have a big bowl:-)
Maybe I'm rating this place a little higher than it deserves but that has to be in part because I have never once paid to eat here. They send me free coupons, I go to eat. The food is fine, nothing too special. I usually get a steak and cheese and chicken noodle soup. Both are very generous portions, especially the soup. It's a slight cut above your average casino snack bar food. Adjacent to the sports book so you can watch the game while you eat.  I've always had very friendly service and I love that the self-serve soda machine has Coke Zero.
My mom and I eat at the deli quite often since we don't always want the buffet and there is no real coffee shop at M Resort. (Hash Hash a Go Go is just too much food and not enough options.)  I have tried a variety of things at the deli and always had good meals.  This last time I had the turkey melt sandwich.  It was deli turkey with melted cheese on nicely toasted bread.  It was basic which is what I was looking for on this last visit.  My mom had the pastrami sandwich.  They give you lots of meat on your sandwiches which is nice.  Sandwiches come with yummy dill pickles which I love.  We also had their fries which are really delicious.  Nice and crisp on the outside, soft on the inside.  Food is a bit pricey but you are in a hotel/casino so what can you expect.  You can use your casino club points to pay for the food which is great.  If you are looking for a good deli sandwich, this is the place to go.
My mom and I hit up the Vig Deli for lunch again on our most recent visit to M Resort.  I had the chicken salad sandwich and my mom had the 1/4 lb hot dog, plus an order of fries.  Their fries are really good.  The chicken salad sandwich was good.  It had celery in it which is not my favorite but it did not really detract from the taste.  My mom liked her hot dog - nicely grilled, each the bun was grilled.  Nice touch.  We definitely will be back since we don't like Hash Hash a Go Go and don't want the buffet every time we go to M Resort.  The menu is quite extensive and they make it fast.
I want to like this place - I love the other restaurants at The M, but I cannot.   Food is so-so, high end bar food.  That's not the problem.  It's the service.    I wind up here when the other M restaurants are crowded and I keep hoping it will be different but it's always lousy.   Generally they take forever to serve and about half the time they screw up the order.  Of course when this happens the server is nowhere to be seen.   I'm guessing this is where they put the rookies and anyone that shines gets sent to one of the other restaurants.  That's just a theory.  Nevertheless, it's routinely awful.   (Last time they comped me it was so bad)
 You can do better elsewhere.
I really like the Vig Deli.  They have a great selection of food.  Be prepared the serving sizes are a bit on the large size come with an appetite. 

They have salads, cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches and amazing pizza. The most expensive thing on the menu is 10.99 so you won't break the bank. 

My favorite is the French Dip. The sandwich is packed with meat, this is not for someone on a diet.  My hubs gets the pizza quite a bit and says it is AWESOME!

We pretty much have tried everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed.
We were actually going to try the buffet since it was voted the #1 buffet in Vegas, but the line was too long and we were hungry.  Well look over there!  A deli with a very little line.   DONE!

Overall, an excellent deli.  Portions were good size, meat and bread were good, veggies were fresh, and you could tell they were working hard behind the counter.  As most Vegas casino food, it's a little pricey, but I prefer this deli compared to Subway.  

Next time we're at the M Resort, we might just skip the buffet again and go here.
I was surprised at the quality of food.  I went here with my parents and we ordered the Rueben Sandwich, a Cesaer Salad, and a bowl of chicken noodle soup.  ALL were delicious.  Next time I want to try the spaghetti and meatballs....that looked good also.
This place is your saving grace from the outrageous Buffet prices! It isn't cheap but it isn't over the top expensive either. It has soup and pizza and fried stuff, you know the usual deli type fare.
 The seating is ok, typical small tables with small hard chairs. Service is fairly quick, sometimes there is a line. They have a lot of condiments you can put on yourself etc. It's conveniently located on one corner, technically you can probably call something in or get something quick at that entrance if preferred.
 Nothing bad to say here, it's clean. Might not be the best in town ( Which I have yet to find deli wise) but its a great alternative to the pricey sit down joints in this location. Worth a try.
We were headed to Hash House A Go Go only to find out they closed that location so we ate here instead. The food was delicious but way too overpriced for a deli sandwich. I got the Italian sub that had quite a bit of meat. My son got a slice of pizza that was probably the best priced thing on the menu. The slice was huge and only 5.99. Despite the food being delicious I  would probably only eat here again if it was the only thing open.
Really disappointed with the Roast Beef panini daily special. I got home and it's a mess of a sandwich. Dry meat, soggy bread and where's the horseradish sauce???? Even the pickle was sad.
I had this here before and it was fine. What happened?
Sorry to say, I may have to boycott the Vig Deli. Not the first time I've had a bad experience. Gonna be asking for a refund.
Meh.
We came here when my friends got the drunchies. For a deli inside a casino, it's really not that bad.

My friend ordered the reuben, which was honestly really good. The salty pastrami on a toasted bread, topped with sauerkraut that was actually sour, and not sweet. It was a bit too greasy for me, and I kind of felt the grease sitting in my stomach afterwards, BUT for the moment that I bit into it and ate the bite of sandwich, it was really good.

My boyfriend ordered the pastrami sandwich, which was okay. The bread wasn't toasted, so that already downgrades the sandwich. Withy a bit of mustard though, it's quite good. The pickle on the side was sour and delicious, giving it a refreshing kick.

We also ordered the fries topped with Texas beef chili and cheese. The chili wasn't terrible, but it definitely wasn't the best. It was more of a soup-y chili consistency, and therefore was more liquidy than appropriate with the french fries. The fries themselves weren't too bad, but unfortunately it soaked up the liquidy chili and got soggy. Another downside of the chili was that it was served on a basket covered with paper. Result: forks stab the bottom of the basket, creating holes, and therefore causing the chili to seep out the bottom. Poorly thought out, that's for sure.

Great drunk food, but probably not so great food for when you're sober.
I have been here several times now and always seem to have a good meal.  I decided to be a little healthier this time and had a Greek salad. It had a good mix of veggies and feta cheese on it with a tasty vinaigrette.  It also came with a plate of hummus and pita chips which was totally unexpected.  I think I actually like the hummus and pita chips better than the salad.  My mom had a pastrami sandwich with fries.  Their sandwiches are huge so she took half home.  Their fries are really good too.  I ate a ton of those.  We definitely will be back.
My husband and I love the Vig Deli.  The French fries are delicious as well as their sandwiches and salads.  We haven't had anything that isn't good there.  The pizza is also delicious.  I would recommend this place to anyone!  Just yummy!
I usually come here when I have some sort of food coupon from M Resort. The wait is never that long and while sometimes the person behind the counter can be a little rude, I just ignore it.

The wait for food doesn't take that long either and the portions are big. Recently, I ordered a bbq pulled pork sandwich with fries and there was so much pulled pork that it spilled out and I had to eat most of it with a fork. I'm not complaining about that though. Give me all the pulled pork! It was tasty, especially since I used a food coupon on it, and there was enough for me to take home leftovers.
we stopped here on our way home from Vegas and I have to say it was pretty darn good!!! the order is pretty filling and they give you a lot of fries. 

I ordered the hot dog and it was a little salty but I still enjoyed it. my fianc got the Philly cheese steak and he loved it! it was a little bland but adding some sauce on it helped. the burger was also nice and juicy so no complaints there. the pastrami was to die for as well. very juicy and filling. 

we got a side of cheese with our fries and omg was it good! they we're perfect with our meal!!! my friends got onion rings and they loved it. I personally don't like onion rings so I didn't try it. 

the service was excellent and fast. I would definitely come back here for a quick bite!!!
Vig is a quick stop to eat if you're wandering around the M. I really like their food selection and everything is very good. Prices aren't outrageous for the portions you receive, and the food is fresh. The service was friendly, mostly self service. I love their foot long Chicago dogs. Not just like the real thing, but a taste. Their pizza slices are huge and tasty. Stop here if you're hungry and not in the mood for anything super fancy.
This deli is adjacent to the sport book/sports bar area in the M Hotel and Casino. 

We stopped in for a quick bite after playing the tables for a little bit on our way out. It's a nice option for a meal. The deli meat was fresh. There was a nice option of different meats for sandwiches. There were several sides to choose from, but we skipped sides and opted for a salad. The sandwiches are made to order. The tomato and lettuce was crisp and fresh. The accompanying pickle was crunchy and yummy too. 

We also got a Cobb salad. All the items were fresh. It was a generous portion of ingredients. The dressing was good, but they had only a small selection of dressings.

In all, it's a decent place to eat. Nothing gourmet. Prices were on the high side. There were other food options if you wanted hot dogs, fish and chips or other dishes.
Basic deli near the sportsbook at the M Resort Casino. Easy, basic prices, descent portions. Quick bites.
...so why review this....hmmmm...its right down the street from where I live and when I or one of my friends has a cold or the flu I come here for the fresh Chicken Noodle soup which they sell at a great price...and...their other food is decent if you want to munch on something while you figure out what to bet on as the sports book is right there as well...did I mention the Chicken Noodle soup....yummmmm
Brooklyn Billy's may be hard to find tucked away in a business suite, but if you're craving real pastrami or a specialty club, it's worth it to find the Brooklyn Billy's X on the Las Vegas Sandwich Treasure Map. It's a real hole in the wall, a varied assortment of posters adorn the walls. As far as bringing an East coast taste out West, Brooklyn Billy's does the job better than almost every other sandwich shop in Vegas. Make sure to try the corned beef as it's Billy's pride and joy!
How does he make his bread? The desert is dry which spawns wonder bread, but his is perfect, good moisture, flavor, texture. Love it. Ham and Turkey could be a little more premium, but speaking of premium, you can't beat his roast beef or pastrami, best in Las Vegas. Nothing but characters behind the counter, Billy has thoughts, you can tell by the sign at the front door, "free speech zone" in poor handwriting. Lot's of New York flavor inside, prices are appropriate for what you get, maybe fifteen percent more than other deli's. I have all my lunch meetings here, love it!
Try the garlic bread Turkado with extra ham, my favorite, and get it Brooklyn Style. Everyone raves about the Rye bread.
Great......East Coast.....wait for it......SUB EXPLOSION!!

Tonight I've been won over by Brooklyn Billy's excellent subs.  I walked in and felt like I was back in Chicago.  The white floors and counter tops match the white walls, which you can see peering out behind an eclectic mix of posters (Jimi Hendrix, The Big Lebowski, etc...)  A few small tables are available, but the majority of the sub shop is made up of the exposed kitchen.  This is a very reassuring thing; good quality ingredients should be showcased as they're being built into a masterpiece.

Billy, yes Brooklyn Billy owns the shop and makes the sandwiches.  He was really friendly and welcoming, as I asked him what he likes.  He told me the roast beef is what Brooklyn Billy's will be known for.  Unfortunately, I couldn't go that route this evening.  Here is what I picked up:

The Big Lebowski's Favorite - Turkey, swiss, cole slaw, thousand island dressing, and lettuce all on a PERFECTLY fresh sub.  Since it was named after one of my favorite movie's, I had no choice but to order it.  I have to say, "The dude abides, man."  The bread was so incredibly crisp, it rivaled the crunch of the chopped lettuce with each bite.  The coleslaw wasn't too heavy, and the swiss really complimented the thousand island.  

Albacore Tuna Sub - Flavorful without being drowned in mayonnaise, this tuna was perfectly supported by that wonderful bread.  I had it with provolone, lettuce, and yellow mustard.  This sub was balanced and tasty.  I know tuna salad isn't health food, but I didn't feel weighed down after eating it like I might at some other sandwich shops.

**Both sandwiches were huge by the way, and about $7.75 each, Yum.


Bottom Line:  This East Coast-style sub shop packs serious flavor in it's high quality subs, made from a high quality guy.
I saw Brooklyn Billy's on the front page of the local paper "The View" ( I think its called) and decided to check it out. I've been back 2 times since and absolutely love this place. Apparently it used to be closer to where I live and now its further away!!! Oh well, the only thing I can say is if you're into Turkey and Avocado then order the "Turkado" sammy, this thing is the bomb!!! And get it on garlic bread, go for the extra calories.  hehe

Give this place a try if you can, large sandwich for just the right price. 

I also added the Hours of Operation to the business info but just in case its not posted when you read this here they are:

Mon - Sat: 10am - 9pm
Sunday: 11am - 5pm

But call just to make sure. ;P

Cheers!
I also learned of this deli from that newspaper, "The View."  I finally made it in today.  I really like restaurants that has the owner actually working it.  Owners tend to take pride in their product and I could tell Billy was damn serious about his subs.  I ordered the Roast Beef Melt with a side of macaroni salad.  The sub was crazy good, lots of juicy roast beef, buttered garlic roll, and mozzarella cheese.  It was packed with roast beef but not falling out of the roll, unlike that other favorite sandwich shop of mine, Capriotti's.  The mac salad was a sweet variety, I prefer the Hawaiian style mac salads which tend to be a bit more savory, like Aloha Kitchen at the California Hotel & Casino.  I really cannot wait to come back here and sample some other subs!
-He Said
From the looks of the place, they didn't give much thought to the interior. Luckily, there's a lot of passion and care evident in the food. There are only three tables inside (and one small one outside) and the walls are covered with random movie and music posters and a picture of Carrot Top eating there.

The sandwich I tried was excellent. It was a roast beef melt with a hefty amount of thinly sliced, quality beef with a rich, peppery flavor that filled a soft roll and was covered in melted cheese. It came with a side -- I chose the macaroni salad -- which was decent, but not that memorable. I ate there a couple weeks ago and can barely remember what it tasted like.

The girl behind the register was friendly and was nice enough to walk me through some of the menu items. The owner, Billy, was in the back making the food and like I said before, it's clear that he cares about what he puts out. This place might work it's way into my list of regular lunch spots.
I had heard good things about this place and decided to check it out. When I walked in it smelled like a real deli! It wasn't too loud but people were sitting around and enjoying themselves. There were posters on the wall to look at while you wait for you food so I wasn't bored. And any place that sells giant pickles is good in my book ;)
I did have one problem, though. And that's why I didn't give this place 5 stars. It seemed like they had had a rough day. I say that because they were having trouble putting our order and another person's order together correctly. They kept mixing up the orders and we had to wait 30 min. to get our food. And when I did get my food home I found out they forgot the oregano :( 
I crushed up some oregano at home and it was all good. And the sandwich was worth the wait. I haven't had a sandwich that good in a long time!
When I was being told about the this sub shop, I was thinking okay it is going to be ordinary and just a sub shop. True, but my rating is for the tuna sub. I asked Billy (the owner) which is his recommendation for bread he told me the wheat. So went ahead and ordered it. He Flame Grilled both sides of sub. I thought this will be different. The bread was sweet, he followed my directions on order to the T. Yes I am very picky. This was by far the best tuna I have had in Vegas(better than Eddie D's tuna sub). My wife started to eat mine, while hers was being made, she ended up giving me half of her roast beef sub (it was good but kept thinking- I want my tuna sub back) so she can keep my other half. I was thinking of ordering another 6in at that point. I am trying to watch my figure so I didn't. I am definitely going back for the tuna! 

Helpful Hints: He is passionate about politics and don't mention your from out of town or a tourist.
First off, Billy and his mommy run this place. Another Brooklyn mama's boy except this one still can't escape his momma 3000 miles away. Then after Billy decided to speak, it was revealed this loser thinks 9/11 was a government conspiracy. I actually had to defend the USA in front Billy as his mommy was shouting, "billy, cmon" Besides that, his food is horrible. The guy can't even afford a sign and he is hanging a bedsheet over his tiny restaurant. Billy can't afford quality meats either because his turkey was turkey roll and my sandwich ended up in the trash soon after. Mom and Pop places work, but mommy and sonny boy places don't.
The best subs in Vegas, period.  Nice knowing you capasomething.  The meats are delish, and the owner is fun to talk to.  Try the no sleep till Brooklyn, pastrami, coleslaw, garlic roll & more.  Try it you'll like it.
Found this place online, we're out of towners and went to check it out.  service was great and the price was ever better.  the sandwiches were good with medium to high quality meat - 

the ambiance of the place is really cool, they post the brooklyn time which was a nice touch.  had a great conversation with the owner, some of these reviews have commented on how he can be too political and force his views down your throat but thats TOTALLY wrong.  being opinionated is no crime and he likes to talk about things he cares about

so, to all you close minded haters, go get yourself a nice sandwich and leave.  to the openminded - grab a seat and shoot the shit with the owner.
Considerate service but the sammie lacks the flavor "pow!" of Capriotti's.
If you love the food here you should frequent this place more often. When I ate here last night he said that he will be going out of business soon. He couldn't even run the fryer because he said it costs too much. It was a shame because I've tried the onion rings here before and they were really good! 

He also doesn't accept restaurant.com coupons anymore. He said it was the biggest mistake he ever made and it cost him a lot of money. If you have already purchased one restaurants.com will give you a credit towards another restaurant. Even though he didn't accept the coupon I still ate here because he makes tasty sandwiches! I had a toasted Turkado this sandwich had lettuce, tomato, slices of avocado, turkey and mayo. It is was really yummy ! My husband had the Tuna on toasted bread. I have tasted the tuna sandwich here before and it is one of the best tuna sandwiches I 've tasted. He was running short on a lot of the sides so we had the potato salad. It had a nice creamy texture and the balance of flavors were perfect!
go here.

food is top quality and i didn't eat anything i didn't enjoy.

owner seemed real genuine and concerned that i enjoyed my order.  interesting guy to talk to as well.  

seriously, give it a shot and support a local, small business.
great food, great guy Billy is, rumors he's moving into Fred's Tavern on South Decatur between harmon and trop, sandwiches were best in town hands down, i think it was the way the restaurant was set up and location always plays a factor, menu looked like a book, great choices, but too much for a common customer to read, i think if he had all the deli meats,cheese, vegetables, condiments all together to everyone to see like subway, port of subs up front by having a simple menu, and have some hot sandwiches, and recommended favorites, better location, it will wipe subway, port of subs, quizno's out the west coast!
This bakery has been here a while now. I did not stop in until a couple of days ago. 

I can not speak on the deli aspect of it, I did not get any meats. 

I did however ask for one item that in on the menu. I was told this is a special order item. Well then state it as such. So I got a poppy seed something or other. It was dough with poppy seed shaped in to a roll. One personal sized lemon cake and an eclair. The poppy seed doohickey had no flavour, I mean nothing. The eclair was pretty bland and tasted as less than stellar ingredients were used. The lemon cake was so bad it was trash canned after one bite. 

So I can honestly say I have had better. Arizona has a hard time with good bakeries. 

The bakery it self felt bordering on depressing. I could not stay there for long.
I personally like this deli, it's in a convenient place (close to home) I love their meat selections and the dry sausage is excellent... I haven't had very many of their pastries except for one, which I am not sure what it's called... it is in the shape of a triangle with filling is of either cream cheese or fruit filling... they are YUM!! They people have always been very courteous and informative. Thank you!
In my travels to the local post office, I pass this place almost daily but have yet to stop until today.  Having some free time on this holiday weekend, it seemed appropriate to stop in and check out the offerings.  Now mind you, I have never been here before today and knew absolutely nothing about this place until walking through the door so there were no preconceived notions what so ever. 

When I arrived, there was but one employee and one customer.  Very spartan digs with some stock items on the right and the counter and kitchen on the left.  The first thing I noticed is the two women were speaking Polish.  Nice! Really? In Litchfield Park?  Knowing Russian (although not using it in too many years) it felt very familiar to me and that was quite nice.  

While waiting for their conversation to conclude, I scanned the place for some of the items on the shelves.  What I found brought me right back to the days of living in Europe back in the 80's.  An enormous assortment of products not seen since my last trip across the pond!  

When the women finished, I was greeted warmly and placed an order for something simple, a chocolate croissant.  Then to my right was a delightful looking apple tart which was screaming for me to take home so I selected that as well.  

We chatted each other up for a few minutes and then I was on my way.  Very friendly place, simple but does what its supposed to do.  High marks so far.  She even offered me a menu to take with me detailing all of their goodies. 

Upon returning home, the croissant was destined for my belly along with a piping cup of fresh coffee.  It was quite delicious and a repeat performance is needed!  

Later tonight, once dinner was completed, we tore into the Apple Tart, the other purchase made this morning. It also was exceptional!!  Memories of being at a cafe in Bavaria relaxing and not wanting to do anything but savor the moment came rushing back to me.  I'm hooked!

Dzikuj! Bd wstecz!
Jana's Bakery has great food and pastries. Only that they could make chocolate chip cookies again...The young lady behind the counter greeted me nicely when I came in and answered all my questions patiently. I found out that this was a Polish bakery. Polish bakeries in AZ?! Wow, rare. I'm glad that there is finally a good European bakery here in Arizona. :) Jana's Bakery also has great tiramisu and cannoli! And I know because I lived in Italy myself. Definitely going back there again!!!! Dzikuje!
We got some sweets (don't know their names) and bread here, and they were amazing. Seemed authentic as the rest of the clientele were conversing with the owner in Polish.
I'm not quite sure why the last reviewer would think the food here authentic, just because some patrons were conversing with the shopgirl in Polish.  Granted, there is that old chestnut which states, that if you see people of the same ethnicity as the restaurant dining there, it must be good.  

Well, try again!

People, who are Polish don't necessarily go to Jana's because it's the best; they go there simply because that's all there is folks!  The Valley's Polish establishments are few and far between and they know how to charge you for the privilege of eating food like you had at mama's back in Krakow.  But while some of Jana's donuts and pastries are spot on "Polish", many of their cakes are oversweetened  (by European standards).  The bread -- especially the rye bread -- is good, but frequently dry.  The sausage products good, but overpriced for the most part  (for less expensive meats and more variety, try Warsaw Village, located not so far away by car).  The prices for their stuffed cabbage and other "specialty meals", as one reviewer put it, is not outrageous, but no bargain.  The stocked produce  (barszcz, pate, cheeses, sauerkraut, etc.) is more expensive than at Warsaw Village, sometimes by multiples.  The makowiec -- the poppy pastry previously referred to -- is usually quite good.  If you buy it, I recommend NOT to take advantage of the day old ones they sell on the cheap:  this cake dries out fast.

Service is efficient, polite and friendly.  Variety of goods, fairly good  (again, Warsaw Village beats them out).  For a "bakery", you really can't fault their small selection of non-baked goods.  If you're looking for authentic Polish food, you'll find it here; especially where pastries are concerned.  However, their propensity to oversweeten, to no doubt please Americans' tastes, is unfortunate.

Best summed up:  most  likely the best Polish pastry place west of Chicago  (though Europa Pastry Cafe gives them a run for their money).  But like mama's back home? Yeah, I think not.
I really want to leave 4 stars for this place. It's new.. it seems family run.. the people working there were oh so nice. I was just disappointed in my sandwich. 

They use boar's heads meats and cheeses, but they don't carry any of the more "exotic" delish cheeses like havarti. Can't fault them for that. I had a turkey & cheese sandwich on a hero with garlic spread. Bread was blah. Out of a bag, boring, not tasty at all. Garlic spread was all mayo and no flavor (I'd prefer to see more of an aioli type spread, but that's me being picky). The only yummy thing about it was the turkey - which I can buy at Smith's for less. At $7.99/sandwich (with no sides!), I just expect a little more pizazz or taste. Next time I'll try an Italian sub and hopefully it will be more exciting. 

The fiance had some of the warm food - chicken cordon bleu with veggies and potatoes. He loved it. They also carry bfast and whatnot so I'm interested to try some of their other foods.
I had a sandwich from here. I was not sure what to order, but my friend suggested that i try the chicken with cheese. i was expecting something like sliced meat, but it twas a thick, juicy piece of chicken with cheese and and veggies. I really enjoyed it, and they also included a mini anti-pasta salad and bread pudding. I dont know if is how they normally do it, or if it was because i was with my friend, who is a regular. Either way, i was happy regardless. 

the prices may be high, but the sandwiches are very filling. i had half for lunch and the other half for dinner 

It breaks my heart that when i pass by, few cars are there. It is located in the small plaza just underneath Carmine's on the Hill. There isn't alot of businesses that are open at that plaza....bummer... 

I hope you give it a try!
Closed. Damn!
THIS RESTAURANT IS CLOSED! The Pasta Shop took over the location, which is a huge upgrade.
This is a fairly new Jason's location, behind Chandler Mall.  Jason's features a huge menu, huge portions of quality meats, breads, cheeses, etc.  Great soups & salad bar too.  Free soft-serve ice cream (yogurt?) for dessert too.  The standard accessory with sandwiches is a handful of potato chips.. well worthwhile to upgrade to fresh fruit (and they always have VERY good fruit), or potato salad (also very good).  Food delivery can be a bit on the slow side, mysteriously even at off-hours.  But other than that, it's all good.. a solid 4+ stars on the Brak-o-meter.
I have not been to a Jason's Deli in a long time.  The Chandler location is the first time I have been there...   Still love it!  So many things to pick from.  We went there, because my sister wanted soup.  And plus we had the 4 and 2 year old...  They can not sit still in a sit down restaurant.  

I got the daily special soup:  Chicken Pot Pie.  It was so good.  The mini puff pastry was a nice touch.  Loved it!  Then I got the New York Yankee sandwich.  The sandwich was HUGE.  And it was GOOD!  It was good food and good company from my sisters and the kids.
Very good turkey reuben and smoked turkey panini.  I tried both, preferred the reuben.  They have good quality ingredients, and they give you free ice cream.  Also, we had great service.
Jason's Delis is a good lunch option. It has something for everyone. Salads, Sandwiches, Wraps, Soups, Pastas... 

Things I really like here are: Soups (French Onion & Chili are my favs), Sandwiches (NY Yankee, Amy O Turkey, Sgt Pepper), Salad Bar (lots of choices), and different flavored iced teas (unsweetened, sweetened, or fruity). I also like the different side options you can sub instead of chips. I usually get fresh fruit because I love their sweet yogurt dip that comes with it. 

Personally I really like this place for the manager special - Half a sandwich and a cup of soup for about $7. I like that you can choose any sandwich you want (the options are endless or you can even make your own) and that they have about 7 different soups to choose from daily.
Well, I can see why some others complained- both my cousin and I got our orders screwed up- however, the food was really yummy.  I had gotten a turkey wrap and cheddar broccoli soup and she got the Reuben The Great and a side of steamed veggies. I even snuck off to the salad bar and stole some pepperoncinis for my sandwich and nobody said anything.  The atmosphere was really open and airy and clean.  Even though they forgot her pickle spear (and she was reallllllly looking forward to it) and gave me chips instead of veggies, the food in and of itself was delicious and apparently they include "free" soft serve ice cream that we totally forgot existed unfortunately. I'll totally be back!
Huge menu!  I had the Mediterranean wrap it was Delicious and they have the calories posted so I knew that I wouldn't have to feel guilty for what I ate later.  Can't wait to try something else off their menu.
We decided on this place a couple of days ago for dinner. Its nice they stay open til 10pm. Most sandwich places have long closed by then. We have eaten here once before this and it was about the same experience. It was just ok. 

My husband ordered the vegetarian wrapini without the cheese. He is a big eater and this was pretty small. I ended up sharing some of my sandwich with him. I ordered a half vegetarian muffaletta without the cheese. I watched while they "made" this. They took a pre-made sandwich out of the fridge, unwrapped the plastic, then removed the cheese, put it on a conveyer belt to warm the bread, and stuck it in a to go container. I was slightly bothered by this. The place wasn't busy, so why couldn't they make my sandwich fresh? I don't know how many other of the sandwiches on the menu are pre-made like this. i am guessing a large number of them. The sandwiches tasted ok. The veggies were pretty fresh so as far as I could tell they were probably made that morning. Every sandwich comes with chips and a pickle, which is nice. You don't have to pay extra for them like most places. Granted, you don't get a choice of chips.  

All in all our total for two sandwiches with chips and pickles and two drinks was under $20. Its a good deal if you don't have any other options available to you.
I tried Jason's Deli a few weeks ago on the recommendation of a friend.  The first time I went, the line was super long.   The line told me it was probably a good place to eat.  Since I hate lines, I skipped it and told myself to go back earlier the next day. 

When I went back, I ordered a basic turkey sandwich.  One gripe was the amount of time it took to make the sandwich for how basic it was.  It was worth the wait, though, because when they brought it to me it was thick with turkey.  Bonus!  

And I felt good knowing it was a healthy lunch.
I love love love Jason's Deli and when they opened this location I was thrilled.  But, unfortunately this location is really sub-par.  They didn't give us what we ordered and then acted as though we didn't know what we ordered.  It was really unpleasant.  Jason's Deli is great just don't go to the Chandler Fashion Square location, bleh!
The food is tasty, but if I call one more time and the person that answer messes up my order I may snap.
overall a pretty good restaurant. they don't have any specials for lunch which is kind of a bummer. I recommend getting the ranchero wrap or the plain jane potato.
Jason's Deli ranks as a solid 3 stars in my book.  This is based on multiple visits and having tried various sandwiches/wraps and even the salad bar several times.  I think that their food just doesn't stand out.

I do appreciate their 'healthy' options on the menu (with calorie #s, too) and I do appreciate their salad bar that has a pretty good selection (note that dessert is part of the salad bar.. odd, I know), but I just have to say that nothing I've eaten here has ever made me want to come back.. nor do I ever get a "jason's deli" craving.

Their staff has always been adequate and friendly and the facility itself seems to run smoothly (ordering and food arrival is pain free and quick) and is fairly busy at lunch time (it's near a mall and lots of businesses nearby), but, again, their food is OK.  If I want a 'salad', I just go to Whole Foods and do their 7.99/lb salad bar that includes all kinds of meats (Jason's doesn't).. if I want a sandwich, I go to Wildflower for interesting ones or even Sprouts for plain and affordable ones... leaving Jason's at a solid 3.

You do get free soft serve if you eat there, though.. that could be enticing enough for some people.
Good sandwiches and salad bar, a tad pricey for items.
Love Jason's!

I wish the food tasted the same on each visit. I always order the same thing, 70% of the time no problem, but the other 30% a problem. If the food consistently stayed the same I would give this 5 stars!

On our last visit, my French Onion Soup was so salty I could barely swallow it. Now I don't understand why this happens! I love french onion because I love to dip my sandwich in it. But this time I was left very disappointed :(

The store always seems very clean and the staff does seem nice.

Another complaint at this one, is that the cleaning staff is always cleaning around the area I am eating. This is a MAJOR Pet PEEVE of mine! I am eating, please clean AFTER I walk away from the table!
Best salad bar in town IMO. hands down. Quality inredients, good Quinoa and quality oils and vinegars for the top. Not to mention at $7.99 its tough to beat.

All the sandwiches are pretty good too but the Salad bar is the star of the show for us.
Have had Jason's before at work luncheons and generally enjoyed the sandwiches and potato salad. Today my boyfriend and I ordered delivery and it was sadly disappointing. So here's why I'm only giving two stars. 

We ordered online, which was frustrating because we could not simply look at a menu. That option would not load for us and after trying for a while we decided to just try the "order now" button. We had to put in all of our info first, then we got to see the menu. The menu was poorly edited and hard to read, not to mention confusing. I also feel like for what the descriptions were vs. what we actually received was pretty dissimilar. 

I ordered a California Turkey Club. There were two options to select on the website to add the sandwich to the order, with exactly the same description, the only difference being one had "Managers' Special" in parenthesis. Not being able to discern the difference between the two I chose the latter and was later disappointed. My sandwich was literally 3 inches long, which is a shame because the three bites were pretty good.  The description said sprouts, avocado, tomato, and fresh greens among other things.  There were no sprouts, one slice of avocado, the butt end of one roma tomato and about five pieces of baby greens. I do have a positive though! For a side I had fruit salad, I really appreciated actual berries in the salad and not just melon like most places do. For paying over seven dollars I had expected a little bit bigger sandwich than kiddie size. 

My boyfriend ordered the small chicken pot pie and a roast beef sandwich. The sandwich was HUGE! Delicious roast beef with nice focaccia bread. The pot pie was sadly disappointing. It(the filling) came in a soup like cup, but with no pie. Instead they serve it with kind of like a small puff pastry tortilla. And it was so CHEESY which I really wish they would have put in the description because we aren't into cheese.  He had potato salad for a side which had eggshells in it. :/

The chocolate nut brownie was amazing.  The plain cheesecake was amazing. The cream soda and black cherry sodas are also very good. 

Maybe next time will be better if we decide to try it again.
Love the salad bar here ! The best deal is the manager special available all the time where u can get half sandwich and a side salad(well it's a full salad bar actually) all for about 8 dollars ! Salad bar has some high quality organic veggie and greens and it is better than the over priced 13 dollars salad at capital grill I went. Love it here! 
One star less because the sandwich is only average. Oh don't forget the free ice-cream.
Yummy food. :) Little on the pricey end but like the fact that you get unlimited free ice cream with your food and drinks.
Can't beat the gluten free bread and many selections for gluten free options.  Nice to have when I'm traveling.
First time I've had Jason's in a while.  When I used to travel to San Antonio (which was a lot) our meeting always catered lunch from Jason's.  For the most part it was serviceable.

Today was a qualified serviceable.  I ordered the Ruben and Cuban sandwiches.  The Ruben was ok.  The Cuban not so much.  

The Cuban is designed to be a warm sandwich (or at least the cheese should be melted).  Weeeeeellllllll not so much.  The Cuban (which is allegedly cooked on a panini press)  pretty much tasted like it just came out of the fridge.

I'm only giving them a 3 based on the Ruben.  Otherwise the place is a 2.
We have ate here a few times before. They always forget something. But this time it was ridiculous.  They forgot our chips and salsa which on the menu it clearly states it comes with it. We called to let them know because they are always forgetting something. The girl who answered was rude and blamed us for forgetting.  The wrap was OK but wayyyy to small and not worth the money. I could make way better quality food at home. I don't suggest this place. But I'm giving it 2 stars because the free ice cream is delish.
This is a great lunch place for sandwich, soup and salad.  We often have group lunch here because it's convenience, good variety of items in menu and reasonable price.  The half sandwich and soup menu is a good value item.  You also get free ice cream cone for desert!  It's just cafeteria food done right.
This cute deli in Town Square does a nice job in filling the quick service dining void. After downing 3 martinis and munching on not so great foo-foo bar food at Blue Martini we wanted something substantial in our stomachs to start soaking up all that booze but we weren't in the mood to wait or drop $50 on a meal.  Johnnie McGuire's is located upstairs across from Blue Martini and has a nice menu of hot and cold sandwiches. They also have hot dogs, fries and homemade chips. 

For a "mere" $15 we got a medium sized philly cheesesteak sandwich and a "bacon dog". One thing I like about all the sandwiches at this place - fresh baked bread. Philly cheesesteak did hit the spot, but I can't say it's the best cheesesteak I've ever had or anything. The bacon dog was delish. A hotdog that has been grilled with a slice of bacon wrapped around it. I had mine served with cheddar cheese (the hot dog and bacon weren't fatty enough already!) and I enjoyed it quite a bit. 

Bottom line - a solid,  quick, affordable (Sandwiches start at $6.50, hot dogs at $3.50) option at town square.
Johnny McGuire's is a deli from Aspen, Colorado that just opened a location in Town Square Mall (Las Vegas). After reading great reviews of their Aspen location (several said it was the best sandwich they have ever had), I was looking forward to eating here. 

The person behind the counter was friendly and helpful with suggestions. The bread is fresh baked on site and is very soft and good. Other than that, this was nowhere near the best sandwich I have ever had. 

I ordered a "fatty" size "Manhatten" for $12.50. "Fatty", to me means a big fat sandwich with a ton of meat and toppings. Instead, "fatty" just means more bread. You get a 12 inch sandwich instead of a 8 or 6 inch. The meat and toppings were very skimpy. The corned beef had two pieces of chewy fat or Grissel that I had to spit out and the last couple of bites was all bread. The meat and toppings were all in the middle. I definitely expected much better.
i went there sun. for the first time. wasnt worth the $8 at all. i ordered the manhattan. too many onions, not enough spread, meat wasnt that good, bread is port of sub bread.
One of the contestants from a past season of Hell's Kitchen works here so I decided to come check it out.  Johnny McGuire's is inside the Town Square Las Vegas but it's on the second level across from the movie theatre.  For some reason a few restaurants/businesses have opened and shortly gone under.  But during my trip it was a steady line.  Not too busy but certainly not slow so that's promising.

Before I mention my sandwich, I'll admit that my tastes are really plain so that may skew things and not be totally representative of what you can get here.  I went for the Philly cheese steak sandwich on wheat.  The service takes a few minutes because everything is cooked up fresh.  I thought it was a little bland.  Granted I didn't get any mayo or other dressing but the meat itself could have had a little more umph to it.  It was also a tad on the rubbery side.  Also, the bread was too soft. Toasting can go a long way.

The sandwich cost around 7 dollars which I can deal with since it's made fresh.  Subway is just slightly cheaper but not nearly as authentic.  I'm not sure if I will go back but it's good to see this place doing well not long after it's opening.
The food was actually pretty tasty but the service I received spoiled the whole thing.  In this economy I'm not spending $8 on a 6 in. sub to be treated rudely.  I can go to Port of Subs or Capriotti's to the the same quality for less.
I had a corn beef sandwich. It meat was good quality and the staff was courteous. I did think the food was a bit expensive, but I expected that going in. I would eat here again if I was shopping in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
This sandwich place makes me excited about sandwiches, again.  This is not your usual Capriotti's, Jason's Deli or Boardhouse Sandwiches. In fact for those familiar with Capriotti's the Bobby sandwich, they even have a special sandwich called the "ant-Bobby" sandwich.

We only tried one sandwich as a snack, but though we had to wait a bit because they are made to order, I was so happy with the wonderful combination and textures in the "Punching One Shoe" - roast beef, cheddar, horseradish, 1000 island, coleslaw, tomato, onions and peppers. It was toasty and made fresh to order. We've got the chewiness of the roast beef and cheddar, the tang of the 1000 island, the zing of the horseradish, and the fresh textures of the crunchy coleslaw and vegetables of tomato, onions and cooked bell peppers. Nommmerfic!!!!!
Excellent sandwich 
Friendly service
Creative menu
Most things made on site
"The Rave" was incredible
Staff suggested things, awesome cookie
I was a lil disappointed with this place since I have heard such great reviews about it. Sandwiches were just ok and the french fries were soggy. I felt that the sandwiches could have a lil more meat and flavor. Other than that, it was just a-ok. Oh and the soda was very flat!
i love sandwiches!
do you know what i love more than sandwiches? --potato chips!

this place is definitely your lunch destination! when im vacationing in vegas you can usually find me grubbing at a buffet or sitting poolside with a margarita in hand-- but if im in the mood to drive, ill drive on over to McGuire's. my favorite sandwich is definitely the buddah! nothing can beat their home made chips! i love crispy chips! they taste amazing! they have a long list of other unique combinations of sandwiches-- definitely worth the drive from the strip! even if you have to beg your buddy drive you there because you are still hungover-- trust it is the best gamble you can take in vegas! ;]
Randomly ate here yesterday as my wife had a meeting down in Town Square. Ordered an Emma (turkey, bacon, swiss, sprouts, honey mustard) on wheat. Lots of bread, sprouts. Weak portion of turkey. Honey mustard was overpoweringly sweet. Johnny McGuire's is banking on the Blue Martini and Cadillac Ranch crowd. "I'm too drunk to go down this escalator! Ooh let's get a sandwich baby!"

I'm surprised that the LV location didn't grill my Emma's turkey, bacon and swiss together like they usually do at the Aspen location. I wonder if the Nevada health code is tougher than Colorado's because Johnny McGuire's in Aspen does a lot of raw steak action on the grill combined with putting whole sandwiches on the grill, then grills turkey, then some more raw steak, then grills bread, and so on, all with the same spatula. 

NOT surprised that the guy and girl working behind the counter in LV were both on the rude side. When I didn't order chips, fries or a drink with my sandwich the guy looked at me like a vending machine that got his Snickers bar stuck. With the tone of "I've told you 10 times before, and I won't tell you again!" he told me to pick up my sandwich on the other side of the counter. Roger that, buttface! Also not surprised that other Yelpers have been experiencing the same Johnny's bad attitude. 

Having been an Aspen local for 7 years and an unofficial local (summers only) for 4 years before that, I have had my share of the Aspen Johnny McGuire's experience. Eating at Johnny's in Aspen is pretty good and safe at breakfast, but because of the same-spatula phenomenon that happens there, any other meal is a 5 to 1 crapshoot. I can't count on all of my fingers and toes how many times friends and acquaintances who ate a Johnny's sandwich complained of a twisting knot in their belly and either threw up or had the runs for the rest of the night. Truth is that all of that random grilling madness makes their sandwich taste great (and greasy) but it takes about 2 or 3 twisting knot episodes to learn to tread lightly (go for breakfast or when it's not busy for less cross-contamination).

The staff at Johnny's in Aspen usually consists of a hard-working and energetic (usually Hispanic) spatula master and one or two other 'hater' 20-something snowboarder/skater types (the kind who get mad at you if their girlfriend checks you out). Johnny's has historically attracted a rude audience - four long-time 20-something customers were convicted of multiple armed robberies and grand theft of a Range Rover a few years ago. They ate at Johnny's almost every day.

Bottom line: The LV location doesn't taste as good as the Aspen one. Same ingredients, same skimpy meat portions, even the same weird big-ass cookies. Wondering if the LV staff was trained to prepare for the same punk-ass clientele that the Aspen location attracts. If so, Johnny has it wrong. The LV location should try to be nice - from what I saw their customers are half LV locals and half tourists. Men and women can actually walk into the Las Vegas Johnny McGuire's without getting tripped by a skateboard, hit on, or spat on! 

Johnny McGuire's makes Subway look like Capriotti's.
I am going to start out by saying that I've loved Johnny McGuire's for years. They used to have a location in the town where I went to college (Durango, CO) and this used to be a common breakfast and lunch spot for me. With that in mind, I've only been to the Vegas location twice. However, I was transported back to my college years by the tastes and flavors of Johnny's. My favorites are the Johnny and the Buddha, and now that I don't eat meat, I usually load up on veggies and get sunflower seeds and cream cheese on the sandwich (as this really does make the sandwich). 
The homemade chips are something I've only had at the Vegas location, and they were quite delicious, and a nice compliment to the sandwich. 
I haven't found the poor customer service that others mention, but then again, I've only been to this location twice. Additionally, I do agree that the prices are high, but I find the quality of the ingredients to also be high. Don't get me wrong, I love me some Port of Subs and Capriotti's, but I've never had a sandwich as fresh as Johnny's at either of those two places. The closest comparison I've run across is Boardhouse, and they also have very high prices, and the sandwiches there just don't give me that same "pow" factor. For me Johnny's is not an ever day kind of sandwich, but really a sandwich treat for those days fighting crowds or the hangover shakes at Town Square. With that said, I am a proud Johnny McGuire fan, and will continue to patronize on those occasions I am at Town Square.
I really enjoy their sandwiches and fries. Although the customer service sucks big time. That makes me hesitant to go back some times. When I first went we had a lady take our order. She was very nice and helpful. The visits there after a gentlemen took my orders. He's not friendly or rude. Although once he had me waiting at the counter for a good 10 minutes waiting to place my order because he was taking phone orders. I was ready to walk out! As for the cook; he just stares at you. From the window to walking to placing your order. Not a grin, hi/hello or someone 
will be with you. Ok. Maybe he's just a cook and customer service isn't 
his job description. Lmao Perhaps they should cover the windows then. 
Haha He is the first person you see upon entering. It's the customer 
service that makes us hesistant to return. Still love the food though.

I also agree with others. A little skimpy on the sandwich for the price.
I eat here often.  I love Town Square and Johnny McGuire's is a great sandwich shop in the heart of the shopping center.

I normally get the Johnny, but this time I wanted to try the Bearcat sandwich.....which has Turkey, Bacon, Peppers, Cole Slaw, 1000 Island Dressing, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions.  It was very tasty, but also very messy.  The dressing and slaw were falling out of the sandwich....but it was good!

Also had a bag of the homemade chips....those are the best when their hot and fresh.

Will I come back?  Absolutely!
Have had a good experience so far with 2 visits.  Had a slightly long wait during lunch once, but to be expected I guess.  Nice sammie shop overall.
If I had my own annual Vegas awards "Best restaurant to eat solo" would definitely be a category and this place would certainly be a nominee.  This is the best place to eat solo in Town Square for sure.

I like the fact that all the chairs face the window so you don't have to make eye contact with anyone else in the place and there's ample reading material to easily ignore everyone there.  I usually go with the Las Vegas Weekly.  

The food is decent enough.  The regular size sandwiches are more than enough for one person although none of them are really on the healthy side.  I know some people that love eating here at 4:20 for some reason......
If you happen to be in the Town Square location you should definitely stop by. It's located on the 2nd floor across from the movie theater parallel to Blue Martini. Customer service is ehh, but you're there for the food, not the conversation. All the seating is made up of stools facing the window. That's good cuz you really don't have to worry when you get the food all over your face and hands. Each time has been a good experience so far with 2 visits under the belt, each time visiting with my brother. Each time we ordered a fatty Olympian consisting of grilled corned beef, turkey, pastrami, onions, peppers & Swiss, plus coleslaw, 1000 island & tomato. From my stomach's perspective they are liking this sub shop. Overall it's a nice place to grab a quick bite while doing some shopping at this outdoor mall.
Sanwiches are always fresh off the grill. Great choices. The Free Willy sandwich is big, fresh and tasty. If you like sandwiches and in the Town Square area head on upstairs and grab yourself a sandwich, pickle and an ice cold root beer.
Best sandwiches in Las Vegas! Awesome choices and completely customizable. Don't forget an order of fresh cut potato chips or fries seasoned to your liking. Top it off with a perfect dill pickle... Heaven!
I missed out on having any of their sandwiches at the Yelp Helps event. Actually, I had never heard of them. I saw the name at Yelp Helps and I've seen the sandwich shop before, but I never connected the two. Anyway, I was meeting my cousins at Town Square to hang out and maybe catch the game and I suddenly got hungry.

Their menu looks overwhelming, but as soon as I saw the fried egg burger, that was my choice without hesitation. From the Royal at Red Robin to the Tamago at Fukuburger, I pretty much love egg on any burger. The burger did not disappoint. Perfectly cooked all around and with that gooey eggy goodness that makes things messy. It's that blurry line between annoying and satisfying.

I went with the combo. The fries were pretty good but nothing amazing. Overall, I'd eat here again. The prices are decent considering the alternatives in the area.
LOVE this place!! It has fantastic hours so you can hit it up when you leave the bar. The best thing is the homemade big bag of chips with tons of seasoning. And the giant chocolate chip cookies are delicious. The cold Emma sub is great if you like honey mustard and the Ranch Hand is my favorite hot sub. If you keep your eye out you can find great coupons. Super service, good prices, nice beverage selection, and excellent food! GO THERE!
Yes, Johnny McGuire's is as good as it gets. Hands down the most delicious sandwiches in the valley. That's not including the fresh, warm, homemade potato chips in several different flavors. My sandwich of choice is the Johnny without the sprouts for cold sammie. For heated I choose the Philly. What you don't hear much about is there chocolate chip cookies the size of my face that are the happy ending of this fairytale sandwich story. Next episode I am determined to try their chili fries that they bake in the oven with melted cheddar cheese dripping all over..... Just thinking of this place makes me want to cancel my plans for tonight and run down to Town Square. Last, but surely not least the staff here is more than friendly and accommodating with huge, warm smiles no matter what time of day or night or shape I have been in. 
P.S.
They have a coupon on their website
I never heard of this place until they opened one up in Town Square. Or maybe because the only other one is in Aspen!! Where the beer flows like wine!!

A couple friends of mine said their French fries are the business.  We went to go try them..... They were out of fries!!!! That's ok tho because I paid them another visit the next day and made sure I had fries with my sandwich or sandwich with my fries.  I got the regular sized Tahiti cold sandwich. (sandwiches come in 3 sizes, skinny, regular and fatty) and I made it a combo.  They fill a brown bag (like what you use to bring your lunch in the 3rd grade) halfway with their thick fresh cut fries.

I liked the food at Johnny McGuires, red and green tobasco to your liking, and ranch if requested. They have some good ranch.  Nice vibe with a view of the movie theater just steps away.  And service was OK. 4 stars!

P.S. If you wear one of their shirts when you order, you get 20% off.
Johnny McGuire's rocked my face! I heard quite a bit of buzz about this sandwich shop in Vegas, so I put it on my list of things to do the next time I was in town. El Hubs and I decided that a sammich was just the thing we needed before shopping. The menu was slightly overwhelming so I had to ask for advice from the staff. Usually when you ask for advice at any restaurant, you get BS recommendations either trying to upsell you or sell you the easiest thing to prepare on the menu. Not at JM's, the cashier took her time explaining why she preferred one sandwich over the other after narrowing the choices down. The El Buey was the ish! Prepared perfectly and with a pickle as the ultimate side, I was a content gal! El Hubs had the Emma and his only regret was not getting the wheat over white....and letting me have 3 bites. Thanks JM, planning a trip back to see the fam in December and will be back!
Located right smack center of where all the poppin' bars are in Town Square, Johnny Mcguire Deli serves different variety of subs and sandwiches.  

I first tried this place with my buddy before dropping him off at the airport. Tried their philly cheese steak (grilled steak, onions, peppers & provolone, plus mayo, lettuce & tomato) which was good but I had better.  The second time coming here was their T-Bone (roast beef, turkey, bacon, cheddar, horseradish & mayo). Though the T-Bone is on the cold subs menu, ask them that you want it hot and it brings out more flavor to the roast beef. Not really that big of a fan of mustards, so the horseradish sauce kind of ruined the taste for me but overall it was still an ok sub.

What I like about this place is that they're open late night along with the bars surrounding it. After chillin' in Cadillac Ranch, listening to a cool samoan band, so convenient that I can walk right across to eat after a good night with my buddies.
TOWN SQUARE...yeah I love this place! If you wanna be a fat kid w/ a greasy but absolutely delicious late night sandwhich...COME TO THIS PLACE! The staff is pretty rad and will def turn you on to the perfect sub for you no matter if its hot/cold. I had the Philly which was AMAZING and the perfect remedy for falling asleep in the movie theatre while being forced to watch Harry Potter. 
The fries will probably give you a heart attack if you eat them more than twice a month (be sure to get the bacon, sour cream, jalapenoes), but you will find yourself craving them at the weirdest of times (last for me was during a staff mtg at work...lol). Def signs of a GREAT little local spot!
Just "aight." As I was eating my food here I thought to myself that I would really love eating here fresh off the slopes and ready for a meal, so the first location in Aspen makes a ton of sense. 

The knocks:

- The service was off putting. The cashier had a snooty vibe and gave off  sort of a "oh, great. more people. ugh, what do YOU want?" sneer. My sister went up first and ordered a special that was written on a white board, which he quickly snapped they were out of. Disappointed, my sister quickly looked over the board for an alternative and, as she was about to ask for a suggestion, she realized the cashier had already walked away as if her indecision was such the inconvenience to him. Granted, this would be understandable if they were packed, but our group was the only one in line and they weren't all that busy (as evidenced by how quickly our sandwiches came out).

- The seating only works if you plan on ordering take out or dining solo. The bulk of the space is a long counter around the wall surrounded by benches. One of our friends sat facing a post and ate his entire meal starting at it for lack of an alternative. 

- The sandwiches are tasty, but leave a lot to be desired in the meat department. It's a bit scarce here. 

The wins:

- The fries, although not the greatest, come in a giant brown paper bag and are certainly worth their price. 

- The chips- flavored or unflavored- come in the same sized brown paper bag and are served freshly fried. You can tell because they don't achieve full crispiness until they cook off completely but, when they do, they're simply fantastic and addictive. 

If anything makes me come back, it'll be a craving for their chips. Otherwise, it was nice trying food from a place with only two locations, but I'm good with the first go 'round.
Came here one Friday night, after a long drive out to Vegas for a friend's wedding. It was amazing! My friend just spotted it amongst a slew of restaurants and it was such a great find!
We ordered the Trucker sandwich, baked fries and a bag of their homemade chips and everything was amazing! But the best part was their homemade chips, straight from the fryer.
Only down side, there was no where to sit down to eat, especially on a cold January night.
Just wish they had one in LA!
So the reviews were split as far as service goes , but my hubby and I stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. We got there just before the lunch crowd around 11:45 , and there were only a few people there at that time. I mentioned Yelp and received our flavored citrus chili chips for FREE! Happy already , and then our food was out fast!  I ordered the Tahiti that came with Bacon, cream cheese , pineapple, ham, sprouts and mayo. It was very fresh and tasty. My better half ordered the Trucker with turkey , bacon , BBQ sauce, he said that he would order it again. The atmosphere is cool , we heard the never ending stairway to heaven , followed by some reggae. The place is small but I saw one couple choose to take their subs outside to enjoy the weather at Town square. The place is filled with various and yet funny photo's of the owners and different places. I love their 
Subs and will be going back!
Johnny McGuire's is a small place that's hard to find.  If I had not had a coupon for the place I probably would have given up trying to find it inside the Town Square mall.  I'm glad I did not give up.  Their sandwiches
were delicious.  Both the bread and cold cuts were extremely fresh.
Service was good too.  Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely return.
This place deserves a "KEWL" rating. I don't know that I'm a "fan" as I'm not sure I'll go out of my way to drive to TS for a sandwich... but if I'm down there and want a sandwich I'll go back. 

It definitely rates 3.5 stars in my book. Definitely Better than Subway ... But I'm not sure I like it better than Capriotti's. 

Love the names of the sandwiches... original and kitch-y. 

Lots of options and you can build your own which I just didn't have the brain power for as I was taken with all the cool names and options as it was. (And I didn't think standing there for 20 minutes while I figured out what I wanted on my sandwich was a good idea when there were already a bunch to choose from.) 

Anyways....I ordered the Johnny and the T-Bone to go... in about 10 minutes I was on my way. Oh... and I got a Pickle.  ($17 for 2 sandwiches and a pickle... kinda pricey for a sandwich shop, I think.)

The sandwiches were good. The bread was fresh and light... not heavy like some sandwich places. The "insides" were good but maybe it was my selections... I wasn't "totally in love with it". The cream cheese on the Johnny seemed like a good idea... but it just didn't seem to add the right flavor ... and they slathered it on rather thick (for me anyways). The bacon seemed "stale" and the lettuce was dry. I did like that it had sprouts... not many places offer this option and I love it as sprouts are crunchy and IMO super healthy. 

The pickle was $2 and it was really good. Crunchy and not overly vinegar-y or salty. It was big enough to share. 

The place is small so I imagine it can get packed and stacked pretty fast in there. Thankfully it wasn't super busy when I walked in at 12:25pm.... Service was good, can't complain but then it wasn't anything special either. 

I do think to give this place a better review I need to go back again and try their hot sandwiches.
I've been here twice now and the first time I came I had too much booz too fully apperciate their "Captain Hashbrown" breakfast burrito.. Well, I came again, sober this time, before catching a flick at the Rave theater.

The Captain Hashbrown comes with hash browns, bacon, cheddar cheese, onion, green bell pepper, and egg. Sounds typical except for the onion and green bell pepper (which gives it a little depth and taste much better, as for typical breakfast burritos). But there are 2 key things that make me a fan

1. The egg was cooked like a scrambled egg pancake But  the yolk wasn't cooked through (not runny yolk). This little detail was Brilliant!!

2. I don't know if its the oil or seasoning of the hashbrowns, onions, green peppers but it has a certain goodness to it.. Again, that something brings it another step away from the norm.. Yum!

The "Captain Hashbrown" to the Rescue!! This thing has my vote for sure!
The first great weekend of weather in Vegas for 2011 lead us to head down to Town Square for a bite to eat and some fun at the park afterwards. We chose to hit up Johnny McGuire's because we had purchased a deal from Living Social a few months back. We were not sure what to expect but we couldn't have asked for anything better. We had the Teriyaki Philly and the B-220 and both of them were superb. The boys had the kids Ham & Cheese with all the fixings and they loved the sandwiches with the extra pepporcinis. The regular fries in the brown paper sack are out of this world. The seasoning is perfect and like the manager said "they truly are the best fries in Vegas". We also ordered a 2nd order of "baked fries" which were kicked up by adding shredded cheddar and real bacon which were perfect. I loved the attitude of the staff and thought the service was quick and efficient even though they got swamped just as we got there with some type of large obnoxious family after church. 

We WILL be back in the future. 
.
10am in town square this place is the only thing open.
Service, greeting a customer or a hello, I don't think so!
Place is clean, fairly priced for area and food was ok.
The best food @ town square. Love the "CB in Paradise".  Super friendly staff.
Super good!
Best food in Vegas. Want real food without tons of chemicals with great flavor this is the place. Thanks for the awesome food on our trip!!!!
I tried Johnny's for lunch today...had the Free Iron Willy as combo with sea salt chips and soda. My tab totaled $10.80 which I consider to be average for quality and amount of food. I found the soda machine to be awkwardly positioned in the corner but liked the counter/stools facing the windows. Lastly, it is 64 degrees outside and the have air conditioning blowing so hard you would think it was 105 degrees...c'mon Berkman, Johnny, someone turn the air down so customers can enjoy their sandwich.
This place has been one my favorite spots to eat at Town Square since it opened. Good food, good vibe, and good music playing for the most part. I ate there yesterday and they had Sisqo's "Thong Song" playing. I don't think you can top that...
Mmmm, what can I say...a sub made right to satisfy a king or queen. I've been here a couple times back and forth, and the sandwich that never stops ceasing to amaze me is the Olympian sandwich. It's pastrami smashed with corned beef and turkey, smothered with melted cheese and a creamy dripping, crunchy coleslaw with green peppers that tap dances on your tongue along the road to the Olympian gates of heaven! I just love how their sandwiches are served in bigger portions, it's like a never ending bite that still leaves you wanting more.

I have yet to try their homemade chips, but from what I hear it's spectacular. Just a whiff of their seasoning does make my stomach growl, at the chance of taking a bite.  I did however try their fries. It's greasy and served made to order. I got the hot tapas, and quite frankly I wasn't impressed.  I took one bite and my mouth was on fire, those jalepnos are spicy, that it almost killed my taste buds. Although I was very fond of their fries topped with bacon and cheese. It goes to show you that anything with bacon, is very much desirable. 

All in all, this place is B-O-M-B! The people are super nice, and your food comes out within the 5, mins regardless of how busy they are. On top of that the preparation of the sub is in tact. The sandwich is served quickly before it can ever sog or break a part. Visit this place if you can, it definitely hits the spot!
I found this place via Groupon. I am a bit of a sandwhich person, so I was really looking forward to going!

I am glad we went because this is how I discovered Town Square even existed. But, Johnny McGuire's was the only reason we were going, and we had to park pretty far, and then walk pretty far, just to get these sandwhiches. So, that part I didn't like.

I thought their menu selections were great, and their service was good. The food was ready pretty quickly, and it was tasty, but I felt like there wasn't really a good meat to bread ratio overall.

I had a classic pastrami sandwhich & my husband had a roast beef. The fries were 'homemade" chips.

I would eat here again if I was at Town Square, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go. Overall, I would give it a B- rating. Good, but not great.
The more I visit Johnny McGuire's, the more I like it. The most addictive thing on the menu is the Baked Fries, which is a $4.50 mound of delicious fresh-cut french fries cooked in peanut oil, topped with cheddar and bacon (real bacon, mind you, not bacon bits), and tossed into the oven - then smothered in sour cream and green onions. It's totally potato skins in french fry format. Bring a knife to this gunfight. A fork too.

Most of their sandwiches that I've tried have been pretty good too. They start, as all great sandwiches do, with quality bread - in this case a soft, chewy sub roll that's the perfect accompaniment to the things stuffed inside. My favorite sandwiches so far have included the Bearcat, Free Iron Willy, Trucker, 220-B and Ranch Hand. Wow, I realized that all of those sandwiches have turkey on them. Guess I'm showing my bias.

Other things I love about this place are the house-made potato chips and their frequent promos for us social media savvy types. Passwords, Foursquare and Yelp offers, lots of ways to stretch your dollar here.
I didn't realize there was a convenient sandwich shop in the middle of Town Square besides from Yardhouse, Cadillac Ranch, and Lolita's you could go to without having to dress up and sit down at something fancy. I didn't know this place existed until my friends dragged me up there before a movie (the entrance is obscured from being in the front as it is located behind the elevators, thus well hidden!) 

Tried the Ranch Hand sandwich, which might I add wasn't entirely bad considering the sauces they put on them for flavor (ranchacado sauce is a really nice blend!) Keep in mind their portions are HUGE! I ordered the 6 inch (you have your pick between 6, 8, and 12), and I still felt like the 6 inch was filling enough; I had to split with one of my friends, but then again that's probably just me with portion sizes. ;) The grilled turkey wasn't overly dry, and the cheddar had that nice sharp taste to it. They are also well renowned for their gigantic pickles, which was the first reason my friend dragged me there in the first place.

Prep time didn't take long at all, and the place was virtually empty the night we went in. Johnny's overlooks the movie theater and the courtyard in between all the major bar and restaurants, so its a good place to keep perched to people watch and spy on your friends. Might I add they also have classic video games such as pac-man, frogger, and donkey kong in there as well?
Looking for a quick and portable lunch at the Coachella music festival, I stopped by Johnny McGuire's booth for a sandwich. My friend had raved about her sandwich here the day before, so I figured I was in good hands. 

The menu included a couple different hot and cold sandwich options--a small sampling of their full menu at the Vegas location, apparently. Most included chicken or turkey, with a mix of toppings ranging from the standard (tomato, red onion and the like) to the fancy (avocado, sprouts, jalapeos and bacon). I don't know why, but even in the heat of the desert, I was in the mood for a hot sandwich, so I ordered a toasted Ranch Hand sandwich, which came with turkey, cheddar cheese, a "zesty" ranchacado sauce, shredded lettuce, tomato and red onion.

The bun was nice, but that's about the only complimentary thing I can say about my sandwich, honestly. The turkey was thinly cut, but pretty salty. And I'd echo other Yelpers complaints about the small portion of meat here. It didn't bother me, as I find too many places slather layer upon layer of meat on their sandwiches, but if you're looking for meat, you might be disappointed here. The "zesty" ranchacado sauce wasn't really all that "zesty." (And to this day I'm not sure what exactly the ranchacado sauce actually was--I guess a spicy ranch sauce, nearest I could tell?) The cheese was a generous portion, but nothing all that special. (Maybe I'm spoiled with fancy cheeses back home in California?) The shredded lettuce was soggy and clearly didn't hold up in the heat. The use of shredded rather than whole lettuce also made for a very messy sandwich--more and more lettuce dropped out after every bite.

Service was a little weird. The cashiers were friendly for the most part, except for the manager who kept customers on a tight leash, refusing any requests for substitutions. I understand that for speed they wanted to keep orders as simple as possible, but I think there are more polite means of achieving this than being so draconian with paying customers.

Maybe dining at the proper deli might make for a better experience, but in the heat of the desert, Johnny McGuire's sandwich booth was a bit of a letdown for me.
Went here for lunch to day with my two kids and cousin.  Food was good and came out fast.
RATING: I would rate this place a 3.5!

WHERE: In Town Square, right next to Blue Martini!

WHY: Sandwiches are for OLYMPIANS (ie. There is a sandwich called the olympian), haha.

WHAT: So with all the times I have been to Town Square, my family and I decided we were hungry right after we got out of a movie! We debated as to where we would eat and try out, and one of my cousins recommended this place! I'm glad he did, because I this would make it my first time, and I love trying new places! =D

I had the Naked Evader sandwich!! This sandwich included grilled pastrami, swiss cheese, and veggies!! It is usually made with mustard, but instead of mustard I wanted to sub it for mayo. So, the downside to this story was I didn't get my order to my liking! BOO! The worker who was taking my order also didn't ask me what size sandwich I wanted! The service was a little closer toward the negative sign.

Overall, this place was just goo- not great. It was roughly about $10 for a sandwich, a little pricier than normal. The sandwiches weren't as meaty as I would have expected either.

*NOTE: If you do decide that you love the place, if you purchase any of their apparel (shirts are $15, beanies are $12) and wear it, you get 25% off your entire order!
One of the best sandwich joints in Vegas.  Friendly, efficient staff serving great food with regular offers and bonues via foursquare.  Make sure to check-in before ordering.
I highly recommend the Trucker, but only if youre hungry.
P.S. The fries are better than the chips!
This place is pretty decent.  I was expecting the restaurant area to be bigger, but I guess not.  The burger was good, but I HATE a burger that is made with a bun that falls apart.  The sandwich was pretty decent.  The sourdough was tasty, but maybe a little too thick.  The fries were good.  So overall it's not a bad place to patronize.
Hands down, best sandwich place in Vegas. Sandwiches are great, the potato chips, everything is fantastic. nice workers, nice atmosphere, thumbs up. go here for great food.
Hands down, the best sandwich shop in Las Vegas, despite the fact that its inside Town Square (we really need one in the southwest part of town...please!). The Ranch Hand is absolutely delicious, every single time. The ham portion is slightly grilled, and it is fiilled with crunchy peppers, slathered with avocado-ranch sauce, julienned lettuce, and cheese. You must try it! I also emjoy their "baked" fries, which are the perfect meal if you are not watching your diet at all. Their fresh fried potatoe chips are delicious as well, and I particularly like their spicy citrus version. They are tangy and a bit spicy...delicious! Make sure to ask for their salsa at the counter, as it is a perfect compliment to their sandwiches and fries.
Love the fresh chips, sandwiches are so so. Went because of a $25 groupon and we tried 3 sandwiches - Olympian, teri philly cheesesteak, free iron willy. All of the sandwiches were generous with meat, veggies seem really fresh, bread is ok similar to subway. Pay attn to whether your sandwich has an asterisk, because it'll automatically come fully dressed (pepperocinis, oil, vinegar, etc) even if only certain veggies are specified in the description. No clue why. 

Teri philly had absolutely no teriyaki taste at all. The name was written on the wrapper, but maybe he forgot the sauce? Definitely not the best Philly I've ever had, so pass. We did take out and bottom bread was soaked by the time we got home. 

Olympian was piled with meat, I liked the crunchy slaw. But taste was also mediocre. 

I got the free iron willy w provolone instead of Swiss, that was the best sandwich of the bunch. I like that the avocado was a chunky spread vs sliced, made it easier to eat. 

I'd stick to the cold sandwiches if you're here due to the fresh ingredients. Add only $2.50 to get a combo w drink and chips, totally worth it - citrus chili was so good. Also one of the few places that has fountain diet dr pepper, awesome because it does taste more like regular dr pepper.
Delicious sandwiches. I've been here a few times and got a different sandwich every time (Italian, Bearcat, Trucker, Philly Cheesesteak)...I can't say a bad thing about any of them. I Love! their homemade potato chips...much better seasoned, BBQ is really good. I was cold enough in the winter to try their soup...it was Cheeseburger Soup! It was really good, feel like it needed tomatoes, besides that, tasted like a cheeseburger.
Always get good service, friendly staff. Love the decor, random stickers and ads, take chalk in the bathroom with you so you can leave the next user a message. Wish the place was a bit bigger, seats go quick sometimes.
 I had trouble checking in when I was there, apparently I wasn't close enough when I was standing at the counter?? Oh well, still got my free chips though!
Give me an Olympian and homemade pepper chips and I'm a happy girl!!  Okay... give me any sandwich & any chips OR fries & I'm a happy girl!!  Great place to go before a movie, happy hour, shopping... really, any Town Square outing!!
Their chips and fries are good.  We could've had more to choose from if the menus were all in the same spot.  One is by the door, the other is behind the counter.  Where one would figure a menu should be.  It was our first time there so we ordered.  Then saw a hotdog,...asked the girl at the counter where it was on the menu, and she said it was behind us.  Hmmm... of course the menu would be behind us.

Also, when we were there, there was no ice.  I asked the girl if there it just needed to be refilled, but she said just to wait until it makes more ice.  What the heck???

Cashiers could be a little friendlier.
Decided to check out this sandwich shop since I had a groupon for two 8' subs and fries, a $20 value.  We ate at the location in order to get a feel for it. It has stickers, event fliers, and a west coast feel to it. There is a bar you can sit at over looking town square and rave motion theater. It was slightly clean but they were out of napkins at the bars, and many sodas at the soda fountain. McGuire's only serves Pepsi products for those who love their sodas! But it was also freezing inside!

Perhaps I went the wrong day but our sandwiches were mediocre. They lacked meat and where more about the big bread and sauces. We ordered a Reuben and Philly Cheese Steak. I dont think my corn beef was well cooked and the first fry I tried was cold and a bit raw. I think they put pepper on the fries which is an interested twist but the fries would have been great if they would have been warm and not super greasy. I'll try it again and give it a second chance. But so far, the mall serves better Philly cheese steaks and I'm still in search for the best Reuben sandwich in Vegas. Maybe next time it'll be better.
This is the closest to Waffle House in the south...THE PERFECT DRUNK FOOD!
Food is good.  Staff is too-cool-for-school.
So we came in for a quick bite before our movie.  I was a bit hesitant, but it's right in front of the theather, and we were hungry.  I had the Reuben and chips.  The food was pretty good.  

The service STILL SUCKS!!!!!  For the girl with the nose piercings, put a damn smile on your face!!!  Believe it or not, a simple smile, could make the place, slightly,... SLIGHTLY friendlier!  It might actually make people want to come in because of the service!
The fact that they have iced tea that tasted like someone pissed in it should have been our first clue. 

 We went here on 10/29 before a movie we decided to split a steak sand which.  First of all the girl ringing us up acted like it was an inconvenience that we were even there.  We asked for the sandwich without some of the stuff they put on it obviously this was too hard to do. When we received or order are steak was pink it was more like roast beef than a Philly steak sandwich it was totally cold the cheese was not melted at all. I could have had a better sandwich from Arby's at least they actually care about horrible service. The onions were not even sauted they were just placed on the sandwich. The green peppers were cold

The cleanliness of the place was absolutely atrocious there was not one piece of counter space that did not have food on it.  I understand about being cool and hip but since when is dirt and grease and pure filth a food additive. 

I will be calling on Monday to speak to the manager and then I will decide if Ineed to call the health department.
FREE IRON WILLY ALL THE WAY!

What am I talking about? I'll tell you! It's ONLY THE BEST SANDWICH ON THE MENU!

Ok ok, it's actually the only sandwich I had on the menu, but I really enjoyed it to death. 

There are three sizes of sandwiches, the Skinny (just say no), Regular (ok), and the Fatty (this is recommended, as it's the best deal and you can always take home half of it). 

The Free Iron Willy has turkey, bacon, swiss, avocado, and sprouts. It's super filling, pretty healthy, and you just keep wanting to eat more. 

The fries are also amazing. They're cut by hand and sitting at the bar, you can see your fries go from potato form, into hot sizzling oil, to a pan where it is seasoned and shaken, to your plate. Yes!

Knocking off a star just because the staff seemed a little out of it. We had to ask for updates for our food (you'd think they'd feel more pressure since we were sitting at the bar). Oh well.
Pastrami. Pastrami. Pastrami.

Johnny McGuire's has only a couple of locations (literally, 2) so I feel uber fortunate to live near one. It's all about the meat. This is how people do sandwiches when they make sandwiches their life! 

I only get hot sammies. Something about the way it all melts together when hot and pressed makes me abhor the idea of cold ingredients on that bread. Save it for Subway! As you know by now, I'm a fan of the pastrami. It's cut to a perfect thickness, piled high, and bursting with hot juice at every bite. Work of art, it is! The Zesty Ranchacado sauce makes the Ranch Hand an excellent choice as well. My man likes the 220-B and anything else with triple proteins and no veggies. ;)

I would get a pastrami sandwich, another kind of meat sandwich for your friend, and split a bag of their chips as well. You must....have the chips. I've compared them to an addictive drug. I ask to add both the BBQ and ranch seasoning in my bag and get Zesty Ranchacado sauce on the side for dipping. That's right. Mama knows what she's doing.

I never take this sandwich to go because part of the enjoyment is being perched on a stool at the counter, staring out the window at Town Square, and listening to Johnny's exquisite indie music selection. It's a fun afternoon to people watch over sandwiches and chips and then walk across to a movie at Rave.

A noticeable con here is the staff isn't friendly. I've felt "warmly greeted" maybe once in all my visits. But the sandwiches and chips are SO good, I won't even take away a star. With pastrami like that, no one can bring me down!
Big sandwiches, generous amount of meat, fresh veggies, great fries, refillable soda, reasonable prices, absolutely no complaints and will look forward to another visit the next time I'm in Vegas.
First of all I don't even like sandwiches...and oddly enough i've been here twice...and it's off the strip....and I live in LA.

I wanted corned beef and i was going to do the create your own sandwich option but then I thought  "hey, these guys probably know how to make a better sandwich then me!"  So i ordered the Manhattan which was corned beef with thousand island, red cabbage, cole slaw and some other stuff. 

It was quite good...and i especially liked the fact that i would never have chosen the ingredients they used yet i ended up really liking it
I don't know if our neverending search for the ultimate sandwich shop in the valley has finally come to a halt, or just been temporarily postponed... But what I do know is, Johnny Mc's makes a mean contender. 

Hubby first ate here a few weeks ago, and without my input, he didn't think it would be fair to Yelp it with just half an opinion (yes we do count both our opinions as one...dorky I know). Anyway, got a couple sammies to go today, and I finally got to see what all the late nighter's always rave about. LEGIT!

I ordered the Buddah, and Hubby got the 220-B (however we are going to consider his first trip in this one too, whereupon he met the Olympian face to face). We also got an order of Ranch and Black Pepper chips, one of which was free thanks to Yelp, yay Yelp!!

The Buddah was sublime! Could have had a bit more Curry Mayo, but the freshness of the ingredients was, in my half of the opinion, unparalelled to most cold subs I've had in the Vegas valley. Sprouts and sunflower seeds were an unusual and VERY welcome addition that made this simple turkey and swiss sammie refreshingly superb.
14 bucks for a meatball hero. Unreal. Walked out with my hands over my head....completely robbed. Place sucks.
This place used to be amazing. I came about once a week for nearly 6 months. Always the freshest ingredients and unique sub choices. 
 The past 3 times I have came its not as good.  Don't know if the management or employees have changed but its just not up to par. The sandwiches are sloppily made. All 3 times I got brown avocado instead of green. Also they were out of banana peppers or jalapenos everytime. For me this is key to a good sub. 
 Still a 4 star joint cause of the uniqueness and its gotta just be a matter of time till they get it together again. I say give it a shot if you are in for a casual lunch with unique selection of subs.

****UPDATE**** The owner contacted me directly. Apologized for the poor experience. Then invited me to come back for another meal. All the problems had been remedied and the food was better than ever. Glad they keep on top of everything. Great food, Great Owners.
The Mr. and I can engage in an impassioned debate about many things, politics, art, fitness routines, among others.  Most of the time, we share the same views about what really matters, food, and Johnny McGuire's is our unanimous Town Square quick dining go-to.  

I'm super picky with American sandwiches, why, I'll freely admit to ya any day that I'm a Banh Mi bitch, proud of it.  But Johnny McGuire's gets me.  Made-to-order sandwiches that boast a generous amount of high-quality meats and yummy toppings.  They don't cook the meats till you order it, so expect a slightly longer wait time than most sandwich joints, if you want to eat better that is.

220-B and Naked Evader are among the Mr.'s favorites.  I absolutely depend on the El Buey, grilled steak with avocado, onions, peppers, and jalapenos.  It is a perfect combination of the four things I look for but seldom find in non-Vietnamese sandwiches: hot, sour, salty, and sweet.  The Mr. loves their whole pickles, and he always gets one.  I always get their homemade chips, also made-to-order, a detriment to your waistline, but worth every added inch.

Atmosphere is minimal, but it's a cute vibe with all the vintage game machines.  And honey, once you eat their sandwiches, you won't have brain capacity to think about that anyways.
I work in Town Square so I get this for lunch pretty regularly.  Delivery is less than 10 minutes sometimes and the food is generally very good.  However, later in the day the avocado is always brown.  So i just don't get avocado anymore.
Below average food at above average prices. This is the kind of boring sandwiches you can get anywhere. Aside from the urban/hipster graffiti/sticker/license plate covered interior, there isn't much that's unique.The steak on the Marley sandwich was like the sliced roast beef you can get at any deli. The BBQ sauce that covered it was too sweet for its own good and the bread was dry and crumbly.

My wife got a sandwich that was equally forgettable. We shared a bag of fries, which were decent, but oily enough to soak through the paper bag.

There are no tables just counter seating along the windows that overlook the movie theater at Town Square. It's a pretty cool and cozy space. Unfortunately, that's the best thing going for this sandwich shop.
This is my all-time favorite hot sandwich spot now. I love the sea-salt chips combo with the: "Olympian" grilled corned beef, turkey, pastrami, onions, peppers & Swiss, plus coleslaw, 1000 island & tomato.
Get the 220-B. Fresh chips are really special. A/C is blasting, but better than the heat outside!  The sandwiches are good, but honestly not great.  The bread was a bit dry.
Bummer. I was just there a month ago and had a good sandwich. Stopped by Friday 7/27 and the place is closed with paper over all the windows.
So is Johnny McGuires closed or is it not?  I guess I'll have to cruise by and check it out for myself.  I've tasted their fine sandwiches  but not in house...they sent out a food truck to First Friday this past weekend.  Maybe I was in the wrong area, but the amount and quality of food vendors at FF was a little disappointing.  Fortunately, my group stumbled upon the Johnny Macquires truck.  I was hesistant at first.  The menu looked like a solid deli but you never can tell, especially when stuff is  being prep'd on a truck.

I waited for my wife and a few others to order so I could get a look and steal a bite.  It only took one bite of the 220-B for me to decide I was in.  I went with the Olympian myself and have to say it was one of the best sandwiches I've had in awhile.  The price vs. portion ration was fine I thought considering other options were deep friend this or that for the same price around the way.  The bread was soft and fresh, cheese gooey, and the corned beer and pastrami was not too fatty.  The only bad part about the sandwich is that after eating it I wanted to just curl up into a ball and take a nap.  My wife loved her 220-B and if the non-mobile location is still open I think we will be paying them a visit very soon.

-Side note - the chips were hit or miss.  I didn't order them but some were crunchy and some were very soggy.  Not sure if this was a product of being made on the truck or what.  Either way they were fresh and the crunchy ones were good.
This will be a review on three counts; I have been to this location far more than three times, and I cannot fathom it being CLOSED since it was bustling not too long ago, but I will have to see the next time I am at Town Square seeing a film at Rave. Actually, I hypothesize that this is not closing but the location is changing, just like a lot of the Yelp entries that show as 'closed' when they have just changed locations. On Tropicana/Fort Apache, or S of the intersection a block or so, by Sweet Addiction, there is a storefront with a Johnny McGuire coming soon placard.  

Review for location: 
Very convenient if you are going to Rave, which is one of the premier movie theatres in Las Vegas (others being Brenden @ Palms and Village Square in Summerlin [some arthouse films shown]). Food is decent, not extraordinary (Veggie sub was godawful the one time I tried some from my girlfriend's), but certainly a bit over*priced. Basically, the correct price for it is the Groupon voucher price you might be able to score every now and then. It really is not deserving of two stars because their sandwiches are tasty (some of them), but ....

Review for their Coachella Music & Arts Festival booth (ON-SITE CAMPING, not inside festival):
Most piece of shit, waste of money, horrid, inedible, over*priced 'food' I have ever had at any festival in my entire life. And I go to a lot of festivals. I had a 'breakfast burrito' and was expecting whatever-it-was-that-they-charged worth of food (6-8$ maybe) and instead got something like a Jr breakfast burrito from Sonic's (costs like 1.29$) or perhaps smaller and about 60% less tasty. I remember vividly that it was Johnny McGuire's booth because we went to it because of the experiences we had with it n Vegas and because I thought maybe they can whip up a sub (it was like 11A). I thought wrong. 

Review for Johnny McGuire's two foot long sub challenge:
Don't do it unless you are a PROFESSIONAL COMPETITIVE EATER. It is a rip-off, for sure. It is not two feet of sub you normally buy, but a ridiculously constructed, unevenly prepared (oh hey, I just hit  the spot with 1000 calories worth of mayonnaise; sweet, give me three seconds while I use meditation to make sure I can not die right here on the spot from cardiac arrest because you hid a mine in my fucking sub) mess of shit. Why do they do this? Oh, well, you see the challenge is as follows: you challenge and if you eat it all in a certain amount of time, it is free. But if you cannot finish it, you pay double. And everyone besides Pros pay double, because it is not a fucking normal sub. Give me two feet of tuna fish minus mayo like that one dude on the Challenge Winners plague (before they started mining the fucking subs) and I would finish it easily. Don't mine my sub and I might have a chance, or let me know before I challenge that you will fuck with my sub and I will plan accordingly (take a challenge elsewhere, where they are fair). You've been warned. - E
Foods okay. The chips were cooked there and its kinda quiet inside and not busy at all when I came on a Thursday's at 330 pm. I did a Togo order ...and order a salad ....and when I finally went to eat my salad ...they did not put a fork in there.....I was to far to go back....Was upset about that ...and the atmosphere was down ....the sandwich guy looked mad.... and the girl at the register was a little sad ...like she didn't want to be there.....this was my experience when I went.... Wow it's been sitting in rough draft for 1 or 2 years.... I wonder if it's still there and if so.... Is it the same ?
Let me just say YUCK. Papago's Caf is located in the Papago Buttes Corporate Plaza, which is the building in which I work. I go because it is convenient. The food is overpriced and under-whelming. When you consider a breakfast burrito is about $6 and I can walk across to Filberto's for half of that price, it isn't a good option. But often I don't bring my lunch and I am lazy. 

Aside from being overpriced, the food quality is sub par. They do some things well like the pasta station and I do like the overpriced breakfast burritos. If you go and order anything, make sure it is grilled so that it will kill any creepy-crawlies that might otherwise be present. Pre-packaged is also a good choice. For God's sake don't try the salad bar. There have been cockroaches present in the salad bar as well as the ice machine. Don't take my word for it, you can see on the August 23 edition of Dirty Dining that the caf has had multiple health inspection violations (http://www.kpho.com/news/13966840/detail.html). I think my favorite comments were one visit where the inspectors discovered cockroaches in the mop room (http://www2.ahwatukee.com/page/restaurant_inspections/report/100470). The next visit it indicated the mop room had holes in the wall big enough to let a small cat through (http://www2.ahwatukee.com/page/restaurant_inspections/report/100468). Well naturally...how else can you get rid of the cockroaches? And maybe it's just me, but the word "infestation" is never a good inclusion in a health inspection report. "Mice droppings" usually are a bad sign as well (http://www2.ahwatukee.com/page/restaurant_inspections/report/100466).

Be afraid...be very afraid...
I have given this establishment a nickname after eating here.  The "papago's crapfe grill and barf emporium."  Your one stop shopping for a wide array or tasteless overpriced crap that is pushed off as "food."  Eating the food here is similar to most experiences I have had at the DMV.  The selection is terrible, I can generally find more food to eat at a Toys R us than I can find here.  I wish this place served alcohol so I could get drunk enough to be able to choke down this prison grade crap.  The only satisfaction I get when I have eaten here is trying to throw away some of their very limited condiments or a food tray.  The people working here have the personality of robots (like one in an auto manufacturing plant, not the cool funny one Johnny Five from the movie "Short Circuit")

If your stuck working in the building it is located in, you are limited for options around there.  I would suggest going out to your car and eating the upholstery on your seat.  It will be a much more rewarding experience for you.

DO NOT eat at the salad bar.  Unless you have 2-3 hours later in the day to spend in the can.  Make sure to bring a snowcone to wipe your ass with afterwards.  You think I am kidding?  I dare you to tempt fate if you think I am fabricating this fact.  The daily specials they have are also a good indicator of what is about to spoil the next day.

To sum up my eating experiences at the papago's cafe grill & deli is much like having the UPS man deliver a long awaited package of disappointment.  

Plus the prices suck ass beyond belief.
I do wish that Yelp had a partial star rating ability like Flixster movies has - because I must hand it to Papago Caf, it has stepped up - but is it 3 stars A-OK? Probably not, but it isn't a 2: I've experienced better. Based on my experiences the past 2-3 months, I have to error on the higher side because it has demonstrated the ability to improve. The cleanliness issues in my early review have not been seen lately and the food has changed.

The lunch selections are a salad bar, a grill special, a regular special and a deli special - plus a descent sized menu of other items to choose from. The chicken strips are very large, although some friends have said the prior recipe was better. These are still good. Occasionally they have items that you can have custom made there - such as the pasta station, the Chipotle style burrito and the nachos. Those are all descent choices. Recently I had a pulled pork sandwich that was among the best that I have had anywhere. Today I had a rib eye steak sandwich that was surprisingly good. On multiple occasions I have returned with lunch from the caf and people around me have said that looks/smells good. Where'd you get it? Upon revealing Papago's, they have been surprised. The breakfast burrito is still a classic there and now the soft serve ice cream is a good choice, but my absolute favorite is Thursday's Fire Roasted Chili. I am still amazed to have to type this, but if you want some chili, you have to get there early because it goes fast. I was scraping the bottom of the pot at noon last week. Shockingly yesterday I went to order the 2 chili dog special only to discover it was sold out. Say what?

One thing that people talk about is the high price, but really the portions are large. Sometimes too large - but I heard a rumor there are half sizes available. A friend said it was an option with nachos. I will attempt to order a smaller size in the future. 

I don't know what's gotten into Papago's Caf lately, but it is good and it is vastly improved!
Henderson's is an institution in Edinburgh - a trail-blazing vegetarian-only restuarant before such things were de rigeur (and we're talking over 40 years ago).


 It's still a good place for vegetarians, and one of the few places to take vegan friends. But for my money it hasn't quite moved enough with the times: it still feels a bit basic and cafe-like (you collect a tray and go up to the counter), and the prices are a little high for what you get. But it is reliable, the ingredients are always fresh, and the array of salads is impressive. A better bet for lunch in my view.


 They've recently revamped the bistro next door, which offers a more upmarket dining experience with modern decor, though I have not eaten here. They are open on Sundays, albeit closing at 22h. What is it with veggie places and early closing?
Hendersons is my favorite restaurant in the UK--and I went to a LOT when living there for two years.  It actually has three sections, each with a unique atmosphere and dcor: the restaurant, which is a bit fancier than the other two parts--this is great for date night; the caf, which is great for breakfast; and the bistro, which has a cabin-like feel, which is perfect for dinner and for listening to live music, which they have almost every night.

The food itself is phenomenal.  The menu is almost entirely vegetarian, and each dish has an original flavor, interesting textures, and a great combination of ingredients.  The lasagne is wonderful, the salads are crisp and refreshing, the soup comforting, and the tofu-sweet potato dish is my favorite.  Plus, the desserts are to-die-for: rich chocolate mousse, chocolate-hazelnut cake, fruit tarts, just to name a few.

Definitely seek out Hendersons if you're ever in Edinburgh.  It's a wonderful experience, and a great way to get a taste of Scottish cuisine without the meat.
Read a lot of great reviews about this place but we were disappointed.
I ordered the Haggis which was very bland and underseasoned, it came with a pasta salad which was just ok and cole slaw with apples and raisins which was slightly better. The vegetable stroganoff was more like vegetable soup because there were no noodles-it had good flavor but not really that substantial for a meal. The baked Aubergine was ok but pretty boring. Hendersons is like early 70's vegetarian food-it just was not that exciting.
Had a really good lunch here.
Very tasty stuffed crepe, followed by excellent toffee and walnut cake. Definitely one to go back to.
Plus they do gigs in the evening.
Deli style, with a menu denoting vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options.  It's simple, clean and bright, and as a bonus it doubles as an art gallery.
Hendersons is fantastic if you are vegetarian. I am not, so it ain't my thing. My Granny likes it here after she took my vegetarian aunty here when she was at Edinburgh uni, 30 years ago. So she often takes me and I can appreciate it is a great place for vegetarians with a huge selection of dishes. The service is top notch also.
 
However. Why mess with Flapjacks? After the initial shock of my meatless lunch, my Granny filled my hand with change and sent me to buy a cake from the counter. I licked my lips and chose a nice thick Flapjack. I hurried back to my seat and took one bite and was confused. Where was the syrupy, chewy goodness I was expecting? It had been replaced by some rather tasteless sawdust. Clearly in Vegan/Vegetarian world nice sweet cakes are a no no. This gives me a case of the sads.
Upmarket deli's are the mainstay of most affluent areas, and Henderson's fits within this bracket.  Prices are high but the quality is good, in particular the scones are a treat!

A restaurant looms in the background with the deli counter at the forefront. There's far too many appealing eats to even let you near the restaurant.  The frittata is a true gem too, with most other deli offering covering both the vegan and gluten free bases.

A top choice if your paying with the company card, which I believe 90% of the clientele here will be doing.
When we were both young, The Librarian and I used to stop in here for lunch.  Neither of us is vegetarian, but Hendersons is not the sort of restaurant where the diner has to have eschewed meat to feel satisfied by the vegetarian fare.
Now that we are older and no longer living in the windy city, we still enjoy visiting this comfortable haunt from the old days, and I have to say that like the best Scotch, it started good and has improved over the years.
I always find the same problem here;  what do I decide not to have in order to save room for the delights I decide to enjoy.
Hendersons is a veritable veggie institution in Edinburgh, so if you're non-meat inclined, or you're just in the mood for some super tasty food, then swing by Hendersons if you're around the new town.

There is an extensive selection of vegetarian food available here, made with locally sourced, high quality ingredients, and you have a choice of eating in the basement restaurant, the bistro, or taking a quick bite away from the deli. The basement restaurant is probably my favourite part of Hendersons, with its canteen style array of amazing looking salads, specials, soups, and other enticing delights to try. The restaurant is open from breakfast time until the evening, where its laid back dining style and often live music always seems to attract quite a few people.

The bistro part of Hendersons offers a relaxed, pleasant, and slightly more formal a la carte format in cheerful looking surroundings. A visit to the deli is a treat, with a range of yummy looking items, including the usual sandwiches, veggie pizzas, and frittata and falafel.
If someone had said to be that I would ever enjoy a purely vegetarian meal, I'd laughed in their face. Call me old-school, but if there's no meat in it, it's not a proper meal, right? Wrong.

That was before I ate here. I popped in with a friend for lunch oe day, and as we were heading out for a big meal that evening, we decided to just get a handful of starters to share between us, rather than having a full-on lunch. 

The food was amazing, and it was also really good value into the bargain which, in my opinion, always makes it even tastier! We got a portion of their Baba Ghanoush, Humus, Tzatziki and Spicy Bean Pat with a load of breads to mop it up, and I can honestly say it was one of the tastiest lunches I've eaten in that price bracket in a long time.
I won't deny that Hendersons is an Edinburgh institution. It was the first specially vegetarian restaurant in Edinburgh in the 70s, at a time when people were beginning to become aware of it. Despite the mainstream disapproval of vegetarianism this place was really trendy, and still rides on its fame from the good old days.

We are lucky to have the number of vegetarian restaurants in Edinburgh that we do today. This, however, means more competition for Hendersons. Nonetheless it still remains probably the best known.

I have mixed feelings about Hendersons however. On one hand it provides a great variety of generally good quality vegetarian food, on the other its pricey for what you pay for and the menu never really seems to change. It's a great shame that some of the other criticisms here have confused some generally bad experiences that could have happened at any restaurant, with the fact this restaurant just happens to be vegetarian. It's clearly fallacious to say that just because your cake wasn't creamy enough vegetarian restaurants must disapprove of creamy cakes. Any restaurant could serve you a disappointing flapjack. It reminds me of the sort of arguments you here from intolerant travellers when they are abroad and don't like something they've been served or whatever and equate it with something necessary about the culture or the people.

That aside Hendersons does have it downside. I love their chickpea and tomato stew, but it's not that special, it's something I cook all the time and don't expect to pay 6 for it. I love their crusty bread with curry, but could they change it around more often? I find Hendersons can be too expensive for simple dishes that seem to always be the same (albeit from a great range). On the former point I sometimes feel that Hendersons now caters mostly for the New Town residents, perhaps the rebellious youth of the 70s now all grown up and able to afford it. They do offer a student discount however.

But now let me defend Hendersons and say that the quality of the food, both nutritionally and taste wise, is still high above the average, and unlike most pubs or standard Italian restaurants, I don't feel like I owe my body an apology after eating there. I don't think that a slab of flesh maketh a meal (considering our bodies aren't made to eat meat with every meal and that 6-7% of the worlds population live without meat, through choice or circumstance, this claim seems ridiculous).

I think to claim that Hendersons is a place that can be "okay for some lifestyles but not for me really" or "not really my thing cos I eat meat" is a claim from someone who hasn't tried the range of dishes available here, or has some problematic addiction to one particular food group (besides presumably these people don't literally eat meat with every single meal: breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacking- or they probably don't have much longer to live). Again, you might not like Hendersons because they are rude or the dishes are cold or you thought the curry tasted crap, but the mere absence of meat in a place surely does not make it a pleasure only for the select few.

Incidentally Hendersons is not unfriendly, the dishes aren't cold and nearly all the dishes I've tried (quite a number) have tasted very nice.

A great vegetarian institution that still remains a great option despite some setbacks.
This shop boasts to be one of the best at offering high quality health foods and vegetarian foods, but all this comes at a price that is perhaps overdone.

That said, the specials aren't too bad value for money and this is a place that is good at providing quick food for vegetarians and vegans, which isn't a common trait amongst many shops around Edinburgh.

If you are a vegetarian, vegan or even just a very health conscious person you are likely to find benefits to this place.  However, as someone not in these categories I just don't get why this place costs so much.
Warum schaffen es die Deutschen nicht, ein wirklich gutes vegetarisches Restaurant zu etablieren? Edinburgh dagegen ist seit bald 50 Jahren (!!!) mit dem Henderson's gesegnet und ein Besuch hier in der Stadt ist fr mich gleichzeitig ein Besuch dort fr ein ultimativ leckeres vegetarisches Essen (neben FfT in London) - und macht nicht nur mich glcklich!


 Trotz Selbstbedienung ist man hier gut aufgehoben, man sitzt gemtlich im alten Gewlbe (vielleicht nicht der Hit an einem sonnigen Sommertag), der immer lchelnde Service ist uerst freundlich und aufmerksam.
Das Essen variiert tglich, es gibt stets ein Lunch-offer fr knapp 9 Pfund, die Portionen sind mehr als ausreichend und das Essen einfach extrem lecker und geschmackvoll (z. B. das vegetarische Haggis). Auch Veganer oder diverse Unvertrglichkeiten werden hier bedient.


 Ein Deli oberhalb an der Ecke versorgt die Stadt mit Leckereien zum Mitnehmen.
Abends gibt es wechselnde (u. a. musikalische) Veranstaltungen.
Hendersons is the grand old man of Scottish Vegetarian Restaurants. 

For those who are old hands at the veggie lifestyle, this place should be the mecca of all things non-meaty. 

It has a food presentation system of a school cafeteria with you being served by folks that seem to have taken on a vow of servitude after having fallen in love with the place.  

The food is pretty good and tasty. You may even make your carnivore compatriots say complimentary things about their meal.

The venue is bright with lots of room, even in the back.

The price is average and pretty on par with the Central Edinburgh Food tariff. 

I would visit it more often, if I was closer.
Lovely place. A must is their veggie haggis in a pastry parcel with lovely red onion gravy
A real favourite of mine. And most of Edinburgh I suspect.

Despite being a carnivore, I'm always happy with the food here - it's super fresh and delicious and you don't feel guilty after eating it! The downstairs restaurant offers canteen style ordering - and you can get a good idea of what's available by checking out what's on display. 

There's normally some type of art on the wall here too - it makes for an interesting place to stop for lunch or breakfast and unwind. There's no pretence; OAPs catching up over pots of tea mix with students and yummy mummies and I've seen a few business meetings being held here too. Just a lovely place to spend some time.
The deli upstairs is great for snacks on the go and by all accounts the sit down bistro is a treat to visit.
There are many things I miss about not living in Edinburgh anymore, and Henderson's has to be right at the top of that list.  The food is usually good, often excellent, and the prices are far from unreasonable.  I have to say I prefer eating in the Bistro rather than the main restaurant downstairs as it has a warmer atmosphere, though you're paying a little more for your meal there.

The best part about it is that there is enough variety and flavour to please most non-vegetarians.  I've taken my mother and sisters there, my mother-in-law and my father, all of whom love their meat, but they've enjoyed the food.  Yes, I'm sure they would have preferred a nice steak, but while they might have gone in there a little apprehensive they came out satisfied and with no reservations about returning.

The shop is a little pricy, but let's face it, if you're vegetarian or vegan you're penalised wherever you go.  If you don't want to eat meat but still want a varied diet, you're going to have to pay for it.  The prices are comparable, or even cheaper, than the other main vegetarian stores in the city and the quality is always excellent.

This place holds a special place in my heart as it is where I took my wife for our first proper date, where I proposed to her and where we had our wedding reception, but that doesn't blind me to its imperfections.  Getting down the stairs to the toilets from the Bistro is a nerve-wracking experience, the main restaurant downstairs is often crowded and sometimes the staff can be a little hit and miss, particularly the younger workers.  However, its imperfections are far outweighed by the quality of the food and the general ambiance.
I absolutely loved this place.  And I am largely a carnivore.

I went there with my girlfriend last weekend. I got the Moroccan stew with eggplant, apricots, tofu and couscous and it was absolutely incredible.  It was served with a olive/pineapple/onion/rocket salad that was a perfect compliment to the meal.  I didn't even miss or notice the lack of meat in the dish.  

The meal wasn't even that expensive (27 for 2 large organic beers, 2 dinners, and 2 desserts).

Oh I almost forgot! the dessert was also amazing.  We both got their fruit trifle with fresh whipped creme (seems to be a staple there), and couldn't have been happier.  The trifle was served with blueberries and redcurrant berries on top, and was delicious all the way down to the bottom layer of fruit.  It's a must have.

The atmosphere of the restaurant was what truly set this place apart for me.  They have a live band every night from around 7-9 playing guitar or piano.  The music was very good (you never really know when its a small gig like that) and incredibly relaxing.  They had a weekly schedule on the wall (and it seems its mostly Jazz, but I only saw one week's schedule). 

If I lived in Edinburgh I would go there 3 nights a week at least to grab a beer and a snack and listen to some live music after work.
As a tourist in Scotland, I was curious about haggis.  I'm Asian, so I guess you could say I'll eat about anything (and I pride myself on having an iron stomach--food poisoning, what's that?), but I thought I might have to draw the line at haggis.

Then a local told me that Henderson's is the place to go.  Not only is it vegetarian, but they have a veggie version of haggis that supposedly tastes "just like the real thing."  

So, we went there and it was fabulous.  It's a small-ish place, but everything was flavorful and just what our starving bellies needed.  Oh, and yes, I got the veggie haggis.  Totally awesome and filling.  I think the texture was nothing like the real thing, but at least now I know what haggis is "supposed" to taste like.  

Friendly staff, great food.  What more can you ask for?  Don't even hesitate if you're a carnivore.  You'll be more than satisfied and you'll probably leave with a whole new appreciation of vegetarian food.
Where else could I start my Edinburgh reviews, but my favourite vegetarian eaterie? Its not changed(so my mother tells me, in 30 years, but the food is so good why should  it?

While some have stated that its lacking in atmosphere, i actually really enjoy the hubbub of conversation. the mix of people and the unpretentious atmosphere. Very much one for the locals as well.

Unlike many restaurants, coming here is a great guilt free way to indulge as it all tastes so fresh and you can actually feel the nourishing properties, particularly in the hearty soups and salads.

A particular mention for the puddings though, the chocolate mousse is to die for. 

Henderson's, don't ever change and never stop.
Right. I am categorically NOT a vegetarian. Never have been. Never will be.

BUT my friends is, and I can, on occasion enjoy a meal that is composed entirely of just veggies. It is rare. But it is does happen.

We ended up here as my friend had visited before, for dinner, and had enjoyed it. However I have to say I was not rating this visit. I am not too sure she was either. We went for a wee spot of lunch and I gotta say I have never been soooo confused in my life!? Menu boards all over the place with hot dishes and soups and salads. I was baffled. It was very much canteen style, which I was not overly keen on. Very disorganised and not very well run or thought out. This would work so much better if they just did table service!?

I ended up having a medium salad. I asked and pointed at one of the bowls to ask what it was, the blunt and completely useless reply - Potato salad. Well yes. I can see that. I am familiar with what a potato looks like, but that does not have mayonnaise on it so all I wanted to know was what it had been dressed with. I still have no idea. So I went for that, some chickpea salad and a beetroot salad. A bread Roll and a what was called 'large' smoothie (It was small, and not freshly made as I expected). All this came to almost 9. Which to me, was faaaar too much.

Salad was ok. Not much flavour. Smoothie wasn't fresh and the whole system was just not great. I won't be rushing back. The breakfast menu did however look quite good.
OK.  Not the smartest restaurant ever, but it doesn't pretend to be.  Food is perfectly reasonable.  Kind of canteen-style service.  Live music every evening is a nice touch.  Altogether very convenient and pleasant.
This place is more about homemade than vegetarian. 

I am not a vegetarian but I do want flavor with my meal which forced me to Henderson's twice during my stay.  Once for breakfast, once for supper.

The breads are good, the entrees are great, crisp, clean flavors.  Just good food.

And the service is friendly. 

We met another American while we were in Edinburgh and the major thing we had in common was we all loved Hendersons.
The coffee was just okay and the cheese scone was not bad, but I LOVED the "rock cake".  It was under a pound and just really really good!!!!
I'm always left slightly disappointed by Henderson's, with the impression that they've taken some great ingredients, set out to do some interesting things, but ultimately produce dishes that are a bit bland and undercooked.

That said, there's also a lot to recommend it; great cakes and desserts and a fine selection of organic beers. The atmosphere is also always great, with plenty of bustle and, often, live music.

Prices are on the steep side across the menu and, unless you're a vegetarian and want a wide choice, you'll find much better value at the many restaurants close by.
Its an Edinburgh institution. Its Vegetarian. It's unpretentious, basic good, fresh food.

YUM!
I have a very vague memory of eating here 25 years ago from the days when I first became a vegetarian. I loved having lunch here again yesterday. On the plus side I must say the food is really excellent  among the very best vegetarian food you could find anywhere, really fresh and totally delicious, with a great amount of choice too. I particularly like the way you can order a smaller portion of a main course in order to have some of those gorgeous salads on the side as well. The staff are lovely, so friendly and helpful  I love their big smiles!
I so want to be able to give this place 5 stars because I so loved my meal and will most definitely not leave it another 25 years before eating there again! (Pity 4-and-a-half stars aren't an option)
Somy only (minor) gripes are that the blackboards aren't that easy to read and the salads could be labelled. I imagine the staff get very tired of having to explain what everything is. It would also be better if there were waitress service  or a compromise where you order at the counter but they bring it to the table. It's not easy having to carry trays of food around looking for a table when you're already laden with shopping!
Apart from that, I would say 'highly recommended' for top quality vegetarian cuisine.
I came here not too long ago to get a quick take-away bite before heading to school. 

It took me some time to figure out what I was going to buy... I was QUITE indecisive. I wanted to get the freshest, tastiest looking wrap possible to start my studying day off right! 

On the shelf there werent too many options, but among them there were a couple that looked quite stale and one being out-of-date. I handed it back to the lady at the till, then proceeded to choose. I went for the spicy bean wrap. 

I was crossing my fingers that I'd be able to handle the amount of spice (yaneverknowright?), and opted for this. I remember it being around the region of 2.95. Took it away, and hopped on the bus. When I finally had my first opportunity to take a nice bite I found out the wrap. was. spiceless. 

Now when I say spiceless I mean 1. no spicyness 2. no flavour. I paid 3 pounds for essentially a wrap with black beans in it. No salsa, not much else... oh and they said there was cheese in it. WHAT CHEESE??! SO disappointed. 

Now I don't know whether Henderson's is one of those places that poorly represents vegan/vegetarian food to be bland and tasteless... but I was disappointed. It was a very poor wrap.  

I like vegetarian food! Henderson's you gotta represent better! You're gonna give vege food a bad rep, man!
I had lunch here today. Pretty good value for money. I had lentil and apricot soup  (absolutely delicious) which came with brown bread, you get 2 bits but I could only eat one bit! I also had a side salad with rice and egg mayo (decent) and a rasperry,apple,bananna and cranberry juice (sooo good)
Henderson's has become a lunch time favourite of mine as I sometimes work nearby. This little shop and deli on Hanover Street offer a variety of options, ranging from soups, salads, spanakopita, quiche to ready made sandwiches. 

Most often I opt for a large cup of soup and a roll, and this costs 2.70. There are usually about 3 different soups on offer daily, which is nice as most places have only one or max 2. My favourite is the lentil & apricot soup which probably is also the most flavoursome of the bunch.. Quite often I feel that the soups could benefit of a bit more seasoning, but all in all they do taste quite fresh and healthy.
The bread is lovely.. I had a large sunflower seed roll, which definitely beats the ones offered at likes of Sainsbury's etc. 

The shop has a large selection of other items as well: coffee, tea, chocolate, jams, crackers, fruit. 

A note for those falafel lovers out there: today when I visited the shop there was a notice that they are soon unable to sell falafels (due to a distribution issue).
I really like Henderson's. It's one of those vegetarian places where you can eat relatively light or seriously stuff yourself, whatever you want. I'm not a vegetarian but I am pretty strict about my 5 a day so the range of options here is great. Tasty, hearty, healthy - you won't leave hungry.
I've already written a review about the St John's branch, but I thought I should write one about the original too. 

I have only eaten in the deli, but every time has been a pleasant experience. The soup is really tasty, and there are 3 options a day, which spices up life a bit. I have have morrocan tangine flavour, spicy lentil dal, red pepper, and many other flavours. I usually get it with bread, and there is a choice of seeded roles,  wholemeal, white, sourdough, oatmeal, cheeese scones, and probably some seasonal special. There is a deli counter with lots of ready to cook food made at Hendersons, like lasagna, savoury filled crepes, quiche and so on. I have heard from multiple sources that the vegan cherry pie is very good too.

After finishing your lunch, you may be tempted to look around the shop. It's a haven for those with allergies beside vegetarians; I saw many gluten and dairy free products, including chocolate and cookies. The fridges are well stocked up with pre-made sandwiches, salads, sushi, and a few locally made cakes.

This is a really lovely central place, and I end up going here if I find myself faint after a few hours of shopping.
I ate at the Henderson's restaurant/caf rather than the bistro. This place was great, if a bit pricey. Had a side salad and the lentil dahl spicy soup, which was delicious. Would have liked to return but alas, never found the time.
I love finding cute little independent places like this.  If you're looking for a nice casual place for lunch, check out the deli.  There's so much to chose from and in the end I ordered the hot main (vegetarian haggis) with 3 salads.  They had a good mix of salads ranging from your typical green to pasta salads.  It was so good and wholesome... it felt like it was negating some of the grease I've been consuming on the streets of Edinburgh during the fringe (don't get me wrong - I do enjoy a bit of grease every now and again).  When I got back to London, I was thinking I wish there was a place like this near my office because I'd go back frequently.
The deli and restaurant are my favourite lunch spots in town (although all of it's incarnations are great choices)

The menu is very varied with plenty options for even the pickiest of eaters. The food is always tasty, fresh, hearty and healthy.  They always seem to get the perfect flavour/combination of flavours! Portions are generous and definitely good value for money.

Staff are all very friendly, knowledgeable and happy to meet your needs and answer any questions about their dishes.

For a healthy and satisfying meal, you won't find better. The Deli also offers a take-away service which comes in very handy for an office lunch.
Like a well rehearsed theatrical production, I decided for fun to break my late lunchtime into an ensemble of bites.

Act1: Quest. Tasty broth, pretty looking using real tomatoes for their soup and an assorment of chunky veggies, coupled with large slices of malty wholemeal type bread. I realised I'd achieved nirvana towards enjoying a fat free low calorie starter; alas, it didn't last...Feeling fresh like I'd just driven an ocean road on a sunny day in a fast car, positive by now and half full, thanks Henderson's, I moved onto another dish in my lunch quest.

ActII: Deathly Chocolate. I had not consumed much sweet stuff in the last week, so my weakness was to follow tummy over head by ordering a smooth sweet and yet delightful yummy chocolate coffee cup cake with last of the summer fruits on-top. Wow, intense sinning levels - this was actually served in a cup topped with calorie bust'n dollop of fresh cream. This got me thinking had I gone too far, and overloaded calories a result of my sweet tooth taking over?

Finale: Care In the Community. Very thankfully but refreshingly before buttons started a' popping the grand finale, a helpful wash down of coffee, ooh nectar in a china container. Service was excellent as usual and it seemed I'd missed lunch rush. The veggie options were great, prices not bad, but strangely therewere plenty tables remaining? It wasn't too long before an answer presented itself, like a crime drama unfolding...look for the evidence. Is there really an excuse for leaving dishes on most tables for more than half an hour when it's not busy?

Encore: Furry dice they are not. I tried hard not to squish a tomato underfoot when sitting down, failed to catch the fruit-flys buzzing my table, or get comfy on the flat cushions(why bother) but as it was a quick in and out I didn't really mind, as these things happen during a busy day. Did I mention the kittens also left...sorry I lied; there were no kittens. But maybe if there were, then customers would be so busy playing with them they would not notice the dishes...I'm just saying!

I didn't wait around for the standing ovation as was heading for cinema but relished in the fact that it was5/5 for food options but all else 3/5, with the hope of secretly upping the star value next visit. Kittens would have been cute though if impractable?
Yummy and gourmet bean burger ! Cute retro under the stair Resturant . They have a bistro up stairs that I will try next time instead. Lots of room in the downstairs part for meeting big groups. I didn't like the cafeteria style ordering but they bring your hot food out to you so that's good. 
The food was really great! Gourmet veggie style dishes and beautifully presented!  
Food was well priced for the area and once again delicious !!!
My food was really good-- my only complaint was the rude waitress who was very angry when I asked if I could eat there, only because she had already boxed it up without asking me if it was to take away or eat in. Not a huge deal, but disheartening for a weary tourist tired from hours of walking!
I ate at Henderson's once a week during my time in Edinburgh and never had a disappointing meal.  I never have been and probably never will be a vegetarian but with the meals here you don't even miss the meat.  One of my favorites was the lentil lasagna, which was perfectly flavored and had a generous portion.  I always thought the wine prices were reasonable too.  

If you can leave without a scone and fresh clotted cream, good on you.
I always make sure to visit Henderson's at least once when I journey to Edinburgh. Eating vegetarian is a nice change and Henderson's does it well.

I normally opt for a portion of whatever vegetable soup they have on that day. The soup and the bread it comes with are both pleasant. If I had to criticise, I think sometimes that the soups are slightly under seasoned, but all the tables have salt and paper so it's nothing you can't sort out yourself.

I am less enthusiastic about their dessert offerings, however. There's nothing offensive about them, they're just not particularly inspiring. You can expect to see cute looking strawberry tartlets and pastries with kiwi fruit and stuff. It all looks perfectly nice through the glass, but when you get it, you find the pastry is a little heavy and it just doesn't match the higher standards that their savoury food sets.

I'd recommend Henderson's for lunch and lunch only. It's ideal for a quick bite to eat for a friend and perhaps something sweet after. The food is not unforgettable, but at the prices Henderson's charges, you don't expect it to be.
It's Easter Monday, you ate watery soup for lunch, you're starving but have an appointment in 30 minutes after which you're going to pints. WHAT DO YOU DO??

If you're me, you go to the nearest cafe and get a brownie. If you're my beloved, you have a lightbulb moment and suggest Henderson's for something rather healthier and, as I discovered, just as tasty as a brownie. 

We split the bean wrap.  The Man thought we should each get our own but I thought sharing would be perfect as we were just there for a hearty snack to keep us going. The wrap was FILLED with tasty bean pate (ie, smooth beans) and roast veggies. It HIT THE SPOT.  He even agreed that half a wrap was the perfect amount of food. 

It was absolutely the best thing we could have chosen and we both felt our rumbling tummies soothe and thank us for the deliciousness.  

Henderson's will definitely be our go-to place for a quick bite whenever we're stranded in the New Town area.
Around Edinburgh I've found that there isn't a wide variety of good vegetarian/vegan restaurants, however I love this place! The service can be a little slow if it's getting busy and for some the portion sizes may be a tad small, but the prices aren't too bad and the food tastes great! I've found the staff to be pretty friendly too. I have to say the bean wrap is definitely a favourite though :)
Yo!  30 freakin' minutes from the time I walk in the door til' I'm draggin' my keester back out.  That don't sound half bad until you figure I didn't eat yet!  Yo!  I ain't yankin' your sausage either!  30 minutes through the line and waitin' for the freakin' food!

I called ahead and they said it would be faster to just come in!  How you like that?  Then I get back to the office and one of the freakin' sandwiches ain't even what I freakin' ordered!  You gotta be freakin' kiddin' me!

This was a one star review until the sandwich was pretty good, know what I'm sayin?

Hey, did you talk to da guy about dat thing?  You know dat thing I told you about?
Yawn.

This is your basic Subway/Port-o-Subs clone, and that's not a very flattering comparison.  The sandwiches are grossly overpriced, lacking reasonable quantities of meat and cheese (while providing plenty of cheaper greenery to fluff the thing out, a la Subway), and completely run-of-the-mill.  If they would use more meat and charge less, then the place would be OK.  The ingredients themselves seem to be of fairly good quality.  But to overpay for a huge chunk of bread with not enough meat guarantees to keep me away from this joint.
Couple of harsh reviews but I've been nothing but happy with Jersey Mike's.  I've never seen or heard of other locations but this one opened down the road and after trying it out, I've returned about 15 times now and will continue to do so.  It's NOT like subway at all actually...

I have always had great sandwiches from here and have always had a lot of meat stuffed in, to the point to where a big sandwich basically makes 2 meals for me.  The stuff is always fresh and tastes super good so, no problems there.

I will give a word to the wise tho... Although it's very good... "Mikes Way" has them put a bunch of oil & vinegar on and if you plan on keeping half for dinner or next day be careful w/ mikes way as it'll saturate the bread over time.  Mikes Way eaten right away is the bomb tho... loves it.  Just heads up.

I will say they do take some time to make the food, and lunch time can get pretty busy and lengthy so they'll want to work on that.  But they slice the meat for every sandwich and it seems that may be part of the backup.  I've gone in there at night to pickup food on the way home and it didn't seem to take as long.

Pricey?  Eh... I'm not saying that... I think they're very competitive and I've never thought that the times I've been there.  Not as much as Capriotti's but not as cheap as Subway... but subway sucks so lol... 

Good small patio for nice days to eat outside... good amount of inside seating but again gets busy at lunch (cause it's good) and the one downside is they only have Pepsi products.... fail... I like Coke :/
When I lived in Ohio a Jersey Mike's opened up next to my work. They brought us a tray of free subs to sample and I have been hooked ever since. The review that claimed this place was at all like Subway have obviously never actually been to a Jersey Mike's. From the freshness of the meats to the size of the Giant (what I always get, ya im a fatty) everything is an upgrade. 

I generally get either one of the Philly's on the menu or the Buffalo Chicken. Both are absolutely amazing. Over the past 5 years im pretty sure I have sampled every sub on the JM menu (and have the receipts and free sub card things to prove it). Before you go, look at their website and decide which type you want. Knowing before you get there makes it much easier.
Justin - I HAVE eaten here - several times.  I stand by my review that this joint is just a glorified Subway.  Perhaps the quality/freshness of the ingredients is *slightly* superior.  You still get very little meat and a ton of greenery for the money they charge, which screams SUBWAY.
So I've lived down the street for almost three years now.  I figured it's about time i try  this place out.  It was honestly even better than i expected!  I'd heard good things.  But wow!  My only complaint was that the wheat bread tasted a little too dry for my taste.  I got the Veggie, of course, and I found it to be an excellent blend of veggies and cheese!  Good chip selection, excellent Mango iced tea!  So tasty!  I'll definitely be back!
This place is great, not cheap, but very tasty! Not at all like subway - ingredients are fresh and their hot sandwiches are the best!

My only complaint is the wait... if you plan on stopping by on your lunch hour be prepared to wait, and wait, and wait. The place is crowded and the line does not move very quickly. I went in to pick up a large phone order, figured I could walk up to the register, pay, and get out of there. My food was bagged up and ready to go, but I was told to get in line. I was there for 25 minutes!!!!! Needless to say, most of the sandwiches got soggy...

I've been here several times since this incident, and love it - like I said before, the food is great but the wait sucks :)
Despite my prior hum-drum experiences here, I went back yesterday, as I was in the area and was in serious need of a sandwich - nothing else was gonna cut it.  The joint was busy - surely a good sign.  And my main previous gripe was addressed - they were putting quite adequate quantities of meat on all of the sandwiches I watched being made, mine included.  I had ham, pepperoni & provolone on a white roll.  The ham was excellent.  FAR better overall impression than my previous visits here.  Still expensive, but with more meat this time, not unreasonable.  I dare say I'm now a fan and will be back.. we'll see if this was a fluke or perhaps my past visits were.
Yum, Jersey Mike's! I freakin' love their wheat bread with the little specks of... I don't know what it is but it's very good. The mini sandwich looks tiny when you first see only the bread but after it's decked out and rolled up, it becomes a plentiful sized sandwich. I've tried different sandwiches here... turkey, club (both kinds), italian and cheesesteak and love them all. There's something about that oil and vinegar they top it off with in the end that seals the deal. Other places do that too, but Idk here it just tastes better.

Sometimes I ask for the chipotle mayo instead of the regular and it's quite yummy with a little added spice. 

Also, I like that they carry Pepsi products. I like it better than Coke. And they have Cherry Pepsi, too  :)
One of my favorite sub places. Reminds me of home on the East Coast. Highley recommend. Staff is always friendly and gets the order right the first time.
I'm so bummed there's not a Jersey Mike's in Tucson, but everytime I drive up to Phoenix and need a quick meal, Jersey Mike's is where I go.  I love how fresh the ingredients are - the ingredients are much more high quality than Subway or Eegees.  That's the main reason I love it - the amazingly fresh ingredients.  Otherwise it's your typical sub sandwich place.
I'm always in the mood for a good sandwich, so I stopped by Mike's.  As anxious as I was, I was STUNNED by the sky-high prices for what you get.  I mean, how good can a sandwich be to command 30% over market value, and 30% under volume consumed?  

The bun was 70% of the presentation, and although the buns are worthy and important, they should be 20%.  The meat and cheese should be at least 50% of the value for the sandwich.  Any good consumer knows that.

Here we go, with no need to elaborate---  The outcome of the big 3:

Service:  
This part was average, and it's what you would expect at a busy sandwich shop.  We were 3rd in line, and it was 7 minutes before we walked out the door.

Taste:  I liked the taste, although I was expecting SO MUCH MORE because of the hype that they put into their t.v. commercials.  After hearing the commercial, I expected them to be the most-perfect sub, just like they said.  The bun is 70% of the sub, and while soft and tasty, should've been 20% of the sub.  

It was just O.K., and it's fine for a quick bite at a sub shop.  Don't expect the meat and cheese to overpower the taste, since it's such a meager and marginal portion of the entire sub.

Price:  Welcome to the 'horrendous part' of the entire ordeal.  I have no problem paying $5 for a delicious sub.  One of the market leaders has been doing $5 subs for years, and I've often wondered why any other competitors that want to be market leaders haven't driven the price down AT ALL.  I expect that they don't want to compete in an American workplace, that is expected to be DRIVEN BY PRICE.

I would even give $10 for the most fantastic sub, like the ones that New Yorkers RAVE about the subs in New York.  Since this is a New Jersey import, I have HUGE problems paying $9 to walk out with an average sub + fixin's.  I'd have no problem unless, of course, Chandler had a average, upper-class wage compared to New Jersey's upper-class wage.  You'll notice that they are NOT the same, and you'll find that they are VASTLY different.

If this sub would've 'rocked my world', then it's totally worth a $10 fee to escape with their fixin's.  As it was, I was left with a sub-standard sub (less than 12") and with normal, wholesome, expected, and anti-climatic fixin's.  A big let-down from what their commercials INSIST are the best.

Summary:
This shop is overpriced, and they don't get it.  They EXPECT that this is what you SHOULD pay for a 'premium' sub.  The trouble is, that Chandler is NOT Scottsdale, New York, nor New Jersey, and they haven't factored in the DESIRED sub shop that should be operating in a college community.  (we don't need more Scottsdale-type pricing, just college-kid pricing with college-kid type portions).  

I doubt that the owners will agree, and also, please expect that the owners will maintain that they are "...doing a good thing..." for the residents of the area.  Please disregard their fantasy leanings, since they don't understand the undergraduate population.

As far as stereotypes coming out of New Jersey, I'm also sure that these owners, just like the aggressive, post-WW2 unions, would ACTIVELY seek to prevent you from hearing what I've said about their food in this article.  I'm also convinced that they would also ADAMANTLY deny any affiliation with union henchmen.

Viva la America!
Ok roast beef sub, had Mike's way. My only complaint was I was so hurried to decide and pushed down the line from the time I entered the door, that I didn't have time to really look at what might be good that I hadn't had before. I left with having an ok sub, which I wish I'd had more say in.
Met up with friends here for lunch.  They handled the lunch rush pretty well but nothing outstanding or unique.  I got an Italian on wheat bread.  The bread was soft and yummy, the very limited(variety-wise) toppings were fresh, but the sandwich seemed scant on the meats.  They were generous with the tomatoes and lettuce but the sandwich was still 80% bread.  I had it "Mike's way", which also included what seemed like a pint of oil and vinegar on each side.  The last few bites of my sandwich were soggy-yuck!  Price is high for what you get.  Easy parking and average service.  I'm still looking for a sandwich place with the quickness of Subway but the deliciousness of Cheba Hut.
I was down here doing some shopping today, and saw that there was a Jersey Mike's in this shopping complex, and I couldn't have been happier.  I spent the most of this morning running errands and getting some shopping done, and had worked up an appetite.  I was to hungry and tired to go home and fix something, so I cruised into Jersey Mike's for a sub.

The place itself is clean!  Nicely decorated, with ample amounts of seating.  They have a few tables outside, but I ate indoors since it was a brisk 95 degrees today.  I went with the #9, which is the club (I think.)  It came with Turkey, roast beef, cheese, and all the toppings.   The menu listed that it also came with bacon as well.

Well, when I ordered, I told the guy NO BACON.  He was fixing a few other subs at the same time, and as I was watching him, I saw him put a strip of bacon on what I thought was my sub.  He also forgot to add mustard as well.  When I got his attention, I asked him of the sub at the end was mine.  He said yes, and I requested that he remove the bacon, which he did.  He also added my mustard, thank goodness.

Anyways, I got chips and a drink with it, and all around, it was tasty.  Not a bad deal, really. I'm glad I went!  I also got a cookie too, free of charge.  The guy who was running the register handed out cookies to us, as I think it was time for him to rotate a few fresh ones in.  He kindly handed me a white chocolate chunk cookie, and boy, was it good.  YUM.

I really like Jersey Mike's, and would gladly return in the future.
I am going to give them a 3 and that is only because one of the stars is for service, their employees are friendly and personable. Sandwiches *2* mostly bread and soggy if you get it MIKES WAY! And just found out they give their employees 10-12 hrs a week...really! 

GO TO FIREHOUSE SUBS!!! Try the ITALIAN, AWESOME!!!!
Great subs, the Club Supreme mike's style was really good
A little pricey and the service was not very fast but the red pepper relish is a real treat. Mostly sweat with a tart kick.
So people were RAVING about this place at my work... and I work at a sub shop. I was tempted to see and taste the competition. Both the workers messed up a few times and dropped stuff and looked as if they were lost. MIkes way seems okay but i didnt get it.. Instead they drenched my sandwich in some sort of dressings or oils.. wow it was salty and sweet as hell. I give the sub a 2 star. and the workers a 1.. I dont know if ill be back often if ever.
I've eaten at Jersey Mikes Subs a few times... usually this location and I always find the subs lacking flavor. On top of that the prices are more expensive than Jimmy Johns, and I think JJs has better subs all around.
I have always been a big fan of Jersey Mike's, ate dozens while I lived in Florida and every sub was packed with meat and the same every single time. However, this sub shop is inconsistent and the subs I bought today were not Jersey Mike's Subs. I had the number 9 (which I've had for years) and was stunned when she put ONE slice of roast beef on the sub. If I want a sub that has one row of meat on it I will go to subway...much much cheaper. And to boot...$27 for that and two other subs that the bread tasted like it just came out of a factory...nah...you lost a customer today and one of your biggest fans.
Food is good, but since they slice and then make each sandwich to order, be ready to wait.  If you're on a short lunch...go elsewhere

Wife ordered a steak sandwich with peppers, onions and mushrooms.  The combination made the sandwich like a bowl of soup.
I was wondering around the complex trying to find a place to eat, when I found Jersey Mike's Subs in the corner of the strip-mall area. I was expecting a sub shop somewhat along the lines of one of their competitors in terms of price and taste. Unfortunately, neither price or taste compared to any of their competitors.

I waited 15+ minutes (I'll be a little lenient because it was lunch time), but the way the line grew, I was expecting something more since it seemed like a popular place to be. There were at least 20 customers in line and only 3 - 4 people working, at most... The guy who assembled the sandwiches needed a helper because it took him for-ev-er to get all the junk on the sandwich. But, I only gripe because I am very impatient. Especially during my lunch hour at work.

The price was ridiculous... $10 for a regular sub, chips and small drink. I ordered the club "Mike's Way" and took it back to work to eat. I got to work to try and eat the sub, which was a 5 minute drive away, and part of the sub was soggy from all the vinegar/oil that was on there. The other part of the bread was a little tough. The flavor? What flavor? It had bacon on it for God's sakes! It should have tasted like SOMETHING... nada... I mainly tasted the mound of vinegar that was on the thing. 

Needless to say, I didn't feel this place will be worth a second visit.
Great subs, the Club Supreme mike's style was really good
It is hard to find a good sandwich shop in Arizona.  Jersey Mike's subs are good and tasty.
Went in on Sunday, service was quick, friendly, and the food was great! Good alternative to subway.
Short and sweet:

* terrible service
* refuses to take coupons
* seriously slow staff
* good sandwich

Won't ever go back to this location, the service is simply too poor.
As the name implies, this is a sub shop.  They have a variety of hot and cold subs, some traditional and some not-so-traditional.  You can get an Italian (cold cuts), meatball, Philly, and several more. So far all the ones I have tried are good.  

They only have "white" or "wheat" bread, compared to others who have four or more choices.  Their bread holds up better than Subway's bread (don't know why, but Subway bread seems to turn to mush pretty quickly).

They are pricier than Subway, but they are worth the difference.  And their staff was very friendly and helpful.  One thing you have to know is that after you pay you will probably have to wait about 5-10 minutes for them to bring the sandwich to you.  They make each one fresh, and custom to your order.  As near as I can tell they even slice the meat themselves after you place your order.  Unlike most places that have little bins of prepared ingredients.  So it does take a little longer.

They are popular enough that sometimes they do get busy, and the line can get long.  It's because lots of people seem to like their subs.  But it also means a longer wait if you hit them during a rush.  I try to time it a bit early (maybe 11:15 am), or a bit late (maybe 12:30-1pm).  If you try to go 11:30-12 you are likely to hit the lunch rush.
I have visited this location twice in the past month.  I will be honest, I only buy the #13 because it is the closest to the taste of a sub from Jersey.  add the salt, pepper and oregano and I think I was back in Jersey eating at a sub shop there. The meat is freshly cut, the bread (you don't get choices back in Jersey at a sub shop so wheat or white was fine by me) was nice and crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. The employees were very nice both times, same crew.  In fact they remembered who I was from a few weeks back and held a great conversation with me.  In fact they were just as friendly to another repeat consumer who came in after me.  Overall, the staff was very courteous and the sub was great. i will be back for more.
Great service from the intial greeting at the door to the assembly of my sub to the cashier that rung me out. Pepsi fountain is clean and mixture of soda is perfect. Clean dining room.
We liked it! Friendly staff, extremely clean facility, nice prices and great quality of ingredients. On weekends they have a special; 2 regular subs, 2 chips, and 2 drinks for $12.99. They have a handful of toppings to choose from...I really wished they had black olives but they do have pickles! Also if you get it "Mikes Way", which is vinegar, oil, and spices, you should know they really pour on the vinegar. I prefer alot of vinegar so I like it but those of you who dont may need to let them know to go light on the vinegar. So if you're looking for some yummy subs give them a try!
great sandwiches! and the sweet tea is awesome! i will be going there allot lol.
I had a coupon, I called in an order, it was ready when I asked. I was able to get extra jalapenos. Sandwiches were delicious.  A regular is  8 inches. i had t o wait a few minutes at the cashier because it was lunch time. He apologized for the wait which was not very long.  

I will be back. It was yummy!
Love Jersey Mike's. Being a back east girl I always go to Mike's when I want a sub. Always fresh meat & bread and gotta love they have Pepsi. Staff is always friendly and the beach pics remind me of home.
Service is pretty quick and workers are friendly.  They slice their meats and cheeses as they are making your sandwich.  I like the Turkey and Provolone and the bread is always fresh.  Make sure to sign up for their emails.  You will get a coupon for a free sub and drink on your birthday!
This place has gone way down hill since it opened.

It has always been expensive but we still went there because the quality of the meat and bread were very good. They definitely seem to use better luncheon meat than most sandwich shops. When we first started going there we loved it except for the high prices, but now it is just a VERY poorly run restaurant with very low standards, poorly made sandwiches, and questionable hygiene. I know the management is terrible because the problems are so obvious and easy to fix but it just gets worse and worse. I have also talked to them on a number of occasions but they seem oblivious.

The first problem I noticed, a long time ago when the sandwiches were still good, was with the lettuce that they use. This one is really hard to understand. They have the worst lettuce I have seen anywhere. Why is it so difficult to have some decent lettuce? I had to start taking it off or not having it put on in the first place. The next problem that came up with the food was the bread that had previously been good, was now almost always stale, or at least nowhere as fresh as it had been before. On the last sandwich I had there the bread literally broke up into sawdust like crumbs. The problem here is no mystery and reflects very poorly on the management and employees. They now leave their bread out on the counter and exposed to open air all day! How can you be in this business and not understand bread goes stale quickly when left out in the open?

The service tends to be very poor, but to be fair, that's not exactly a rare occurrence in the food industry.

Finally, and this one may just be me because it doesn't seem like people are too concerned with this in restaurants anymore, the hygiene practices have become increasingly disturbing. Often I see the person cutting the meat not caring at all that the slicer is a mess. I worked in a deli when I was younger and I know it is no big deal to keep the slicer clean. The slicer is often just smeared with residue buildup from heavy use and they won't even take the time to clean it. The mess directly under the cutting blade gets bad enough that it will make you nauseous just looking at it. In addition to this there are a couple of other issues with hygiene. When they make the sandwich a lot of the employees have a habit of pressing your sandwich into the counter top and just sliding it to the right to the next stage of preparation instead of picking it up which should be no big deal. It's almost like they are cleaning the counter top with the bottom of your sandwich. The last thing I will say about this really bothers me. For some reason a lot of the employees actually remove the loose food debris that collects on the counter while making the sandwich, by using the sandwich cutter to push it into your sandwich after it is done. I really don't appreciate them cleaning the counter by using my sandwich as a garbage can for the scraps! Just put it into the garbage. I know a lot of people will say that it's just from making your sandwich but that is often not the case because they often scoop debris from other sandwiches that's been sitting there for a while into your sandwich. How does a manager see these kinds of thing and not do something about it?

It's sad because with some easy to make changes you have a good sandwich shop, but I guess they have a good location and don't feel they have to care about such things as long as people keep coming in.
Just took my 2 girls there for lunch today - We ordered a wondeful avocado/sprout sandwich on yummy wheat bread with a bowl of soup, a soup & salad combo (with REAL salad - no iceberg lettuce), a bowl of soup, a pot pie & cinnamon roll to-go and 2 slices of pies - toss in drinks and we spent under $24!  The food was delish too!  The soup, while a bit salty - tasted very homemade and the fluffy, tender, warm rolls that accompanied the soup?  AMAZING!  The pies were super yummy too and my 8yo claims that she will be working here when she gets older.
We live in south Chandler but decided to make the drive because I was craving pie and the reviews were so good. We arrived 5pm on Sat night and they close at 6pm. Needless to say most of the pies were gone because they are AWESOME! You can call ahead and reserve your pie which is what I will do next time. We snagged the last Chocolate cream (very good) and Apple pie though. 
We also ate dinner here. I had 1/2 sandwich (chicken salad) and soup (broccoli cheese) and it was delicious. Wife and kid had soup and a large roll each. Drinks are only $1. In fact we all ate and got 2 pies for $21. I felt guilty, I couldn't make the stuff for that price. 
We sat there and met one of the owners (Annette) she was so nice! My daughter played with her grandkids while we finished eating. 
Overall a great experience. Seems like very nice couple that own the place. A new business with bargain prices and great food. Definitely worth a visit !!!!
If you like pies, there is no better place to get a great pie than Croshaw's pies... anywhere.

And it is a full-service deli, they have sandwiches, pot pies, rolls, and pretty much everything else you would expect from a bakery.

I went there today and ate the Chicken pot pie - and on a scale of 1-10 it was an 11.  Flaky crust, lots of chicken and bigger than it probably should have been.

Will I be back?

More often than my waistline wants me to I think.
Loved the Rodeo and Lemon Cream Cheese but wasn't very impressed by the fruit pies.  Rodeo Dr pie was a fluffy cheesecake-like filling with chocolate crumb crust and it was a hit at our last get-together.  It prompted those "Where did you get this?!" comments.

Chicken pot pie was great tasting, filling and very affordable.  My only reservations about it were the frozen vegetables and lack of pie-tin crust (only crust was a top layer).  The crust that was there was fantastic though.

Homey, grandma's kitchen feel with a fair amount of indoor seating.
I am in love.  For as long as I can remember I have had a love/hate relationship with pie.  I love pie filling of any kind, I like graham cracker crusts, but when it comes to a pastry crust, I had not found one I liked.  Not ever until I had pie from Croshaw's.  Seriously, this is the most amazing pie crust, light, flaky, moist, *sigh* I just wish I could better explain how good the crust was on the chocolate cream pie.  I didn't have to scoop the cream because every bite of perfect crust and chocolate just melted in my mouth.  And for a mini pie at $3.89, this is a bargain.  Most whole pies here are under $10 and worth at least twice that much.  I also brought home a chicken pot pie and for someone who would only eat the chicken filling, I thought the crust was the best part of it.  Compared to the crust, I found the chicken and veggies to be a little bland.   I would buy it again just for the crust, and try the turkey pot pie instead.

I just did carry out, but they have a nice little seating area, sandwiches, salads, soups and quiche.  If those items are even half as good as the pies you are in for a treat.  I also brought home a blueberry cobbler.  The filling was your run of the mill sweet syrupy blueberries but the topping was light, lightly sugared and so so good!  I'd buy the pastry topping by itself if I could.

For the mini chocolate cream pie, chicken pot pie and blueberry cobbler, my bill was $12.14.  This is a bargain and I will be back soon!
In the immortal words of Homer Simpson, "Mmmmmmm pie......."

I had read the Yelp reviews for Croshaw's and wanted to try them for some time now.  I was finally able to get there.  Upon walking in we were warmly greeting and looked over the pies in the cases.  Beautiful chocolate cream pie, lemon merangue, berry, and several others.  It was hard to decide.  What I loved the most was that they also had "mini" pies.  A pie for one or two is perfect if you don't have a large family or you're not taking a pie to a dinner or just don't need an entire large pie,  And mostly because if I bought a regular 9 inch pie, I'd eat the whole damn thing.  I really do have very little self control.  I settle on a mini german chocolate pie, a mini peach cobbler, and a chicken pot pie.  All of this for $12!!  WOW!  I took my delicious morsals home and popped the chicken pot pie in the oven.  About 20 minutes later it was done.  This beats any frozen Marie Callander's pot pie any day!  You can taste how fresh it is.  It tastes like mom made it and the crust is delicious!!  So then I tried some of the german chocolate pie.  Creamy chocolate with pecan bits and coconut topped with whipped cream.  YUM!!!!!  I'm in heaven!  And the peach cobbler......another slice of heaven! And in case you're wondering, I did not eat all three in the same night, thank you. I didn't say I had no self control at all.  It appears that I will be making frequent trips to Croshaw's.  And with the holidays coming I'll bet their pumpkin pie is amazing!  Thank you Croshaw's.  Now I'm obsessed with pie.  :)
Yum yum and yum!! Just tried it today for lunch. The Turkey Bacon sandwich was okay. Broccoli cheese soup was pretty good (was lacking in cheese though), and the sour cream lemon pie was amazing!!!! Can't wait to try a pot pie and some quiche!
I have not actually tried their pies but I did have a chicken pot pie. I wasn't very impressed. The pie crust wasn't very flaky it was a little soft and mushy. And the insides werent exploding with flavor or loaded with meat with I prefer. But it wasn't bad by any means either. Just different than I make and enjoy. Looking forward to trying a pie.
**I only have one complaint**  First off the food is delicious, everything from the fruit and cream pies to the soups and sandwiches. I absolutely recommend stopping by for some great pies.  My complaint is how the owners wife treats customers and the staff.  I am a frequent customer and have witnessed many times the wife talking down to the staff in front of everyone.  The girls look miserable working there and I feel sorry for them.  Its too bad for the staff, because when you think of the foods that are served at Croshaws, you think of foods that make you happy. The atmosphere seems dampened by the owners wife :(
Yum yum yum!

Croshaw's has been on my bookmarks forever. Their schedule just doesn't jive with mine, unfortunately. We did get the chance to stop by recently. It was about 5:30 and wouldn't you know it, somebody walked out with the last pot pies as we walked in.

We bought a custard pie and figured we would take it home with us. But luck was on our side - they found one last pot pie and gave it to us for free. That pot pie was so delicious and the custard pie was yummy too! We will definitely be back, a bit earlier next time so as to be able to try more variety from their menu.
They offer the best pot pies I have ever had! Placing an order for the office today... 9 pot pies! it is well worth the drive and on Friday they make a lean beef pot pie. Yum! The turkey pot pie is the best in my opinion.
I'm not sure why this wonderful slice of pie heaven does not have more reviews.  If you love pie this spot is a MUST!.  I was in to pick up a couple of pot pies and I saw the soup of the day was Chicken Noodle.  My daughter loves Chicken Noodle soup so I thought this would be perfect for dinner.  A quart of soup came with six dinner rolls.  I got a mini Banana Cream Pie for dessert too.  The soup tasted like my Mom made it!  It was delicious.  And the rolls.......OMG!  Fresh and buttery and they melted in your mouth!   Of course I had to get a Chicken Pot Pie for dinner the next day.  They also serve sandwiches.  It's a great little place for lunch but do not leave without taking a pie home!!
Extra star for family owned endevour:
I got the Chicken meat pie, a slice of Pecan pie and the berry cobbler. 
Chicken pie: bland, peas had started to go bad and the crust was raw. Yuck
Slice of Pecan: Rancid pecan, too much use of egg had made it runny, insufficient mixing in of the maple syrup (making portions uber sweet  and others not) even worse than the chicken pie.

Berry cobbler: Too scared to try this before the review.

Why 3 stars , because I know it is damn hard to get pies just right especially if U have to leave it for hours on end before someone picks it up, and I'll be a monkeys uncle if I ever have to put that much effort into making food (that has so many avenues of going wrong)

Berry cobbler was yummy ( yes!! the 3 stars still stays and is valid)
Is this place still open? We went by to have lunch at noon on 9/26/11 & there was a sign on the door saying the business had closed & the windows were all covered up. I guess it went out of business.
I went on Saturday to buy a pie. And Croshaw's was out of buisness.
What happen ?
Just opened and supposedly the largest grocery store in the Las Vegas area, Glazier is pretty darn good!  The prices aren't bad and they usually have something for every budget. Cheap, moderate and Gourmet prices and items.  Has a good "food court" area with a player grand Piano.  The music was a little loud throughtout the store-turn the volume down a touch please! Far from our house-too bad.
This is now my favorite grocery store in the area.  It's big, clean, well dressed, has an outstanding selection, and honest prices.  Almost everything you'd want in a soul mate!  I'm a bargain hunter, so when I go to the grocery store, I can pretty much remember how much items are from store to store.  Glazier's was very competitive, especially for not being a corporate giant.  Okay, back to the review, the store boasts a coffee shop, hand dipped ice cream, made to order asian dishes including sushi, hot rotisserie chicken, self-serve fountain drinks, self-serve olive bar, self-serve salad bar with most of the fixings ($6.88 per lb.), and a small dining area equipped with a piano.  The salad bar really won my heart!  I was raised in PA where nearly every grocery store had a self-serve salad bar; when we moved out here, to my chagrin, the only grocery store to offer this was Whole Foods--bleh.  Not to knock WF but, I'm really not into paying more for organic foods--they taste the same and I can clean/wash my meats/produce.  Besides, even though organic produce is grown w/o pesticides, don't you still wash it before eating it--duh!  

Whoa deli!!!!  Ahh, deli...cious.  Well staffed.  Like most newer grocery stores, this deli also hosts a computerized ordering kiosk so the impatient can shop for other stuff while their order is being filled.  The kiosk shows the price per lb. of the item you select, allows you to select the weight desired, and allows you to specify how you'd like your meats/cheeses cut (ex. shaved, chipped, sliced, thick, thin, very thin, massacred (j/k).  The deli case has a very nice variety of specialty meats and cheeses, mostly consisting of the brand Boars Head.  I usually do not buy this brand because it's too expensive but at Glazier's, it's actually affordable!  At Vons, I pay up to $6-7 lb. for American cheese; Glazier's, Boars Head American cheese was $5.07 lb., and it wasn't even on sale.  For all of you PA/NJ/NY'ers they sell Taylor's Pork Roll at the deli!!!!!!!!!!!!!  If you turn your fanny away from the deli case there sits a few refrigerated islands stocked with just about any kind of gourmet cheeses you could fathom.

Moving on...meat.  The meat case looked incredible!  Everything looked fresh and well-presented.  I was hoping they'd carry USDA Prime cuts but only carry USDA Choice (like all other grocers).  Prices of the case items where on par with other grocers.  In the pre-packaged case, again the meats looked FRESH!!!  I was quite impressed.  In fact I was so impressed with the aesthetics of the meat in the pre-packaged section that I almost bought a pack of hamburger and a pack of chicken.  It took a minute or so to settle down.  My impulsion didn't get the best of me, phew.  For goodness sakes, what the heck do I need more chicken and beef for, I have a bunch in the freezer.  So just a fair warning to all who go by the meat section, don't get too impulsive--you're just browsing!  By the way, ground beef and chicken prices are very reasonable!  So sorry to all of the Yelpers who are interested in seafood, mama don't play that game.

Boxes, and cans, and bottles, oh my!!!!  FYI, Glazier's seems to carry two "house" brands: Smithfield and Western Family.  For nearly every brand name item they carry, there's at least one "house" brand.  Some product prices that really jumped out at me will be listed:
GOOD BUYS (non-sale items)
Andersen's Butter (under $2 lb), dozen large eggs (under $1.20), bottled juices (under competitor's prices), Mrs. G's bread ($1.18)
BAD DEALS (non-sale items, lol)
Coke and Pepsi (over $1.50 for a two-liter), Campbell's soups ($1.09-1.99 a can), Tony's Pizza (over $3), Totino's Pizza (over $1.75)

As far as paper products, detergents, soaps, and cosmetics, I didn't get a chance to shop around, though I did notice a nice selection.

Overall, I think anyone who tries Glazier's out will be impressed with what they find.  I'm going to be a loyal G shopper, for most of my grocery needs.  Happy shopping!
Nice, new, big grocery store on the corner of Durango and Warm Springs. Their seafood selection is impressive. A lot like Whole Foods but cheaper. Prices seem to be on par or cheaper with Vons and Smith's but they have a wider variety of quality produce. I've got one gripe about the deli. At Smith's they'll ask you how you want your meat cut and give you the first slice to taste. Here, I asked the lady to slice it thin. She sliced off the amount I requested and stuck it in the bag w/out showing me. Got back to my place and saw that it wasn't sliced thin at all. Disappointing but not that big of a deal I guess. I was also looking for creme fraiche but they didn't have any so I had to head down to Fresh & Easy to pick some up. Still, they seem to have stuff that other big box stores (like Vons or Albertson's) don't have.

I read in the local paper ("The Southwest View") that this place is a real mom-n-pop operation. It's run by Bill and Helen Glazier, a formerly-retired couple who owned a few other grocery stores in Philly. The article said they have plans to open a Glazier's in Henderson in the summer of 2010.
Taylor's Pork Roll--a big plus!   YUMMO!
I heard this store had Bosco chocolate syrup so I had to go get some.  I briefly toured the store and prices and selection seem very good.  I will be glad when they open their new store in Henderson.
This place is massive! Lots of inexpensive fresh produce that you may or may not find at an Albertson's, Smith's or Vons. Where can you find 4 lbs of yellow onions for just .98 cents? You can at Glazier's.

I agree with Clint B. that their seafood selection is impressive!... Not only their seafood but their selection of baked goods, bbq sauces, international and vegan products, etc. Seems that the prices are cheaper than Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. Smith's and Walmart may still have items that are cheaper, but at Glazier's you are paying for quality.

The only time we were concerned was when we found a hair in one of the deli items (stuffing) we purchased.

Worth checking out if you live around this area!
My wife and I enjoy shopping at Galziers and it is certainly a whole lot less depressing than Albertsons or Smiths, howerver I really feel like they have missed the opportunity to be truly remarkable.

Glaziers features the standard supermarket and I was excited by their claim to feature a huge array of international products.  As a non American I was excited by this prospect, but a little let down by the fact that things like "Kikkoman soy sauce" make it onto the "International Aisle" and that 80% of the "international section" seems to be hispanic food, with most of the rest being Kosher.

Where Glaziers really gets a chance to shine is their "food court" style area and in their fresh foods departments. The meats are of decent quality and the fruit and vegetables are very well priced.

Unfortunately the pre-made foods are giving Whole Foods nothing to worry about. The variety is extremely small and unremarkable and unless you want five different types of potato salad you won't be coming back for too much of it.   There is a HUGE opportunity for Glaziers here and I would really love to see them expand on this section and add a little variety and imagination.

The food court is of average quality - the Pizzas look fantastic and are good, if a little soggy (although I think that's generally how NY style pizza is - In my opinion the tip of a slice of pizza should not sag to point straight at the ground when you pick it up). Again, some variety here would really add to things.

Glaziers - you have my attention. You are an excellent step away from the depressingly generic supermarkets that plague The United States. I always enter your store with high hopes and walk out with a trolley load of groceries but feeling vaguely disappointed. A little more imagination and you could be great. I will follow you with interest.
Here's where you should go if you're not happy with your current grocery store or if you want to augment your current place or like to try new things.  It's worth the long drive but u be the judge.  They have a sale flyer in the front of the store where if u buy $25 (easy to do) you get 4 free items.  Anything I couldn't use, I gave away to a very happy receiver.  One wk it was pasta, bottle of pasta meat sauce, fresh broccoli, & gold medal flour.  The next it was low pulp OJ, frozen waffles w/ a choice of 3 varieties like blueberry, Jeno's pizza in any topping type, and a 1 lb bag of fresh xpress garden salad.  The fresh rolls were great with the Boar's Head deli meats to make your own sandwiches.  We also tried the sushi which isn't bad for a quick eat/sushi fix.  The fruits/vegies & many items seem to be well priced (lower or competitive for a non-chain) so this community store should appeal to customers who like independent/small business owners.
Flowers here are very affordable:
$8.88 dozen rose
$8.88 January bouquet
$9.88 purple heart bouquet
$17.88 hearts bouquetl

2/$1 single stem carnations

2/$10 tulip bunch
2/$10 small v day bouquet
2/$10 valentine bouquet

3/$10 small flower bunch

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Glaziers discount American greeting cards and gift wrap: 50% off, 365 a year!
I know, I rarely give anything 5 stars.  Anyways, I had to let you know I've tried so many things here including Ms. G's pesto pasta salad, chicken caesar, mexican lasagne, various/sundry other foodstuffs (fish, chix, meat, preparared foods, salads) ginger sesame chicken, & lobster .  The last ones are pre-seasoned & u just cook or re-heat so it's ready 2go.  Yum-O & definitely no where's as costly as going out 2eat.
I love walking in to a grocery store that has free samples. 
 
What I love about Glaziers is that they have weekly specials in poultry, meat, fish, produce and if you spend $25 or more you can get 4 items for free and free items changes weekly.  Coupons are located near the entrance.

Another one of my favorites is that Glaziers have great wine and SAKE selection for a reasonable price! 

I am a fan of Glaziers only because of their frequent special items that goes on sale, but I give it 4 stars because it is in my neighborhood and  very clean store.
Glaziers is as good as it gets in my opinion.  I go there every week for groceries and sometimes in between for a quick stop on something I need.  This place is ultra friendly, and the employees are customer service pro's.  Best part about this place?  Mr G. (glazier) can be seen daily pushing his shopping cart around the store.  How cool is it that the owner of the store says hi to you and thanks you?  Coming to Vegas from a very small town in MA, you learn to appreciate these rare occurances of personalized service.  Glaziers has everything I need and I see no reason to go anywhere else.
Glazier's is our favorite close by, affordable grocery store. Free samples, good prices and polite people working there. If they could somehow find a way to get rid of the morons picketing out front it'd be even better.
It's kind of a combination between a regular grocery store and a Whole Foods/Trader Joe's with good, fresh produce and decent prices.
So happy they opened this store up and gave us another close grocery store option rather than the inflated prices at Von's across the street where the employees aren't very polite.
My only real complaint is they used to have our favorite ice cream at a crazy cheap price but have raised it to the competition's price lately :(
This is the best butcher and seafood department I've found in Vegas! There is 0 fishy smell, everything is impeccably clean and the selection - oh my ! My husband was so taken a back by all the beautiful meats he insisted we go get a grill - pronto. A sausage factory? 96% Lean ground beef under $3? I'm in heaven. I have only had one visit to this meat and seafood mecca, but for me that seems to be the highlight of this store.

Next impression - quite impressed with the bakery. The bread we bought was oh so soft and delicious. Great selection of cakes and baked goods for under $5. I know where to go next time I feel OK with consuming an extra 2000 cals in one sitting. 

So far I'm not overly impressed with the rest of the store. I do like that there is no membership card (I hate those!), but the selection of random things like shredded cheese, flavored creamer, and say crescent rolls wasn't nearly as good as Smith's (yup, I have a weird shopping list!). 

The low point for me was the wine selection. My Smith's has more wine , the price is better, AND I get a 10% discount for buying 6 wines at once. The selection was awful - all grocery store brands, nothing cool or independent. I expected some cool wine at such a huge store ! Prices on all my regular wines were $1-$2 more and then NO DISCOUNT. 

Overall: Come here for the meats and seafood, not for the wine !
After reading reviews here, and countless recommendations of a friend's wife who is the thriftiest person I know, I decided to venture here for my weekly ritual of grocery shopping. Now, I normally hit up one or two or three stores in a week (Sunflower, Fresh & Easy and Smith's) so I wasn't  expecting to have everything I need in one store. This was also the case with Glazier's as they carried everything I was looking for except for organic fruit leather and Boca Bits...I can do without the fruit leather, but the Boca Bits are a staple in my household. And maybe next time I will find these items, as I tend to get overwhelmed in new grocery stores. I opted for the Morningstar Farms starters...but anyway...I like the convenience of Glazier's as their is a PetCo right next store. Typically in our house human food runs out at the same time pet food, so this makes me a happy. Second, you walk right into the produce section. At some stores, this isn't amazing, but a Glazier's I was wowed. The produce section was big, and everything looked good. I purchased a half dozen Gala apples and they looked better than any I've seen at any store. The prices were also very reasonable in that section. Third, the staff was very friendly. Just about everyone I saw said hi or asked if I needed help. Finally, the multitude of ready to eat counters that Misti talks about. I didn't cruise that section since I was trying to be quick. 
Overall, for a weeks worth of groceries, I spent about $30 less than I do with my Sunflower/F&E/Smith's routine. The only thing I noticed that was more expensive was the Healthy Choice Asian Potsticker frozen dinner. Weird, I know...but its my favorite frozen dinner ever. 
I will definitely be going back. It may not be my every week shop, but  I will definitely hit it up again.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

OMG...I just got home from checking out this place. I thought that I was in Heaven. The grocery store was so clean that I was hook from the beginning. Then as we began to walk around, we were more and more satisfied. In the bakery section, strawberry shortcake was $5.98, carrot cake at $3.98, and much more. As we continued walking, we noticed large party platters varied from like $29.99 up to about $54.99. They had pasta salads, fruits, veggies, meats and wings. The prices are definitely reasonable. Most what I saw was cheaper than Walmart and Food4less. Go check it out.
I'll second pretty much everything Misty said. This is a really nice grocery store and definately a plus if you live in the surrounding area. I don't live all that far away, but just far enough where its a bit of an inconvenience to travel to Glaziers. I would probably pass about 7 or 8 other supermarkets on my way.

Its like a nicer version of Albertsons. Some prices are good, some are a bit much (about what I expected from a place with only one location). A bit suprised at how quiet it was on a Friday night at around 7 pm. Usually at that time you have a line of people getting their groceries for the weekend.

Major plus is that they now sell Drakes Cakes (thanks Matt for finding this out). Drakes Cakes are like Little Debbies or Hostess for those of you unfamiliar. Anyway this is the only place in town (that I know of) that sells them. They are about double the price what they are back east but for a fix every once in a while a huge bonus!

Did a small shopping and only grabbed things that were on sale. Some of my regular stuff is a lot cheaper at fresh and easy or wal mart which are closer to my house. 

Very nice store though, definately a lot bigger than I thought it would be.
Glaziers comes through again! 
Now they have chicken cutlets. I have waited 17 yrs for this. I have asked so many supermarkets for this. Finally, I do not have to try to do this at home by myself, and end up with chicken mcnuggets instead of chicken cutlets. I have avoided buying the chicken breast so many times due to this. I remember once asking the butcher in Smiths if he would do it for me. His response "You NYer's and your chicken cutlet's"Never asked again. I just can't imagine eating a big fatty blob of chicken breast. You can't make proper chicken Parmigiana, piccata, or saltimabocca unless you have a cutlet, perfectly thin sliced. And not the ones by Foster Farms that are about 10.00 a package. I got two packs for 4.00. 
Also found they have the smaller boxes of Drakes Cakes, and another favorite Sabaret hot dogs. 
I am still waiting on that MY T Fine pudding. 






Drakes Cakes!!! 
I know it is an East Coast thing. But when you grow up with certain foods, and you move away from them, it is hard to forget them. So when you find them you are so excited. 
Not only do they have the drakes cakes, but they sell cookies that I have not had since I was a kid. Nabisco classic creations. My last trip to NY I could not even find them. I thought they just were no longer around like fudge town cookies. 
Seriously though this is a great place to shop. They have boars head which is the best for cold cuts. They have a great meat dept. Great staff. good produce. 
Now if they would just get some My T Fine pudding I would probably apply for a job there.
I was ready for a new grocery store when I heard that Glazier's was coming. I'm a huge 'foodie" and couldn't wait. They carry items from the Eastern part of the US. (Drakes, Wise,...) The international food isle is better than Albertsons, Vons, Smiths. They have stuff that I usually pick up in San Diego, nice!  I don't usually go into this much detail, but this is warranted. Ok, let's go.
1. Produce: always fresh n good price

2. Mrs. G's Salad bar: fresh! The potato salad is the only potato salad I will buy in a grocery store.

3: Meat Dept: Huge selection! Always fresh and the carne asada is $2:00 cheaper than Albertsons and tastes better!

 4: Employees are always nice. There is always someone to greet you at the door.

5: Nice soda selection

6: Overall, clean, nice selection of East Coast items (for Vegas)

I pretty much split my grocery budget between Glazier's and Albertsons. Wal-Mart is only good for canned goods and tortillas.
oh Glazier's what would i do without you? It's sad when the checkout people know you by name but i am here everyday. Convenient. Never Crowded. Staff is amazing and the store is very clean. The organic food section is very impressive. They have the best hummus slections i've seen in vegas thus far: olive/oregano...tomato/basil..and they are all fresh and from small local company.

They also have great wraps. I forget what its called but it's next to the pizza stand when you first walk in. The salsalito turkey is  my fave! Avacado spread, spicy turkey and i always get the jalepeno wrap.... : ) 

open till 12. what more can i ask for?
Clean, not a chain, great meat department with large organic selection. Produce is hit or miss, sometimes the prices are better than the chains, other times not, and you have to be careful of the produce you pick and it's ripeness. I love their variety and their weekly sales.
This is my favorite market in Las Vegas. Great produce section and a ton of specialty items I cannot find anywhere else. It is family owned and they have a ton of different departments such as (deli, seafood, butcher, sushi, meals to go, pizzeria, coffee, bakery, etc. etc. etc). The only downside is that some of their frozen items and non-perishables are a little more expensive, but I just don't get certain items there, for the rest of my grocery shopping and quality is made up in all the other places. Huge isles and a friendly staff... this is not your typical "chain" market. A plus is that they have request tickets for customers to order specific items, brands, etc and they will stock it for you... Oh, also, their homemade sausage section and various prepared meals are darn good.
Don't get me wrong, I love Glaziers. Please note that this review is specifically for the steaks that are on sale.

They have wonderful sale items, but the last few times that I bought steaks that were on sale; it wasn't very tasty as a matter of fact it seemed old and tainted.

I don't think I will be buying any steaks here that are on sale.
Came here because of all the positive reviews, but wouldn't go out of my way to go there...The prices aren't as great as everyone seemed like it is...for prepared foods, I can go to Sunflower Market or Fresh and Easy, also Geri's Old Philadelphia at Pecos/Tropicana also sells a bunch of East Coast Favorites like Tastykake and Wise Chips and Drakes and stuff like that...Only thing that my mom would probably go to Glazier's for is pork roll...But living at Sandhill/Hacienda we have plenty of choices on where to go and can price compare and have plenty of stores with the same East Coast selection...Its good that the SW now has a choice other than the expensive VONS or the always-busy Wal-Mart...
I absolutely love this store! 

The staff are soooo nice and help you to find you whatever you need.  I go to this store at least once a week.  They are the only one that I found that carries "The Greek Gods" greek yogurt, honey flavored, that I love so much.  I usually don't like yogurt...but this is some awesome stuff.  I like their produce, very fresh, and a wide array of pastries and desert.  They always have some sort of sale, and free items once you spend over $25.   

This store is very clean too.
I like this grocery store.  It's brand new, clean and the staff is friendly.  I shop the circulars and it's a little out of my way so I wouldn't go here for all my grocery needs.

They have a different "Family Meal Deal" every week which is pretty cool.  For example: Buy 3 pounds of ground beef for $10, get buns, a bottle of water, a salad and a canned vegetable for free.

They also have store coupons for random free items with a $25 purchase; this week it was a large cantaloupe and a 64 ounce bottle of apple juice.

They have a pretty extensive "ready-to-eat" and hot food stations as well as a nice seating area so you can eat in the market.  Off the top of my head they had a coffee station, ice cream, pizza, deli sandwiches, fried seafood, bbq pork ribs and fried chicken.  I was kind of surprised to see that they were taping a food demo in the deli station and a little more surprised that the Chef doing the demo is kind of my boss (Executive Chef at my restaurant's sister restaurant).

This trip I specifically came for TastyKakes (I guess it's an east coast thing; think Hostess, but not as sweet. Also the majority of my bill at $13 for 2 family packs and 5 indiviual packs) and 75-cents per pound broccoli crowns (pretty much the only vegetable my 2-year old will willingly eat) and ended up getting a really good deal on shucked fresh corn ($1 for a bag of 5 ears), a huge watermelon for $2.98 and bottled water (2 gallons for 99 cents and a case of 12 sport-top nestle pure lifes for $1.18).  Oh, and I received the 2 free items that week :)


Bottom Line: 
Occasional good deals on produce and protein. Clean but not worth me driving 15 minutes on the freeway (aside from the few and far between TastyKake cravings) when I have a Fresh&Easy, Albertson's and Smith's walking distance from my home.
Visited Glazier's for the first time the other day .  I felt that it was the very impressive market that all have described, HOWEVER my visit was during an early Thursday afternoon when there must have been no more than about ten customers in the whole gigantic store.  The fresh meat selection was huge and extensive (as was the fresh seafood counter).  How can they turn over such large quantities of fresh perishables with apparently so few customers??

I had purchased some fresh perch for dinner that looked very good when in the store.  Unfortunately I had to throw it out when I got home as it was spoiled and also had a slight smell of highly diluted bleach (an old butchers trick to mask off-odors).. . . . Also, the single check out lady on duty took almost 8 minutes to process my small (11 item) collection of groceries.  She was much too talkative and even though I had paid with simple cash, was very very slowwwww.
Added star for the fresh large pizza for $8.99 special that's freshly made and oven cooked.  

It was very good!!
The fresh made pizza is DELISH! Cheese pizza is only $8.99 and you can add toppings for $1 each. I love that it is fresh, I saw the guy stretch the dough out right after I ordered. Flavor was great, next time I will ask for mine to be "extra crispy" because I like it crunchier.
Brewed Iced Tea: They carry some but not my favorite brand.

This is place is full of pros and cons.. hence the 3 stars.

The meat CAN be cheap at times - however if you know anything about quality you'd see that it just isn't here 65% of the time. The chicken sits in it's own bloody juices and you can kinda smell it through the packaging. I stopped buying the chicken there because it was poorly butchered and more often than not, simply pasts its prime. HOWEVER, I have found great deals on pork and beef. Flank steak for about 4.50 a pound? That's effing fantastic. I also love that they make their own sausages AND that I can buy them without the casing. Expensive but it's something I'm willing to put up with.

The fish is almost always cheaper at Albertsons and sometimes Vons. However this place does have more white fish options. 

I love the produce set up. It's much larger and fuller than surrounding grocery stores however.. it shows. You pick up one onion to find a rotting one under it. A lot of stuff there is about 2 days away from showing rot. I usually come here to stock up on avocados - almost always a good price and their cilantro is usually around .33 to .50 cents a bunch. I also stocked up on some rainier cherries for 1.88 a pound. That's better than SAMS!

The off brand bread is always cheap and a good deal, milk is a little over $2 per gallon, and their shredded cheese is at least $3 more expensive than the Vons across the street.

I come here almost every week and take advantage of whatever fresh stuff I can find and the sometimes good prices and then head over to vons for other stuff as needed.
This is my 3rd review for Glazier's.  Gee whiz, how do I find the time?  Actually, this time I'd like to focus on their prepared food items/pizza/salad bar/gelato.

I have tried the pepperoni roll-ups, swedish meatballs, and some other easy prep items from Mrs. G's prepared food area.  None of which was worth trying again.  I'm sadden to say this, really I am.  None of the items had any zip, taste, or verve.  

The fiancee and I recently purchased one of their 'new' pizzas.  It's not a NY style, not a deep dish, not a thin/crispy crust.  It's somewhere between a NY and a hmm.... no words to describe it.  The pizza chef/manager told us Glazier's recently (within the last 4 months) changed their pizza recipe.  I wonder why?  Was it not selling, too many complaints, or too many whiny commentors?  So, the new version we brought home was okay and definitely worth forgetting about.  The sauce on the pizza really was quite upsetting.  I personally don't enjoy munching on tomatoes; the pizza had huge chunks of them in their sauce!

Ahh the good ole salad bar.   How I love thee.  So fresh, so clean, so good.  My fingers want to keep piling vegetables in my to-go container when I'm around thee.  But at $6.88 per lb. I must  exercise restraint, for I have already created a 2 lb. + monster from your bed of greens.  

Remembering when Glazier's first opened, they had fresh dipped ice cream available by the scoop.  Ice cream is good but, I have to be in the mood for it.  However, recently there's been a change in the freezer to GELATO!  This stuff, gelato, yummy goodness, I'm always in the mood for!  COOKIES AND CREAM and MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP are my weaknesses.  Glazier's carries both!  WHY, damn it!  However, at $3.79 for 3 scoops I cannot cower at the price, I'd be willing to pay double or perhaps triple (and have paid 5x the amount for the same thing at the Forum Shops @ Caesar's).

Though Glazier's needs some work on the Mrs. G's prepared foods and pizza, they're doing a mighty fine job on their salad bar!  And whomever decided to replace the ice cream with authentic Italian  gelato, I'm coming over to give you a big kiss (j/k).
Upscale and slightly more expensive I would compare it to Hagan's in the Pacific Northwest or Foodland in Hawaii.

The aisles are wide and the store is really clean. We were even able to find some poke here (which wasn't too bad). The lady behind the counter was also from Hawaii. She was like, "Eh, wea u frum?" Funny how everyone changes up from proper mainland English to pidgin once they think they see Locals. So we struck up a nice pidgin conversation with her. 

Anyway, we found most of the stuff we needed to make dinner that night here. The poke was a bonus.

There's plenty of parking out front.
Glazier's basically takes your traditional grocery store and makes everything better.  Instead of starbucks they use illy; the deli counter is enormous and stocked full of boar's head cold cuts; the meat and seafood departments offer great looking food.

Everyone in the store is helpful and friendly and the produce section along with the entire store seems so clean and neat.  As Misti stated in her review the store has several ready-to-eat counters and you can easily grab a quick meal to eat there or take with you on a quick work lunch.  Overall, I'm very impressed with Glazier's and plan on making it a place I visit frequently.
I absolutely love this store!! Great prices! Great product, produce.. It caters to single families, but also has many bulk items.. 
I shop here just about every week.. It's one of my favorite stores in las vegas!
I dream of strange things. Midgets with ponytails, a one armed man juggling Faberge eggs, and a sober Lindsay Lohan at a PTA meeting stroking  the head of her child who isn't retarded or born addicted to cocaine.  Strange dreams. Sometimes situations can affect your dreams. I once was asleep on a raft in the middle of the Indian ocean and on the third day I dreamed that I was taking a shower in stardust and soaping up Judith Light, not now Judith Light, but second season of Who's the Boss Judith Light...I am not that sick. When I was living in Pago Pago for a few months while on the run from Romanian VCR smugglers, I dreamed that I was being smothered by a giant coconut with a needle stuck in it...long story.  Lastly when I was...um...in college (for 11 years after good behavior deductions)...I dreamed of supermarkets. Standing in front of the commissary staring at Pall Mall, Marlboro and 2 kinds of spam your mind races, your heart yearns and  your bowels release at the thought of a fully stocked supermarket.

In Las Vegas the only time your bowels release is if you dare to eat the "manager's special" meats at Smith's...hell if you even touch it you feel a dribble...or leakage if you prefer. Smith's you don't dream of unless you hate humanity. Albertson's you don't dream of unless you dream of gouging humanity. Von's...maybe...if you dream low.  No, you dream of Glazier's Food Marketplace.  

The first thing that Glazier's is that it is clean. It is exceptionally clean. I would lick the floor, not that I wouldn't most places, but this one wouldn't send me to the hospital. It was strange being in Las Vegas and seeing such a clean store. It is Las Vegas. Las Vegas is either beautiful, clean, new and sexy...or dirty, disgusting, usually high on meth and on the verge of collapse...thankfully Glazier's is the former.  Glazier's is the sponsor to Smith's dirty disgusting, homeless drug addict. You have seen them in NA. Glazier's is all clean, reciting the steps, he has an inspirational story to tell. Smith's is eating flies off of their shirt and sweating profusely. 

Next thing you notice about Glazier's is that it is cheap. Not like Von's where the specials are cheap and the rest is very expensive. Glazier's special are great and their normal prices are excellent. It has the price point of Smith's without the chance of hepatitis or food poisoning. 

Now look around and see all of the different sections for you to peruse... Seafood section, deli, butcher, bakery, pizza place, fresh sushi, and on and on. The sushi is better than Whole Foods or Trader Joe's and a much better price. The fish is fresh and it tastes really great.  The baked breads are very good, the donuts are amazing and the pastries are great.  They also import baked breads, cheesecakes from Carnegie Deli and other great items from quality vendors.  They have a sausage factory...okay...read that again...SAUSAGE FACTORY. I am not talking about Cherry on a Saturday night...I am talking about real sausage. 

The fruit and vegetable selection is excellent, it is cheap and it is fresh. I bought vine ripened Beefsteak tomatoes for .88/lb. Outstanding. Bought some great oranges, mushrooms, and scallions.  

Lastly, for all of you have done time...I mean spent time...in the East cost you know that there is only one good sweet treat...and virtually no one has it in Las Vegas.  Tastycakes. Yes, dear reader...Tastycakes. They are the best desert a human being can buy. Glazier's has them because they have an east coast history.

If you like good food. If you like different foods. If you like good deals. If you like clean. If you like self respect. If you like Pilipino biker chicks...sorry...wrong review...then you will like Glazier's.  Just remember this dear readers...never ever stand on you cart and tell them that there is only one thing more beautiful than Glazier's Food Marketplace and pull down your pants.  No matter how right you are...they have to pretend like they don't like it. Damn Puritans...you ruined this country!
I haven't officially been here, but the Concierge has brought me donuts from here on two occasions (he said they were 60 cents a piece- cheap, right?)- he brought over a whole box! I had the scrumptious apple fritter, which is enormous, and eat in four parts! The other assorted donuts looked good but it's not my taste (chocolate or glazed). The Concierge raves about it (and mentioned today that there will be a 2nd location in the Eastern/Horizon Ridge area- near my FIL), and one day we might make it there- but it's way the hell out there (from us).
I completely adore this store. I have been going here almost since the week it opened. Not much I have seen you can complain about even if you want to complain. You walk and someone always says hi, every section has someone in it for help. It seems everyone who works here knows the entire store. You could not ask for a friendlier staff.

They have a little of everything. The produce is as good as you would get at a fresh farmers market only cheaper. I get almost all my produce there. I love the fact that some of the fresh fruit tells you where it was from. Thier watermelon and some of thier apples this week come from a farm in sandy valley with the farmers name on it.

They have a real butcher!  One night I was in shopping and they were out of the steaks they had on sale and the butcher said oh wait let me cut you some before I leave and asked how thick I wanted them.Hamburger and chicken is almost always on sale. Normally 80% lean for under two dollars. Seafood section if great as well. Only complaint I would have is they don't always know how to cook some of the fish but I have only had that happen once. Never trying to cook flounder again. I haven't tried thier deli meat yet. 

Premade salads are very yummy as well. My favorite is the macaroni. Made fresh daily I think. You can try any of thier salads if you ask . I always attempt to try a new one when ever I go in. Only one i havent liked and gotten yet is the pesto salad. I am not a big pesto person but for pesto it wasn't bad. The olive bar and fresh salad bar are out standing. I get the salad or pizza for lunch all the time. If you like the pizza crispy they will throw it in the oven for a minute and crisp it up.For the most part thier prices are great. Some things are a bit much but over all  I have to say this is the best grocery store I have been to. Also thier baby food procedes and pet procedes go back to the comnuity to support rescues and shelters. I love the support of our local comminuty. 

Yes I know this is a bit long but if you shop here at all you could probably go on for ever about it. Oh one of thier best buys is the doughnut special after 7 pm. If they have any left its buy a dozen get on free.
Glazier's is the best market that I've been to in Las Vegas.  It is somewhat like a toned-down Whole Foods.  They have a wide array of selections available to eat now, much like Whole Foods, but it won't cost you your Whole Paycheck (get it?).  The seafood selection is actually larger than Whole Foods, and the meat selection is very nice too.  

When you walk around Glazier's you will notice it is not much different than your neighborhood market, but it is the small details that make Glazier's different.  For example, walking by the back section, you see many exact brands you see at most market, but then you will see Chinese Sausage.  What a random, but ridiculously cool, thing to find in a supermarket.  

I usually spend about an hour in Glazier's because it takes me 30 minutes just to get the meat and fish I want.  I also really like the Family Meal Deal's they have.  The deals change weekly, but are usually something like: "buy one of these 5# beef roasts and get a bag of potatoes, 6 pack of waters, 12 pack of bread rolls, package of lettuce, 1# bag of carrots, and BBQ sauce for free".  They usually aren't quite as random as my example, but you get the point.  I usually only have to spend about $10 on a roast I may have bough either way, and I get a bunch of stuff for free.  Great deal.  

I live on the other side of town (east tropicana) and I still come here about once a week to do my grocery shopping.  It's definitely worth it!
My dad and I decided to check this place out since we've been hearing so much good things about it and boy was a blown away. 

I have only been here once, but I know I'll be coming back. We did a quick sweep through the store however, I am impressed, this place is so clean. And when i first walked in the smell and aroma of this store was mouth watering, a smokey flavorful smell from the grill, the sweet smell of the bakery-tantalizing. They have a sushi area, a bakery and they also have already made food from side dishes to fried chicken. I believe I saw that they make party platters too! 

On the way in, I was thoroughly impressed that the owners are supporting their local farmers here, since the watermelons that they were selling was from here! Bravo! I am all for supporting local produce. 

Since I have already went grocery shopping at smiths the day before, I didn't have to buy anything, but I did buy some Limes, 12 count for a dollar! Great deal and the limes were not to ripe and not picked to early. :) 

I will be back and then you will have my full Review!!! SO far Thumbs Up!
Seriously, why don't I have a Glazier's Food Marketplace near my home? This is like a Bristol Farms, Whole Foods, and Gelson's rolled into one without the attitude and high prices. This was like my dream grocery store.

They have everything you could ask for...a crazy selection of every prepared food you could want (including a seating area with a baby grand piano...yeah, a freakin' piano,)  ice cream counter including gelato, full service bakery, full service meat counter including a sausage factory, beautiful cheese selection, huge liquor and wine section, and a large selection of groceries, international foods, gluten free foods, and fresh produce. All of this grocery goodness comes to you at a reasonable price and the staff is friendly and helpful.

Glazier's is everything I could ask for in a neighborhood grocery store...except for the fact that it is 255 miles from my house. *sadface*
We always rec'd their ads in the mail and had been meaning to pay a visit and we were finally in the area so we stopped in.

I felt like Glaziers was a combination of whole foods (for the organic options at a lower cost), smith's (they've got a deli and cooked cooked), and a mini-costco (because they have samples) all wrapped up in one. Their prices were just a tad cheaper for some things and about the same or a little more expensive for the other things that we were comparing. 

My husband was like a kid in a candy store finding all the things that we usually buy at other places, here at a nice price :)
Glazier's a regular stop each week for groceries. They have great specials for fresh meat and seafood. Mrs. G label deli meats are a good value, too. The Mrs. G wheat bread is all I buy these days. Produce prices are among the best around. What else is great is the variety of everything... so many brands you won't find elsewhere. I appreciate a little adventure in my shopping, which is likely why I enjoy Glazier's so much.
This is a great neighborhood market - not too big or too small. They have excellent freshly-made sushi daily and will gladly make up a custom tray on the spot. Produce, meats, and seafood always seem to be fresh and in good supply. There's also a nice wine and beer section. I haven't tried their other prepared foods yet, but they seem to draw the customers. The employees are friendly and helpful and it's easy to navigate in this store. The only thing I wish they had was a recycling bin for plastic bags, although there is one for bottles. But overall, I always enjoy shopping here.
This is my favorite market. Definitely a mom and pop place. I like how this place is good for people who want to cook for themselves. they have great foods that are easily prepared. The deli section if my favorite part. Prices are very good when on sale. The meat department is also great in price compared to other grocery stores. Great selections in deserts as well. And when you're looking for something quick they have a section where they have already prepared the meal and all you have to do is go home and heat it up. 

They also have a great selection in Asian aisle

Very clean and nice staff.... LOVE IT!
I love this place! As an east coast transplant, I have missed a lot of snacks and brands from there. When I first walked in I was greeted by the delicious aroma of hand tossed pizza. As I ventured further into the store, I came across a table full of tasty cakes and drakes cakes. Both junk food staples of my youth. They have an entire section in the chips aisle dedicated to wise potatoe chips. They have an entire aisle dedicated to Hispanic foods like Goya, that reminded me of the old bodegas back home. The one thing that holds them back from getting 5 stars is their prices. They do have some great deal like in the produce area, but the general merchandise is a little on the high end, much like Vons (which u guess is still not bad considering Vons has hundreds of stores and Glaziers only has one).
I love this grocery store. it's ginormous and the fresh fruit here is great. (and greatly priced!) They offer a wide selection of everything. The only thing I wish they would have more of a selection of is the natural and organic foods along with some greek yogurt. Other than that this place lets me walk around for hours finding new things to make at home. (and getting me hungry along the way.)
The staff is friendly, helpful, and can help answer any question you may have.
Goodness gracious! I love Glazier's. From their gelato and excellent customer service in the meat department, how can I not complain. They carry varieties of produce, products, and even have their own isle of Naked juice. =)

Their pricing is not so expensive, and seems to be neat every time I come in. What got me is that their seafood area had ahi poke! Ahh I am in heaven lol. You will not go hungry in this store, and you will know what you want by the time you get out.
Wow, we came into Glazier's on Christmas day looking for an amazing seafood deal for our fancy dinner for two. Low and behold, LIVE LOBSTER $7.77/lb, and to top it off they will steam them for free! We walked out the door with 2 lobster, 2 small rib-eyes and some other necessities for our fab Christmas dinner. Everything in the meat and seafood department looked amazingly fresh and the prices were VERY competitive. Hands down my favorite grocery store. This was just a friendly reminder of why.
Glazier's and Von's are the closest stores to my house.  In that i eat out  75% of the time , i only hit the grocery store every 2-3 weeks.  I've hit Glazier's at least 10 times since they opened.  My basic recommendation  is when you walk into the store, stay to your left - the bakery, the deli and the seafood/meat sections are AWESOME .  

The deli meats are a little on the high side ...WORTH IT !

The seafood selection - great !  few weeks ago got 21-25 Shrimp for $4/pound -- GREAT ! 

I picked up lobsters ( for bisque ) and a prime rib roast for Christmas dinner - PERFECT !

Donuts ...60 cents each - NICE 

They make their own sausage - about 6-7 types to try - I'VE TRIED THEM ALL !  

Have to knock them one star - the right side of the store ain't cheap but they do have some unique items you can't find at other grocery stores in the Valley.

I have few decent restaurants in my area but i at least have a grocery store that's a cut above !
I really can't say enough good things about this place but I'll put a few of them here so you get the idea. :)

I'm a cab driver here in Las Vegas and I've been to just about every supermarket and specialty store as I love to cook.  The quality of the products here in Glazier's in amazing and while some of the prices may be just a little higher, if you check their weekly ad, you'll find more than enough things to balance out your shopping budget to splurge on really great items.

Glazier's has a weird habit of taking customer's recommendations and bring those items in (AWESOME right?).  You can tell which ones they are as they have tags showing that they are a new item which has been requested.  As I haven't yet found the need to request any particular item, I'm not quite sure how to go about doing this, but I'm sure the very helpful and attentive staff knows how.

They have a lot of items you can't generally find in other stores including UNOs frozen pizzas, a full assortment of Tastykake and Drake's snack cakes, a decent Hawaiian section as well as other things like frozen whole duck or a brick of Scrapple.

This is not your regular grocery store and even if it's out of the way, it's definitely worth going to.  I live almost 10 miles away and I'll make the drive at least once a week!
The manager of this store should pay attention this kind of attitude.
Their meats are good, so I go there. One star rating is for last visit only.
This cashier didn't say hi or thank you. What kind of sales person is that?
They don't have to be overly friendly, but they should at least say thank you.
Great place to shop, they have sugar free salad dressings & choc syrp. Hard to find items R here. Love it
Glaziers is now selling another hometown favorite. Pastosa Ravioli, Gnocchi, Stuffed Shells and Mancotti. 
I grew up a few miles from Pastosa in NY. It made the freshest pasta. 
I have not had it is in so long. I forgot how good it was. 
We had it last night for dinner. It was great, brought back a lot of memories. 
Thanks again Mr. G!
A thank you note to Mr. and Mrs. Glazier...

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Glazier:

Thank you so much for hating retirement to the point of opening up the best grocery store in Las Vegas.  And a big thank you for when building said store that you were nice enought to build it less than two miles away from my house - that was very thoughtful of you!  Thank you also Mrs. G for not keeping your amazing recipies a secret and sharing the deliciousness with us!  Thank you for having friendly, helpful employees. You have my loyalty forever.

Warmest Regards,
Lorrie

Seriously though... Hubby actually likes shopping here!  I LOVE shopping here!  Best produce in town without the Whole Foods snob markup!  Love the deli, Love the food court, Love the bakery, Love, Love, Love, Love the meat section!  Everything is fresh, delicious and affordable.  I really love that you can find stuff here that you can't find anywhere else.  This has pretty much turned into my store of choice.  I buy all my produce, meat, bread and some dairy here now.  Yes, the right hand side of the store could be more reasonably priced but I don't mind paying for the excellent customer service and the convenience of such a well stocked store.
I was prepared to be totally wowed by Glazier's.  After all, it has all these great reviews.  It's also listed every week in the RJ Wednesday Food section as THE place to find all those goodies from "back wherever you came from" that you can't find in Vegas.

Warm Springs and Durango isn't anywhere near where I live, so we made it a day trip.  Yeah, it's big.  Much bigger than I expected.  The Minneola oranges were on sale for a very good price, right near the door where we entered.  Then I saw the Acme Smoked Whitefish Salad, and thought I'd died and gone to heaven.  And then...nothing.

Yes, there's a food court.  We tasted gelato.  Okay, but just.  We tasted tuna salad at the deli.  Okay, but Von's is better.  The New York potato salad - ghostly white and drowning in mayo - looked like the kind I wouldn't touch at Pathmark, before its recent well-deserved demise.  Away from the deli counter, it looked like most any other supermarket.  Prices were slightly lower on some things and higher on most others.  

I'm thinking that maybe when they have a good sale, you can really score here.  Maybe.  I only glanced at the meat counter, and that looked spectacular, but I rarely buy meat.

I did see a few items from back East that I know don't exist in the other local supermarket here, but they're not the stuff that my dreams are made of.  I will say that the employees were extremely friendly and solicitous, and they deserve big kudos.

I think I've been Wegmanized.  Wegman's, that fabulously unique supermarket chain that wended its way down from upstate New York to parts of NJ and PA, is like no other.  It's not close to me there either, but it's an outing that I look forward to when I'm back east.  I can't say the same for Glazier's.  That is, of course, unless I get an unexpected craving for Acme Smoked Whitefish.  But I'm too old to be pregnant.
I've been shopping here since they opened. I can't believe I've never Yelped them before. It's an awesome Mom & Pop store. You'd never think that the largest supermarket in Vegas is a locally owned one. How awesome is that? The place feels like Whole Foods but without the high prices. Not that they're the cheapest in town, but they are competitive. It's a very spacious store and that really contributes to a great shopping experience. It helps that they are fairly close to my house. If I'm faced with a choice between Glazier's and Albertson's/Smith's/Vons, I'll pick Glazier's every time.
Great meat fish market...clean and friendly service!
Finally I can buys the things I need to make sauce taste like back east! When I made it through the door I was in shock, i finally felt like I was home! I did a full lap without my wagon to take it all in. My mother in law had told me about this place before but I never went. Really ? Every time someone tells me go somewhere because it's just like New York it never is!! My first visit was for Christmas eve dinner the feast of the seven fishes. The Italian traditional Christmas eve dinner! Everything was perfect! I was just in Glaziers yesterday ordering my daughters birthday cake, and I'm sure it will be amazing! If you get to this market trust me you won't be disappointed! Get yourself some Entenmans coffee cake and a can of chock full of nuts coffee and tell them I sent you!! Ciao :)
LV YELPERS :D

I'm a fan of Glaizer's!!!

I've been coming here since November 2010 :))

When I first came here it was 6am on Thanksgiving day... I was looking for last minute items for my feast! :D I was soo hypnotized by the freezer section! I thought I was in ice cream heaven... bright lights and all the ice cream you could ever dream of! wow!

Love the prices, selection, and the staff is really friendly!
Parking is never a problem and I love their hours.

Things I love from Glaizer's:
- ahi shoyu poke
- Boar's products (fresh cuts of turkey, ham, cheese, chicken) make sure to stop by here and place your order then shop around while your order is in process! when they are busy, it may take up to 15-20 mins. until your order is ready to go.
- Their Hawaiian section! good stuff for us local folks...
- Stuffed chicken breast

I get everything here!
Veggies, fruits, poultry, meats, juices, can goods, bread, cereals...

I try to keep my visits under an hour because I can get carried away looking at everything! ha.

I try to come here once a week when I'm passing by the cut off to stock up my kitchen with Glazier goods since I live further north!... so it's all about timing!

My favorite grocery store in Vegas for sure!

Don't forget to bring your recycle shopping bags!

-Miss Yelp 2011
The beer selection at Glazier's is worth a review update alone. Last time I was there, I was surprised to see they had Ranger IPA for $7.99 - $1 less than Smith's regular price. Today, I was even more surprised that their beer selection has grown dramatically. Or maybe I just never noticed it before.

I picked up a 6-pack of Deschutes Black Butte Porter for $8.49. They also carry Deschutes Mirror Pond Pale Ale and Inversion IPA. In addition, they have other brews from New Belgium and Stone, and they carry Dogfish Head 60-minute IPA (though that comes with a hoppier price tag of $10.99... IIRC).

Sure you could find an equal or better selection at Lee's or Total Wine. But this is a freakin' grocery store!

While I'm on review update mode, another great thing about Glazier's is their support of local products. On weekends, they have various vendors handing out samples  la Costco. One particular owner was selling a family recipe BBQ sauce. The label says "Originated on Grandpappy's Cattle Drive. Henderson, Nevada." I couldn't resist showing him some love and picking up a jar.
My food boner went from 6 to midnight after walking in here. 

I'll never shop at another grocery store. Vons lost my business the second I took a look inside this place and shopped there for the first time.

I highly recommend shopping here if you live in the area. Highly.
Glazier's is Costco, Mariana's, Lee's, Whole Foods, and International Marketplace all rolled into one!

Great Selections, reasonable prices, and they've even got an aisle with  Hawaiian goodies from home...Hopefully more locations open up around town and take over all the other not so popular markets...ALOHA!!!
A quick update to add some extra stars. Glaziers are really starting to hit their stride and have a heap of options not available elsewhere.

They seem pretty good about picking up customer suggestions so I'm hoping for some of my favourites to be added. Here's hoping!
Where have I been? Under a rock?  We recently drove past Glazier's after visiting a friend in the hospital in that neck of the woods. I was intrigued but we didn't have time to stop. We mentally made a note to try it out sometime.  After breakfast at Cracked Egg, we made our way to that shopping center. 

I'd say we do about 85% of our grocery shopping at Fresh and Easy because of the prices but the selection isn't great. The other 15% is usually Smith's or Albertson's. Sometimes they have good sales but it's kind of hit or miss. The selection is decent.  I enjoy Whole Foods but the prices are usually too high and it's a bit out of the way for us. 

As a previous reviewer mentioned, "Glazier's is Costco, Mariana's, Lee's, Whole Foods, and International Marketplace all rolled into one."  Before I read that, I thought, "Fresh and Easy and Whole Foods rolled into one."

I LOVED the selection and the prices were decent. Some items were excellent, some I expected to be a little high (organic brands like Amy's). 

I will definitely be back again. We were actually able to eliminate another stop we thought we were going to have to make because we found exactly what we needed at Glazier's.
My husband and I had some of our first dates walking the isles of the local grocery stores in Hawaii, looking at what was available. We knew then, that food, our first love, would play a part in our relationship, and years later, we still have fun searching grocery store isles. 

Glazier's food marketplace is a very unique store, walking in seeing the hay stacked around the old truck you know that this isn't the usual grocer. Once you enter you are introduced to the freshest produce. There are boxes stacked with the brightest golden yellow, vivid red and emerald green bell peppers, or sometimes it fresh berry's. Your eyes are jumping around at all the baskets, the stacked boxes and barrels of vegetables and fruits. Finally, your eyes find the white sign placed before the object of delight and you see the price, you take a double take and then a moment of disbelief before you realize it's not a misprint. Prices are reasonable. 

If you veer off to the left of the entrance, you find the fresh food counters, there is gelato and sushi, drinks, and sandwiches, straight ahead is a baby grand piano, (have yet to see anyone playing it) and it's surrounded by tables and chairs for eating your fresh bought salad from the salad bar, or the fresh baked double chocolate cookies or donuts from the bakery. There is a large selection of fresh cheeses and sausages, I even found my beloved pimiento cheese spread (childhood memory, spread on toast, makes a great sandwich). 

As you make your way around to the back of the store, you find the meat counter, on display is fresh meats and fishes. If you want a food basket, they can make one up for you. They have a fairly decent wine selection, a comprehensive international area covering several isles, and the rest of the store is just like any other grocery store with the exception of Hawaii products, if you check the freezer isle, you find Zippi's chili, Redondo's Portuguese sausage and even siamin noodles. 

If you come regularly you can find some really good deals, and with the purchase of $25, you can pick up at least two free items, they change weekly, or the family meal deal. It is a bit off the beaten path for us (Warm Springs and Durango), we tend to stay more north of the 215 but since it's not too far from us, we try to make it in at least monthly.   A very clean, friendly store worth stopping in.
After many many years of waiting, drum roll please Vegas now has MY T Fine pudding!!!!!
I was reading the taste section in the review journal and the writer posted this as so many people ask for it. 
My dad was kind enough to go get some for me, good thing, there were only 5 left. Yeah, pudding for dinner. 

Also another recent find in this wonderful food mecca the NY potato salad. It tasted exactly how it did in the delis in NY. 

Do I dare ask Mr G if he can now get the Entenmann's Brownie Crumb Ring??
Went here to pick up some King's Hawaiian Rolls for my son's preschool class because I was in the neighborhood. Holy Shnikies! Its like the Disneyland of grocery stores. The first thing you see is their HUGE food court with take out, cakes, deli, and the GELATO BAR! Its gorgeous with Dulce De Leche staring me in the face. Luckily I was in a hurry and didn't succumb to the temptation. Everyone was friendly and had a smile on my face. A gentleman (I forgot to get his name because I was busy telling my monkeys "NO" and "Stop that") offered to help me out. 

What an awesome store. Unfortunately, it isn't close to me but I will definitely stop again when i'm in that neck of the woods.
I cook a lot so i frequent the neighborhood grocery stores a lot....Glaziers is really close to my house and next to petco another place i visit ALOT  and  they always have everything i need despite the fact tht its not a massive sized store, Their butcher and meat area is especially nice nice if you cook alot they alays have whole fish (not just flimsy filet's) and they will cut something special for you if they do not have the size of cut you want already out.The staff is very friendly and helpful. Also they're sandwiches are verrrry good my bf was addicted to them for a while. And as far as prices i find its cheaper when i shop there, the only other place i go is Smith's for the same reasons.
This supermarket is pretty awesome. When you walk in, you can immediately smell the baked goods from their bakery. Everyone who works here is friendly. It's nice to see Mr. Glazier walking around all the time, making sure everything is going well. There is a great selection of products and if you want something stocked there, you can request it. Afraid you won't get your request? Don't be. They work hard to get it in stock. If you really pay attention to some of the foods they have here, you can see labels that say "REQUESTED ITEM" and there are tons of those. They have tons of different prepared foods you can take home and a huge salad bar. Prices vary, it's not the cheapest but it's not the most expensive. This is probably one of the neatest supermarkets I've seen.
I just love the vibe here. It has the Whole Foods feel without the price tag.  
I buy good quality greeting cards here since they're 50% off.  Big assortment of baked good, meats, seafoods, etc. They have a small Hawaiian selection and they sell Poke. Prices are reasonable.
Prices are higher/the same as competitors. The salad bar is unique- I'll give them that. My 1 star rating is for the inappropriate service I had from the checker. I have also found out they are non-union (no wonder their service is sub-par). I spoke to a manager who said that he was surprised that I got bad service because of all the compliments they get from others... He only apologized after I asked him why he wasn't sorry that I had a bad experience. There are too many grocery stores in the area to be bothered by bad service.
I really like how different this grocery store feels. Their deli is amazing and this store seems to want to bring a little bit of every ones favorite hometown grocery item.
This store is the best in town.  If there is something you want they will get it for you. Food is always fresh and the cakes and baked goods are also good
Wow.  This all-in-one grocery store is better than the chains we usually go to, and I'm so happy that I'll soon be living right next door to this place.  They keep it immaculate, well stocked, and the service is great.  They have everything you can think of, from cakes to frozen fish, fresh sausage to a fresh pizza.  I could eat there every day for lunch, really.  Great prices, too.
I enjoy going to this place because they offer a variety of Hawaii/international products throughout the store not just a small section like most store that carry Hawaii/international products. more relaxing environment then albertson, smith, vons. go there late at night and score 24 donuts for couple dollars usually $1-2 a piece most places. good selection of seafood, meat, and beer. fresh vegetables. already made individual meals are awesome better than the frozen package meals.
I used to love shopping at Glazier's. USED to love it. Today I went in for my usual Monday morning grocery run. Since I have a new iPhone I wanted to take a photo to post with my Yelp review. So I'm over by the bakery section and this employee comes out and just starts yelling at me "You can't take pictures in here! That is AGAINST COMPANY POLICY!" And on and on and on. I mean, what kind of store doesn't allow photography of any kind? Makes me wonder what the hell they are trying to hide! 

So after this incident I asked where the stated policy was that said "no photos." No signs posted anywhere. But when I started looking around the store, I noticed more and more customer un-friendly signs. "All backpacks and bags must be checked." "We can refuse service to anyone." "All bakery boxes will be opened and checked." And top it off, the store has these hulky looking security guards that wander the store and will follow you around! Glazier's makes me feel like a thief! I've concluded that you should only shop here if you want to be made to feel like a second class citizen or shoplifter. Seriously!

I'm really sad about this because it is such a nice store. Great produce and while it's too expensive for everyday grocery shopping, the wide aisles and wide assortment make it fun to look around. 

Of course, one dissatisfied customer is worse than having 100 happy customers because, believe me, I am going to share this story with everyone I know. I don't think Glazier's wants to upset the upper middle class community so they might want to rethink the unfriendliness of the store. Instead of shopping at Glazier's, it's going to be Whole Foods only for me.
Someone else said, "Fresh and Easy meets Whole Foods." I think that's pretty accurate. Glazier's has a great selection of produce and ethnic ingredients. They also have a super bakery, gelateria, coffee counter, deli, and meat/seafood section. In addition, there are a variety of prepared meals if you aren't the cooking type and just want to warm something up, but don't want Lean Cuisine or Hungryman again. The people who work there have always been really friendly and helpful. The ladies at the deli counter are particularly friendly and they have a station in front of the deli where you can enter your order and come back to pick it up after you're finished with the rest of your shopping rather than waiting.

Someone gave them a one star review because they wouldn't allow her to use her fiance's credit card. I think it's just good business practice to not accept cards when the person presenting them to you does not have his/her name on said card. Someone else said she was not allowed to take pictures. I've taken pictures there without incident so that seems suspect as well.

Overall, this is a great place to shop. I hear they're opening one in Green Valley soon too.
I love this place!! 

Like all super markets prices are ok, unless things are on sale so not gonna address that. What makes this place special is different counters and what they offer. 

Produce: when on sale great prices and fresh, stuff I buy here lasts longer than other groceries. 

Gelato: Get the chocolate, I don't even like sweets but my got it and it's great, not overly sweet with a nice bitter bite. 

Sandwhiches: There is jersey sasndwhich (italian) with great boars head meats, with aged provolone (if you have tried this it's great cheese) the only thing that was ok was the bread, it was not on the same level as the ingredients. 

Pizza: not the best but for $5.99 on wednesdays its the best bang for your buck on wednesday. 

Flowers: wife seems to like the arrangements I have gotten each time so I guess they are good or my wife is jsut happy to get any flowers from me. :)
When I first moved to this side of town my good friend is all "Oh, you'll be close to Glazier's!"  So naturally, I headed there to do some heavy duty grocery shopping.  Bad idea.  Compared to Smith's, the prices here are significantly higher.  I would not recommend doing regular grocery shopping here.

What I would recommend is checking out Glazier's for their usually very cheap produce and their awesome deli.  This place is more expensive than a lot of stores but it is a higher class of grocery shopping.  They offer a lot of unique, hard to find items, and as I mentioned, their deli is amazing.  The prepared salads (i.e. artichoke mozzarella salad) are very fresh and tasty.  Also, I have purchased the Tuna Poke many times and find it to be the best in town!
Glazer-riffic! I LOVE this place! On our way over to a friends party we stopped by this grocery store to pick up a couple things. Right when I walked in the front door I knew this corner market was different than everyone else.

The ceiling is high and the isles are wide and open. There are people cooking everywhere! Icecream  / gelato bar in the front, bakery, butchers, a deli with a million choices...and a hot foot center. YUMMY! I could have stayed here all day looking around at all the goodies. 

The prices were awesome and the people were so friendly. I hope they build one close to my house. I would do all my shopping there. 

If you are in the area you will kick yourself if you do not stop here. Glaziers =Wowziers!~
I usually dread grocery shopping but I feel much better knowing I will eat the best Philly Cheese steak ever before hand. I order their freshly made potato chips to go with it and I'm in bliss! The mix of the melt in your mouth cheese and the crunchy chips is such a great combo. I look forward to coming here so much I try to eat all the veggies and fruits that I buy here on a weekly basis so I can hurry back!
I love Glazier's.  The checkout is fast and courteous and the selection is great.  This place is far superior to the Vons store across the street.  They have a great hot food selection as well those (frequent) times I am too lazy to cook.  This may also be one of the cleanest grocery stores I have ever visited.

What keeps me from giving Glazier's five stars is the fact that they are not a 24 hour store.  Also, I find their coupons tend to be hit or miss.  Seriously, one week it was a free two liter bottle of some sort of crappy generic diet soda.  Yeah, I was beating down the door for that one.  If the coupons were for useful items, I would give five stars.
I am moving an area near Glazier's and I think I am more ecited about being closer to this place than I am about my new house. I come here for the high quality produce. I have noticed that when other grocer's products aren't looking well, Glazier's still has beautiful products. The prepared food is also really good. I usually don't eat grocery store sushi but this wasn't bad. The pizza place is awsome as is the deli. Count me in as one of the people that love this place.
The people are so friendly!

I've been here so many times - but couldn't check in until recently.  The thing was that I was spelling "Glaziers" incorrectly. It is GLAZIERS, not GLACIERS! :)   This isn't my regular shopping place, but because my in laws and brothers live by this store I come once in a while to get my fix of poke.  The last few times I came, it was all bought out.  But when you can find it, it is fresh and good.

The Apple Fritters are a STEAL and so delicious!  It is my WEAKNESS!  

The produce is great, the deli, bakery, butcher is top notch.  We've bought bread, produce, meats, POTATO SALAD.  It is all really good.  

They have a salad bar here as well as prepared food.  I've been trying to get a group of people to come here for lunch so we can try it out sometime.

I did price some items I buy a lot like Kashi Cereal and Quaker Rice Cakes. The prices for those items were not competitive.

Besides that, the place is extremely clean, the employees are stellar and most of their prices work.
Love this store! Lots of fresh produce and items other markets don't sell. Its a pretty large store and every time I go its clean. The breads muffins and pizza are all good but the best was the cake i ordered for my daughters 1st grade class. I placed the order 2 days before told the lady what I wanted and paid. Only 34 bucks for a special order sheet cake. When I came back to pick it up the cake was so much better than I thought it was going to turn out!! I really cant say enough. About an hour later we all got to dig in. The cake was moist and the whipped topping was just right sweet but not over bearing. This will most definitely be my go to place for cakes!
It's not very often you can cruise through your local grocery store and bump into the owner ask for a product not currently on the shelf and it appears a few weeks later.  

Glaziers offers hard to find east coast products flown in special.  The staff is very helpful from the meat counter up to checkout.  The prices are higher the your local Smiths or Albertsons but the offer 2 free items with a $25 purchase which typically offsets the price differential.  

This is my primary market despite the fact that I pass 3 other grocery stores on my way.
It is so nice living right around the corner from this place. Some of the food prices are higher than Wal-Mart, but it's so much more convenient. 

hey have the best prices on meat.
Who writes a review for a grocery store? ME. I don't live in Las Vegas but I visit often and stay right around the corner from Glazier's. I LOVE IT. I would rather come here than go out to eat. Their salad bar is amazing and always fresh and crisp. Their produce selection is phenomenal and decently priced. They have the cheapest food I have ever seen. Granted, I live in a very small town with few options, so I could be exaggerating the awesomeness. But if I lived here I would regularly shop here and eat here!
My summers comprise of late nights driving to various places in the city. Surprisingly enough, Sin City doesn't have many places to go to after midnight that don't involve liquor. But I loved going to Glazier's with my friends after hours. 

The croissants are to die for. Buttery, flaky, and definitely calorie laden. They were the premise of driving to Glazier's until we walked around. The only way to describe it is Whole Foods meets Wal-Mart, in all the best ways. Prepared food is a feast for the eyes as it wrapped around corners, and is everywhere you look. The produce is reasonably priced, and the ethnic food selection is quite impressive for being in suburbia. 

Glazier's is one of my favorite supermarkets in town. If only I lived closer, I'd be here all the time; however, for my waistline, I am grateful I do not.
Glazier's is definitely growing on me. Every time I go in I seem to find another reason I should shop there more often. I usually split shopping with Trader Joe's and Fresh and Easy, along with a stop or two at VONs throughout the week. While Glazier's isn't replacing any of these altogether, it will definitely be added to the rotation. 

Great produce selection at great prices. Fruits and veggies are some of the cheapest in town. Bakery section with deserts is amazing. I have heard the owners are from NY area and I can see the influence in their bakery and desert section. 

You will also find some other east coast brands you do no find elsewhere. I mean i knew when I saw Yancey's Fancy cheese, that these guys were going out of their way to source good brands from back east. 

If you miss an east coast grocery store experience, or would like to find out what a good one is like, check this place out.
So I went shopping here for the first time the other day at the recommendation of a friend and boy was I happy that I followed her advice.  Shopping here was a pleasant experience, as the market was nicely laid out and they were well staffed.  The prices here were fair, and I would say for the quality of the produce and meat products possibly on the lower end.  I really like that they have such a large hot food counter, it's like having 3 mini-restaurants inside the market.  I also like that at their deli counter, you can put in your order and come back and get it when you're done shopping so you don't have to stand around waiting.  I also got some of their shrimp and cooked them for dinner last night, and I'm really happy to say tat they were well cleaned and did not taste fishy or bad, which can happen all to often here in Vegas.

To put it succinctly, I'm really happy that Glazier's is now my local market.
In a city filled with supermarket chain stores, Glazier's is a welcome change.

For the most part, the grocery area is pretty standard, although they do have several specialty items on the shelves.  In the deli meat area, they also have pre-made meals and sides (like mashed potatoes, for example) that are much better than comparable items in other grocery stores.  They also have a great selection of cheeses there, as well as a salad bar.

In addition to the standard grocery store fare, they also have a food counter with several different stations where you can get ice cream, freshly made pizza and fresh deli sandwiches.  There's one other station, but I can't remember what they serve there.

They also have great weekly specials, including some sort of family meal deal.  The deal is meant to feed about four people and usually includes some sort of meat (like a roast), enough veggies to make a side or two and some rolls (or something comparable).  It's usually a very good deal.

I don't think Glazier's can replace the typical supermarket just yet, but it's a very good store and well worth checking out.
Don't let the protesters scare you, this place is rad!
Glazier's might be one of my new favorite places to shop. Their seafood quality and quantity are pretty fresh. We stopped by here to get live lobster. 11.99 a lb and they can steam it for you. We also bought some live clams and they were only 5.99 a lb. I think that Glazier's can be reasonable price wise especially for their fresh seafood, but other things can be pretty pricey. It's clean, efficient and has most everything you might need. I know I will be back to Glaziers to make more delicious meals.
Basically the only thing I can say is go to this grocery store! It is the BEST! The deli, the bakery and the meat dept. are the best I have ever come across. They make everything in the deli themselves. The meat dept has the biggest selection of in house made sausage. They are very good!! 

Now since Las Vegas is such a big melting pot with people coming from all areas of the USA and beyond they really reconize that and carry lots of "hometown" brands. Makes it really nice when you go there and find stuff that noone else in town carries,but you know its special because its from your hometown or state.

Also, this place is amazinly clean. The store is 25 miles one way from my house, but you can only find that shopping experience at Glazier's so it is well worth the drive. Check 'em out for yourselves! I'm confident you will love them also!!
Yelp Challenge!  Started 8/20/2011 (3 of 365) 

If you want to have a different grocery shopping experience that is fun, interesting, and feels like an adventure, then go to Glazier's Food Marketplace.

This place is awesome!

1 star = For the variety.  You come in here, and there is so many things to choose from.  Once you see what is available, you start coming up with all these random ideas on what to cook!

2 stars = For the prepared meals.  There are little shops in there that sell already cooked meals from pizza, to sushi, to sandwiches, and even artisan breads and cakes.  There is even a salard bar for to-go salads!

3 stars = For Mrs. G meals!  Prepared meals!  Pasta salads, egg salads, salmon, chicken, etc.  Too lazy to cook?  Come to Glaizer's and buy some of Mrs. G's meals!

4 stars = Cheese selection.  I have never seen such a huge cheese selection.  I love cheese!

5 stars = Meat selection.  You can order these through a kiosk machine!  

If you don't know what to cook tonight, come to Glazier's.  You will defintely go home with many ideas!
I love this place.  Fresh fruit and vegetable.  Great Grocery Store.  Friendly Service.  Very Big and Clean!
I love Glazier's, so happy is up the street from home.
It's a little taste of PA here in Las Vegas (still waiting for the Yuengling).
Great staff and service. Some of their prices can be a bit high, but their sales are outstanding.
My favorite find is the lobsters, priced great and they'll steam them for you free!
Their bakery rocks too, for doughnuts...go early for the freshest and best variety, they are soft and delicious.
You can even eat lunch or dinner their...pizza, fish and chips, sushi, salad, sandwiches, etc.
Hope they stick around.
Health food and other region items can be affordable! That is the lesson that I have learned from Glazier. Just as long as you go somewhere else for produce. Walking through that section is disappointing when you look at everything else. 

This grocery store carries a good selection of ethnic goods and food stuff from the east coast. I am always trying to be a healthy eater and Glazier might be another step in the right direction.

I love the Bragg's Apple Cider Vinegar drinks, but Glazier has took it a step further by carrying the pure solution for me to mix on my own. For $6, I can make 20+ drinks. That alone screams saving since a bottle of the premix drink cost $2.50. It might not sound so good at first, but it taste like a more tart apple cider. Just follow the instructions on the vinegar bottle.

On top of my discovery, they have a nice food court. The gelato caught my eyes, but I was too full to try.
Sometimes you can find good deals, other times it's not worth the trip. Good products and selections. Friendly staff. Checkers are a little slow and seem like they haven't been trained thoroughly. The checker today didn't even know the number for bananas... It's 4011 by the way. Overall it's a nice place. Prices are okay.
Things I miss about the greater Phoenix area:

1. AJ's
2. Sprouts
3. Smashboxx
4. A select group of friends.
5. That's it.

Today, after reading countless mailers for Glazier's, I finally decided to make the drive to this LOCAL grocery store. It's like Sprouts and AJ's all rolled into one.

Thank God, because the first two on this list were something I grew to love while in Phoenix/Scottsdale.

For those that don't know...AJ's is a local high end chain in the Phoenix area (think Whole Foods but smaller and for the nose up crowd like myself)...and Sprouts is similar to Trader Joe's but the stores are much larger.

Ok, back to Glazier's.

As soon as you stroll in, you are greeted to a very pristine sales floor. Everything looks immaculate! The produce section is perfect, the prices are competitive, and the selection is great! 

The hot deli section has everything from knishes, to pizzas, crab cakes, and even Cincy-style chili. Boom.

The meat section...to die for. 

Everything else is laid out just like any other grocery store, but the rest is still just as clean, and perfect as the entrance.

I am so glad this store is close to my house. There is a location in Henderson if you live out there.

If you read the various rags around town, you'll notice that Glazier's consistently wins "Best Grocery Store" in Las Vegas. There is a reason. This place is the ish.

I can't wait to come back!
You know a supermarket is pretty cool when you go there and you don't even NEED anything. You just wanna walk around! Clean, fully stocked and with its own unique soundtrack, Glazier's is a shopping experience. Where do I begin...

Produce fans rejoice cause not only is there a ton of it, there are great specials! Humming right along with the seasons, whatever fruit or veggie is in its prime, you'll find it right up front. They also have a lot of exotic fruits to choose from which is cool. Make your way further to the left of the store and you'll find one of my favorite things about Glazier's. They serve Boars Head cold cuts. These are the ONLY cold cuts to mess with...you will never buy slimy generic meats ever again. Coming from NY I appreciate any store that carries those fine products. The butcher has tons of prepared/marinated/no work for you meats to choose from, including shish kabobs that look awesome. 

The salad bar is fresh and packed with yummy toppings if you're looking to scarf something down either there in the cafe or at home in front of the TV. I can't even talk about the food court strip in the front of the store...SO wonderful, even if you have a basket of food that you fully intend to cook that night, something there will suck you in. Love the paninis. 

The aisles are wide and they have a great selection of brands, lots that you can't find normally out here. A good example is Ronzoni pasta, a back east fave. 

The staff is super friendly, almost to a fault, since you've now purchased so much food you just want to check out and speed home to eat it all. No rewards program yet though, what's up with that? Oh and by now if you've walked all around the store you've noticed the odd music, it makes me laugh. I've figured out that they play very dramatic instrumental versions of movie music, sometimes I feel like  breaking into interpretive dance. A bit overkill. 

Overall a great shopping experience. I'm so glad it's near my house!
Since I've stopped eating meat there are more cons than pros to this place now. If you live near a Food 4 Less, Sunflower Market, and/or Wal-Mart, I'd advise checking those places out if you're buying mostly fruits and vegetables.

The same issue I complained about before is still the main problem with this store. A LOT of their food is just hours away from expiring so make sure you don't buy more than what you can use in the next 48 hours or really take a look at what you're buying and be selective.
Okay, so I don't even know where to start with this one because this store really is that incredible. If you've lived in Las Vegas for awhile then I'm sure you've traveled or vacationed to other places only to return home and wonder to yourself: "why don't we have any of those cool things they have in ____", well now, we finally have one of those places!  

     Glazier's Food Marketplace, aside from how freakin' cool it is, is also one of those things this city has been in need of for quite some time. In the midst of all the typical chain grocery stores like Smith's, Albertsons, Vons, ther was never really anything that stood out before, which makes Glazier's a breath of fresh air.

     When you first walk in the door you can see rows of fresh produce directly in front of you, but turn to your left and you can immediately see what makes this store different. They have an open market-style feel with fresh pizza, deli, gelatto bar, fresh coffee, sushi and other fish. Turn to your right and there is a self-serve salad bar with a plethora of toppings. Walking towards the back there is a bakery to your left, a full service deli salad counter to your right, a huge sausage ad meats counter in the back with all kinds of fresh cuts. Next to that there is a seafood counter with a wide selection and they even steam your crab for free! Just before your make the last turn to the right to head to the grocery isles there is a deli meats and cheese counter and this is what tops the list. To order your sandwhich meats and cheeses you first walk up to a kisok, choose what you want as much as you like, touch the screen to submit your order and it prints you out a reciept to take along with an order number and you can choose to have it text you when your order is complete! If you decide to wait while they work, there are screens that tell you which of the four stations are working on your order and you can watch your meats sliced fresh! It's nice for busy people to not have to wait at the counter all night on someone that has no idea what they want, because the most time consuming part of the process is moved out to a kiosk. Best idea ever in a grocery store. That wraps up the open market syle area with classy neon signs along the walls and a seating area with a live piano playing while you have a bite to eat.

     As you go down the rest of the grocery isles, you can tell there is a much wider selection of things you wouldn't find in a typical grocery store. All kinds of specialty items so unique, and hard to find, like chocolate soda lol. The prices on some of these things are a little higher than other stores, but you cannot beat the prices they have on fresh food. Glazier's has rows and rows of fresh, in-house prepaired food for you to take home and use or finsh. Their pastries section is unrivaled in selection and price. The best part of all is when time came to check out, they had all 8 of their checklanes open and four more express self checkout lanes bringing the total to 12. How often do you see ANY store with 100% of their checklanes open? Yeah.

     I could literally ramble on all day about how amazing this grocery is, but all I can really say is to go check it out for yourself. When you do go, be sure to leave yourself plenty of time to wonder through the store. You are guranteed to find something you will love, but giver yourself the time to see it all. We didn't have enough time to take it all in, though I already can't wait to go back and check it out again. It's 24 miles from my house in Centennial Hills but plan on making the trip frequently as I know it will be worth it. This city is lucky to have such a wonderful, local store to shop for food. This is a very unique place and everyone in this city is missing out if you don't go. Thank you for opening this Mr. and Mrs. Glazier, retirement is overrated anyway lol.
Love Glazier's!  I have been shopping here since they opened and I hae NEVER any problems, except maybe over-eating.  So much good food!  Just from the deli counter: chocolate covered bananas, illy coffee, fresh sushi, fresh baked pizza, panni sandwiches (super yummers), I could go on and on.  Then enjoy your food while listening to a player grand piano.  Then add a grocery store with a plethora of specialty foods like homemade sausages.  So good.
First time going to Glaziers, and I was wowed by the layout of the store. It's almost like a Whole Foods as far as having the deli and different choices of food to order. But I can say one thing about their pizza. *Hard*. Thinking it being a New York style pizza, you'd think "thin crust". Not really. The dough is pretty tough, not flaky crispy. If I saved this pizza for leftovers, when it cools I'm going to play Frisbee golf. And the instructions you get on the pizza only states, "Preheat oven to 350F". That's it. It doesn't tell you how long to actually bake it for. The marinara sauce was alright. I would say that was the only good thing about the pizza. I got the cheese pizza because the pepperoni pizza only had maybe 10-12 pepperonis. It just didn't look like enough pepperoni. So got the pepperoni individually. So, as far as take and bake pizza goes, I wouldn't recommend it. I'd rather go to Costco.
My first time to Glazers and what a nice experience!  Exceptional seafood and great prices on vegetables and wine.  Anthony was my cashier and was so informative and customer oriented.  I don't live close to Glazers but that's where I will do my shopping from now on.
I love everything about this grocery store & can't say enough good things about it. It has great prices, awesome selection, special family meal deals that are great for my large family & if it wasn't for the long drive (15+ miles for me 1-way!) it would probably be the only grocery store I shopped at.

BUT.. one thing that fellow yelpers have said in their reviews is that there is a Glazier's in Henderson. Unfortunately, this isn't true or at least not yet. Supposedly there was one planned for the shopping center at Horizon Ridge & Green Valley by the end of 2011. As we all know, it's now 2012 & still no Glazier's there :( I look forward to the completion of a Glazier's store anywhere in Henderson & will be sure to update when/if it happens!
I'm a new local in Vegas and just getting used to all the stores.  I was so happy to find Glaziers.  The prices are extremely reasonable and their weekly deals are great.  Always pick up a coupon paper on your way in.  There are usually two free items when you purchase more than 25 dollars in groceries.  Anything from toothpaste to celery.  They also have great package deals where if you buy some meat you get a bunch of free stuff.  It's not high quality stuff, sprite, potatoes, onions, buns, etc...but it's free and great when you are on a budget.  I have had nothing but great interactions with the staff.  At the deli counter one of the ladies was actually cutting coupons for us so we were sure to get our discounts.  

I saw someone posted that the produce is just a day away from being rotten.  I have not found this to be the case.  If you know how to inspect fruits and veggies, ie don't buy the greens that are yellow, it isn't a problem.  Everyone should know how to shop for veggies, if you don't, you probably shouldn't be a vegetarian.

I'm going back right this moment...glad this place is close to me!
I like this place because of the variety and freshness. I give three stars because the deli is constantly behind in orders. I usually put my order in on the computer that they have in the store and then I will continue shopping. It will usually say an estimate of how long your order will take but every time it takes too long. I had to wait about 45 minutes just for cheese!
Glaziers is hands down the best grocery store in Vegas. It's better than the second best grocery store in Vegas (that'd be the Whole Foods at the district in Henderson) by having both a great selection of non-organic and non all-natural items, and having spectacular deals. You can regularly get two giant freshly cut chicken breasts from the meat department for less than $2.50. The place was featured on extreme couponing and recently had a BOGO on excellent already nicely priced cheeses that caused me to buy the max on consecutive days. Sh*ts cheap yo.

Also the produce here all appears to be sculpted out of wax. It's amazing. Most of the fruits and vegetables have cut open "displays" so you can see the grade of what you're buying. They have fruits here I've never seen before that make star fruits seem tame. Beyond this the meat department will custom order things happily for you if they don't already have it. They have provided me some of the finest turkey legs and lamb that have ever graced a grill.
The best grocery store in Vegas. I didn't believe that said much either. 

The first couple times I went in, I was so impressed by their selection (I had been hunting for watercress and found it here for $2/head) that I didn't even notice the great prices. I was so grateful for such an awesome selection, and so close to my new house. When I noticed the specials, I couldn't believe it. I don't know how they offer such hard-to-find produce at such good prices, especially here in the desert. 

This place makes Vegas a real city, they have a lifelong supporter! If you live anywhere near this store and like eating, then definitely make a trip, you won't regret it. :)
I am by nature a creature of habit, finding it difficult to make change. That's why this was my first visit to Glazier's at Warm Springs Rd.& Durango On first entering the store I thought I was back at Whole foods, where I haven't been, for over a year, (don't ask).
To my surprise and glee I found it much better stocked then most in the City, finding products I had long wished to see again. I also found to my delight Drakes Devil Dogs, no more expensive shipping from the East Coast, and only at $5.49 for eight.
What really pleased me the most was finding Ahi Tuna for sale. I haven't had this in years as most Japanese restaurants find it too expensive to carry.
I also had the luck to find large organic Fuji apples, I am eating one right now and it is crisp and  sweetly satisfying.
I can highly recommend Glazier's Market at this address, having done enough shopping in my lifetime I will be making them my first choice whenever I need food supplies.
Mmmmm that Fuji apple was delicious!
This is the closest grocery store to my house, so it is the new go-to when I'm in a food emergency. I was really excited to browse the store because I remembered I used to buy dirt cheap sweet potatoes here when I was making baby food. The produce here is excellent; it's good quality at a great price. HOWEVER.... mostly everything else is more expensive than Wal-Mart. They don't have a generic brand and I'm a cheapo, so I love generic when it comes to things that are easily generic ie: sliced cheese, canned anything, and cereal. 

The prices are comparable to Albertsons and definitely lower than the Vons across the street. They have the ad at the front of the store in a basket with the coupon at the bottom if you spend more than $25, you'll get something random. Last week, it was a bunch of celery (something I actually needed), and this week, it was 6 Campbells Tomato or Chicken Noodle soups. To reach the $25 limit, you cannot include dairy products, so my total ended up being $23.80 since they count Almond milk as dairy (who knew). All in all, not bad for my new neighborhood grocery store.
Love the organic.. healthy and reasonably priced!
Seriously, Not Impressed. Here's why. 

The Good: 
Premade foods. They have lots and lots of choices. 
Lunchmeats and Cheeses: They carry Boar's Head. The full line of it. And when I say full line I can't do it justice. 
They do carry odds and ends you can't find anywhere else. You want a Vienna Beef Chicago Style Hotdog or Polish Sausage Dog? They got the real thing. 
International food: They carry a modest selection of things that I've seen elsewhere so if you live close by you can save some time by buying it here. 
Like Apples? They carry some varieties you don't see very often. 

The Bad:
When you look closer the product mix is weird. They have high end and ultra high end stuff mixed in with Western Family and Springfield generic lines. 
Good luck talking to anyone in the butcher shop, I tried twice. 
The premade salads right up front had the visual appeal of Purina puppy chow that got splashed into a dog's water bowl. Mushy, yucky, slimy, bleech. 
Produce: For a place that carries international food their produce section is downright small and limited. One type of eggplant for example, Albertsons carries more varieties. 
The piped in music lulls one to semi-consciousness so you don't notice the problems this store has.
They have a token beer and wine selection that barely warrants the floor space and cost of the liquor licenses they have to maintain for it. 

The Ugly: 
Pricing. Does anyone in Vegas comparison shop? If you were price conscious you would spot things right away. I didn't take the time to write down everything I saw but I could easily come up with a 30 item list where prices are 30 to 35 cents higher for the same items, some things were over $1 more, and I saw some items that I can get way cheaper elsewhere in Vegas saving $3 or more per item. And we're not even going to begin to compare them with Winco on basic items. 
Produce Quality: Overpriced, overripe avocados shows someone isn't paying attention to what's put on display as an example of several other quality problems this store has. 

In short...count me among the unimpressed and the ones who will likely not go back.
i love there fresh produce and great selection of asian stuff..
You don't know anything if you haven't been to this store!! The sweet deals they have on meats seafood, and poultry etc.etc. First time I went here I really thought it was another Whole Foods type place.  But not really, I slowly started discovering that this market has items that you won't find at a VON'S, SMITH"S, Or Albertson's. If you think of an item you can't find from these other markets, GLAZIERS will have it 90% of the time. I've seen so many selections that you won't find anywhere else.  They also have a wide selection of prepared food. if you don't feel like cooking. I talking meals.  Oh I also found smoked turkey legs here, oh so good!!! Come and check it out if you haven't already...This was a very impressive store to go to.
I don't understand why this grocer is open.  If you'd like deals, go to Albertsons.  If you'd like a small shopping store experience, Trader Joes.  Organic-Whole Foods.  The majority of the time, this store is overpriced and seems to be confused of what kind of grocer it is.
This store is close to home and it is our go to place for really good meat (besides the butcher shop on Rainbow). We have been coming here to get this staple in our refrigerator for some time now and they do not disappoint. Additionally they have many other things that you can get in a pinch if necessary but doing some price comparison shopping with other places I have noticed they are a little higher than the other places I go to get things. I do have to say I like their veggie bar that's over in the Deli area. We come here to get some side dishes when we are in a hurry or to get Garlic Mushrooms for the many many recipes they seem to go well in. They have these awesome garlic knots that you can get from the cooler near where they sell the cooked pizzas and the pizzas fixings to make your own. Also, the Gallo White Zin (when I am on a tighter budget) is 2.76 (I think) everyday of the week since we have been going there, all Galo wines so we get some moscato now and then as well.
if you like paying more for spoiled meat and chicken this is your place. store is clean looks nice but has many problems.

1)employees are miserable and it shows,they are the least helpful group i have ever seen anywhere, and after meeting mr glazier i can see why. very rude belligerent man.
2) everywhere you go there are cheap made athome signstelling you not toeat donuts till you pay forthem,1 sample perperson andetc.. makes you feel likea 2 yr old again.
3)prices for canned goods and frozendgoods healthcare are ridiculously high
4)i bought some pork once got it homeand turned it over it was gray andslimy and smelly,itook it back toexchange and butcher argued with me, sayingthats how its supposed to be..lol...
An all-in-one grocery store. Not only groceries but a huge salad bar, pizza, chicken, paninis, sushi and more in the 'food court' area. They have a huge fresh made convenience (pre-made, packaged) food area. Nice size deli, slicing mostly Boar's Head meats and cheeses. A great bakery with all kinds of fresh breads, rolls, pastries, enough to make a diabetic go into sugar coma just walking by it.

Forgive me, I have not done my homework on the folks who own this place but there's a definite Northeast connection somewhere here. A lot of products that I've heard can only be found 'back east'. Well you can either go back east or stay right here in Vegas and get what you've been craving.

Produce is the main reason I come here. Not always the best looking stuff but you can't beat their prices. If you can stand carrots that are as crooked as a dogs hind leg or cilantro that looks a bit gangly, then try this out. Don't get me wrong, they have a lot of top quality stuff too, I love the hot pepper selection (and price).

Fresh (frozen) fish and meat area are decent, good selection, sometimes you can get good deals, other times not. 

Otherwise, as you migrate from left to right (as most people do) you'll find the occasional good deal here and there, but honestly I go to Smiths or Vons for the canned goods, dairy, breakfast foods, etc. price wise Glaziers can't quite compete there. As most smart shoppers, you have to compare prices and make your own choices.

Overall a good, fun place to shop (and browse) and the employees are always very friendly although the music they play overhead is probably among the worst ever. But hey, don't let that keep you from checking it out
I was very impressed, and I only was there for a short time.  They had all kinds of things that I haven't seen at other grocery stores, and seemed quite reasonably priced. Moreover, it was clean and well organized.  I was blown away by the "food court" area as well as the bakery with the variety of fritters.  I didn't have much time to shop, but I really liked what I did see!  I will return!
Its good cheap and close to my house ! Glad i shop here over the big boys !!
Glaziers customer service is top notch.  I called looking for a particular item and SAME DAY by 5pm, they had 2 cases of it, waiting in their cooler for me.

Their house made paninis are delicious, pizza is fresh, sushi is tasty, cuts of meat are pricey but worth it, house made sausage is flavorful.
Shop the sales and you will get good deals!
Looking forward to going there more often.  Thank you!
Hands down, the best grocery store in LV.  My girlfriend and I live nearby, and this is where we do most of our shopping for food and household items.  The customer service is phenomenal.  If you could dream up the perfect supermarket, this would be it.  Theres a bakery, hot food line, butcher, and salad bar, and the selection of wines and cheeses is good too.  The store is immaculately clean, and well stocked at all times.  They carry items you wouldn't find in most grocery stores, and you can even suggest that they stock something in particular if they don't already have it.  Love shopping here.  The cashiers and security guards are super friendly and know us by name.   Glaziers sets the standard in which I measure every other supermarket.
This place makes me super happy.  They have so many "East Coast" faves, even Pastosa's pastas!  Clean store, good prices...  Win!
This place is highway robbery. The prices are so high, I guess it's to pay for the rent in the area. I can go else where to buy cheaper food. The place is very clean and nice like whole foods but the price forget about it. The butcher area is a joke. The just package the meat. Tried ordering some meat they told me to go to the fridge area. sigh. They do have little things that other stores don't carry but it's not necessary. Also they don't have blue chips. Meanwhile they have like 4 dozen other chips but they don't have blue chips Grr. But some sales are ok here.
I have been a customer of Glazier's for a number of years, and I was APPALLED today by the treatment I received from the customer service desk, and subsequently from "Flora", the front end manager.

Every week after I do my shopping, I stop at customer service to get a roll of quarters. Today, I was told by the lady behind the counter, "We dont' normally do this, but I will do it for you today." First of all, as an individual who earns my living developing customer service training programs, I was taken back to say the least. I asked to speak to the manager, and was presented with a lady named Flora, who only made matters worse. I told her that I had been a customer for years and that being told "We normally don't do this." outraged me. She only made excuses and NEVER ONCE apologized and offer to get me a roll of quarters right away. Glazier's owners should be incensed that this lack of customer service is being exhibited by front end management.

I informed Flora that I would not be shopping with Glazier's any longer and it didn't phase her in the least. I even gave her the groceries I had just purchased and asked for a refund.

I REFUSE to shop at an establishment that treats their customers in this manner.

They tout themselves to be "family owned"... a "mom and pop" which is why I support them. I HATE BIG BOX RETAILERS, but am now forced to shop elsewhere due to the piss poor management they have entrusted with their store.

If you don't mind being "just another customer" enjoy your shopping experience at Glazier's. If you value being treated as a valued customer, RUN to the next closest store!
Its a large and clean store but I wasnt impressed with their produce section. It took me 5 minutes to find a tomato that wasnt spoiled or wilted. Spent about the same amount of time trying to find an onion that wasnt rotten. The produce bins were huge and I think that may have had something to do with it. My recommendation would be reduce the size of the bins and rotate the stock more to keep the rotten vegetables out of sight.

The good was the meat department very impressed. No changes needed and price and selection were top notch.

If Im over that way I may just stop in again.
So I frequent this place almost every day as it's my neighbourhood spot, and having dealt with the Vons', Albertsons' and Walmarts of Vegas for the past 8 years it's soooo nice to have a personalized, really "local" grocery that pays attention to its clients (they take requests to carry items... and actually folllow through!). They also carry lots of items I haven't seen elsewhere at fair prices. They have crazy good prices on produce (shop seasonally), and chicken can't be found cheaper anywhere else. They run frequent sales and specials and just all-around make my shopping experience that much more pleasant - if you shop mindfully and just following all their frequent specials you'll end up with a varied, thorough and bountiful cart of all kinds of useful and deliciuos stuff- every week. The staff are friendly and just look like they all feel they're one big family, with the head honcho Mr. Glazier himself sometimes browsing around with his shopping cart full of paperwork checking to see if everything is in order. Very reassuring.

BUT... This here love letter is about their DONUTS. Little known secret I think, which I'm about to blast wide open. These aren't your typical miniscule, Krispy Kreme puffed air sugar-coated morsels. These donuts have heft to them - and when I walk in at 0745 smelling the bakery goodness in the air I know they're warm, fresh and ready for presentation. 

Get them in the morning, and take a few for your coworkers too- they'll thank you. They're huge, covered in just enough glaze (depending on the type), lightly crisp on the outside but incredibly pillowy-soft inside with a texture that makes it a goddamn pleasure to sink your teeth into. Every person I've brought their donuts to immediately demands to know where I got them. But that's not all - they have awesome flavors too. Nowhere else have I found flavors like pineapple and blueberry fritters, red velvet cake donuts, maple and walnut fritters (a personal fave), blueberry jelly donuts. The maple-chocolate swirl is I could swear, more chocolatey and more maple-y than any other version I've tried, and with the bonus of their incredible doughnut dough supporting it all. If you're a fiend for the traditional apple fritter, this place carries a huge, crisp, delicious version. But try the pineapple one too, it'll rock your world. 

Bottom line: they carry lots of great stuff at great prices, but an unusual plus is their array of atypically delicious DONUTS. I'm eating one right now. Thought I'd share :-)
This store carries Drake's products.   Devil Dogs, Ring Dings, Sunny Doodles, Coffee Cakes can all be found here! I stopped in here just for Drake's products. Now I have to go back and explore the store to see what other products from back East they carry. I am wondering if they carry Rubinsteins Salmon, Mr Mustard, and Progresso Macaroni and Bean Soup? Things I can not find anywhere in Las Vegas.
Again different grocers fulfill different needs. I find glaciers is best for their meat and seafood counter, impressive. Chicken breasts always lowest price in town. Some specialty items to perk your interest, like the hint'o flavor sparkling water with zero calories and no artificial sweetner or sugar sold up front by check out. A dieters dream beverage! I love their deli counter w free samples and "buy some cold cuts get some cheese free" specials. Their other weekly specials are good too, like the packs of stuffed ravioli which feed two for $1.00. It's great to see Mr Glacier zipping around the store and the customer service is helpful & friendly. However that is where the fun ends for me, the deli & bakery items are either mediocre in taste or very high priced, the produce only lasts a day or so  and the selection is slim (go to albertsons for best choices and two week fridge life). And aside from weekly specials the overall food prices are high so watch your wallet.
When I found this store almost 3 years ago, this grocery store would have gotten well over 5 stars. in 2010, this WAS the grocery store of Las Vegas to check out due to the friendliness and quality items. The store is HUGE!

The chicken breasts are still the cheapest in town, the ground beef seems to be of good quality (no pink slime detected), and the produce seems to have good deals if you search through enough. Aisles and bathroom are always clean. The New York and Chicago products are well stocked.

In 2011, I even spent over $1000.00 in one shopping trip to pay for the high quality food at my own wedding. Glazier's used to be that great of a store.

Over the years, Glazier's has become the MOST EXPENSIVE grocery store in Vegas. I have personally shopped at Glazier's, and went to Whole Foods to find an ORGANIC version cheaper than what Glazier's offers at non-organic.

Prices are not the only thing that has changed.

 When walking in, a bouncer at the Dance Club-type greets you at the door. Immediately, you are to feel as though you are being watched. 

London Broil was on sale for $2.98/lb. I wanted it cut in half - so they charged me last week's price ($5.99/lb!) I did not even notice it until I got to the register, where I found it is "new store policy" if you make the butcher do anything other than hand you a piece of meat. Hope it worked out for them, since at the register I gave it back.

One other no-no here... I wanted to bag my own groceries.

I worked in a grocery store as a kid. I am well trained to keep perishables together, produce together, etc.  I've been bagging groceries for almost 25 years! I'm told by the cashier it is "a safety hazard" if I bag my own groceries. This is a new one to me. Never in my life I have been told I could hurt myself from bagging my own groceries. If it was a "safety hazard", would Fresh & Easy be out of business by now? Surely the Health Dept would have shut down Winco and Food 4 Less as well. I don't see people in these grocery stores on the ground, writhing in pain from bagging their own food. 

One other tidbit I noticed... sometimes I shop at 10pm. The donuts used to be 
25 each after 7pm. Not anymore. Five minutes before closing you pay the same as if they were just made. There is no law that says they have to mark it down... but just saying... one less reason I go there.
 
Naturally, since I did not get to bag my own groceries, I get home to find 3 items in the same bag... a cucumber, chicken breast, and dish soap. 

This was a good store. I drove 10 miles each way to visit. However, "Mr G" has over-extended himself with petty policies and procedures. He has squeezed people like ourselves from shopping there on a regular basis. Instead of Glazier's I would recommend Sunflower market (soon to be Sprouts). 

Glazier's, I will still shop with you 2 to 3 times a year when I get cravings for New York stuff. Otherwise, I have found other places to go.
I love this super market!!! Mrs G has a good thing going on. Everything is top notch fresh fresh fresh!! Prices are very affordable. I always get some Serrano ham and Porscuitto di Parma from here. Love it love it love it!!
my third visit; and i gotta say that they really cut back since they opened a while ago. when they first opened everything was first class!... now its no class-FAIL!!! employees at the meat/seafood counter were not engaginging and rough around the edges- maybe its just me but i dont like being called "bud" and "pal" by people that are supposed to be taking care of me. selection has gone way down since opening; the worst was the produce! i can believe i could not find one decent nectarine, peach or plum, during peak stone fruit season. so sad but i guess they have to cut back like everybody else.
Yep, just as good as everybody says. 

The store inside is very neat and organized (big fan of that) and have a great, friendly staff. They have a wide variety of items, some things you can hardly find anywhere else in Vegas. 

The salad bar... Oh my goodness, the salad bar. I come here for the salad bar alone too often. So many options. So many toppings. Also, the deli and pizza place looks pretty dang good and I would be more than willing to give them a try, if I am ever not in the mood for their salad bar. (Just to be clear, I would never eat at any other grocery store's deli section. They're just that good)
Grazier's has Butterscotch Krimpet Tastykakes!!!!!!  They're almost impossible to find outside of Philly.  They also carry scrapple from time to time.  Great prepared food.  Best fish market I've seen in Vegas.  I'll be back.
This is a good grocery store with great prices conveniently located in the SW of town. I have bought several fish fillets at the deli but this time when I bought the Boston sole fillets I found a few worms moving before I was about to cook. I went back to the store and went to the deli the next day, took a look at the Boston dover sole fillets again and noticed that most of them were contaminated! I asked the butcher if that was normal and he said no but didn't seem surprised. I then spoke with the manager and she asked me if I wanted my money back lol. I don't tend to keep grocery receipts so I declined..but she said that it's common for fish to fly in contaminated and sometimes the butchers don't remove all the worms completely and some customers don't mind wtf? Thats definitely one thing I have never ever heard of yuck! I will never see fish the same..thanks glaciers!
Nice grocery store, along the same lines of bristol farms or gelsons in socal.

6$ large cheese pizzas on one of the weekdays, that are actually great NY style thin crust.

It's the best grocery store in vegas by a decent margin.  Stocked similar to all the high end organic grocers, but not everything is a complete ripoff like there.  

Great deli, butcher shop area.  Lots of pre-prepared dishes to take home.

It only gets four stars because instead of putting their store in one of the many vacant locations more central to Las Vegas, they put it on the outskirts of town.

You can actually see the california border from the parking lot.
I love this place!

I would have given it 5 stars but I'm very disappointed in the produce the apples are always bruised and bad and the bananas are too green i have to wait 5 or 6 days before eating them so I choose not to get my produce from here. 

Ok so on to the good part I absolutely love the homemade section on the left all the homemade pies, cakes, cookies, pastries donuts you name it they have it. I also love the sides they make they also make sauces from scratch such as Alfredo, marinara, and pesto they even make fresh pasta too! They have an amazing meat selection you can find all kinds of meat and any cut too.Their delis awesome too you can place your order several different ways even from your phone! The thing im hooked on right now is there old fashion sodas I love cream soda and they have the best cream soda ever! I just all around love this store for the simple fact that they have so many unique foods and items you cant get at the regular stores. Yes the prices are a little higher but I find its worth it shopping here is peaceful to me theres alot less ghetto people shopping here then walmart so it makes shopping enjoyable.
I love this grocery store and try to only shop here!

They have an amazing selection of meats and seafood, with a huge selection of ready to eat meals.  If you are running behind, this is the place to go because dinner is already made and the quality and flavor is great!

Prices are very very competitve here with a huge selection of organics and health conscious selections.  No frills, just good prices.

The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I love Glaziers!
I love their salad bar here! Even though they serve cold Dolma it is still pretty tasty. I also like their mushrooms here with some artichokes. The price is about $6.00 a pound but it is very filling and healthy. This is a perfect place to eat for someone who is broke but would still like to have a nutritious meal.
I shop at Glazier's regularly and have for about three years. I have had some fantastic experiences and some negative experiences here.

1. Their produce is usually good. They have good sales like peppers (red, yellow, orange and green) for .88/ cents a pound. They have 10 limes for a dollar. They have a package of small heirloom tomatoes for $1 (in the summer). Sometimes it is bad when they have a whole area of avocados and not one is ripe. Or the fact that their herbs arent very good.

2. Their deli and prepared meals section is fantastic. I really enjoy the fact that I can order with my phone or in the little kiosk. The problem is that the cheapest sliced meat they offer is $8.99/lb WOW. They have fantastic cheese and  they have almost anything you could want.

3. Meat area. They usually have a great variety of prepackaged meats at a reasonable price. The only problem with the meat section is the rude customer service. I ordered some bacon the other day and the guy behind the counter didn't say a single word to me. He was also preoccupied with staring at the front of the store/door area. It was strange. 

FYI I got food poisoning from here recently from the bacon!! I have also had a couple friends have food poisoning from their bacon and salad bar! Buyer/ eater beware!!

4. Customer service. This is where they lose a whole star for me. Usually they are super friendly. If you want them to carry a new item you go to customer service and ask for it and they 90% of the time will start to carry it (which is why they have such a large variety of food).

The negative is that there are a couple of girls who are completely rude. For example, I was buying forumla and had a manufactuer's coupon (which is NOT a check, it is a COUPON) it had my husband's name on it and the girl told me I will not take that. I asked her why and she said you are trying to cash a check with someone else's name on it and I will call the cops to have you arrested if you try again. UM WHAT! First of all, girl, you should have asked your manager for further clarification on what a manufactuer's coupon is.

Bottom line: their customer service isn't great, but some of their products are worth it... sometimes.
I love shopping here. The atmosphere is calm no matter time or day of the week we come here.
It is a bit pricier than other grocery chains, but it's family owned. Some weekends we can afford to come here, others not so much. Depends on what's on the list.

Meats:
They really do have the best seafood in town. My husband and I eat seafood most of the week. When they have a sale, which is at least once a month, we stock up!

Bakery:
Best doughnuts, not so much bakery. I think some cakes are okay, but it's hit or miss. The cookies are the same - hit or miss.

Grocery:
I like the fact they bring in local favorites from across the country. The buyer of this store /knows/ that Vegas is becoming a transplant city. I just wish they'd up the anti on tex-mex. ;) I also like their vegan and international selection. They do have more natural, international and vegan product selection than their competition.

Dairy/eggs/etc:
The coffee creamers are a bit over-priced. We usually avoid buying creamers here and buy at Walmart instead (3-4$ cheaper!). Never had an issue with the milk and cream selection. Usually I hate this part of the grocery shopping experience because spilled milk left on the grates spoils and the smell makes the nauseated. Glazier's does an EXCELLENT job of keeping those grates clean! Eggs... check your eggs before you put them in your cart (as with any grocery store). I just remember going through 8 cartons of eggs until I found one that didn't have a broken egg.

Checkout/Customer service:
I see Mr. Glazier himself walking the floor every now and then. Portly old white dude in a black suit. I've never spoken with him but he seems to have a good rapport with his staff and I gotta give him props for being on the floor instead of holing himself in his office.
Self check out is easy... unless you're waiting for a newbie, then it's painful. lol 
The cashier's are always friendly. There's always a front-end manager nearby. We bought salt for our salt water tank and the bag was leaking. It was the last bag and the front-end manager went and got duct tape to tape it for us. :)

Like I said, I love coming here. I wish they price matched. They do take coupons.... still expensive. Some weekends our list is longer and we have a set budget, so we end up having to pass this awesome place by.
This grocery store is huge and has a variety of items you can't find elsewhere (NY pasta, Hawaiian section, etc...) They also have hot and ready food for purchase, a salad bar and a cute dining area to eat your food.. Oh & I really like their Boar's head ordering system.
They seem to usually have really good deals on items like their produce... My only gripe with this place is that as fresh as their products are I've noticed they get rotten very fast.. I've also seen multiple refrigerated items like beef & cheese that had mold in it ... So just make sure to pay attention to everything you buy... LOL 

Hot tip: On Weekends they have almost as many samples as Costco ;))) yummm
Ok this place is great. They have a great selection, great prices and a great prepared food section! It is a little dimly lit but don't let that discourage you, just plow thru and find all of the hidden gems that you can't find anywhere else. While you are there treat yourself to one of their donuts they are painfully good. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
This store is trying hard to be an outpost for displaced persons from the northeast .  They succeed in some areas and fail in others.  First they have a ready to eat and ready to heat section with many Italian specialties.  They have a pizzeria and they have giant pizzas 30' if I recall, just not well done for a north easterner.  They have subs cold and hot and I will try those soon.  What knocked me out was the Taylor Ham.  My local smiths carries it in a whole pound sleeve, but this joint has it ready to be sliced in the deli department, it is just not cheap like it was back east but hey 2500 miles is alot of transport cost.
Cross a butcher, Wal Mart(prices and awesome crap like Bacon Salt and Cap'n Crunch), and Whole Foods(healthy stuff) and you get Glazers. My favorite grocery store in town. I wish they'd build one in central Las Vegas.
This grocery store reminds of me of back home.  The salad bar is AHmazing.  The variety of things to purchase in the store is awesome as well.  The cheap wine isn't too shabby either.  The organic produce, the variety of items from back east and the staff are all so very friendly.  I suggest you try the cheap cheese pizza on Wednesday, it's quite tasty.  I haven't tried the sorbet but looking at it gets my salivary glands going.  Do yourself a favor and stop by.
The customer service here is above average. I do appreciate that they take requests for grocery items, etc. The prices are competitive; however, it's unfortunate that I sometimes find items from the organic/vegetarian aisle to be cheaper at Vons. What keeps me coming back? Their deli. I love Boar's Head cheese. Especially the smoked Gouda.
I like the fact that Glaziers has everything that you can find at the Vons across the street and then some. They have a great selection of organic products from produce to meats for lower prices than what you would see at Whole Foods or Trader Joe's. 

I come to Glaziers quite often when there isn't anything in my fridge for dinner. Glaziers always saves me from my hunger pains. They have a cute little dining area with a self-playing grand piano that you can use after you paid for your meal. 

- Their salad bar is fantastic. It's a little pricey at almost $7/pound they give you a great selection. You can taste the freshness in all of the products as well. You can find your regular salad bar goodies like your lettuce, carrots, broccoli, etc. as well as pasta salads, marinated mushrooms, marinated artichokes, and a good array of other fancy salad dishes. 

- They sell yummy sandwiches, pastas and pizzas. In the day time there's a sushi guy there rolling up California and shrimp tempura rolls in addition to salmon and tuna sushi pieces. I personally like the sushi there, it's a good quick fix. 

- They have a wide selection of ready-made individual dinners. From lasagna to pasta to meat dishes, these are perfect to buy and eat later. The only thing is that I think it's a bit overpriced (i.e. small individual piece of lasagna is about $6)

Glaziers sells great products throughout the store, but I found that some of their items were expired. The last trip I made, I found that 2 week old Greek yogurt was still chilling on the shelf. Not cool. So make sure you check the dates before throwing something in your cart!
What a great store! High quality produce, deli & butcher shop. I have been a fan since they opened. Not the cheapest but definitly a great locals grocer. The staff is excellent & very helpful. I would definitly recommend if you are in the southwest.
The owner Mr. G is walking the store talking with staff & customers during a lot of my visits. They always offer to take your grocerys out to your car and the staff makes you feel like a customer & not a number like most box stores.
The best specialty food grocery store in town! I come here for my Vienna beef, hotdog and Italian beef fix!
A grocery store on steroids. Move over Trader Joe's and Whole Foods. There's a new champion in town!

Glazier's has it all...literally. In the mood for a New York bagel with nova lox? Done. How bout a delicious pulled pork sandwich? No problem. Their selection of homemade, oven (or microwave) ready foods is staggering. They have anything from Mexican (enchiladas, pico de gallo) to Italian (pasta sauces, stuffed pastas, etc). 

There's a magnificent selection of homemade sausages and beautiful fresh cuts of beef, pork and fish. I was overwhelmed while shopping here...I was also very hungry (not a good idea). I wanted EVERYTHING. Even their soda selections were impressive (a plethora of flavors from Jones, Virgil's and many more).

The good thing about this place, as compared to Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, is that if you want just "regular stuff" (i.e., Oscar Meyer), you can get it. I feel like I could go on for hours talking about this place, but I won't bore you. I think you get the picture. Check this place out.

Only complaint: One location?! Come to Henderson, Glazier's!
This isn't my usual grocery store, but it's close to the office, so I don't have to go out of my way if I want to make a stop at Glazier's after work. For the usual things on a grocery list like milk, juice, bread, and eggs, I still go to the grocery stores closest to my house because it's more convenient.

However, the reason I love Glazier's is because their loss leaders are the best in town. Whether it's chicken breasts, steaks, or any other type of meat, the advertised loss leader is an amazing value that can't be beat. Plus, I don't have to buy a 20 pound package to get savings like I would have to at a chain grocery store. Their portions are manageable so I don't have to defrost a foam tray with six days worth of rib eye. To me that's extremely important as I live alone.

I'm probably not the type of customer Glazier's prefers. They want shoppers to come for the loss leaders, then spend money on other profit making items. Admittedly, the variety of items at Glazier's is impressive and they carry a lot of unique things not found anywhere else. However, I'm a simple guy, so I stock up on the loss leader, check out, then go home. My wallet thanks you.
They carry everything, but their pricing also reflects that. Expensive yes. They also do have expired food on the shelves. 75 % of the employees are rude and do not want to help customers. This place needs improvement . I give the store 2 stars for the few employees who are nice and helpful in there. Unless things improve I cannot shop here due to health concerns.
I've always wanted to check Glazier's out and finally got the opportunity recently when I was doing some other shopping in the neighborhood. 

I have tried a number of their pastry items from coworkers who have brought goodies in for pot lucks and other special occasions so knew they had a lot to offer. We walked in and it instantly reminded me of an East coast supermarket. They have an extensive selection of East coast goodies, both cooked and uncooked, ethnic foods galore and lots of healthy and organic items. I look forward to coming back with a longer shopping list next time.
Last year I might have given Glaziers 5 stars, but the have been losing their touch in the past year.
When they first opened,  their produce section was a thing of beauty. I hadn't seen such amazing fruits and veggies since I moved to Las Vegas, they were always bright and shiny and never squishy or gross. Sadly, that isn't always the case anymore. I recently wrapped my hand around a leaking, squishy rotted lemon. I never do the oooh look at that delicious fruit dance in the produce section anymore.
The bakeries prices have also sky rocketed.  We usef to get the cannolis fairly often, but they are way too expensive now. I also don't care for much of their cakes, and I love cake. But I no longer buy them at Glaziers,  as they aren't very good and too expensive not to be delicious. 
The meat and seafood are the only reasons we still shop here. The chicken breasts are super cheap and mutant sized, so I slice them in half and we get 4 normal sized breasts for the price of two!!
They also carry tasty cakes, and my boyfriend is from Pennsylvania,  so they make him happy.
My favorite grocery.  I live by St. Rose & I 15 and I usually go during the week, about 11AM Tuesdays or Wednesdays.  I always see Mr. G and he says hello or if he is sitting upstairs in his office he will wave hi.  What can I say.  Bakery very good.  My favorite items are the Italian bread and NY style coffee cake.  You just got to try the cake once.  Donuts are also very good in the morning, not so great in the evening when they are now still full price versus half off several months ago.  Next is deli.  OMG, the selection is amazing.  From the deli meats, cheeses and other salads, no other store compares to prices and selection.  Next seafood.  When they have the live Maine lobsters which they will steam for you for free, I am in heaven.  Wide variety of fish, shellfish and very affordable prices.  Next meats.  Quality is far above Smith's or Albert sons, and I find the prices to be much less.  I particularly enjoy buying my chicken cutlets which are pounded and sliced very thin and are excellent, their NY steaks, boneless chicken breasts and found beef are all excellent quality.  Produce is always priced competitively especially on onions, garlic, tomatoes, potatoes and broccoli.  Their cheeses in the case  by the meat/seafood counters are outstanding.  Great prices on all.  Italian pastas and canned tomato products are very good.  Most usual grocery items prices seem better than Albertsons but maybe more expensive than Smiths.  But remember, this store has grocery products you yearn for which you will not find in your chain grocer, like Dr. Browns soda, Drakes bakery products, Vienna Beef products, NY & Chicago Italian products, Cincinnati chili products, and the list goes on.  I recommend not going there hungry because whenever my husband and I go hungry we tend to spend well over $200.00.  The only negative I will say is that the cashier's are very, very slow.  And on one occassion when I noticed I was overcharged on an item it took almost 10 minutes before the pricing error was verified and corrected.
THE BEST GROCERY STORE IN EXISTANCE!     Staff is always willing to go the extra mile and if they dont have something you want, tell them! They will have it in stock the next time you come in..   Was the only place in town to buy Drake's Baked goods untill Hostess went out of business..
I love this grocery store!  And I am incredibly sad that I know live on the other side of town from it.  I hope they build by me again, because the regular chain stores in Vegas just don't cut it.

First off, everyone is so friendly here.  You feel welcome and appreciated.  This is such a rare thing any more, that when you do get it, it is like sunshine on your face.

Secondly, the deli section!  They have the ready to eat meals waiting and looking delicious for you, the awesome selection of high quality meat and cheeses, and then all the fun stuff to catch your attention that you didn't need, but buy anyway because it looks so darn good.

Third, the prices are really good and the selection on everything is pretty big. It is like a neighborhood shop, but the size of Walmart.  It's a great place to shop at.

Go check it out and look at the weekly meal deals for some great deals on dinner packages!
I can see why Glazier's has been voted for favorite neighborhood grocery for several consecutive years. It has most if not all that you'd need. Fresh produce, perfectly cut meats, deli, in-house bakery and gelato! Yes gelato. I could easily spend 2 hours going around and around in there. 

And walking in, there's always a security who welcomes you, not the stiff-militant type. And my favorite part is when walking in, you smell their bakery. Mmmmm bread!

The staff remain attentive and very knowledgeable. I'm happy that the Southwest has more than just the Albertson's and Vons. They also have products from Hawaii. That's probably my favorite part as its a complete one stop
shop for me. The prices are a tad higher than the chain grocers but I'll take freshness and quality over cheap any day.
My jaw dropped as I walked into this amazing store! This store holds products that not every generic supermarket has. I felt as though it was a combination of Vons, 99 Ranch Market and Cardenas all rolled into one amazing store! Chefs and culinary students (like myself) could find anything you need to make an exquisite meal!
Now that I'm a West side of Vegas transplant(originally from the Eastcyde), I've finally had a taste of the "good life"....I've had a chance to explore my new neighborhood and its great!!! I mean the scenery on the westside is breath taking....Red Rock canyon is amazing....and though I don't play golf, the courses I've seen make me wanna get a job driving around a golf cart just so i can actually see really green grass...you don't really see a lot of green grass on the Eastcyde but that's not what I'm here to talk about....I'm here to review this lil gem
of a grocery store called Glazier's....I LOVE THIS PLACE....I mean I've never been to any store that has so many good products for sale...well besides Costco, but that's another story....the prices here are cheaper than some other grocery stores I've been to...and they have speciality items like food items from Hawaii.....ZIPPY'S CHILI!!!!! I even saw guava for sale in the produce section...the last time I had a fresh guava was when I was on Maui and I picked it off the tree...now it's a little pricey so I didn't buy any since I'm a baller on a budget, but it's nice to know that they have items like that...they even have a food court with different food stations if you're too lazy to cook...the only thing they don't have that other grocery stores do have is a club card...but since the prices are better than they're competitors I guess they really don't need one....in any case,I love this store...I will definitely be coming back here  for all my grocery shopping needs!!!
Glazier's addresses one of my big concerns with grocery stores in the Valley: variety. I loathe having only a few options when I shop. I know studies show that many people function better with limited choices. But I am not one of those people. I function better with MANY choices and Glazier's just gets that part of me. I like seeing 20 different bar-be-que sauce varieties on the shelf. It lets people make actual decisions about what products they want to bring into their home. Contrast that with the 8 varieties provided at many of the local chains around town (I'm talking to you Smith's and Vons). 

I avoided purchasing non-perishables, but there were tremendous options in every area of the store. And I always like seeing BUY ONE GET ONE offers around a store. I don't care if they are just trying to reel me in. Add to the BOGO offers the FREE tortilla chips with every $25 purchase. Winning! Frugal shoppers like me get excited about deals like that. 

Overall their prices were a bit high, but any specialty store will have to increase the price point a bit. So that did not bother me. I liked the layout of the store and the general organization. And being family owned matters to me. It should matter to everyone. If I am on that side of town, I would rather give my money to a professional family owned company than some of my other choices. 

I didn't see many perishable organic options, but doesn't seem to be what Glazier's is about. They are serving up variety and East Coast product options in a busy area of town.  Is Glazier's leading the way toward more diverse, well-organized, thoughtfully stocked, locally owned, neighborhood markets? I can only hope so.
Boom boom boom, let me hear you say wayyoooh, way oh. 

After three years of stalling on coming to this place, I've finally bit the bullet. About damn time! Not sure why I've waited so long especially since they've won best grocery store for three years.

Loved how organized the store is. It's large but has that small town grocery feel. Three workers asked us if they could help us which was great. That never happens as smiths or albertsons. Time for change! 

Noticed lots of different food you can't get at other markets. Chips from Chicago, pizza flown in from Italy. Special food from Hawaii. It's nice to have such a variety. 

Prices are average to a little more expensive. I noticed on a couple items they were cheaper. Buy one get one free. Some fresh produce. Fresh baked items. I guess you just really need to pay attention to prices and their ad. 

Loved the pre made meals near the deli. S many options for lunches or quick dinners. Anywhere from mothers cooking, to Mexican, to salsas and hummus. 

They have a deli with good priced fresh subs made to order, a deli where they make fresh pizzas right in front of you where you pick the toppings and a gelato bar. So many options, to little time. I could spend some serious money in here if given the chance. 

If I lived closer I would come here more often. I def see what's so great about this place now.
I do like Glaziers, but... This morning I stopped in for a donut and coffee at 8am.  I got my donut and went to the service counter to get a cup of coffee.  No one was there.  Not one individual was around.  I asked the greeter at the door.  He checked around and found out the person in charge of the coffee counter went on break... at 8am... prime-time coffee hour.  What's worse is this is the fourth time this has happened.  Needless to say, I left the store empty-handed.  I don't have the time or patience to deal with a lack of service like that.

I can't believe they allow business to operate like that.  Glaziers needs to take a look at how their staff is behaving.

UNACCEPTABLE!
First of all, I decided to try this place because my brother told me about it. It was my only day off in my 6 day workweek, so I decided to pack my kid in the car and go on adventure. My brother said this place was kinda cool so I wanted to grocery shop some place different. 

When I pulled up my first impression was that it looked like a Whole Foods Market. I walked in a thought the store looked very clean and organized. I made my way throughout the store and my initial impression was, "Dang, I wish this store was closer to my house!" But the longer I stayed in the store, the quicker my excitement faded. It wasn't the lack of product, aesthetics or organization of the store - it was the feeling I had as I shopped. With the exception of two people, never once was I greeted or offered assistance. Here's the thing: it's a grocery store, you technically can figure out where things are...but when I'm walking through a business establishment and never once greeted (including management) my immediate feeling is that they could care less if I shopped in their store. As I saw employees restock their shelves, almost everyone looked like they had somewhere better to be. No smiles, no energy, no warm feeling. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting service like I was in a 5 star hotel - but I've been in retail for 20 years and a manager for 12+ years...and believe the employees' demeanor and behaviors are just a indicator of how the business is run. Just my two cents on that. 

I ended up buying shrimp, donuts, fritters, chips and other goods totaling almost $60. For lunch, I stopped at the sushi counter and the lady was probably the friendliest employee I encountered. I was interested in buying some seafood and meat, but once I got to the butcher station, the lady behind the counter was so consumed in whatever task she was doing that she never even looked up to ask if I needed help. At the checkout counter, the cashier was nice enough, but honestly, I've received friendlier service at Wal-Mart. During my transaction (it was a debit), the register timed out and I had to repeat my transaction. I asked the cashier, "So, the other transaction won't count?" Defensively, she replied that it wouldn't. The only reason why I asked her was because where I work, if the register times out during a debit transaction, it sometimes WILL take the sale so I wanted to make sure. I was taken aback that she got so defensive as if I was attacking her cashiering expertise. 

I ate at their little sitting area and enjoyed my sushi lunch which tasted absolutely delicious. During my lunch some head honcho/corporate looking people were around me and half the time I thought, "Manage your people, not the product and perhaps you'll see an increase in profits." 

For the items I purchased: 5 stars. 
For not even being said hello to: 0 stars. 
For the cleanliness and organization of the store: 4 stars. 
For the price differential in items: 1 star (certain items were priced reasonably and certain items were just way overpriced). 
For the lackluster customer service: 1 star (only because the sushi lady was actually nice). 

AND on top of that, I nearly got run overed by some chick driving way to fast in the parking lot even though I was walking IN THE GD CROSSWALK and I had right of way. 


Oh wait, the bouncer/security guard guy at the door - - seriously?!!? If you're going to park someone over there, then at least have that person say, "Have a great day" WHILE LOOKING IN MY SHOPPING CART. (I know that's what you're doing - - checking if I stole anything.) 

Glazier's management: you have a beautiful store with great product in it - but I think you need to revisit the customer service piece of it too. 

I'd only come back if I was on that side of town. I'll save my gas and more money by going to Winco.
How about that?!? After the cashier assured me that my debit card WOULD NOT BE charged twice, I find that it did in fact get charged twice (posted to my account the next day). 

I know registers "time out." I've been there, done that. I work in retail and it has happened so I know for a fact THAT IT WILL CHARGE THAT PERSON TWICE. She didn't offer to call and supervisor or manager, but against my better judgment, I left. 

I filed a dispute with my bank and hopefully my money will be returned to me in a timely manner. 

Glazier's management: Ensure that your cashiers are properly trained to handle all types of situations - and if they cannot, give them the tools necessary to ensure that customer satisfaction is their top priority. I chose not to call your establishment because I felt that if you didn't care if I shopped in your store, then you wouldn't care if you gave me back my $60. To some $60 is chump change - but I work hard for my money and $60 is what I could use for gas money and food for my family.
I really like Glazier's. I don't really like shopping at big chain grocery stores because my boyfriend used to work for one and he would tell me all the questionable things that they do to save money... With that being said, the thing I love about this store is their wide/unique item selections. They have so many things that would not find at the usual grocery store/weird brands that I've never seen before, different flavors of things, and tons of random beers/beverages. 

Their food court, pre-made meal section, and service counters are awesome! I always get hungry and want to buy everything while walking through this part of the store. Oh and their meat department is massive! They have so many different cuts of beef, and a wide variety of fish, even poke tuna! My eyes get so big when I see the cheese section.... drool. 

The prices here might be a little higher for some item but it doesn't bother me at all. Paying for quality is always okay with me. So I would say to probably not come here if your on a budget but if you're not then check it out!
I don't live anywhere close, but some friends are in the neighborhood so we've made some stops for supplies when we're meeting at their place for dinner. 

The deli here is large and we've gotten a few salads for BBQs that were pretty good. Better than most grocery delis. I've stopped in for quick things like chips, hummus (that Eves brand is delicious!) or whatever else so I can't judge it from a full perspective, but positive so far from what I've gotten. There's definitely variety and brands I don't see elsewhere, mixed with typical stuff. I'm a variety person, so that is a plus for me. 

Since we have been hanging down here more often, I'm sure I'll be stopping in here more regularly and maybe one of these days, I'll go shopping down here for my weeks groceries to see what people are raving about.
I been a client  of  this place since the opened the doors. Friendly  place. Nice owner. It says hello to when he sees you. Prices are not too bad in general, just keep your eyes open ...like any other market may have a higher prince on a product or two. Shop smart and you will love this place. I do not get their prepared foods - that is a bit on the pricey side. Otherwise. I love it as it is  not yet a chain of corporations. Just a simple local family run and owned store.
Thumbs up for Glazier's... not just as a grocery, but a big fat thumbs up for quick work-lunches or lazy housewife dinners!!!

Gosh I thought I reviewed this already... I'd be a jerk if I didn't mention that I got my first speeding ticket coming here... So please go 35 mph on this stretch of Warm Springs --- cops camp there all the time to make a quick buck (or $180 if you go 44 like I did). But anywho... 

Pastries? Cookies, every kind of muffin, breads, cakes, pies - Pastries here are big, bad and beautiful.

From the East Coast? Plenty of  brands here you thought you could only find at home.

On your lunch hour? Almost every lunch craving can be satisfied here if you walk in and go left.... You can even dine in and listen to some piano. 
They have a great salad bar, and options like pizza, sushi, chicken fingers, coffee, ice cream, and I even had fried shrimp a couple of times. Otherwise they have plenty of pre-made meals and sides you can bring home and heat up.

Their  breads, tamales, prepared meats, and fresh-made pastas & sauces are a hit in my house. In addition to finding specialty brands & items, you can easily find pre-made goodies that are a great substitute for cooking your family dinner after a long and arduous work day. There are plenty of options here that aren't available at the usual suspects of groceries. Think marinades and spices.

My gripe is obviously the cost -- while not completely outrageous... it's not cheap either. The staple items that may be on your regular grocery list will rarely be less than your chain-supermarket (Think cereal, and snack food). But seriously-- if you have the time to plan it out and make the time -- you could do both.  And then there's the produce... while extensive --- I'm not a fan-- I spend wayyyy too much time finding a good onion... I won't mention how long it took me to find a decent pear.

I would highly recommend stopping by for lunch. I would recommend checking it out on your next shopping trip.

Glaziers is a homey mom and pop grocery store and that's pretty rare in these parts.
Best grocery store in town! Cheap but fresh produce. Boneless skinless chicken breast for $2.48/lb. Specialty pastas (I think they're made in house). Boar's head deli meats. King's Hawaiian Rolls for the gf. I love this place, and I'm so glad I live only a mile away from it.
This supermarket, a Best of Las Vegas recipient since its opening, serves breakfast on the weekends so that was our destination on a recent morning. I found the market to be comparable to Whole Foods with more moderate pricing. We ordered at the counter and then retired to a table in the piano room where the food was delivered. Our easy over eggs came with bacon, wheat toast and home fries. The ingredients were good, but pricing was high and execution left much to be desired. The toast wasn't crispy, the bacon was limp, the potatoes tired and the egg whites watery.
Much better.. Sorry Von's.

Family run - owner is usually on property. Super friendly staff. Excellent prices. Amazing butcher. Great deli. Produce - gives any Mexican market a run for its money.

Speciality items, this is the place.

Glazier's Food Marketplace is the best of Vegas. No question about it.
A nice mom and pop grocery store located in the Durango & Warm Springs plaza but there's just something about it that stands out. Love the little organic section but also wishing it was bigger. And that I can get the right kind of organic red delicious apples again :/.

I haven't had any issues in regards to staff. They're either what you would expect typically or pretty nice overall. No complaints there so far.

They're also open till midnight for any late shoppers. Sign up for their weekly email or check their website for their weekly specials. Their prices are usually comparable with others.
In the neighborhood and I have a thing for grocery stores.  If you have ever been to a Wegmans back east you'll understand.  Miss having a Wegmans.... Anyway I'm always looking for one that carries unique or hard to finds items.  Maybe missed it in others but here they sell Spanish Saffron. Good to know so if in a pinch I could go there since I usually order my saffron off an online spice company.  If we lived closer I would definitely use on a regular basis.
Can not beat the quality of the Meat's. Love that when you ask for a product, they LISTEN and get it in stock!!!
Love the market place. They have a wide variety of fresh fruit & vegetables. Lots of weekly specials. This is my new go to market when I want something special.
This place is ran by very rude and unprofessional, prejudice people.
The food quality is awful and prices are ridiculous.
The employees are just as rude as the owners. I asked to speak with the owner about how rude the manager was and Mr. Glazier himself was surprisingly rude and absurd! 
I will NEVER return to this poorly ran business again.
I really like the selection of ready to heat items.  They also have a a lot of specialty food brands that you cant find at the regular grocery stores here in Vegas. We went there on a Tuesday night about 10:00. They close at midnight. I was a little surprised that a lot of things were already put away and blocked off so to couldn't get to that particular area of the store. We wanted to get some olives from the olive  bar but that was all closed up. Also the prices are pretty high on some items. I will go there occasionally but not shop there regularly because of the prices. Four stars because of the selection and nice clean store.
First thing is first, I only write a review if the service or the food was so bad that I 1. left the business fuming. 2. IT'S a VALID CONCERN

Yesterday was one of those days, I was fuming with Glazier's market!
Here's what happened:
I ordered a baby shower cake 2 days in advance. I knew there would be a problem...the person taking the order had no clue how to take it. I thought, I will call to be sure but I didn't. I paid, I left a phone number, gave the person my order, it's a half vanilla sheet cake, that says "congrats..."in hot pink with gerber lillies. Main thing I paid, I gave them time, and easy instruction.

Day of the shower (two hours before), go in and there is NO CAKE. They never called, the asked me if I had a copy of what looked like an official form. I had no clue what they were talking about, I had a receipt with a bright orange sticker that said PAID. I guess this was not enough. 

Therefore, the cake for some reason, I never knew why was never made. So I picked one from the cold case (who by the way the person who took my order said, they often stay in there for up to 2 weeks because they forget to take them out...but nonetheless the young man said, "they are still really good") so now, I  pick a blue one out of the cold case...it has some pink in it (a shower for a GIRL)....and I am fuming! Another person comes out with 4 small packages, I thought they were happy meal toys and asked me if I wanted one. 'WTH are they?' I ask. These people don't talk. As a consumer, I have NO CLUE what is happening in this business transaction. Oh, well thank you....they are tiny baby shoes that can top the cake....that do not match, that look like they are from 1907. Thank you, thank you very much. My last comments are WHO IS THE MANAGER? The mute attendant (someone with a grey bob hair cut) says of course by pointing was the person who offered me the Happy Meal toys without telling me what they were but by just handing out 4 plastic whatevers...


I take the cake and go fuming out assuring them I WILL CALL MONDAY WHEN I HAVE TIME. 

Alas, I take the stupid mismatched cake (that could be two weeks old) to the car. I need to buy soft drink, wine (yes, wine!) and a $50 gift card for the party and don't want to take the cake while shopping. Heavens, hey may think I am stealing it even though I have official documentation.

I get 6 bottles of wine...I notice the 9.95...they are all 5 something...they have no idea where the gift cards are, They have no idea why the sales price isn't coming up. They are slow and confused. My blood is boiling, my heart is racing, I'm about to sweat and literally my always happy face has melted into a frown. 
I can't take it...I am done and I leave, bursting out the door.

Let me say not only did these people make me late for a baby shower I was hosting, they wasted MY TIME. All of the occurrences could have been avoided by 1. Training the kid who took my order properly 2. Called me when they had a question about my order 3. Spoke to me about why the order did not get made instead of just staring at me like I had a 3rd eye and I didn't have the right to be angry...especially when I had to  look the case alone looking for a similar cake flavor like the one I ordered. And no they didn't have it so I had to pick something else! 

Very disappointing since I just bought a new home by this place. Admittedly Vegas doesn't have much to offer in the way of fresh produce and a store that has decent pricing for the good quality such as Whole Foods. They also have a salad bar there which is great and that I ate from when I ordered my cake (THAT WAS MY FIRST TIME THERE). As well as I bought a scoop of gelatto (that was ok.....but I ate it). I am a family person who does not need reasonable pricing - that they do seem to have. In addition, I need time a feature many families can lack. I am mad that they wasted mine and didn't even flinch or respond or take ownership of THEIR FAULT.

I assure you people will continue to go there because they have some nice features to their store but I think it'll be the last they see of me.

Monday mornings, I am bestowed at my front door with fresh milk, a  produce box, and meats that is delivered by Winder Farms. THOSE PEOPLE ARE FANTASTIC and for this I AM LOYAL. Still. I do shopping when I need things but this WILL NOT be the place to do it....


You lost a fine customer Glaziers, you really did. You need more management and process training, communication skills and people who know how to WOW their customers not make them fume.

Good riddance!
The selection of food there is good but the fruit is in terrible condition. It was rotting.  There were gnats flying out of it. They do have great deals on meat here. They also had a good loaf of glaziers brand bread for $1.13 for a good sized loaf. In short, go there for anything but the fruit.
I love this place!  They have high quality produce for reasonable prices and everything is always fresh.  If you have time, stop and get a sandwich or burger from their deli.  Always a treat for us.  And if you want good meat check out the meat department.  Their beef and seafood always look like it came straight from the farm or ocean.  Wish they had more of them around, but it's family owned and probably one of the reasons why everything is so fresh.  I would honestly hate to move out of the area because they are the only one around.
This supermarket rocks! They have everything you can imagine and more. My sisters came to visit from Orange County, both are vegans with strict diets. Glaziers has a wide variety of organic, gluten free, vegan options. Just one downside, not as many organic produce. 

Wednesday night from 2-8pm is pizza night. Can't beat a large 16in 1 topping for 5.99?! 
Garlic crust just hits it off!!

Friday night is steak night! Juicy steak with corn and potatoes on the side. They serve the meal deal from like 4-8. Get it while you can! I always come like 15 minutes before closing(still cooked fresh as I shop!!)

The weekend they serve breakfast! Not sure the hours because I'm not a breakfast person. I enjoyed it one time. It was good for a hearty morning fill up. 


The staff is friendly. And I mean very friendly. We are regulars so they see me and my crazy 2 year old running the aisles often. They've even helped me find my keys after my daughter lost them in a cart! 


Overall this is the store to shop at if you have certain dietary needs, want a change from the busy regular chain markets, just need a quick meal to whip up.. This is the place!
Is it weird to rate and review a grocery store?  NOOOOOOO!!!!  Especially not when Glaziers is so totally awesome!  I discovered this grocery store when I lived near Jones and Robindale.  There are no "healthy" grocery stores in the area that carry a ton of organic items, except Whole Foods which is always pricey and inconveniently located at Town Square, so it's always crowded with long lines, etc.  When I found Glaziers I was excited to find Hawaiian food + a ton of organic and international items.  This grocery store is well-rounded, they have amazing customer service, and their pricing is so great!  I can usually buy a full week's groceries for about $100 which is amazing.  When I was shopping at other competing grocery stores in the area (Smiths, Albertsons, etc), my grocery bill was usually around $150 per week.

They have a fresh bakery and an awesome boars head deli counter as well.  You can order your deli meat through their app or on the computer system in front of the counter.  It's somewhat more convenient but it seems since they added that system of ordering the process actually takes longer than just asking the employee to make what you are requesting.  Not sure if it solved problems of time, but it definitely makes them more efficient as they will only make what is printed on the ticket.  No more errors...so that's good.

Their produce is always super fresh and if you ask an employee in the produce area for anything, they know the entire store and can assist you with any question or concern.  They are super helpful.  

You don't need a membership card or anything like that to shop at Glaziers.  If it's on sale, it's on sale.  The only thing I advise is that if you live in the area, check your mail.  Sometimes their mailers have great coupons and additional discounts to offer.
Not bad, not bad. Made my way to check out this market and let me say; pretty impressive! 

Freshness all around! I spent about an hour at this market and 40 minutes of it was probably at the pastry section trying to make up my mind on what to get! Loved the Boars Head Deli, you can have goodies catered, all fresh ham/cheese platter or even chicken-wing platter! Yum. 

Produce was fresh, market was clean, customer service was stellar AND I found lady fingers! Had been looking for these everywhere. :-D
I live very close to this store and actually first visited it during the opening weekend.  Between that first visit and several others, I can honestly describe the customer service at this store as the very worst I have ever dealt with at a grocery store.

On four different occasions, I have tried to order something from their counter staffers and have been given the run-around each time(eg. "well, we have to heat up the plate so it'll take a minimum of forty minutes to make that burger"), outright and blatant lies to avoid work (eg. "ummm, the girl that takes those orders is on a break and won't be back for fifteen minutes and then it'll take a long time") and just plain rudeness as they ignore me while I wait to place an order.

I gave up on this store after these lazy mouth-breathers at the counter decided that they didn't have to work.  I'm happy to keep shopping at Vons across the street.
Why didn't find this place sooner?!  So many speciality items in the deli, fresh food to go, the produce diverse and the prices way lower than I had expected.  I love the pineapple fritter from the bakery - so good, and the fresh green chile and chicken tamales - I didn't even go through the store entirely - it's that big!  Very unique items that you don't find in chain markets even Whole Foods or Trader Joes - well worth a trip and the drive.
When we moved to Vegas from South Carolina we were told by many the Glaziers was the best store in the area. While it is a nice store with great fresh food options, it also left us wanting more. The prices are not the best and it seems every time I go I spend more than I would if I went to Von's across the street for the same items. I will keep shopping here occasionally for the some of their fresh foods but for the rest I'll just across the street.
Best grocery store in Vegas!  It is really far from my house so I'm lucky if I get here once every month or two.  The reason we went the first time was because we heard they carry Jay's potato chips from Chicago.  We went and they didn't have them in stock but we fell in love with the store.  They have a great deli.  I love that you can order from the kiosk and they will text you when your order is ready.  Their seafood and meat section is awesome.  They have 6 kinds of bacon!  We can make our own bacon flight!  They have everything for Chicago dogs from the poppy seed bun to the celery salt and everything in between.  If you are a homesick Chicagoan check them out.  They also carry Green River soda and a few different frozen deep dish pizzas, Uno's, Lou Malnatis, etc.  The frozen pizzas weren't great but I was happy they had them to try.  I love this grocery store.  I wish they would open one in Henderson.
I like everything about this store and it would get a five star but their produce does not last beyond a day or two once you get it home.  If you buy produce here you had better use it that day.  Very poor quality in their produce.  However their Deli rocks!
I love this place almost as much as Trader Joes and SPROUTS. Forget OVERPRICED WHOLE FOODS (yuck). THIS is the market for interesting, affordable groceries with INCREDIBLE service. Paper bags would be the only thing I would say needs to change. Trader Joes is the only grocer that uses paper bags and I LOVE THAT! HATE the plastic bags.
This is for the produce only. I had gone here before about 3 months ago. The produce then was rotten and had bugs flying around it. I ventured to give it a try again to see if there were any improvements. I sadly did not find an improvement in the produce section. They are still rotten and badly bruised.
This review is for glaziers "restauraunt", specifically the sandwitch and gelato sections. 

My mother and I ordered a cheese steak to split. The sandwitches usually take about 8 minutes to cook so we walked off to look at the sushi. Walked back 5 minutes later and the guy still hadnt put our meat on the griddle. He had just pulled a block of cheese from the fridge when he saw us walk back. Mind you, there were no other sandwitches being made or customers in line. Ended up waiting about fifteen minutes for our sandwitch. 

We ate our sandwitch in the seatig area, and I dont blame the employee for this following statement because glaziers has theiir way of doing things (maybe the employee didnt follow the protocall) but there was no flavor in the meat! No salt or pepper, nothing zesty, nothin cultural or interestig. Its not a real philly, its meat with veggies and cheese. Oh well.

walked over to the gelato section for desert. Asked for a few samples, and HOLY SMOKES is that girl TIRED of giving people samples. She was litterally SMACKING HER HAND into the "samplig spoon jar" in impatience of letting us try 3 combined samples.I settled on chocolate just to keep from getting her angry. That shouldnt happen in any service business. Didnt even crack a half smile.

All in all, I love the market, but  Mr. Glazier,  please get a serious manager over in that area. I dont plan on ever buying from your restaurant again. It was a negative experience, and my mom was completely disgusted with it. Why am I spending my hard earned money to have lunch with my mom, only to be shat on by your employees?

looking forward to hearing a response from you.
It is not for SoCal eaters as there is limited truly healthy options, i.e the gluten free section is small.  The local organic GMO nitrate free is limited.  You cannot find Vegan ramen or typical preservative free, chemical free Whole foods or Sprouts style foods here.  However, if you need red cancer causing meats, freshly made icky Beef, Pork, or other animal meats, they have it fresh.  The sausage area is impressively designed for cancer fearless beef eaters.  The cheese area has PolyO heart attack waiting for you cheeses.  If you miss east coast style fattening foods that is sure to make you a heavy weight, this is your grocery store.  I prefer SoCal free range non GMO local organic, so I will stay away from here.  But, my NJ friends love being fat and love this place.  They specifically import NJ, NY, Chicago specialty brand foods.  Canoli shells, gluten laden pastries, processed deli meats, canola toxic oil, all here waiting for those wanting to seek medical care often.
Overall I enjoy this grocery store but a few words of caution: Be sure to inspect anything you buy in the seafood section. I purchased stone crab claws and upon opening up the bag to steam them, saw a dark blue/blackish discoloration inside the shells of each claw. Turns out it was moldy. Bonus: the manager would not accept a return.  Despite their " flown in daily" sign, it is obvious they sell rotten seafood from time to time.
OMG really good produce!!! I live right next to this place and I really like it! I thought it was going to be like a whole foods but its was sooo different than every other store ive been in. They have some really fresh stuff in there and some easy ready to make foods there as well for those late last minute dinners.
This is my new regular grocery store. Impressed with the customer service. Can find everything you want here.
This place is great with food but kind of overpriced on other stuff besides that. Place is real clean and customer service is excellent. Definately a place to buy food if you live in the southwest area!
I love this place! It's a huge super market complete with a deli, bakery, eatery, and everything else.  No really, everything else.  It's a great hidden gem for east coast goodies as well!

I 110% approve of their pizza.  You can change things up and get a huge 28" pie for just $20 bucks! It's not good stuff, it's great stuff. Seriously.
This is one of the best grocery stores I have been too. They have so much variety that can't be found in most stores. I love that you can order from a deli kiosk and they have it all ready for you to pick up before you check out, no line! They also have some great deals on meat selections. The whole atmosphere is awesome!!
I appreciate the Cincinnati style chili. Hard to find since I left that town.
The employees are very helpful here and it's cool seeing the owner sitting in the food court everyday talking to staff and friends. A nice change of pace from the usual bland supermarket chains. Sort of like a Whole Foods and Trader Joe's on steroids!
Been here a few times because I was too lazy to drive to my regular soho a few more miles down. Was in and out so I never really took the place in. Then one day I heard they had a salad bar and I had to go back. I didn't even remember seeing one my first few visits. When I get there I heard a choir and I laid my eyes on said salad bar not to mention gelato, pizza,sushi, you name it. Crazy I missed it. This place is awesome. Salad bat was even better than whole foods. Very clean and well kept. Music in the background makes u feel like you're shopping in a movie. I keep getting the loopy cashier who just loves to talk about her plans once she's free. Can't stay away from this place. Dukedom here I come
I like shopping here for all my grocery needs and it's actually really nice..  They even have amazing Friday night dinner special that's worth every penny.  I haven't tried the salad bar because those things freak me out being out in the open for anyone to contaminant it.  The Flyers we get at the house can be crazy chopped prices some days.  This store is always packed on days they sell things cheaply, you're better off grabbing what you need and getting the heck out of dodge.

Regular patrons can be ignorant as heck.  Mostly people with their heads up their a**es. Two examples: Leaving a shopping cart in the check out line when I'm clearly waiting my turn, then turning around and smirking at me. Number two people who buy 6 bottles of wine, walk up to the line with not one but TWO neon green signs that say in bold "cashier is under 21".  Ignorance is bliss..  Still loads better than shopping at Walmart.  Produce can be great some days and others it's "meh".
More east coast products. Lots of fresh pastas always great variety.  Clean deli and great food court pizza. All around a good grocery store that emulates wholefoods feel, food4less isles and prices. Lol
I want to love this store. And there isn't any reason why I shouldn't. It has everything I love. I can't even list all the things I love because there are just too many. So, I'll list the one thing that made me stop shopping here: Customer Service. 
We are a Boars Head family. It is the only lunch meat we eat. And Glaziers has a really beautiful deli with a super easy & convenient kiosk for ordering. It's stocked with everything you could ever want. Except a staff that knows how to slice this superior product. My cheese is consistently dirty. Meaning you can see remnants of the last cheese they sliced all over my cheese--same thing has happened with my ham...remnants of roast beef all over it. The cheese is never nicely sliced or separated by wax, by the time I get home, all the slices are kinda just molded into one lump. Impossible to separate without it tearing. If I order something sliced thin or very thin, I shouldn't have a bag full of of thick slabs of meat. I've ordered 'very thin' salami and it's so thick that you would think it's a joke. It has happened so often that I just go to Smith's for my Boars Head. But every once in a while, I'll stop at Glaziers and give the deli another chance. And it always ends in total disappointment. I love their amazing bakery too, but sadly there is never anyone back there to slice my bread. Like I said there are so many things I love about this market that would keep me coming back for more, but there's just one thing that keeps me away: basic customer service.
We really want to like this place...... but for the last 4 times we've tried to buy organic vegetables, they are all horrible in quality. Some even had mold on them! We also bought some Vlasic pickles that we opened when we got home and found them to be rotten with an expiration date of 2 months earlier! Our fault for not check at the store, but I don't know how that could possibly of happened if they were rotating their stock.
This is my favorite grocery in Las Vegas. The salad bar is excellent. I can watch sushi being made in the store. They have Boar's Head meats. I often see management personnel walking around the store keeping an eye on things. They have products that are sometimes hard to find west of the Mississippi. Great store. Nice layout.
I see myself getting all my future grocery shopping done here.

This place is amazingly HUGE! There's signs outside saying it was rated Las Vegas's Best Grocery Store so I figured I'd take a look to see what the hype was about.

This market place has a bakery, butcher, deli, and an ice cream/gelato place. I was totally not expecting that. They even have a separate section for organic foods which I didn't really get a chance to inspect, but appeared to have a good selection. This store is huge. You definitely don't think it would be from the outside, but it is.

May this place continue to be Las Vegas' #1 grocery store.
Their food court is better than the mall's!
The market is a very good market but recently it's been getting difficult to shop there.  It seems there is a problem with their management of getting prices into the system.  The last five times there the checkout lines were held up for manual price checks.  I was a third person in line today with a product that I knew would not be in the system.  It's Chef Prodohmes Chitpotle sauce and it's 5.39.  I knew it wasn't in the system so I wrote it down and told the checker who refused to take me at my word.  So I told her skip it.  This was after another person in line ahead of me had the same problem on a different item.  And we had to wait several minutes because the person who does price checks was busy looking up two other aisles with the same problem.  

C'mon Glaziers!  If you know it's not in the system have your checkers write down the SKU, and price with a description and PUT IT IN THE SYSTEM.  This is very customer unfriendly and it's getting worse.  It keeps happening.  Over, and over again.  

I would give this place 4 stars if they never had this issue.
I love this store. I don't know why, but I do.

I'll start with the reasons I shouldn't love it...okay, yes, produce is hot or not.. Sometimes they have THE BEST looking everything, and sometimes things are on their last leg.

Sometimes their prices beat everyone in town. Sometimes things are priced high.

Sometimes the employees grumble and seem annoyed but mostly NOT. It seems the owner runs a tight ship, so some stress is understandable... the attention to detail is usually obvious.

I love that they are owned and operated by a family. I do most of my shopping here regardless of any negative aspects. They try to bring things in that people request. They carry Chicago products that no one else carries. They have, in my opinion, a really good pizza whether you take & bake or get already made.

I guess I like the vibe, when I first shopped here I didn't "get it" it seemed weird, the food court and the store. Now, I just like it. It's different and it's small business in a way that chain supermarkets are not. I think it would fall in the "Locavore" category. They even carry locally produced stuff, Pahrump Valley Coffee & CJ's Custard are 2 of my favorites.

I love that I can bring my grandmother here and she can argue with the owner about pineapples. ;)

Please bring back CHINA MIST tea! It was my fave!
While I have been shopping with them for years, I recently have made the decision to no longer shop at Glaziers. Selection is alright, and while they do get some odd imported items here and there, Its not much to write home about. Produce selection can be hit and miss as other reviewers have stated, and the butcher is no better than any other supermarket (I would much rather go to The Butcher Block down the road). Pricing on items is also pretty standard some deals and some ripoffs. 

However, the one thing that has really made me decide to shop elsewhere is the "Shopping Gestapo" they keep posted at the front of the store. While some may refer to them as "Greeters" I find they do very little greeting at all and mostly just stand at the front looking intimidating, clearly there as loss prevention. Putting large orange stickers that read "paid" on any non bagged items so the Gestapo can verify that the item was indeed paid for.
Furthermore, they force you to leave any backpacks with them, now I ride a motorcycle and as such use a backpack to carry my items back home. I understand that for them allowing me too keep it on carries some risk but with cameras watching the isles and the relative difficulty to stash something in a bag on your back compared to say... a purse. I feel all these things are a bit much and it all shows of poor respect for your customers, as well as detracts from the shopping experience.

Granted, I can somewhat see why they may have started to enforce such a rule with there being a high school sort of near by, but this too is rather ageist don't you think? I know I look pretty young despite being an adult, but I'm holding a motorcycle helmet, I'm wearing protective gear. Would a teenager looking to shoplift have these things? Whats more, they say nothing about my helmet, one could hide something in there so much faster, while being much less assuming.

Anyway this is just my experience and will be taking my business elsewhere.
This is my absolute favorite grocery store in Vegas. They have a great selection of produce that is always so fresh. The employees are always friendly and helpful and the check out lines are never long. They also always have a great selection of wines on sale.
I came here because I was told that they stock all the ingredients to make tiramisu. Everything was overpriced, the mascarpone cheese were expired, and the cashier forgot to bag my cocoa powder! And the humus I bought was expired too! Yes, I forgot to check the expiration date on the humus, but really?
I've concluded that Glazier's really is the best grocery store in Las Vegas.  Yes, they have the usual selection of produce, canned goods, meats, dairy, frozen, etc., but then they serve hot prepared food (steak night on Friday) and have lots of stuff from their bakery - and the breads and donuts I've tried taste like them came from a "real" bakery rather than a supermarket department.  

The clincher, though, is that they are the only grocery store I've been to in Las Vegas with a huge selection of chip brands - Wise and Herr's.  Yummy flavors unavailable from the other (more common) manufacturers.
First let me start with Elaine at the automated self check out. I go to her for assistance and all I asked is for 8 dollars that I needed change for. Well, she seemed to be so lazy to count my change that she actually sent me to another register after she had already opened her register and could have easily pulled 8 dollars out of it. If you're already working and the register was opened what is the difficult part of counting $8. I absolutely dislike lazy employees. She did everything in her power to get rid of me as soon as possible.

So I go over to Wanda and ask for the same thing. Thankfully she took the time to count but sighed about 3 times in the process. I didn't ask you ladies to climb a mountain... I only asked for change. I am a paying customer just like everyone else so take the time to provide quality service without sighing or passing me off to another register. Las Vegas is a service industry so think about good service before you can think about the workload coming your way.

I give the 1 star because their food is good but their service is horrid.
When my friend told me about Glazier's Food Marketplace, I was so excited.  At last, Las Vegas has a top quality food mart similar to Whole Foods but a lot more inexpensive; and he's so right.  Their specialty items to their produce to their meat department is simply top notch and, their Deli is simply to die for.  The variety of salads and cheeses is second to none.  Glazier's also houses a variety of quality foods from the Midwest and East coast.  And if your favorite brand is not there from your home town, request it and it'll more than likely be there on your next visit.  One item I fell in love with and recommend is the Pastosa Pasta, located in the frozen section.  It originates from Brooklyn, New York, and comes in a variety of different pastas, such as large round ravioli, square ravioli, manicotti, stuffed shells, tortellini, gnocchi, lasagna, along with their fresh ingredient whole made sauces and is absolutely delish!  If you're from Chicago as I am, note that they also stock all the makings of a good Chicago dog, from the Vienna dogs to the neon green relish to the sport peppers!  Bon appetite!
Sadly, today I decided to review after a horrible experience yesterday. I went in because they have Blue Bell ice cream on sale for $3.98. I grab a vanilla and a no sugar added chocolate and head to the register. The vanilla rings up at $3.98 and the NSA chocolate rings up at $6.99. I told the cashier that must be a mistake. Another girl checks and tells me that NSA Vanilla is on the sale but the chocolate and strawberry are not????? WTF!!!! That is just ridiculous. I really like this store but pettiness like that will probably cause me to not shop there, ever again.
Glazier's is not a friendly place and is certainly NOT the Best of Las Vegas.  At 8:30 am I approached the meat and fish counter.  There were about 6 people working behind the counter.  After a few minutes of being ignored someone finally came over and asked me what I wanted.  Not a "good morning" or "welcome" which goes a long way to customer satisfaction but "do you need some help?"  Remember, it is 8:30 am and there can't be more than 5 customers in the entire store.  After previously looking at their packaged porterhouse steaks which were less and an inch think I asked the man behind the counter if I could get 2 porterhouse steaks cut an inch and a half thick.  He looked at me with somewhat of a bothered look and said yes but he could not charge me the sale price of $6.98/lb.  I asked what he would charge me and he said $9.98/lb.  

The two steaks would have probably been 3 lbs. total so he wanted to charge me $9.00 just to cut two steaks.  Isn't the sole job of a butcher to cut meat?  I guess not at Glazier's.  And isn't the job of any business to make their customers as happy and satisfied as possible?  I guess not at Glazier's.  Stay away from this market and go somewhere else where they actually care about their patrons.
My family orders pizza from here sometimes and I have to say it's delicious....Aaand I'm not even a big fan of pizza
I absolutely love this place!! Being a New Yorker, I love that I can find specific food items here that I cannot find anywhere else. I love that it is family owned. The produce prices are amazing!!! The only reason that I gave it four stars is that every time I've been in there is an employee who is complaining about work. It's just unprofessional and not really inviting. They're not all that way but they should not be saying that in front of customers. Maybe I'm crazy for thinking that.
Something's are worth driving for. What's  the big deal about Glaziers? It's locally owned and the family is from the east coast. They have such a variety of different foods from across the country, it's a fun grocery trip. Real New York bagels and all sorts of goodies. And if you're not in the mood for cooking they have something for you too. A huge area of freshly prepared meals for one or two. The produce is ok.. and the prices can be good or bad depending on what you buy. Pto can even get a cooked steak dinner on Friday nights. Food for thought...
Some may say they are overpriced but the quality of food is worth it. The multiple facets of freshly made food daily from local residents as well as their exquisite food court options makes this grocery store very unique. Also Mr Glazier, himself, is big into fundraising events and helping local charities. If they would get some kosher chicken breasts in as well as kosher beef this place would be perfecto! I highly recommend this grocery store it has great options, fresh food and amazing quality from around the world.
Pretty torn about Glazier's. When you walk in there is a ton of freshly prepared food waiting for you. Pick up a nice deli sammie, a huge pizza to-go, a meal to heat up later or a cafe latte. 5-stars!... But then you hit the weak produce section, the tiny lil' 'healthy' section and you come back down to reality... Glazier's is just a normal-ish market. Given, you'll find some gems along the way (I snagged a random knish from Chicago that was so damn good), but for the most part it was a let down for me. Take into account I can only judge on the crap that I typically buy, so this could be your favorite store. For me, it's just A-OK. Somewhere above a Von's but way below a WF or TJ's.
I'm very confused why people think this is the best grocery store in Vegas.  I am consistently annoyed when coming here because while they carry kitschy items that most other stores don't carry, they don't carry many normal things, like a variety of tomato sauces, pickles or olives.  They also don't have a very good organic produce section.   I would much rather pay more and go across the street to Von's than be frustrated going into this store.
This is the worst managed store in las vegas! absolute horrible people run and own this store!! dont support them!!!! 

I was almost attacked by a guy in the parking lot that parked right on top of my ada handicap spot and then proceeded to cuss me out when I get out of my car. I confronted him on what his problem was and he quickIy ran in the store when he realized I am not someone he can bully. The management then came to the door and would not let me enter and kicked me off the premises as if I was wrong and not attacked by some strange man that parked so close to the line I could even get out. I am a regular at this store and probably one of the biggest customers too. Now that I know how the managers are and that they support bullying in there parking lot I will never return. Be careful if you go and pack a gun or a knife as the parking lot is not safe. Also you may not be able to get the food you need to feed your family if attacked as management supports bullying and harassment of their customers. I will find a store that I can shop at safely and where the management cares about my experience rather than be cussed out and the bully being able to shop. Sad sad experience!!! Wont be shopping here again!!!
Glazier's is yet the best in town for me. Not to mention the great Fruit Cake that they have and it comes with a reasonable price! It's so delicious we always come back for it. :D
I only come here to get all east coast nostalgic. The fact is this place is overpriced and they hire the biggest idiots. Let me tell you about my coffee experience today: we stop by their coffee shop and order an iced mocha and an iced white mocha. The girl that looked maybe 16 pulls out her coffee recipe book. This is where we should have said Nevermind. I have no problem with people using recipe books but I do have a problem when they don't know simple measurements. She takes an 18oz cup and proceeds to pick at the ice. She looked like she really feared the ice bucket. She finally gets a scoop of ice and then grabs a gallon of milk. She poured 17oz of milk in the cup! That's when I flipped and canceled the order. We ordered coffee, not iced milks. When I cancelled and explained that was too much milk she looked all bewildered like an abused teen in a Lifetime movie. I just can't get over the fact she couldn't make something as simple as coffee. Then i start checking out and the cashier throws my wonder bread into my cart. Seriously THROWS it. Funny thing is this sort of incompetence wouldn't be tolerated in NYC.
I used to shop at Glaziers all the time a few years ago, when I lived in the Silverado Ranch area.  I recall they always seemed to have good deals, and good produce.

This weekend, for the 4th of July, my fella and I stopped in to take a look at their meat selection for a "grill off" competition we were participating in.  

First of all, what a selection in their seafood department!!  A huge slab of yellowtail Tuna (although I heard from another Yelper that this was not really good), HUGE shrimp that looked amazing, lobster tails, king crab clusters (not just the legs), and monkfish!  I've never seen monkfish anywhere, and at $7 a pound, we got 4 pieces and had a delightful lunch.

We also found veal chops, which my fella and I had never seen before.  The chops were about an inch thick, so we asked the guys behind the counter if they could do a custom cut (inch and a half) for us.  They were more than happy to, showing us the meat and where it would be cut prior to doing it.  

This right here is what makes me prefer Glazier's over Smith's.  At Smith's, the guys working the meat department are high school kids who don't know what a Cowboy cut is.  These guys actually KNOW what they are doing, and they know about the meat, the different cuts, etc.  

I am definitely thinking that we will start shopping here more frequently again.  

The produce looked great, and we picked up broccolini and endive, which I haven't seen in many other stores.
This is my favorite place for veggies & fruits. They are so fresh & cheap! Good selection to buy especially if you're into juicing.
I used to shop at Glazier's a lot.  However, I only go there now for the stuff I can't get anywhere else.  Watch the expiration dates on their merchandise.  They either don't rotate stuff well or they just don't care.  I've actually seen a lot of their dairy stuff either with expiration dates approaching in the day or two or already expired merchandise.  I've also seen cheese with mold on it there.  The staff is not friendly at all either.  Not to mention, they have all these signs with rules on them.  The customer's always right?!  Not at this store.  And the prices on their staples and non-perishables are much higher than the other stores.   I'd love to support local businesses over national chains, but they've got to give me a reason.
$5.99 cheese pizza on Wednesdays. Not the best but more than worth the price!

Wide selection of ready-made sweets and treats - much better than most other generic ones found in grocery stores (of course not comparable to dedicated cake shops with on site bakeries but you don't pay that much either).
To my surprise, the turkey club sandwich I bought at Kokopeli Deli located at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Aiport (Terminal 3) was quite tasty!  Aside from a good amount of turkey, it came with tomato, lettuce, crispy bacon and mayonnaise on wheat bread.  The turkey tasted well with the warm crispy bacon and juicy tomato slices.  The downside, as all food sold at airports, the price for the turkey club sandwich was a bit high at $7.50 with a soft drink bottle at $2.70!
Stuck in PHX airport and need something that's not pizza or burgers? This place has expensive, but decent, salads that don't suck like most airports' salads do. I had the chicken Caesar which was fresh and pretty generous. 

They also have a "Chinois" salad which I think is Arizonan for Chinese. :)
Service is the word or lack of it.  WOW!
Yet another terrible airport restaurant! Terrible, terrible, terrible. All I wanted was a simple sandwich to go. First, $8 for a simple turkey sandwich?  When I asked for it "to go" he put a lid on the plate. Really?  How am I supposed to fit that in my luggage??  All I wanted was a subway style piece of paper!
It's in the airport !!! it gets two stars if you can eat the whole sandwich without gagging.
Service was so slow.  Food was so so but better airport choices then this place.
This place is the only food one inside terminal 3 American Airlines gates, it is supposed to open at 5 am but at 5:15 am it is still closed. The 2 employees are just starting to set up and there is a line of people waiting to get some coffee and they don't care to even tell you how long it will take them to open.
No wonder they have such bad reviews!
Finally opened at 5;22 am
Whatever you do, do not eat here. Service is slow and the food is not worth the price. Stop at Starbucks prior to entering security and grab something there.
Unfortunately this was not a great food experince. I was drawn in by the word Delicatessen.....to me it was more like a hospital cafeteria...and I hate to say it but hospital cafeterias are much classier! 

My gut feeling as we lined up was to get out of there. I chose not to say anything as I had already refused my husbands suggestion of going through the In and Out burger drive thru and I thought it would probably be too annoying of me to refuse this as well! Little did I know he was having the same fears but also decided to just go with the flow.

My husband had the hot pastrami sandwich which was dry and to quote "worst pastrami sandwich ever...the pastrami from hell". I had the stuffed cabbage which was stuffed with what looked and tasted like raw ground beef....and that was the tastiest part of it! Eeeek. I had two bites.....and was not risking any more. We did not go back to the counter to complain or get our money back because we really could not be bothered waiting all over again and just wanted to leave.

The one star is for the fact they sell Snapple Iced Tea which without I would not have been able to revive my tastebuds.
I was in the area recently checking out some of the stores at The Quarter and the wife and I decided to go to this location of Miracle Mile as I had some gift cards burning a hole in my pocket.  This location is similarly themed to the others ones in town, and being brand new (grand opening sign was still up on the north side of the building) everything was super clean.  I was also surprised at how many seats they had, seemed like there was probably over 200 seats.  Another nice touch in that department is that at a couple points in the queue, there were signs that said 'you will be served in x minutes'...very handy  seeing as how I'm sure they will have a lot of professionals in the area popping in for a quick lunch.  

We ordered a Jax special (1.5 sandwiches) of the brisket on kaiser.  The brisket was good (even though my homemade is better :) ) and the kaiser roll was excellent.  The horseradish to supplement was nice and spicy, gave a good kick.  Also had a nice Dr. Brown's Black Cherry soda to go with it...hey when at a jewish deli...   The one drawback of the meal, which is always hit or miss at Miracle Mile, was the fries.  Seems like 50% of the time, I get fries that are definitely not old, but they are definitely not fresh.  I can't fathom why this happens so often, especially with the volume of people that they run through there.  

Other than the fries, as mentioned, everything else was good, including the service.  In fact, they had someone carry our tray to the table for us, which is something I can never remember happening before.  Nice touch.  Definitely I will be back to the MM locations across the valley.
There is only one reason for the 3 stars..and that is called the New Yorker. Do yourself a favor and go to the Miracle Mile Deli on Camelback. This one does not do it justice.

The Matzo ball soup is bland. And by bland I mean BLAND! I boxed that fucker up and gave it to my dogs.

The stuffed cabbage? Gross. Usually it tastes really good, but again I don't know what happened here. Icky. Just icky. This one just went in the trash.

The fries? Boo hiss. No salt. Zero. Zilch. Nada. And they were on the soggy side.

Overall, how to describe this Miracle Mile? B-L-A-N-D. So bland, that it would be too bland for my great grandmother. In and Out next door is a much better option than this crap.
Bah, this place has gone downhill IMHO.  I went to the Promenade location for lunch this week craving some good corned beef and chicken noodle soup.  Nine dollars for the combo plate (no drink as again they serve b.s. Pepsi products) and I sat down only to be disappointed in the value, and the food was kinda blah if you ask me.
To their credit, my side of fries could not have been more perfect-hot, thin, crisp...just like me LOL :)
I was up in Scottsdale doing some shopping on Saturday, and decided to stop here and get something to eat. I love deli food, and figured this was the place to stop. 

I dont dislike this place.  I could (and would) take my mom here and probably have a good time.  Thats not my point. but, I found a few things that irked me, and I was torn between 3 and 4 stars.

When I walked in, I noticed its cafereria style deli.  You stand in line, order, and they scoop your food onto a plate and serve you.  The line was long, and if I was in a hurry, I would have turned around and left.  I stayed, because I wanted to try the food.

My first grave disapointment was not only the long line, but the menu overhead.  It seemed kind of McDonalds-ish, and slim.  I grabbed a menu and realized they have a ton more dishes that didnt appear to be overhead.  really?  why is that?  Delis are supposed to have huge menus!  argh.

Anyways, I didnt want a HUGE meal.  I wanted a light lunch, not a 10 pound pastrami sandwich for 10 million dollars.  After reviewing the menu, I decided to get the 3 Latkes (potato pancakes) for $5.95 and a drink.   I placed my order, and the service was nice enough. (no complaints there, really.)  It was awkward because I moseyed up to the register and paid, for a grand total of $8.04.  (ouch!)  

I mean, its a deli, and deli food aint cheap, but dam, thats a lot, considering Im not gettting waiter service, sit down treatment, and its not like your making it fresh for me from a batter on the grill.  You probably have some premade latkes that your reheating for me, and serving.  when they came out, thats kind of how they tasted.  They werent bad, but they were mostly greasy, and kind of floppy.  Usually, a good latke is more firm, and will have some "grease" from the grill, but this was more then that. Meh.

Anyways, seating was at your own risk.  Lots of big party tables, and a few scattered 2 tops.  I guess they anticipate lots of large 8 person parties to come here and dine? I kind of feel bad for taking up a  person table because theres no where else to sit.

This place isnt bad, and its a great alternative to Chompies.  I dont want to sound overly critical, but I feel like its got room for improvement.  Some of the food looked kind of sad, and considering how expensive it is, I think they could do a little bit more with presentation.  I mean, scooping me brisket out of a hotpan and charging me an arm and a leg seems kinda poopy, ya know?
I've been to several of the Miracle Mile Deli locations over the years.  If you want comfort food, this is the place.

I was here today for lunch.  One of the specials on Thursdays is meatloaf and that is what I ordered.  It was a good sized portion and I had the mashed potatoes with gravy as my side.  What a yummy good stick-to-your ribs meal!

Several times the servers came around while I was eating and offered to refill my iced tea which was very nice.

I'm looking forward to coming back!
Friendly service, great sandwiches- Always love a good Pastrami sandwich! They actually have some healthy options too.
I've been eyeing this place for awhile now, and decided to finally take the leap to try it out. My mom and I hadn't an clue what was on the menu but definitely up for trying something new Sunday afternoon. 

Now I can't say I'm a fan of the winding line that lead to what reminded me of the Ikea cafeteria dishing area; I can say the food was absolutely delicious. My mother and I narrowed in on an original Pastrami w/ mustard sandwich with the shoestring fries and kosher pickle. They had to have piled on nearly half a pound of meat that was soo juicy, onto an Onion roll (which I requested, but you have a handful of bread choices to choose from). I have to add, that they have a house blueberry tea that was very refreshing and tasty as well. 

I had a positive experience and plan on heading back soon to try out one of their many desserts that looks amazing, but I had no room for this visit.
There is no possible way to fit the mile high sandwich into a normal size mouth.  No possible way at all.  At first I said whoa $10 for a sandwich but   once I saw it I thought I was getting a deal.  Soup was so so and lunchtime seating is scarce but the food is tasty.
A simple, healthy, pleasant meal without pretense in the Scotts Rd/Frank Lloyd Wright neighborhood.  Yeah, right - it doesn't exist except at Miracle Mile.  Anytime we want to eat, we always have to choose between spending over an hour doing it (between waiting for a table and service focused on upsell), gut busting food or driving 15 minutes away (back to the hour plus).  Miracle Mile has great diversity on their menu, gets you in and out, and has tons of seating in a pretty pleasant and very clean dining area.  Miracle Mile probably isn't worth driving out of my way for, but I'm sure glad it's nearby.
Need a quick meal for lunch?  Well Miracle Mile has your sandwich ready and on time.  I was really fascinated by how fast I got my sandwich.  They definitely had it down like a production line.   My sandwich was okay...it's nothing to rave about.  I think you could go to any small deli sandwich shop and get the same taste.  However, like I said if you're on a rush eh...go for it!
If you are a fan of Pastrami like myself, then this is the place for you dude. The buns are fresh and fries are pretty tasty as well. Nice option for lunch since they move folks through line rather quickly.
Loved it, thought it was great. Been to both the Phx and Scottsdale location.  I've read that some peeps didn't like the long line but they do make all sandwiches fresh....I didn't mind the wait (even with 2 small kids in tow). Bread and pastrami was delish. The service was fine - we went on  a Sunday, so it was rather slow...so maybe that was why we got such great service? Who knows. All I know is that we'll be back! :0)
This place has a very good egg salad. And considering this is a deli where you order from the counter, they have good service. They refill your water, clear plates, and bring you what you need. For a reasonable price this is a good place to grab a quick lunch.
I haven't been a regular here, only because it's not in my neighborhood. If you crave a Jewish Deli, put this one on your "must do" list. Their corned beef, pastrami, rye breads and wide selection of cheeses are superb. Serving is done on a cafeteria basis, just make your selections & get set to enjoy a terrific lunch/dinner.
Right up there with Katz's deli in NYC. Amazingly perfect pastrami on a true reuben. Excellent choice for brunch - especially since the line didn't start until noon (a "miracle" around here.) For any reviewers chatting about the lines/format/menus - it's likely because you've never been to a real NYC deli. This place is that, exactly. And nails it. Great work!
This is my first review here but I willgo back to try a sandwich. I went in for lunch and met a couple people. I only got a soup and salad because the staff was rushing me to decide. There were way too many choices with way too much pressure. I was really looking forward to a good sandwich too :(. The soup an salad was ok but not satisfying. My boyfriend has the pulled pork and he was unsatisfied. He said and I agree that it was pure sauce and you could never tell what meat it was because of the sauce overload and because of the look of the meat. scary!!!
the New yorker is the most amazing sandwiched I've ever had
My sister and I decided we needed to check out this place since her husband and a friend of mine said it was the bomb.  Well, I would say it is closer to a water-balloon?  She had the Turkey and I had the Club, neither were great and we both complained of hard bread.  The guys in front of us confidently ordered the Hot Pastrami, which is evidently "World Famous."  I'm not going to write this place off, since it's near a few good clients who I could see ordering the Hot Pastrami.  If it wasn't convenient, I wouldn't go back.
I'm from New York and since moving to the west, I've really missed having a good deli. I feel like some places really skimp on the meat and their bread-to-meat ratio is just wrong. Miracle Mile however does it right. They pile their sandwiches with great quality meat and their breads taste just like home. The best part is how quickly they get you in and out. I never have to worry about being gone from work for too long. Great experience!
Love the Brisket!!! benn going to all locations in the valley for years :)
I want to like Miracle Mile more than we did. 

The food is good, but the cafeteria style service doesn't help when you're paying $10 for a pastrami sandwich and $7 for a kosher (Hebrew National?) frank with a side of potato salad. Our total bill came in at just over $21.00. Ouch. 

Don't get me wrong, the food is good. It just doesn't seem very genuine as compared to Chompie's that is three miles away for the same price. 

Sorry!
I love Sandwiches.....so I decided to stop by this joint for lunch recently.  After browsing the menu for a minute, I decided I was going to order the New Yorker (Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Thousand Island Dressing, on Marbled Rye) w/Fries & Pickle for $8.99.  
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mKybTX2TTB_f_q9gj0s85Q?select=wYhry_TSaeyE3jlM3kqRTg
To wash it down, I ordered a large drink for $2.29.

When you walk in, you get into a line like a cafeteria.  Then you place your order with someone who prepares you meal for you and then pay the cashier.  
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mKybTX2TTB_f_q9gj0s85Q?select=5tUWH1ZbuhFAMnR5sYaztA
It's an efficient process and it allows you to see other people's orders just in case you want to change your mind.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mKybTX2TTB_f_q9gj0s85Q?select=XQa5ffhPOJPUWHb_ULqogQ

I couldn't wait to take a bite out of my Sandwich.  The Cole Slaw comes inside the Sandwich, which I love.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mKybTX2TTB_f_q9gj0s85Q?select=Son0jYmuPk8BM11ZBga8dA
The only downside to this is that it makes the Sandwich very soggy fast as the Slaw will soak the Bread.  But that's OK with me.  I took one bite and thought the Sandwich was OK.  The flavor was pretty good, but I don't know, it wasn't great......didn't leave me wanting more.  The Fries were pretty good, but again just OK.  The Pickle was very good and was complimentary....very cool.

Overall, it was a good meal.  There are other Sandwiches on the menu that I want to try.

Return Factor - 65%
Every time I travel to Phoenix, I go to Miracle Mile. It is usually my first stop after I leave the airport. While San Francisco (where I am from) is known for its world-class restaurants, there are no great delis. Every deli in my city--from the traditional deli to the is-this-meat-or-is-this-tofu deli--pales in comparison to Miracle Mile. Either the deli has day-old, rubber-like meat or has bread so stale that a pigeon wouldn't eat it.
 

The sandwiches at Miracle Mile, in stark contrast to all of the other delis I've frequented, provide the perfect marriage between great meat and great bread. Their brisket and pastrami sandwiches are so good that every time I bite into them, I'm transported to another realm of consciousness!
I am astounded at all the positive reviews. This place was nasty and overpriced. Yeah, the manager came by with a free, gimmicky, baby cookie, but that doesn't make up for the horrid food. The turkey was dry, the macaroni'n'cheese tasted about as processed as it gets and the vegetables were dry and flavorless. One visit here and I'm donezo. Normally I don't hate a place this much and then get instantly compelled to review it on Yelp, but anyone reading this, go to Jason's Deli or even Subway... BOO!
Really thought I was going to like this place a lot more than I did. The service was really fast and friendly and the atmosphere was hopping, but that's the best I can say. I was really disappointed in the sandwiches we had. The bread was just standard store bought bread, and the meat (especially the turkey) was just gross processed yuck. Also this might be a little nit picky, but it tilts me so much when I get a sandwich and the meat is all squished up in a ball in the middle and you can tell they didn't even attempt to evenly distribute it over the bread.

So yeah, we were really disappointed given the hype MMD has. And like many others have said, for the quality, the price is WAY too high. There are a bunch of other local gourmet shops with the same prices and killer sandwiches.
If you want a huge, delicious sandwich, this is the place to go.  They offer a ton of options.  I opted for the Liverwurst and it was delish!  Potato pancakes?  Umm, yes please!  Keep in mind that this is a true deli...you have to wait in line.  I haven't been there during a lunch or dinner rush, but they actually have "approximate wait time" signs up, so I'm guessing they get pretty busy!  Definitely check this place out!
You never can never go wrong at MM.
I heard about this place after they started following me on Twitter. Curious by any restaurants I find online, I totally fell in love with their menu. I had to try it!

I went on a pretty slow weekend afternoon, and was surprised by how big the place was. It's kept up nice, has lots of room inside and out to sit, and the service is extremely quick!

I ordered the "Triple Decker" sandwich...the name says it all. It was piled high with meat and loaded with flavor. Sometimes, sandwich places in AZ just miss the mark in flavor and end up dry & bland, but Miracle Mile definitely doesn't. They know how to make a good sandwich.

So excited to find this place...or should I say, they found me! The price? It's about as much as any other place to grab a bite to eat for lunch. Can't complain!
We've been here a number of times in the last couple months.  Husband is more the deli fan than me and he likes this place.  He enjoys the New Yorker sandwich - pastrami with coleslaw and thousand island dressing on an onion roll.   It's a giant sloppy mess but he seems to be smiling during the consumption process.  Me - I'm not so high on this place.  I could list 100 reasons why but the biggest complaint I have is that if they call themselves a DELI and are going to charge $8-10 for a sandwich, they need to atleast use decent bread.  Let me tell you, the bread (whatever kind you choose) is nothing special - order wheat and you get Orowheat straight from the grocery bag, or an onion bun you could also have bought from your local Safeway.  I think they need to go visit Chompie's and learn how to buy real deli bread from someone who knows how to make it.

Portions are large, overly so in my opinion.  Made the mistake one time of ordering mac & cheese.  Ugh - it was a giant bowl of mac with pasty cheese sauce.  Soups don't fare much better.  Navy bean sounded good - but it tasted like canned pork&beans with a thinner base.

One thing they seem to have right is the NY attitude.  The line servers are generally pretty nice and helpful but as you get down the line toward the cashiers, watch out.  They seem to consistently have snarly attitudes and are in a big rush to take your money and get on with it.  No smiling allowed.  Ok then, maybe they've been eating the food here too.
Let's say you were on the popular game show 'Jeopardy' and losing miserably to some a-hole who went to an Ivy league school, had no friends, and holed-up in his dorm all four years with his parakeet named Kilawea.

You have no possible chance of winning and in just a few moments, Alex and the crew will be giving you the bum's rush offstage,  as the audience marvels at how it is you've managed to dig a 10,000 point hole for yourself.

You need to pull something out of your ass and quickly. 
Luckily, the question, or rather the answer is:

This delicatessen, one of the oldest in Phoenix, is known for it's New Yorker on marbled rye. 

You can't believe your good fortune. It's the only answer you've got a chance at getting right and winning all the marbles. You hit the buzzer and proudly announce:
"What is....Katz's Deli?

What on earth is the matter with you? You blew it again. 
Everyone in Phoenix knows its Miracle Mile and if you havent been here, you need to try it. 
You won't be disappointed.

I hope Alex besmirches you when the camera isn't rolling. You deserve it!
Jesus!
If your ancestry is from one of those weird countries whose name ends in 'IA', like Bulgaria, Algeria, Bosnia, Romania....
You're genetically predisposed to liking cabbage rolls.

I'm not, but I love cabbage rolls just the same.
This place is where you go for great cabbage rolls.
One usually does me in due to the size, but if you're Bulgarian or something, you'll probably want the entire chaffing dish. (I think those 'IA' people are a fairly large breed)

The sauce, slightly sweet, the meat filling features raisins for added flavor.
They're a little pricey, but hey, where are you going to get cabbage rolls? 

If you like cabbage, and you're hoping to get even with your satanic co-worker tomorrow with a memorable,  grey-matter destroying case of the farts you got from overdoing it on the cabbage, I can't think of a better recipe. 

Don't deny your heritage...you're a fart-factory by nature. Feed the beast, I say. 
Come here and be the 'IAN'  you always knew you could.

Note: A side of cole slaw and cleaning up your wife's reuben also helps in this endeavor.
Cannot get enough of the turkey New Yorker sandwich. Am totally addicted! Service is great, friendly and efficient.
Awesome Reuben.  The kind of Reuben you dream about if you're the type to dream about sandwiches.  

First time I got it on rye, second time pumpernickel - pumpernickel was the clear winner for me.  Nice lean corned beef, not the kind I have to dismantle my sandwich to inspect and remove fat before eating.  It's a fairly big sandwich with a decent amount of meat. Husband had pastrami and chopped liver on rye the first time and loved it, however, after trying a bite of the Reuben became an immediate convert.

Fries are really good, potato salad delicious and cole slaw is excellent.  Mac & Cheese - no, don't do it, it's macaroni suspended in a sticky cheese paste.

Menu is big and they have great daily specials.  A very good deli.
This place makes me appreciate Jimmy Johns.  This place makes you feel like cattle being herded to the trough.  It's a Miracle they are still in business. You can get better sandwiches at Whole Foods or Jimmy Johns for a lower price!
Simply Awesome !!
Had the New Yorker sandwich and a bowl of matzo ball soup.

Sandwich good.

Fries...good but needed seasoning.

Matzo ball soup...meh.  I think a chicken stood next to the pot when they were making the broth but chose not to get in the water.

Regardless, I still kind of like the place.
Great service and pleasant staff.
I have gotten the stuffed cabbage every time I've been there now because it's something my husband would never eat if I did cook it at home.
It's so good!  Maybe I'm hooked.
Nice selection of desserts and gotta love that they have both beer and wine in individual size bottles.
Double plus is the coupons I find online.

The only downfall to this place is that they close early.
Yeah for the staff, boo for a customer with a late night craving for good East Coast style deli.
I've been back to Miracle Mile at least every other week since my last review and it is always excellent.

I've branched out a bit and tried the chili dog, kosher dog with mustard and sauerkraut and the New Yorker sandwich - all are awesome but I find it hard to get anything other than the Reuben, I swear it gets better each time.  Husband tried the chicken salad sandwich and he was absolutely impressed.  Good pickles too.

I received a nice note in reply to my first review so I tried the mac and cheese again last week, it is much better than the first time so I'll keep sampling during future trips.  I also love the redesign of their website, it's much easier to navigate.
Bigger is not always better, and this place proves it. The sandwiches are plenty, and the dishes are heaping, but the food is not flavorful. Add salt & pepper! Very clean and always busy, so nothing bad... Just decent.
I had heard of Miracle Mile and used to work near the one on Camelback but had never ate here until some co-workers invited my husband and me to lunch. Let's just say there's a reason why I hadn't ate here previously and it's because the food is just mediocre. There are way too many items to choose from and I think that makes it hard to perfect the food being served. I think if they narrowed down the menu, the food would be better. Also, being a deli, I would expect amazing sandwiches. Instead, they have mediocre sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, salads, and entrees like lasagna, stuffed cabbage, meatloaf, and baked fish. It really feels more like a cafeteria than a deli. 

Upon arrival, you have to wait in line - cafeteria style. I'm not real big on this as I feel rushed and it reminds me of high school cafeteria dining. It was really hard to narrow down what I wanted to eat and honestly I can't even remember because it wasn't that spectacular. (I know I ordered my sandwich on wheat bread, which was just average.) I also ordered fries with my sandwich. I always think it's hit or miss with fries and this was a miss in my book. They were thick, but not steak fries. So they weren't too crunchy and a little too soft. Also, they really needed some salt or any other spice. 

Both my husband and two co-workers ordered hot sandwiches - the pastrami and corned beef. The co-workers enjoyed their meals, but they were the reason why we stopped here to begin with. My husband thought his sandwich was okay, but again, nothing spectacular.

If the co-workers invited us to go back, I'd have to politely decline. This place wasn't really what I was expecting and I'm not real into cafeteria style dining. Obviously other people are, as the place was packed. Maybe they know something I don't?
Not a Deli person, I found myself eating here with some very Deli people, who wolfed down some good looking sandwiches. They seemed more than satisfied. The food is authentic.

I opted for a burger & fries & a brownie. Yum-o on the brownie. The burger was nice & the service was excellent. Easy access if you're in a wheelchair/power chair.
Great place to get some tasty Deli Favorites with quick and friendly service. Conveniently located in an area where you can get some shopping done at the same time. Inside is simple yet neat and tidy. Cafeteria approach rather than ordering from the table which is nice.

Ordered The Straw Sandwich which is Hot Pastrami, melted Swiss cheese and steamy sauerkraut piled high on your favorite bread. Comes with a pickle and a side. Wife got the Half a Reuben and Soup combo with a side. They have horseradish in little cups by the register when you check out that you have to try if you like spicy which I did. Food was fresh and tasty with OK size portions.

I do have to agree that the price is a little high for what you get compared to other guys in town which is why I only go 3 stars. Look for a COUPON in the weekly mailers to help save a little dough and take it to 4. Lehayim!
Love this place! The New Yorker is awesome!
The latest stop in my quest to find the best pastrami-on-rye in Valley. This place? Ew. 

Some of the meat was not chewable and the cole slaw had SUGAR in it. Nuff said.
This is a great place to come for lunch. The food is really good and it is always hard to make a choice. The macaroni and cheese is pretty wonderful.
Had the beef lasagna with steamed vegetables and some sourdough bread. All very good. Enjoyed the table service from the staff as I wouldn't expect it in this setting. The food seemed fresh even though it's served from a steam table (at least some entres and sides are). My wife's burger was cooked to order and she enjoyed it aswell.

Long story short... It's worth a stop in for a solid deli experience with a not always traditional deli menu.
What an interesting place. I felt like it was senior hour when we walked in. The place smelled great though.

Its cafeteria style service and they have a ton of items on the menu. This time around I went with the Turkado - turkey, bacon, avacado, lettuce, onions, tomatoes and yummy chipotle mayo. I got fries and a side of macaroni salad. Everything was really delicious although my order was the last time come out and everyone else got hot sandwiches so I thought that was odd.

I went with my company and everyone got the New Yorker, reuben or the tripple stacker. They were hot and delicious and we were all part of the clean plate club. The portions are huge.

The salads looked really great and so did some other items so I would love to go back and check more stuff out!
I've been to the MMD about half a dozen times now and each visit, it has been consistent and reliable.  It features a broad array of Jewish deli food items to more standard fare like hamburgers and mac n cheese.  Everything appears to be freshly prepared using real ingredients.  Due to the large selection and menu it may take you a minute or two to decide what you will have.  You order cafeteria style and you follow your entree down the line to soups, salads, desserts and beverages. 

I've sampled their hot dogs, pastrami, macaroni and cheese, cole slaw, fries and other various menu items.  I like that they also offer a pretty good selection of beer and small personal wine bottles along with a traditional deli slate of Dr. Brown soft drinks.

If I have any complaint, it's the price.  We had a late lunch here with our teen son and nephew and for the four of us the bill was nearly $65 which is pretty high for a cafeteria.  I might expect to pay that much in NYC but at a chain restaurant in northern Scottsdale.

If you like to enjoy good old comfort food from time to time, this is a good place to go.  If you're looking for a bargain, this isn't the place, although you could always order a cup and soup, a half sandwich and a drink and probably escape for under $15.
Stuffed cabbage - yum! I haven't had stuffed cabbage in years and this did not disappoint!

We really liked this place and will go back again and again. It was clean, restrooms were clean, food was great and the workers were friendly.
Was great for the last few visits. Recently, the meat selection has gotten fatty, and sub par from what it was. I ordered a pastrami sandwich, when I removed the top portion of the bread 1/8 of this sandwich had large amounts of fat trimmings. I went 1 more time later in the month, and ordered the beef brisket sandwich. Again, more than 1/8 of the meat was covered in fat.

The service is great, people are friendly, and the place is very clean, and I enjoy the other selections that this place has to offer However; it is way to expensive to be serving this type of quality!
I don't like leaving bad reviews but this place reminds me of a hospital cafeteria, from the food to the decor, and is overpriced in my opinion.
Cafeteria style deli serving good food. Over my lifetime I have eaten at the different MM restaurants, all with great success. Today I had pastrami on a kaiser roll with fries and a pickle. The pastrami was lean, tasty and not to salty. The fries were hot, fresh and crispy as always. The line may be long when you enter but it does move very fast. Free soft drink refills too!
Great food, great prices. My favorite is lasagna, one of the Wednesday's items. We also had an occasion to cater from this restaurant and the results were excellent. Their choices of dessert items are excellent as well as the taste and presentation. 

The staff is very friendly and attentive. The noise level is surprisingly low and moderate considering the size of dining area and the number of tables it has.
This was one of the more disgusting meals in deli history. How the hell has this fake-ass deli lasted so long..oh that's right it is in Phoenix. This place would get laughed out of New York in a heartbeat and how can they have the gall to call themselves a real NY deli. 

1. Stale Pumpernickel bread
2. No personality from the staff, including gang like tattoos on the cashier's arm
3. Cold, greasy and frozen french fries
4. Where the hell is the fresh sliced turkey? Did they slice it yesterday or Friday and then put it one of those baggies so they "can save time" with the big lines? Guess what, nobody was in line at 1pm today. Even the low level fast food chains slice in front of customers. Pathetic and embarrassing for the owners and management of this dumpy chain to serve us that crap. If you ever had real NY turkey, it doesn't taste like paper thin Oscar Meyer. 
5. Matzoh Ball soup from the Assembly line robots. Put mushy matzoh ball in cup then go behind counter and put in some carrots and tasteless celery broth with no sign of chicken or chicken flavor present at all.

I just feel like I was robbed from my $9.70 that I donated for the valley's worst deli. Yeah, I could have returned some stuff, but it was only half a sandwich and after few bites, I just 86ed the bread and didn't feel like explaining how crappy the food experience became. I should have walked when they unwrapped last week's turkey from it's little plastic wrapper home. Sometimes, you just take it on the chin and then try and spread the word and hopefully they will lose some business. They are too popular to care, probably with every person over 65 in Phoenix, who has no taste buds. It really is a Miracle that Miracle Mile has been around this long with such inferior products.
Joshua G. doesn't respond to negative reviews.
Another valley must have!  If you've lived here in Arizona for a while, then you've heard of Miracle Mile Deli.  They've been very popular in the valley for some time, and for good reason.  Some of the best deli foods served anywhere, at a decent price, and very clean.  I saw someone comment that the place reminded them of a hospital with it's cleanliness. Well, it is very clean, but not to the point of not wanting to be there...that's silly.  Always good service and very quick.  I will always recommend this Deli to friends.
We were out shopping and it was lunch time so we stopped in here without checking yelp. Big Mistake.

It's not that the food was awful, it's not that the service was awful. It's just that it was just "meh" and I'm being kind.

I had a half pastrami sandwich on rye (which was a bit dry), matzo ball soup (which was flavorless) and cole slaw (which had way too much vinegar). My wife had half corned beef on rye (the bread was dry but moistened up because the meat was fatty), a side of veggies (boiled the taste out of them) and barley/chicken soup (so-so, but tasted like canned soup).

The good news is that all of the above with two drinks was only $21.
If you're in the mood for Jewish Deli - go to Chompies.
UPDATE (4/8) - Joshua did respond and we chatted in a phone call. He basically admitted without admitting it that he doesn't use the "best" of the best products. He does appear to care, but he also cares about the bottom line. He admitted the chicken soup was simply a broth and that is why half of the reviews say the soup is flavorless. The corned beef and pastrami are made special for them, but not made in-house. Every big fan of these two meats knows the good stuff never ends up on a slicer - it gets cut by a knife. They only use real turkey after 4pm, etc and it goes on and on. Was offered a trip back on him, but I wouldn't know what to order, so I will just pass and hope others know that you can do way better.
Maybe I have been to too many other delis since their location closed at Arrowhead but it just didn't seem as great a deli as I had thought before.  It tasted fine, the meat was still good quality.  It doesn't seem like I got as much for my money.  Which is sort of funny as many places pile on so much meat I have to take half the sandwich in a box with me.  So in reality I got all the food I needed but it was in the same price range as many places that give you a lot more.  And speaking about pricing, I had looked at the menu posted outside the restaurant so I would not tie up the line and when I got inside the prices were higher.  I can see prices being out of date on a website but if you are going to repaint your wall menu can't you also reprint your to go menus so the one you post outside has the same pricing?
This place is ridiculously overpriced!  Their food is not good quality. When you walk in it looks like a cafeteria and that's essentially what you are getting in terms of quality. $10.27 for a turkey sandwich that was almost all fat and had a required side I didn't want. This place is best avoided. It's not worth the calories or time.
Ordered a few sandwiches to go and most are pretty bad. The knish was dried and crumbly. The corned beef sandwiches are tough and hard to chew (very stringy). You will definitely need to knife your way through. And even my turkacado sandwich was messed up (ordered whole wheat and saw it marked as such, but resulting sandwich is on white bread). I think you can find better without much effort.

Quick update: got a message back from management the next day. I'm impressed that they spend time reading reviews and contacting customers. They agreed that the corned beef shouldn't be this stringy, so maybe we just had a bad experience. I will give them another try just on the premise that management is actively addressing concerns. Adding 1 star back for that effort.
I'm not a connoisseur of food, just an old country boy that likes to eat. I live in the W. Valley, and went to the Arrowhead location till it closed; and when it did, I was pissed for a while, felt like an abandoned step-child. So I harassed Josh at Miracle Mile on Facebook in a friendly manner, just to let him know.  A few months ago when I was on the East side I stopped in and had my usual, Brisket on a Kaiser Roll, FF, pickle and a Pepsi. I'm not a switcher, when I find something I like I stick with it. So now, this location is Closed. After reading these negative reviews, maybe there was a reason. What's going on.  Paisano's in Glendale (Closed), Bill Johnson's Big Apple's Closed, except the Original, and now Miracle Mile except Camelback. Park Central Deli is still open, formerly Miracle Mile (a few years ago), with basically the same food, so might have to frequent that one as it's much closer. I still like Miracle Mile, Josh, chef Martin and his Bro, and the people that worked there; as I had no complaints on what I was served. So maybe I'am not  picky or snooty when it comes to food, but it worked for me. I will try the Camelback store when I travel to the East side. I didn't eat there everyday, but was like a special occasion going there ever so often. So this is my review of how I see it, like it or not.
After spending Halloween handing out candy with my parents in the East Valley we were super hungry on our way home, about 9:45.  I always get nervous going into places like this right before closing time because I used to work at Paradise Bakery, and I know what a pain it is to clean up after just one stupid sandwich.  These guys definitely didn't show any displeasure.  We were warmly greeted with nary an evil eye in sight.  

The decor is super themed but cute.  I like the cheese thank you very much.  The employees are even in a sort of fire fighter uniform.  Their menu is diverse enough to make most people happy.  I was really hungry so I ordered the Firehouse Hero, a trio of roast beef, turkey, and honey ham.  The meats and cheese are steamed before hand to seal in extra juice and just make it really good.  Nice touch.  The bread was exactly the way I like it, sort of soft, sort of crusty.  The meats all tasted really great and were actually distinguishable from one another, unlike other certain sub shops.  The honey ham was my favorite, it was really sweet and really good.

I wouldn't mind if they brought one of these Downtown.  Good sandwiches for a good price.
Thank god for somewhere being open till a decent hour (10pm) on a Saturday night in the far east valley.  This strange sub shop in the Dana Park area was better than I hoped.  I ordered a Philly Cheese Steak (which they call a "steak & cheese") not expecting a whole lot but still having visions of the amazing cheese steak sliders from District.

The whole process took a bit longer than I expected since there were 5 guys behind the counter and we were the only ones there but it was still quicker than any Mr Goodcents I've ever been to.  The sandwich was a lot smaller than I expected.  The bread is similar in girth to a hotdog bun only longer.  They crammed a decent amount of meat and cheese in there to make a pretty good value.  I would have been happy if it had come toasted or baked but instead they gave it to me steamed.  Why anyone would want their bread steamed is beyond me.  It makes it soggy and spongy.  Really, it ruined what would have been a great sandwich.

If you are feeling adventurous, or you like steamed bread, then go check this place out.  Otherwise, maybe just ask them to microwave it.
Absolutely our favorite sub shop of all time!  When Firehouse Subs opened in our neighborhood (Dana Park), we thought it would be "just another sub shop."  We were WRONG.  What fun to hear, "Welcome to Firehouse," yelled from their entire crew every time you walk in!  What fun to very often see police and firemen eating there (Firehouse gives first responders a price break, which I think is so cool).  All of Firehouse's subs are steamed hot.  They don't use one meat vendor ... they use the best meat vendor for that particular kind of meat to get the best!  I am a real fan of pastrami, but you can't usually find good quality pastrami in Arizona ... it's usually fatty and not great flavor.  

At Firehouse, try the "Steamer" which is a combo of pastrami and corned beef brisket, which is absolutely delectable!  The basic Steamer typically comes with Provolone, Mayo, Mustard and Italian Dressing ... but I think the quality of the meat and cheese is so yummy that I ask for it "straight up" without the fixins!  Although I do ask for extra dill pickle spears ... they are the BEST.

My hub absolutely loves the Steak & Cheese Sub which can come with sauteed mushrooms and onions if you'd like.  Add jalapenos if you'd like a little zip.

If you've been going to Subway out of habit, I'd really encourage you to try something different in Firehouse Subs.  I don't think you'll end up going back to Subway.

If you have small children, Firehouse will give them a little plastic fireman's helmet to wear!  And there's a really good chance that fireman and/or policemen will be in the shop at lunch or dinner times ... has happened to me numerous times when there.  

Although Firehouse Subs is a franchise that started in Florida, this truly feels like a local mom 'n pop joint to us.  We have gotten to know the franchisees for this location, Aaron, Linda and John.  Great, great people that have a great attitude to serve their customers.  I couldn't recommend Firehouse Subs in Dana Park more highly.
yummy! i don't really even like subs, but since my first visit here i constantly crave the firehouse italian. salami, pepperoni, ham, provolone, and  italian dressing on toasty wheat bread. the meat is high quality and flavorful. the spiciness of the salami and pepperoni compliment the perfectly sweet, smoky ham. the bread isn't anything special, but it works as it doesn't overpower the tasty sandwich. i like the fact that they have sweet tea, and it's above average.

i would give this place five stars, but i'm not crazy about the atmosphere. the firefighter theme is fine, but the fluorescent lights make the place feel cold and harsh. the crowded layout forces you to sit close to your neighbor as well as everyone standing in line. luckily they have many tables outside you can escape to on nice days.

i definitely recommend this place if you like hot subs. yeah it's a chain, but the vibe is more mom and pop. i'd be an even bigger fan if they offered homemade potato salad and coleslaw as an alternative to chips.
Went here for my first time last week, and it's definitely the best place for subs!  I've been hearing about it for weeks; friends and family simply rave non-stop about it.  I figured it must be good, and I was sick of people begging me to go.

It's not much more than Subway, but it tastes sooo much better, and you get a lot more for your money.

I can't wait to take my husband here.
I judge my lunch and dinner places to a different set of criteria.  For lunch it's about convenience, cost, and taste.  A distant fourth criterion might be the relative nutritional value of the meal.  Firehouse, wins on the first three and is worthy of inclusion into the lunch time rotation.

The sandwiches are hearty, heavy, and tasty.  Denser and more robust flavors then you'd get at the chain sub spots.  I doubt that this place will win any accolades from the American Heart Association but I also doubt that 85% percent of its patrons even consider calorie counts when they order one of these sandwiches.  

A great sub.  Just make sure you eat fruits, vegetables, and other healthy options when you're not here.
Great place for a sub.  I think it is one of the best sub shop franchises going these days.  the mesa location had great customer service. 

good sub shop.
This place is so good I seriously couldn't stop thinking about my left-overs and actually got pretty excited around dinner time knowing I was having the second half of my sandwich.

I highly recommend Firehouse Subs and plan to eat there as frequently as possible.
I originally wanted to try Capriottis after hearing some people at work brag on it, but they were closed and I turned the corner and went to Firehouse. IT WAS JAM PACKED..and for good reason. My hot pastrami was sooooo good; juicy meat, extra soft warm bread, and not a lot of fluff on the inside. The 8" sandwich is just enough to satisfy your hunger, yet have your mouth begging for more. Expect to pay more than Subway, but it is worth it. Ironically, Gilbert Fire Department walked in as I was walking out. Hey..its good enough for them!!!!
The best samich I've ever had. I'm hooked on the turkey bacon ranch sub. I love going here, they are friendly and never get my order wrong. I definetely couldn't work here, I'd be fat as I don't know what.
Maybe I'm just caught up in the moment, but on my neverending quest to find the best sub, I think I finally found it.  I can't believe it took me so long to try this place out, but I'm so glad I did.  I ordered the hot pastrami combo.  At first I thought it was a little pricey ($8.00) but that was before I took my first bite.  It only took one bite and I knew I was onto something special.  It all starts with the bread.  It was fresh, warm and very tasty.  The melted cheese, sauce, lettuce, onion and pastrami were incredible when all rolled into one bite.  Not much else to say except try it for yourself.
Not really a sub type of guy but this one hit the spot. I had the turkey breast on wheat and my best description would be if Quiznos and Subway made a love child. You could tell the quality of ingredients was high and everything was as fresh as it could be....amazing at what a difference that makes. If you have an appetite get the 12 inch, the 8 inch just didnt look like it would get it done for myself. The theme of the place is pretty cool and it really adds to the atmosphere when there are real firemen eating their lunch there. 

Next time I am in the mood for a sub this will be my spot.
I love the firehouse theme, and like how the restaurant pays tribute to firefighters. The food was just okay to me though. It tasted just a tad bit better than Subway, and it was more expensive than $5 footlongs - so I'd doubt I'll return to Firehouse Subs.

I ordered The Engineer sandwich - packed with turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and mushrooms. There wasn't many mushrooms in my sandwich :( I really do like the original hot sauce. Definitely add that to any sandwich you try there. Maybe if I had kids I would bring them to this place, the kids meal comes with a complimentary firefighter hat.
Took my daughter there today as it was my birthday and you get a free medium sub. One word. WOW. That was probable one of the best meals I have had in a while, and the best sub I've had since we moved here 10 years ago. 
  Also met the owner who was very pleasant and the entire place was VERY clean, a nice change from some other establishments who don't seem to care.
  I will definetly come again and recommend to my friends.
i'm not much of a sub fan, but i was blown away by what i got.  it was the new york steamer and it was the right amount of juicy without soaking through to the bread.  it melted in my mouth and tasted awesome.  it's a firehouse theme so it was cool that there was an actual firetruck out front- and city of Mesa firemen eating there.  I guess that was just a timing thing, but my son got a kick out of it.  Plus they've got one of those fancy digital Coke machines that are all the rage.  Too bad I gave up soda a year ago.  Hey, how bout a digital beer machine...
As far as chain sub shops go this is my favorite. There is no lack of meat on the sandwich, fresh veggies, and I don't have to spell out each item for the sandwich.  AND HOT SAUCE!!! 

OK so hot sauce is not something I would normally look for in a sandwich place but when there are so many choices... I try something new almost every time so I always get a new experience. I do and have recommended this place to many people.
great sub!  i had the briskett..yumm  sauce packed with meat... will reccomend !
I dunno. I thought the bread was a little too thick and there was a little too much wet dripping out of the back end as I held the sandwich. I got the italian sub... thought it was going to be a cold sandwich, but the cheese was melted on top of the meat. Salami was a bit thin and the ham had just a little too much of that fake smoke flavor. 

But Yelp is for my opinion, right?
I love this place!!! Best sandwiches ever!
My friend took me here and I was surprised this place has good subs. I've always been a fan of subway but this place is up there, too. The subs also taste healthier. It's a nice restaurant with a fire station theme to it which is neat. The pricing isn't too expensive but it is more than subway but it tastes good. The subs here have that fresh taste to them.
I'm hooked on the Turkey Bacon Ranch and the Club on a Sub. The whole staff is awesome and I've gotten some people addicted to this place like me. Subway was dead to me the moment I finished my first sub here! I've not had one bad experience here, no matter how busy it gets.
This place is pretty good and the atmosphere is fun.  Although I'm generally not a fan of subs, the sandwiches here were good.  For those who like a lot of meat, the subs here are stacked thick and the servings are big.  I though the meat-to-veggies ratio was off, but I guess that's because I like a lot of veggies.  There was also slightly too much sauce, causing the sandwich to get a bit soggy.
Overall, I like this place, and the restaurant itself is nice, clean, with friendly service.
Hard.
I was expecting something like a Subway but instead got high quality meats and a very nice experience. Pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food, the pricing and the atmosphere.  Plus... They donate back to the community.
Love, love love their ITALIAN!!! Not a fan of the seating arrangements because the place is small inside , but sandwiches are awesome. My daughter loves the meatball, its just like its supposed be "big and messy, full of cheese"! YUM !!!!
Sorry to write a downer..

I ordered the Club sandwich fully involved (without the spicy mustard and onions), it was warm and drippy.. Warm is good, taste is good.. all good so far.. but the Drips from mayo :(, ugh i dont want wet spots on my slacks from lunch.  

I also felt queasy afterwards, couldnt get the sub i had off my mind.. 

Ive had Firehouse sub in Florida years ago, it was fine. Maybe it's this location?

BTW i ordered online and i arrived a minute early from the expected time and my sub was ready, that was cool.  

Subway seemed to be better?  maybe next time ill try a different sub and ask them to lay off on the mayo to prevent drips..i'll also ask around for favorite subs from firehouse.. maybe the club wasnt their specialty.. 

I felt like i was in a little firehouse with a lot of patrons.. :)
My favorite sub place to eat. The Beef and Cheddar brisket sub is fantastic but it's really hard to go wrong on the menu. I wish there were more of these places.
I have liked every sub I've had there with the exception of one. Pretty good odds!
I work within walking distance to Firehouse Subs. I don't frequent it much because it is only okay in my opinion. Today I had the best sandwich I've had from Firehouse yet. I had the steak and cheese (minus cheese cause I'm lactose intolerant), with peppers and onions on wheat. Delicious but I've had a stomach ache since. I guess that's not saying much because I get a stomach ache whenever I eat almost anywhere. The Italian is pretty good too. Slightly expensive. 

Oh, and if you are getting their cherry limeade from the machine make sure you put sprite in it as well, because I'm pretty sure it's just cherry syrup.
This was my first time eating here and my last! I am not a subway fan so I figured I would give this place a shot as it is near my house. Never have I had so big an issue with ordering a sandwich. When I walked in I took some time to look around the store and the menu to see what they had to offer. Big mistake! The lady at the counter gave me this look like I had spit on the floor or something. After about 5 mins of looking at the menu I decided to order the firehouse hero sandwich. Their prices are way more than I expected but figured if the sandwich was any good then it would be worth it.

As I paid for my sandwich and went to sit down I heard the counter lady say something like this guy needs to be going to Jenny Craig not here! I could not believe she would sit there and talk about a customer like that. Her personal feelings aside (btw aren't sandwiches supposed to be a healthy food option?) She should have kept it to herself. Or at least said it once I left. I am a big person but that has nothing to do with how I should be treated. As for the food I have to say I was not impressed. The Virginia honey ham was way to sweet for me. It had this weird almost maple syrup flavor that overpowered the rest of the sandwich. After 2 bites I was done. Bad service, high prices, and even worst food earn this place a nice spot on my never again list.
Yum. Freakin yum.
I have been mostly Paleo for about a year or so, and I've all but cut bread out of my diet, but damn these things are tasty. Like how I would make a sandwich at home if I had time and skills.
Toasty bread. "steamed meats" I guess is their thing. And oh it is delicious.
I've had the Steamer (pastrami and corned beef. yummmmmm....) and the Italian which is dripping goodness.

I love the shelf of hot sauces from around the globe, all rated 1-10 by the heat factor.
At first i was not a firehouse fan! I had gone and did not like it what so ever! From the Sandwich i got (hook and ladder) to the long line! It must of just not been my day because I got dragged back by a friend and now i love it! I get the Italian and Steamer almost every time! You could not ask for a better sandwich! I also throw the Caption Sorenson sauce on! It is crazy good! I was a hater now i am a lover!
We tried Firehouse a few weeks ago and are telling all our friends and family to check them out! The subs are SO good and the variety on their menu is much more extensive than most places. The staff is friendly and I love the atmosphere.

Another huge plus is that they are one of the few restaurants I have been to that has the Coca-Cola Freestyle machine which is AMAZING!!

The only reason I couldn't give them 5 stars is because the service is a bit slow and they have forgotten things both times we have been there for the kids meals (the fire hat and Oreo cookie). Not a huge a deal, of course :)

We will be returning very soon!
Good variety of subs/ ingredients. Good location. I loved the little area towards the front w/ the pub tables. They have one of those crazy, newfangled Coke machines w/ 100+ flavor options too.

My Italian sub was good. Basic, but good. Service was quick, staff was nice.

We'll likely be back if were in the area again.
Came here with a co-worker. Got a dr pepper from their really awesome modern soda machine. My co worker got a meatball sandwich. He said he was the best meat ball sandwhich he ever have. Which is saying a lot because his from ny, I believe they ate a lot of sandwiches haha... The service was fast. The place was really clean. Tried a bite of the meatball sandwhich, I hate meatball sandwhiches, to my amusement I really enjoyed this one.
Firehouse Subs is a great sandwich place.  The food is great and the employees are always very friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is nice and they also have one of those cool soda machines.  I work in the same plaza and my company has ordered a sandwich tray from them for lunch many times.  It's always ready on time and reasonably priced.
I've been literally ordered by many people to try this place for lunch, so I finally did. Short and sweet, I've made up a new word to describe Firehouse Subs, phenomenaltastic. Best sub I've had in.. well, ever.
The Steak &Cheese were first rate, lots of meat & cheese, good bread (ordered 2 large). The Smokehouse Cheedar was good but very heavy on BBQ sauce, so if you don't want a sandwich overwhelmed by  & dripping of BBQ Sauce I recommend you tell them to limit it or eliminate it. The sandwich was full of meat and otherwise excellent. The Oatmeal Raisin cookie is entirely too sweet for my taste....too much brown sugar in that recipe. 

I returned the next day. I tried the large Pastrami Sub, it was loaded with meat & cheese, but was also topped with a healthy helping of lettuce and tomatoes. 

Unfortunately, while the sandwich was very tasty (and filling!) I became ill a couple of hours latter and spent too much time in the restroom for the balance of the day. Since this was my only food for the day, the lettuce and tomatoes become suspect (since they were the only change to the sandwich I'd had the day before which was meat and cheese only).  The two other sandwichs were a repeat of the Steak & Cheese with onions and those guests, loved them and had no illness problems (neither sandwich comes with lettuce or tomatoes). 

It's been good enough for me to return, but it'll be "meat & cheese only" from now on for me.

These subs are about $7.50 - $8.00 for a 12 inch. You really can't compare them to a Subway Footlong, since the Footlong is often $5 and the $2.50 - $3.00 additional cost at Firehouse should be expected to buy a better more meat/cheese filled sub (which it does).

BTW, on my second visit, the very pretty cashier repeated my order back to me three times...incorrectly, I really expected something would be wrong when I received my food,  but in the end, she got it right :-).
Firehouse is a solid sub shop and really isn't much more expensive than Subway.  They don't have a five dollar foot long, just better subs and a really cool soda machine.  The hot specialty subs are my favorite.  If I had to pick my favorite I would say its the "Engineer" but every sub I have ever ordered, at any location, has been good.  They are consistent, friendly and the subs are huge.  Get your sub "fully involved" and there's no way you're leaving this establishment hungry.  If I want a sub sandwich and there is a Subway and Firehouse sitting across the road from each other, I'm going to Firehouse because the food is better and lets face it, firefighters are a lot cooler than Jared.
My favorite warm sub shop in the valley by far. Steemed subs are amazing and much better than toasted subs. Come eat here and never look back.
EXCELLENT !!   This was my first visit to a Firehouse Subs and I doubt I will ever go to a Subway again.  This is actually REAL meat and REAL cheese with GREAT customer service.

Dylan realized quickly, and confirmed by asking, that it was my first visit and took extra time to explain the sandwiches, the menu, and the condiments.  

I thoroughly enjoyed the sandwich and will be back for sure!  Friendly employees all the way around !!
Went for lunch there were 2 other parties there it took over 20 minutes to get 2 subs. The guys making the food were obviously taking their sweet time but I was in a hurry and they just didn't seem to care. Other staff kept walking in and they would stop everything to conversate with them about who knows what. The Veggie sandwhich I got leaked sauce all over my other sub causing the bread to be gross. I won't be back.
Gosh the selection of hot sauces here makes this my favorite sub shop. I love the Poison sauce. Good prices, delicious food. Try it if you haven't already!!
The subs are always awesome here..today I got the hook and ladder light which is a good option if you want a lower calorie sub. On the other hand you can get the Italian sub which is full of salami and ham. Also they have a hot sauce bar that you can try a ton of different sauces which is kind of fun.
I love Firehouse subs, food is awesome and they always remember my name which is awesome customer service.
It was a big sub with lots of meat and veggies, but I was super disappointment in the stale bread. Very very dry
Love me some Hook & Ladder! An addicting sandwich. I love it fresh and with Gator Sauce.
Always a good choice and love the friendly environment they bring to the table. Prefer the meatball sub but everything looks great and yummy! Gotta love the personal service they also have
I moved from  Massachusetts over 15 years ago and I've been searching for the authentic New England food that they serve here since I left. Specifically their lobster rolls and fried clams. The lobster rolls contains a generous amount of  large pieces of lobster lightly dressed and served on a toasted roll, a bargain at $12 . The fried clams are full bellied Ipswich clams that are lightly battered. Most west coasters have no idea how wonderful real fried clams are. Do yourself a favor and try them here. I've been told that their clam chowder is fantastic as well.
I love just about anything with lobster. Lobster bisque, lobster pot pie, grilled lobster, lobster mac & cheese, lobster ravioli, lobster salad... if it's got lobster, chances are I'm going to like it. In a way, it's kind of like bacon. You can add it to just about anything and it instantly makes a dish better. So, when I heard Not Your Average Deli had lobster rolls I was excited to try one. Now, I'm not talking about lobster 'sushi' rolls... I'm talking about a sandwich roll filled with a lobster/mayonnaise mixture. I've never had a true New England lobster roll but have had a few in Maryland so I had a little bit of an idea of what to expect.

NYAD is located on Sunset just north of the 215 and off of Decatur in the same strip mall as Phat Phrank's. It's a small space that has few decorations except for a few nets with lobsters lining the walls and a few pictures. It definitely has that New England vibe in a sort of minimalist way.

As for the food... well, the lobster roll was very tasty but it was a little smaller than what I expected. For $11.99 I was hoping for a large sandwich overflowing with lobster. Instead I got what amounted to a 5 or 6 inch sub with a decent, but not mind-blowing, amount of lobster. I devoured it in a couple minutes and it still left me hungry. It's also served with fries (which were delicious) and cole slaw.

They do get extra points for making a half sandwich for my son (for $3.59) even though they don't have a kids menu. They were more than happy to accommodate him instead of forcing me to buy a whole sandwich for him. His ham and cheese was really good -- sliced ham with american cheese on wheat bread that was grilled.

I would definitely consider coming back to try other sandwiches or even have the lobster roll again. But for that price it's not something I would do often, just when I'm in need of  a lobster sandwich fix.

3.5 stars
I saw this place by my work when I was looking for a place for lunch, so I thought I'd try it out.  I got the lobster roll since it's not something you'd find in Vegas, and my gf got the a small sized "Hail Mary" sandwhich.  Both the lobster roll and Hail Mary were the same size, so I was pretty disappointed when I got my sandwhich.  The cole slaw that you get with it was pretty average.  It wasn't horrible, it wasn't memorable, just something else to eat since the lobster roll wasn't that good.  The only thing I liked were the fries, but that's probably because it was fried, and how can you not like something fried?  The Hail Mary was also disappointing since it tasted pretty bland.  I don't think I'd be coming back...  but if I did, I'd just get something ordinary like roast beef or turkey.  The staff was really nice though, and that's probably the only reason I gave it an extra star.
Before my latest trip to Las Vegas, I had read some current reviews by Yelpers about this restaurant, which has now been open for just over a year. I had gone to their website and their prices seemed very, very reasonable. This was one place I really wanted to try on this trip....

Atmosphere... despite the Fish Netting hung on the wall and some trinkets from the Seashore... is very Spartan. The restaurant is set in a small Strip Mall. Everything... and I mean EVERYTHING... is served on Paper Plates or Paper Baskets with Plastic Utensils. Kinda cheapens the meal....

What I ordered...

Sea Scallop Plate (**** $9.59) Six 2" diameter x 1" High succulent breaded Scallops fried to a golden-brown. On a bed a French Fries (****) fried the old-fashioned way... in a Paper Basket. With a side of Coleslaw in a 2" diameter plastic container... might as well been nothing at all. Loved the Scallops... on a Paper-Basket?!?! Reminds me more of something you'd see at a takeout place at a Pier or at the Beach. I have to remind the owners... this is a Sit-Down restaurant!

Clam Chowder 16oz (*** 1/2 $5.99) Clam Chowder, although very savory and very flavorful... was kinda Watery! Served in a Styrofoam Cup! Tasty, but was cheapened by the Styrofoam! But the Styrofoam goes with the Paper Plates...

Got to try...

Maine Lobster Roll (**** 1/2 $11.99) I know anything with Lobster is EXPENSIVE... but 1 Penny short of $12.00 is... like... VERY EXPENSIVE! Served on a thin-roll.

Pulled Pork Sandwich (**** 1/2 $6.99) Very good flavor! But... again... kinda small, if I ordered it.

Value (** 1/2) Yeow! This place is for the mini-me kind of Appetite. I would have to order two to three orders just to be satiated... But, that's me, unfortunately.

In Summary: The Subs / Sandwiches are a good value... for Petite-Sized Appetites. When you delve into the Seafood, which is the hallmark of this establishment... that's when things get EXPENSIVE and the Value is almost Non-Existent. (****) for the Average Appetite kind of person. (***) which is definitely not me.

BTW, BEFORE you order anything... peruse the daily menu notices located at the front of the order counter. I missed out on, the day I was there... a Pulled Pork Sandwich, a Meat Pie.... you just might like the Daily Menu more than the static menu items.
Having been raised on Cape Cod, I know my seafood! This place is VERY reasonable priced for seafood and the fried clams/lobster roll & clam chowder are DELISH, PERFECT. Could not get the portion size for the price on Cape Cod!! We live in the northwest area of Vegas, quite a distance from the restaurant, but we try to frequent it as often as possible ( wish they stayed open later in eve). My 2 yr old grandson LOVES the fried clams so that tells you how sweet and tender they are NOT chewy and not just the strips, it is the WHOLE clam a rare find in the desert.
I decided to come here because I found their coupon in my entertainment book, they are close to my office, and they had favorable Yelp reviews. 

I like that it is locally owned and operated. I enjoy spending my money in small business/family owned establishments. 

One recommendation to the Deli would be to put up a menu board. Since it was my first time there I didn't know what I wanted, but I had to wait until I got to the counter to even look at a menu that was taped to the top of the counter. I felt pressure to order quickly because of the line behind me and they didn't seem to have menus available to browse while in line. 

I ordered the Clam Chowder Bowl and the Country Club with Pasta Salad. 

The Clam Chowder was very good. Not amazingly spectacular, but average and I would order it again. Can't wait for the weather to get cold because knowing good warm clam chowder is near by makes me happy! 

The Club was great! Fresh ingredients in the correct portions. Excellent flavor. 

The pasta salad was just average. Pasta + a dressing. Good flavor, but I like "stuff" in my pasta salad. Maybe my portion just was missing the "stuff." 

I would definitely recommend this deli to others. I will be back to try more seafood menu items.
I don't know why everyone doesn't LOVE this place.  The staff is the best and the New England specialties are so Down East.  We only went there because Hawaiian Kitchen is closed, but when we saw the New England menu, we were hooked.  It is almost IMPOSSIBLE to get full-bellied clams outside of the Northeast.  I doubt if my husband will ever eat anything else there as he loves these clams so much.  I had the Lobster Roll (no it's not huge, but it's not $20 either.  You are not going to get more lobster for that price eating at a pier in Maine!) the first time and the Fish (Cod) and Chips the second time.  Both were great.  The Fish was crispy and succulent.  I was just sorry that I gave my third piece of fish to my husband.  I certainly could have eaten it myself.  I happen to ADORE the coleslaw.  Just the right mix of mayo and vinegar.  I did finish off my husband's portion, too!

We don't live close by, but we will make a trip when the seafood craving strikes us.
I moved here from New England 4 years ago and the thing I miss the most is the authentic seafood and mainly the full belly clams.  I had the clam roll, it was great and they even have the stand up hot dog buns!  The clam chowda was very good, made in house.  I will definitely be back to try the lobsta roll.
This is the perfect lunch spot if you're in the mood for some homemade mom/pop type sandwiches. 

I originally stumbled upon this place when i had a sudden urge for a lobster roll.  Instead of paying $20+ at a fancy restaurant on the strip, I did a little research and this was the first place that popped up.

I must say the lobster roll is quite delicious.  The lobster pieces are very generous and prepared very well.  What gets me is the new England toast they use which is nicely toast but still soft enough where it doesn't hurt your gums.

I also often come here for their new england clam chowder bread bowl.  That bowl of soup is perfect for rainy days or gloomy weather and it fills you right up.

Only downfall, the price is a tad bit high but where are you going to find this type of food?
The perfect lunch spot indeed! Friendly staff that seem genuinely happy to see me every time I visit. The menu consists of everything you could ask for in a lunch setting (hot and cold sandwiches, soup, dogs and seafood!).  

It's just a quick drive from my office, so I usually frequent a few times a  month.  I'm always able to grab a table even when the place seems packed!  

And bonus points for the awesome pic they have hanging up of past NBA greats getting their grub on.  #whatdude?
My first visit was for the ipswich clams,they were outstanding,however, my second visit for the ipswich clams was a total disaster they were very tough and tasted LOUSY Also no AC They said it wasn't working,same answere on my first visit.
Brewed Tea: NO

We came here for the lobster rolls. I somehow came across this place when searching for seafood restaurants.. read some reviews and decided I HAD TO HAVE THE LOBSTER ROLL!

Overall.. the lobster roll was good. I'd probably come back again when I have an extra $30 to burn. I felt it was a tad expensive.. probably because I'm forced to buy bottled water because there's no fountain drinks.

The service was mediocre. A friendlier counter person would have been nice.
We could tell this was a new place as soon as we walked in the door. There were only a few customers and the restaurant was spotless. Overstaffed by about three people and all were very energetic and very welcoming. We ordered our food and sat down to wait. A few minutes later they called our name and we grabbed our food.
My Buffalo Chicken Wrap was really good, at least to those of us that like wing sauce and blue cheese dressing. Yum! I also appreciated the fact that they offered a wheat tortilla and I didn't have to ask. My BF got a Chipotle Cheesesteak and said it was pretty good too. The prices were reasonable. This could be a good place if they can keep up the momentum. I will surely be going back to give it another try.
Great sub style sandwiches, deli sliced right when ordered.  Good cheesesteaks too.  I like to get giant sizes and make two meals of it.
I was driving back to my friends house that I'm dog sitting for, and saw that they opened a Jersey Mikes here.  I've eaten at Jersey Mikes before, just not this location.

I really liked this place.  They have great hours, are open late and have a nice variety of subs to choose from.  They come in a few different sizes, and are made to your liking.  The gal that helped me was really friendly and helpful, and was able to carry on a conversation while she placed my order.  

I ended up going with the famous mikes, which was turkey, roast beef and all the fixings.  Quite tasty!  I will gladly return!
Mike's is set up like your typical sub shop where you can order it the way you  like it with...... a bonus of Cheese Steak Sandwiches, made hot on their flat top right then and there!  I have to say they rate much higher in quality over most of the other shops I've visited and I feel they give you plenty of your meat of choice, no need to double/pay up.
Their Giant sub is much bigger than a "foot long" I can get 4 meals out of it personally.

I have to say the staff is a cut above the other shops also.  Their friendly and clean cut young adults, way to go Mike!
Jersey Mike's when they first opened this location they gave the company I work for a bunch of free sub coupons... I ordered the #56 Big Kahuna Cheese Steak on wheat bread (Grilled onions and peppers plus mushrooms, jalapenos and extra cheese)...  I have not looked back this is one of the best cheese steaks I have ever had in Arizona it's a must try for cheese steak lovers.
For a fast sandwich place this place is absolutely the best!!  Fresh, plentiful toppings (easy on the oil though)! They slice the meat fresh, super friendly service and I love the Mrs Vickies kettle chips too. My only complaint: they sometimes have stale iced tea which is just laziness or lack of a structured opening/closing plan.
I obviously love myself a sandwich, there is no denying that.

This is probably the place i frequent the most often.  You really cant beat fresh cut meats.

I get it Mikes way less the onions (they seem to over power most sandwiches) - lettuce, tomatoes, oil, vinegar, spices then add yellow peppers.  Yum.  Great, now I'm hungry.

Bread is a bit crunchy, I usually like a softer bread but I think the oil and vinegar need a bread that can stand up to it.  No biggie.

A bit pricey, but worth it.
Jersey Mike's didn't make me weak in the knees but it is clean, efficient and friendly.  The menu is a little difficult to read for a first timer, so the zig zag lane where you order your food made me feel a little rushed. I went at lunch time and it was packed.
The mini sub is what should really be called a regular.  The regular is quite large and the other size is enough for three people.
The club had plenty of meat on it.
It was difficult to tell the difference between the white and wheat sub rolls, but they were not bad.
The most interesting thing was the cups the drinks come in.  There are several different cups with the stories of various Jersey Mike's that have done fund raising for feel good causes. I want to believe this is true because we all like to think we are patronizing do-gooder companies.
It may just be branding, I haven't had a chance to really check it out yet.
I would go back, but I want to try something spicier next time.
Jersey Mike's is, in my opinion, as good as it gets.  Yes, they have the whole "it all started in 1956 as a family business at the Jersey Shore" thing going for it (you know, before MTV and a half-dozen wannabe D-Listers made anything connected to the Jersey Shore look bad), and they also do a lot for charity; both at the corporate level, and a little closer to home, on the franchise level.  And all that's well and good, but it wouldn't mean anything if the food sucked, right?  No worries there- I've not had a bad sandwich there.

The bread is fresh, as are all of the other ingredients, and it's all sliced fresh when you order it.  It's not like Subway, where they put a slice of meat and a slice of cheese on the sandwiches; they pile it on.

Cold subs, hot subs, wraps- I've enjoyed all of the sandwiches I've tried- not something I can say about some other sandwich shops I've been to.  If I had to pick a couple of favorites, I'd say the #6 (Roast Beef) and the Chicken Caesar wrap.

One nit to pick- I with there were a 3/4 size; sometimes the 'regular' isn't big enough, but the 'giant' is too big.

The parking at this particular location can be a bit challenging at times because it's small and a little tight, but the sandwiches are worth it.  And the Starbucks next door usually has marble loaf in their display case!
Im not from this area so when I come around Phoenix I always have to stop at a Jersey Mikes since there are very few in So Cal.  I can't wait till they open more where I live cause you can tell the quality is unmatched compared to Subway and Quiznos.
I loved 'em when I lived in Jersey and I love 'em here in Arizona!

Friendly, capable, conscientious crew at this location, as well as the ASU/Rural Rd. location.

Some people will have a problem with their bread but I've always preferred it to any of the other sub places around.

LOVE the Big Kahuna Cheesesteak (ask for them to make it with chicken to save on fat/calories) and I love the refillable Breast Cancer Cup, which makes it a bit more affordable. Also, coupons are everywhere nowadays so even though they are a bit pricier than other places, with a coupon it's a bit closer to their prices--yet SO much tastier!
These guys make a pretty good sub. It's a lot better than most of the other sub options around, especially the large chains. The service here is always fast and friendly. Their bread is good and meat sliced fresh. Mike's way is the way to go with your toppings...good stuff.
Fast, friendly and frank.

I work in the same area, walking distant, and I visit at least once or twice a week. Kinda $$ for the size, but still good. I am starting at #1 and going down the list....skipping the 14 because..its all veggie and a complete waste of money for the price it is at. I'll update once I am done. I am in no rush so it will be a while. So far I am at 4 and i cant say I would buy any of those again.

R\_ 

NOte: Lunch is busy with a line of 8 or 10. So be ready for that.
I usually go just for the salad bar which I think is totally worth it. I decided to order a sandwich and was completely disappointed because it was soaked and soggie. It was a hot sandwich so it probably sat on the plate for a while before they sent it to our table.
Tried this place for the first time tonight. Walked and the lobby was clean. It was close to closing time. They only had one more peice of bread to make a sandwich or the option of a wrap. Chose the bread which wasn't bad but nothing to smile about. They didn't have anything covering their counters so it really didn't seem sanitary or care about any cross contamination. The only toppings they have are very basic with lettuce, tomato, onions, and oil and vinegar which the server dowsed the sub in it was ridiculous. Prob won't be going back. I'll make the drive to silver mine subs on kyrene.
EXCELLENT sandwiches and super friendly people.  All freshly carved meats.  Loved the oil and vinegar dressing on the sandwich.  Excellent value for the money compared to Quiznos or places like that and way better quality.  Would definitely go back again for lunch.
I am not a big sub sandwich eater.  I've tried many of them - Subway, Quizno's, Jason's Deli, Eegee's......etc.   Besides Eegee's (which is really good), I just thought they were all decent sandwiches - some better than others.  But I have had Jersey Mike's a handful of times now, and their sandwiches are much better than the others.  Just get it "Mike's Way" and enjoy the tasty food you receive.

But just as importantly, the customer service I have received at this store has been impeccable.  The people are always very friendly and patient and that makes a huge difference to me.  

I must say that their sandwiches are a little pricier than others.  I get their "Giant" size (ok - so I'm a big eater....) at it runs about 12 bucks...yikes!   But as delicious as it is, it's worth it.

Try it - you won't be sorry...
Fresh sliced meat, and sandwiches made to order.
This place may not have all the bells and whistles of some of the big chain sandwich places, but for the money, the quality can't be beat.
Hands down my favorite sub place...their italian sub reminds me how they make it back home (Chicago). Simple, clean ingredients , fresh meat an cheeses and great bread. 

If you're complaining about wanting less oil/vinegar then speak up. I actually ask for extra. Same goes for wanting less/more of other toppings. 

Staff is fast and friendly and I will always choose this place before any other of given the choice.
This is a really good place to get a tasty, fresh sub. They have much better bread, in my opinion, that other sandwich chains. The staff is on the ball and friendly, and the facility is clean. If I must get "fast food", I'd rather get it somewhere clean...

To really get the Jersey Mike's experience, ask for your sub "Mike's Way". They will ask even if you don't. They basically douse it in oil and vinegar and then put some seasoning on top.. I think it's oregano, salt, and pepper. It makes for a great sub, and it's not as messy as you might think.

The location, right next to Starbucks, is also a great place to chill for a while and enjoy some free wifi.
This was my first time here and I have to say I was unimpressed. That is just my opinion. I am sure most will call me crazy and it is not that I didn't like the sandwich I just thought it was ok. I have had better.

Now to clarify I am not a fan of the major sub chain. I don't go their Way at all. I am the Duke at my favorite sub shop. Now some people may not like that place and that is fine. That's what makes the world go around. If we all had the exact same opinion on everything life would be boring. But so far everyone I have taken there likes it. Even one person who had been to Jersey Mike's before liked it more.

I got the Original Italian on white bread regular size. I thought the bread was dry. The whole sandwich was dry to me but I like extra condiments on my sandwich. The meat was good and I like the fact that they slice it right in front of you but overall I was just not impressed.

I will not be disappointed if I never go back to Jersey Mike's again. Not because I hated it just because in my opinion there are must better places out there. I was even excited to try it because a lot of people talk about it. Maybe I just went on a bad day. But I tried it was not impressed enough to even give it maybe one more shot. I will stick with my favorite sub place. Maybe sometime in the future someone can talk me into trying Jersey Mike's again.
Iceberg lettuce as the major filler, bland tomatoes, thin slice of cheese, and mediocre bread...pass.  Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.  They rely on oil, powder, and salt for flavor instead of quality meats and cheeses.  My opinion based off of my first and last visit.
FYI: This is NOT your avg fast food sub!!! Jersey Mike's blows Subway out of the water. For what it is (a fast food sandwich joint) it hits all the marks. The bread, the meats, and the veggies are all unbelievably fresh. The staff is very friendly, and the prices are right. 

Overall, if you're looking for a quick place to grab a sub, Jersey Mike's is the way to go.
Since January of 2014 I have, on three occasions, bought subs that ingredients have been omitted. Twice I have returned to the store and a new sub, with all the ingredient's I paid for, was made. It happened again last Tuesday March 18. I bough a "Giant #8 and the bacon and ham was missing. I realized this while on my way to Tucson and could not return to the store.
This makes me wonder if leaving off ingredients to cut costs is a company policy. Three times is not a random mistake.
This is now my number two place in the valley to get a sub sandwich. Mike's Way makes all the subs taste fantastic and I can't get enough of the club. The bacon that is added to the sandwich provides the perfect amount of crunch and mouth feel to keep me coming back week after week. The employees are friendly and always smiling.
Ya another chain, I know but get over it!

This location is almost never busy.  It's tucked away next to Sauce and on the other side of The Living Room.  I am always greeted with a friendly hello and served promptly.  This location is super clean too.  I cannot stand it when the soda station is sticky and messy but not here....they keep it very clean and organized.  

They don't have as many items on their menu but what they have they do very well.  The bread is always fresh and the veggies are crisp.  I'm guessing they do a good business at lunchtime due to the other businesses around them.  I've been in on off hours and I'm usually the only one there or there is one other person.  Overall this is a great location!
4 star sandwiches, 2 star sides.

Both the potato & macaroni salads were sweet, and that's not my bag, baby.

Ham & turkey on sourdough was good.  The turkey, bacon & avocado on wheat was amazing, but next time it will be turkey, bacon & avocado on sourdough.
Subway is better any day!
Disclaimer: I am a regular here and always come with good company, so life seems better!

THE FOOD

Sandwiches. Hot and cold. I prefer cold and they make them just fine. I would say the sandwiches are not soggie like Subway's gets to be. Quiznos bread to me is a bit better. Smoothies are also quite good for the price. Prices are reasonable.


SETTING
This is a typical corner sandwich shop. Tables are clean, the place is well lit and it doesn't feel crowded

SERVICE
Always good and patient even if you somehow manage to forget what you were about to order. If you are a regular, your sandwich might even be made without you saying anything.

OVERALL
Good place to have lunch. Getting every 12th sandwich for free as part of their loyalty "eater" program makes it that much better.
I ordered a 12" sub, asked to get it toasted and they put it in panini press. It was so thin I couldve put it in my wallet! Plus the have  a limited variety of veggies. Total $8! worst $8 I ever spent, never going back! I took pics of this crappy sandwich wish I could post them.
It pains me to write this because I have never had a bad experience at a Port of Subs. However, this store became the exception to my rule this week. I went at lunch time so it was understandably busy but I wasn't greeted or acknowledged until I was served. I order the vegetarian sandwich. This is where my visit went downhill. This particular location only has one meat/cheese cutter--which means that the meat AND the cheese are sliced on the same machine--which means that even their "vegetarian sandwich" is going to have meat goo on it. BUMMER. This is a deal breaker for me but because I had already waited so long to be served I didn't have time to go anywhere else to get food. As I was checking out, I was charged for the avocado I asked for on my sandwich even though it states on the menu that it is included. The less-than-helpful cashier argued with me about it and at the end, I still ended up getting charged. Absolutely, positively will not be returning to this location.
This place is close to work so I've been here a bunch of times. It's always fresh and reasonbly fast. The sandwiches just have a really good flavor. I think that they taste better than Subway.
Wow...prolly the best sub I have had in awhile!
I really wasn't impressed with the service or the food.
We tried Port of Subs (our usual sub spots are Jersey Mike's and Firehouse) and really liked it.  The service was superb.  The sub was made to our order, and was just right.  We bought 3 feet of the sub number 1 on white, and the bread was soft and moist.  I will definitely return to this location.  And, they laughed at my dumb jokes during the ordering process - that in itself is a big plus!
I have never been inside the restaurant. I work close by and order delivery often. It's always exactly what I ordered and on time. Easy online ordering and tasty sandwiches with lots of variety.  Better than subway and Quiznos
Well since I literally work up the street from port of subs I decided to give it a try because subway on alma school and queen creek is always packed and I wasn't a fan of planet subs on Germann and Dobson. Looked up their menu before I went on lunch to get an idea of the food and saw they had a 'pilgrim griller'. Turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce all on a piece of bread? UHM yes please. I basically cram my thanksgiving dinner into rolls anyways (bread is a great vessel for shoving large amounts of food into ones mouth) so it would be like a little thanksgiving dinner for me. 

Walked in at 1 pm on a Thursday. Only one guy sitting there and it was nice and quiet. Ordered my pilgrim on sourdough with provolone, lettuce, *thinly sliced* pickle, tomatoes, olive, peppers and pepper. Took one bite and fell in love. The combo of sagey stuffing with the thin turkey and veggies and the sweet cranberries and tangy (fresh) sourdough bread definitely hit the spot! I got a medium which was HUGE. More than enough food if you order chips and a drink too.

Overall not a bad place for lunch that's close to work and pretty cheap on the wallet and I will definitely be back for the pilgrim (damn limited time only bs)!
Not so hot. Been in their for pick up several times, was Ok. Kind of baffled as to why, when I used their online order for delivery, it accepted my order and no order arrived. Called and found out why. They made the order, but they don't delivery on weekends. Not delivery on Saturday? Really? Aren't Friday and Saturday heavy revenue days? Can't really believe that when an online order occurred clearly stating delivery and they did not delivery, they still made it? Very disappointing that even basic curiosity isn't extended to at least call and inform the customer no food.
I love the freshness of this sandwich. The pickles are so yummy! Can't wait to go back!
This place is a great diversion from the ho-hum subs and customer experience at Subway and Blimpie's. If you absolutely love the Subway experience of getting sugar and sodium-laden "fake" bread choices and you require your food be measured in inches, go back to Subway and you'll be happy.

JM's is a fantastic customer experience, first of all. The people working there actually engage you and ask things other than what you want on your sandwich. You get the idea they are there because they buy into the business model, which is really cool. Last time I was there, the manager was working the register and giving active feedback to the other people. "Hey man! You skimped on the oregano!" Love it. Yes, if you get it "Mike's way", it is covered in oil and vinegar. It's an experience and a taste. If you require assembly-line, dry, tasteless subs, again go to Subway.

There are plenty of great hot and cold subs on the menu, and a lot of them are healthy. "Mike's way" is a decent way to having a filling lunch that doesn't overload you in calories and saturated fat.

Give it a try. Chances are you'll not find yourself back at Subway any time soon.
Excellent service and the food is very good.  Good value with quality ingredients.
Lucky for me, this little gem of a sandwich shop is right next door to where I work. They keep things fresh and simple, and I appreciate that! A good value for your lunch dollar will always be found here. Really nice staff too...
This is the best sub place in the valley. Thinly sliced fresh meat and always fresh bread. Not the cheapest but way worth the price!
This is the best sub place in the valley. Thinly sliced fresh meat and always fresh bread. Not the cheapest but way worth the price!
Better than SUBWAY, not as good as FIREHOUSE. A little to pricey for what you get.
They have sweet peppers. I LOVE SWEET PEPPERS! Try them on your cheesesteak. I like them on my cold italian sub. Yum.
Doesn't get any better than this. By far the best subs I have ever eaten. We moved here last year and ran across them while exploring my new neighborhood. Then I got a coupon and thought I would give them a try. I love how fresh everything is, and the everyone I have encountered who works there is extremely nice. 

I gave up eating at Subway after their endorsement of M. Vick for Sportman of the year so the only sub place I go to now is Jersey Mike's.
I love this place!  The meat is sliced thin and with "Mike's Way" it is just plain goodness.  The guys who work here are polite and really make you feel welcome.  Give it a try . . . you'll never return to Subway.  Thank you Jersey MIke!
Best fast food sub place ever! Everyone that works here is super friendly. I love the club sub! Ask for it Mike's way. But no oil. My only complaint, they put way waaaaaay to much oil on the subs! But if you get them with out it they are Sooooooooooooo good!
This is a great sub shop. You can get in and out fast even when it's super busy. The bread is great. Super selection of sandwiches. Try the hot beef with peppers & chipotle or italian. I agree with another reviewer, the staff is always friendly and welcoming. A very pleasant place to stop.
Jersey's Mike's makes a good premium sandwich that for the most part is better then the rest.

A few nights ago, I found myself at Capriotti's waiting over twenty minutes for my sandwich to be made right.  You can read that review, but it made me think about all the different Cheese Steaks sandwiches in the area.  

There are no Geno's or Pat's nearby that could take their crown; but I've always found Jersey Mike's and Corleone's on Northsight have done a better job then most.  And, I really don't mean that as a back handed complement.

This afternoon, I stopped by and ordered a 8" Big Kahuna Cheese Steak to see if my memory and/or my stomach was playing tricks on me.  And, for the most part, I would say that Jersey Mike's does a great job.  I paid $7.25 for the sandwich, and another $2.19 for chips and a drink.  The total came to $10.32, which is a full dollar cheaper then Capriotti's; and there I didn't get chips for my $11.53.  

Now, granted their sub was 12" to Jersey Mike's 8", but Mike's was just as good!  Though admittedly I have a weakness for Capriotti's bread with their corn meal bottoms.

Not being from Philly and not wanting to tread on somebody else turf (and Cheese Whiz aside), but I'm going to give Jersey Mike's Four Stars to Capriotti's Three and half Stars.

Enjoy!

***Don't forget to ask for the "stamp card", so you can record your visit ***
Gotta say despite being a chain, this is great place!  Great bread, meat, peppers, clean, fast.   Pricey yes, but a good sub always is!
Over priced for just deli meat... alos took a long long long time to get food
Love Jersey Mike's Subs.  The staff is all super friendly.  Be sure to get your sub "Mike's Way"  which is no mayo or mustard - they use olive oil and a sweet red wine vinegar along with some oregano: it may sound strange but it is fabulous.  Each sub is custom made so they do back up when there are a few people.  It is also not the cheapest in town but, you aren't getting the Subway deli slices either.  You get fresh cut meat and it is very flavorful.  I think the "mini" is mis-named as it is plenty large for me.  Definitely a fan.
overpriced and just deli meat, nothing special
I consider Jersey Mike's one of the premium sub shops. They are on the higher end of the price scale but their quality is the reason for that. Their fixins and bread are always very fresh and they slice the meats & cheeses to order. The employees are always friendly and chatty. They have a loyalty card that lets you earn free sandwiches. They have a few TV's that always have the games on. Because of the pricing, I don't go here more than once a week because I can probably save $3 at Subway with a daily special. It is a treat that I usually reserve for the weekend but we look forward to it because we like their sandwiches. If I did not get the daily specials at Subway then this would be my workweek place too.
I really enjoy my sandwiches here. The staff is always great and very friendly. I like the philly hot sub!!
Great customer service! Pulled over near their parking lot with car trouble. The owner came out and gave us a coupon for a free sandwich. I didn't even know this place existed. Glad the car broke down because we discovered that this place makes some super delicious subs and they have an extremely friendly staff. I Will be coming back again.
Tasty, fast lunch option.
The staff at this location are always extremely friendly even if the line is out the door. I do suggest you get here before 11:30am or after 1:00pm to avoid the crowds. I always get the turkey and provolone on wheat Mike's way (without tomatoes).  They slice their meats fresh and they are generous with the toppings, but sometime add too much oil...so keep that in mind. 
I think Jersey Mike's has become my favorite fast sub sandwich chain. They may be a bit more pricey but they beat the snot out of Subway and Jimmy Johns when it comes to service and taste.

Happy Lunching!
I've now been here a couple times and have tried the Chicken Salsa wrap (which is disgusting, and shouldn't even be on the menu for being a boring item) and their Chipotle Cheese steak (which has been amazing at times and horrible at times). The cookies they have however, have been phenomenal each time, though they definitely need to be bigger.  The staff has always been awesome.  All in all, I recommend this place, but there needs to be more consistency in taste.
This location has all of the usual elements: the service is great, the ingredients are very fresh, and the offerings are simple and tasty.

Jersey Mike's bread is my favorite sandwich bread in town (must be the result of my Philly roots).  Getting it Mike's Way really makes for a great sandwich, too:  it's a fantastic combination of lettuce, tomato, onion, red wine vingear (the more, the better!), olive oil (I prefer just a splash), oregano and salt! 

My husband and I usually split a Giant Veggie sandwich, which comes for two kinds of cheese and green peppers.  It's a pretty good deal (not priced like Subway, but doesn't taste like Subway, either).
Deeply disappointed. Looked at the pics here and though of course it wouldn't be exactly like that, the large sub had a a tiny amount of turkey on it. Didn't coverage the sandwich and could see right through the middle in spots. I brought it up to the man making it and he just sort of smiled and shrugged his shoulders. I'm giving two stars instead of one because it was very fresh with good ingredients having it Mike's Way. Still with all the competition, I wont's be going back to be served with such meager portions..
Friendly, fast and very yummy! They make their bagels from scratch and they are very good.  Its a great place to stop in and grab a fast breakfast.  The nova lox bagel and breakfast bagel with egg and ham are our favs!!
This place is really good for a quick breakfast. They have breakfast specials where its 4.65 for a warm bagel sandwich and a medium coffee. I've been here about 3 times now and think it is very good.

Tried the sausage/egg/cheese bagel sandwich twice and a egg/lox/onion one once. Sausage/egg/cheese one is good. The salmon one was not bad either. You do have to pay extra for that one however. They make the bagel sandwich in about 5-6 mins so you know its not all pre-made. Coffee is decent, not the best but will suffice in the morning for 90% of people. Will definitely go back.
Only been here once but the Italian Hero on a garlic bagel was very good...  they price was perfect for the quality and quantity.  I will go back.
Good bagels here for sure. Protein packed sandwiches make for a good meal between my workouts. Good prices as well. I haven't tried the pizza here yet but I will be back to see how it is.
I am lucky to work a walk away from this place.  The name does not tell it all.  They have great bagels (have not tried coffee there) for sure.

They also make what I think is the best New York style pizza I've ever had.  Order a pie to go, and you'll know what I mean!
Very reasonably priced, friendly and fast. And the closest tasting to a "New York bagel" that I've found in Arizona. Glad I live so close!
Worker constantly talking on phone or with friends instead of working.  She makes you feel like you are an inconvenience to serve.  Slow service and only works on one order at a time, very inefficient.  Food is mediocre.

Feels like the kind of placed you are forced to eat at because of no other options.  There IS a much better option in building next door.  WAY better.  Better food, terrific service.
They can never work under heavy orders. The sandwiches are over priced with hardly any content in it.. There is no other place walkable from the bldg, I would rather prefer going to that place.
Ok, so this place LOOKED great from an idea -- but I'm sorry, the prices are just waaaaaay over the top for a salad.  I spent over $10 to create my own salad -- and it was good, but certainly not worthy of the price tag.  I found the portion to be adequate for about $5.

The over all place is nice -- and unlike the other reviewer before me, the place was dead.  In fact, I go to that side of Decatur about 2-3 time per week, and there is NOBODY in there.  I think it won't last for another year... and I can see why.  In this current economy, most people won't pay $10 or more for a salad.  We all want to be healthy, but can you honestly justify the price?  No way.

Do yourself a favor -- go shopping and buy the groceries.  You can make yourself a much better salad at home for far less.  Sorry Salad Creations, but you're just not affordable for most people.
I will tell  you I was really reluctant to go here because I thought it was like Souper Salad or Sweet Tomatoes... When in fact it is nothing like either of those!! :)  This place was great it was like the best way to put it was subway for salads!!! 

You pick your type of lettuce,spinach, or romaine then you can either pick a salad that is on the menu or create your own with all the toppings including but not limited too nuts, berries,dressings,crutons, Veggies,Jalepeno, pepperchinis... etc.!!  Plus the staff mixes it all up for you with these great tools that i have never seen before . I always ask for the dressing on the side because then you can take it home and use it for your own salad.  I would recommend the raspberry dressing it is so YUMMY!!! 

A large which is served in a very cute fun bowl, is about $8 and wow you get so stuffed off of the meal!  
 
All in all AMAZING taste and presentation! :D
Salad Creations...should be called "Gourmet Salads".  

Fresh, Healthy, Tasty, Filling, Satisfying, AND you get it the way you want it.  Peace-Love-and-Happiness...it's all there.

Four different sets of "green leaves" - Romain, Iceburg, Spinach, or Spring MIx.
Endless array of typical and NON-typical throw-ins.
I can't even remember how many different dressings were available.

You can order from the menu, tweak what they've got, or start from scratch.   Do you feel like a traditional salad bowl, "wrapping" it up, or panini-izing it?  You choose. 

Went today.  Took the fam.  Kid gobbled her salad wrap DOWN!  Yes, she actually loved the taste of eating healthy.  

See you tomorrow for lunch, Gourmet.....I mean Salad Creations!
Went with a co-worker during lunch and it's a good stop if you are on a time limit for lunch. it's quick and you leave feeling full in a good way. Lots of leafy greens instead of a big juicy cheeseburger once in a while is just one element to a longer life. 
Now, I'm sure not all the salad dressings or additives are healthy but you're always in control of what you want in your salad. I really enjoy salads so this place was right down my alley.
I got an Asian Chicken Salad with wontons & edamame and keep in mind that the smallest size isn't small at all - just look at my pics.
My co-worker got a salmon salad with mandarin oranges - now that looked good. 
This was my first time here so I need to try other things to  have a true feeling about this place. I do plan on ordering a panini the next time I go.
I think the prices are a bit high for salad. They should add fresh baked bread to their menu to accompany the salads. I'll let you know how the panini tasted.....
In the mood for some rabbit food?  This is a great place to try.  Fresh salads, served your way like subway.  My coworkers wanted to eat healthy, so we gave this place a shot for lunch.

I ordered the Balsamic Orange and Bleu with Wild Alaskan salmon ($10.50 with the salmon, which was $3.50).  As a carnivore, I have to say that this was a darn tasty salad.  The leaf was a mixed green concoction, along with edamame as a replacement for almonds.  The bleu cheese was the perfect amount, and same with the salmon.  Everything tasted fresh, and they chop it up really good so everything is mixed in.  The balsamic sauce gave the salad a light sweet flavor that I enjoyed.  The full size salad was a pretty good portion too.

I am definitely coming back here the next time I feel like a salad.  It really beat out the Ruby Tuesday salad bar down the street from my work.  Sure, it took me 20 minutes to get here, but it was worth it!  Salad Creations rocks!
It closed :(
Update:  Just as I thought, this place went out of business EXACTLY WITHIN A YEAR as I predicted.  They were just too expensive.  I am actually saddened because I hate seeing this across town with businesses closing.  I was actually rooting for them, even though I thought they were over priced.  I don't ever want anyone to close their doors -- but the truth, ANYONE could have seen this coming (outside of the owners, of course.)  Good luck to them in the future -- but next time, make it more affordable.  They could have achieved this by slimming down their menu and offering fewer choices for salads -- a menu rather than "create your own."  Any restaurant that provides a "create your own" menu just starting out can expect hard times in a poor economy.  Food costs will go up very fast.  Oh well, sorry Salad Creations....  sad to see you go.  :-(
Heidi's is a small deli tucked into a nondescript strip mall near the Henderson Valley Automall. I resisted going to this place because it didn't have the reputation of say, an Oldtyme Deli, or Weiss's, but after one of their offerings given to me by a coworker, I'm hooked.  I have only had a couple of their sandwiches, but judging by the freshness of the bread and the quality of the ingredients, there's no reason anyone should overlook this place for a great New York style deli, unless they can't find it.
Good sandwiches.  Busy around 12.
Best lunch deal in town!!! Half Sandwich (largest half sandwich I've seen), potato salad (handmade), choc chip cookie, pickle and a refillable drink all for $5... This meal could easily be priced at 8 bucks and they wouldn't lose business. The choice of fresh baked breads and menu items are numerous. A different meal for each work day of the month and then some.
The $5 lunch deal is a lot of awesome food - why would anyone go to the Subway next door?  Because of the popularity of the lunch deal, they're usually super busy during lunch hours.  No matter how long you have to wait though, you'll always get friendly service.

All of their breads are freshly made and you can't go wrong with any of them.  I've tried the wheat, ciabatta and sour dough and they're all really good.

My co-workers and I go there about once a week and we all love the Hell's Kitchen, Chicken Salad, Tuna Salad and of course the Turkey sandwiches, so I'd definitely recommend any of those.
This is my new go-to place for a quick and healthy lunch. As soon as you walk in the door, you're blasted with the awesome aroma of freshly baked bread, which tastes AMAZING! They have this awesome deal called the Heidi's Special which includes 1/2 a sandwich, a side (chips, cole slaw, or potato salad), a cookie, AND a drink for only $5!! It can't get any better than that! And you definitely can't get that deal at Subways. And the 1/2 sandwich is more than enough to fill you up. So next time you're looking for somewhere new to try for lunch or dinner, give Heidi's a shot! You won't be disappointed.
By far the best deli in town!! They have the best deals!!! You can get a half sandwich your choice of side of potato chips,cole slaw or potato,pickle,cookie and medium drink for $5. I recommend stopping by before or after the 12pm lunch rush because the place gets really packed and on some days they can sell out by 3pm.
Good food, ok service, great lunch special! Best $5 lunch in the area.

Yesterday I had the French dip on the hoagie, with onions, peppers, and provolone. All the bread is made in house and is AMAZING! The Hell's kitchen sauce is to die for. Enjoy :)
Popped in for our lunch break. They have an awesome lunch special...$5 for a half sandwich, drink, cookie, and your choice of a side (potato salad, coleslaw or chips).

I was ravenous driving over and debated whether or not a half sandwich would cut it.  HOLY MOLY! This is the biggest half sandwich you will ever see.  This lunch special is truly a smoking deal!

I got a delicious sandwich called the new yorker: salami, cappicolla, provolone, avocado, lettuce and zesty cajun spread.  I chose an Italian hoagie for my bread.  The bread is baked fresh daily onsite.  You can choose from pumpernickel, sourdough, white, french hoagie, italian hoagie and so on.  It was fluffly and chewy, and fresh and awesome!  The meat was piled high.  Nothing skimpy about htis sandwich.  Really really good sandwich.  The cookie was chewy and delicious too.

The coleslaw sucks.  No thank you. 

We've already planned on going next week to try a new sandwich or wrap from the big menu.  There was quite a line when we arrived but they have lots of staff to move it pretty quickly!
I was enthusiastic to try this deli because of the positive reviews, but one in particular made me nervous. I hate reading a review that has slammed a place because it makes me reconsider trying them in the first place. Me and my husband stopped here on the way  to run some errands. We had a great experience. 

It is clean and neat, with clear signs to help you order and a staff that is quick to acknowledge you and offer assistance. We enjoyed their personality. That gets a star. 

"But the breads all taste like shit and are extremely doughy to the point of almost being wet, the meat is about as low-quality as I've ever tasted (think that $0.99 cent stuff you can pick up at the supermarket" What? I mustn't have eaten the same sandwich. Okay, the meat might not be Boar's Head quality, but it's fresh and tasty. I would buy that meat at my supermarket if I were making my own sandwich. Good enough for me. And the bread... I like mine soft, not a baguette. It sure wasn't doughy or wet. Neither was my husbands. It was FRESH. The quality, though not 5 star or world class, is something I might use in my own home and this gets another star. 

"Your side is a choice of a ramekin of either mac salad or potato salad or a bag chips - a super-small bag of regular Lays, regular Lays, or regular Lays." Um yeah. SO WHAT? Comparing them to Subway isn't fair here. Subway doesn't have potato salad, macaroni salad, or sliced pickles. They have chips. And I rather enjoyed the fact I didn't have to eat chips with my sandwich. I chose the potato salad. And it ROCKED. And for $5 my husband got chips AND a cookie. Their selection gets another star in my opinion. Bigger selection of meats, breads, cheeses, sandwiches, soups, breakfast sammys, etc. than subway. Let the chip thing slide. 

"And why the hell can't I easily see the condiments available to be placed on the sandwich over the plexi-glass counter??? " Know whats funny? I've been to capriottis. They have rave reviews. Can you see over the counter? No. 

"The only thing healthy to get is a turkey or roast beef or something like that with mustard.  At least at Subway I can get a buffalo chicken sandwich or something like that with my choice of chips." Not really true here. Subway's bread is dried out and they aren't really THAT healthy. Their meat sucks. I had the New Yorker and it tasted BETTER than a buffalo chicken sandwich. And why are you so health conscious when you proclaim to need a selection of chips? No chips are healthy. Sorry. Heidi's doesn't fail. It rocks.
One day a co worker came into my office and asked if I wanted half of his sandwich.I asked him what it was he said egg salad with a kick . For the record I am a bit of a snob when it comes to sandwich salads and egg salad is one I am most critical of! I was hungry so I took it 

That was six months ago and the beginning of my love affair with the Hells Kitchen. Spicy Meets Creamy with avacado to balance the flavors out with a crispy bacon crunch  to stimulate the palate. Have it on Marble Rye made fresh daily and you have a unique sandwich experience 

For 5 bucks you get a made fresh sandwich your choice of sides ,pickle home baked cookie and a drink!

Thanks Hedi for adding 5 lbs for 5 bucks!
Extremely fresh and good quality. The bread is baked on location and is a nice change from what you usually encounter in delis in the southwest. The service was fast and the portions were large.
I just didn't like it.  I ordered a wrap.  It was pretty bland, and the meat wasn't very high in quality... not that I expected for it to be all that great, but come on.  Worst of all, I ordered soup on the side.  The guy put the little bowl on the plate with my wrap and proceeded to spill soup all over the plate.  My wrap was all soggy (like, soaked... he missed the bowl and poured a whole ladle of soup on it), but he refused to make me a new one.  He said, "oh, it will be fine" and acted like I was being fussy.  Whatever.  I just won't go back.
alright I loooove heidi's BUT the service at this location suuuuuuuucks. I went during lunch time and it was really busy so I understand that the guys working there are moving fast on orders however the guy that made mine just completely sucked. he was really sweaty haha...I asked for a turkey and he said "tuna?" and I corrected him and said no I want turkey...what did I get? I got tuna haha. It was still good but it's not what I wanted. and before I even had the chance to correct what he made me he already called the next customer over...I didn't even have a real chance to walk away. but ehhhh whatever the sandwich was still good and I don't want to be that one bitch who holds everyone up so I didn't make a deal out of it especially since the place was packed.
Great service. AMAZING sandwiches. My personal favorite: the spicy avocado turkey= soo sooooo good. Also, great $5 special- 1/2 sandwich, pickle, potato salad, cookie, and a drink. I just went to this place a few weeks ago for the first time, and now I'm hooked!
This is one of my very favorite lunch spots. A bit hard to find, but worth it. Soup in a breadbowl is EXCELLENT. Try the cajun turkey with avacado. For a treat, add bacon! Actually theres not much i dont like on the menu.
Always quality and fresh. I've even come in to buy french bread for spagetti at my house. The white bread is buttery and the egg salad....TO DIE FOR!
After craving a french dip sandwich, we consulted Yelp. Good stuff. Feels like a go in, order and eat lunch, and leave. Nothing special, just food and a place to eat it. Clean, good service, and a menu with lots of variety
Yay for local mom and pop deli's. I enjoy nothing more than a hearty sandwich, with soup and salad. This place is a great addition to Charleston Blvd.
They used to have pies, but that didn't sell too well, so it's just down to the bread and butter of making the items aforementioned.
The lunch special is pretty good 5-6 bucks for half a sandwhich, chips and drink..
I got the half sandwich with soup deal. I enjoyed it very much, left full , but felt satisfied.
Note: W Sahara location closed and moved here
I've been going to this place for about a year now, and its really, really good every time.  The Hell's Kitchen Sandwich - egg salad, bacon, swiss & avacodo on marble rye is to die for.  One star deduction because the side portion (chips or potato salad) is really, really small, like 1/4 cup small.  Teeny.  The sandwiches however are decent sized.  Other recommended sandwiches:  Bronx Bomber - egg salad and pastrami on rye (yes I love egg salad!), Coney Island Reuben and the Cajun Crab Cake.  All outstanding. 

I am also ecstatic to find that they don't use latex gloves when making the sandwiches, unlike many sandwich chains.  My son is deathly allergic to latex. 

This is not a mom and pop though, its a national chain.  Its just relatively new to Vegas.  But who cares, its great!
BLT with avocado, OMG I'm salivating as I type this! Sooooo good from Heidi's! Also the Coney Island Reuben is super tasty. I love places that give you a free pickle with your sandwich. Just makes me smile and reminds me of sandwiches at home made by mom. Always with a pickle. 

I really wish they had a Heidi's in the southwest by my house because I would go more often and get to try more menu items. Or....maybe not. Cause I'd probably just stick to my two faves and have to buy a new wardrobe because of my expanding waist. Yeah, probably better that it's not close to home :)

Highly recommended for lunch if you are in the area. :)
I went here around 10am. The sign said open at 8am but it looked like they were just opening. When I walked in the lady at the counter looked like she was setting up & counting her money. Then a couple members of her staff walked in & she seemed relieved that they showed up. My brother in law says they have good sandwiches & bagels there so I ordered a veggie jalepeo bagel sandwich. I needed my morning fix so I asked if she had coffee. She said that they only had hazelnut which was ok for me. The sandwich was pretty good. The coffee was alright. The place was clean. The staff was alright. They weren't that friendly. Maybe cause they just woke up. Lol
This is going to be a short & sweet review.

I've been to this location and also the one on Sahara.  Both times I got the chicken salad.  Which is delicious!  I have gotten it on the bread (i love carbs!) and once on the wrap (the wrap is HUGE!).  All the sandwiches or wraps come with a pickle, and a side (chips, potato salad, mac salad or coldslaw).  I had the potato salad which was actually really good!  It's made with redskin potatoes.  Good seasoning and good flavor.  (its not mustard based).

Right now they are doing a $5 special.  I think its half of a sandwich or wrap, a side, a soda and a cookie.  Considering most of their sandwiches start at like $5.99 that is a damn good special.
Went there for a quick lunch with my coworker. The service is fast and staff are all friendly. For 5 bucks, you get a half sandwich, a side (chips, potato salad or cole slaw), a cookie, and a drink. That's a pretty good deal. All their bread are freshly baked and delicious. I will definitely go back again.
I'm a big fan of this place it's too bad the one on Sahara closed down. This time around I had the BLT on sour dough with avocado. It was delicious!  It made me sorry for trading half of my sandwich for my husband's half of Tuna. I wasn't a big fan of the Tuna Sandwich it was a little too fishy and sweet for my taste. We both had the potato salad which had  big chunks of potatoes and just the right amount of mayonnaise. 

If you don't have a big appetite they have $5.00 deals on half of a sandwhich and a side. They also have fresh cookies and brownies here if you are craving something sweet!
Great service, great food, and there's always a good radio station playing in the background.  I've been going to this Heidi's for over a year now, typically once a week on an office run for me and three other guys.  I haven't had a sandwich from their menu that wasn't good, and all of the sides are always a good option.  $5 lunch for half a sandwich (just as big as a whole sandwich you'd make at home), a side (chips, macaroni salad, potato salad, or cole slaw), a chocolate chip cookie and a drink is a steal.
I have meaning to write this review for some time now. I have been there 6 times. Each time trying to get something different, except today I really wanted a tuna sandwich. Every time I go there the quality of the food is the same - outstanding. I tasted my wife's sandwich which she had chicken salad on cabata w/ Cajun sauce, avocado, slice of pepper jack (I think). Mine was what I expected, but if she would have wanted to switch I would have finished it off in a heart beat. 

There $5 deal is great, keeps me from overeating but fills me up. 
1/2 sandwich 
choice of chips or potato salad 
cookie 
drink 
1/4 pickle slice 

The reason I gave a 5 star is the atmosphere, music lightly playing in the background. The entire restaurant is clean, including the bathrooms (yes I checked). Overall, I enjoy eating there, spending time with the wife and talking to her instead of being distracted by TVs.
Holy cow, I had no idea this place was a chain, but I am so glad it is because I went to the Henderson location yesterday and loved it so much that I found the Las Vegas location on Charleston today. $5 for a half sandwich, drink, potato salad, pickle, and a cookie!  That is an insanely good deal, not to mention the fact that the half sandwich is HUGE and the bread and cookie are freshly baked.  Thank you Yelpers for pointing me to the Hell's Kitchen sandwich -- egg salad, bacon, avocado, and Cajun sauce.  Seriously delicious.
I discovered this deli first while at a layover in Denver.  It was such a good size and reasonable price for any food at the airport.  At this location, it was the same.  I ordered the smoked turkey with extra veggies and sprouts.  Delicious.  Especially compared to the Quiznos turkey sandwich we had at the Denver airport the next day, which was lacking much of any filling.
Ended up at this Deli because every other restaurant in the shopping center was closed.  There's a reason this one has made it there.  Excellent egg salad sandwich! Prices were decent and the service was good.
So I come here once a week like a Christian going to church every Sunday. Every Monday around 1 or 2 pm I show up and don't even have to order. Half the time they're already working on my order. Without fail I always get the same sandwich. Pastrami Reuben on Rye or Wheat. I have no idea why their darn Pastrami Reuben tastes so good. I tried duplicating it at home with deli meats from Boars Head and Organic stuff from Whole Foods. FAIL... :(
The staff here is friendly and the food is pretty good. Oh and I recommend the Pastrami Reuben with the dressing on the side :)
Ok so I'm not a huge fan of sandwich places but my bf took me here for lunch one time and I totally fell in love with this place.

It was very busy and I can see why.

They have a few different sandwiches to choose from i got the Cajun Turkey w/ Avocado with a side of macaroni salad. Omg this was probably the most delicious sandwich Ive ever had the bread was so fresh and soft and the cajun mayo was super delicious and the avocado just made it even better. I finished every single bite and this is coming from someone who hates sandwiches. The macaroni salad was also tasty very sweet and delicious. 

I can see why this place is always packed, even writing this review makes me crave one of their tasty sandwiches. 

Good quality food, friendly service and decent prices = happy customer
So I've had Heidi's bookmarked for like 4958742987 years and I finally and went and man, I've just been going back ever since! 1st of all, I LOVE their lunch special. It's 1/2 a sandwich, a side, a pickle, a cookie and a drink all for $5. Dude, more often than not, I can't even finish all the food. And more importantly, their sandwiches are fantastic!! I usually get the meatball sandwich or the Hell's Kitchen, and man oh man, are they yummers. Their cookies and cannolis are pretty fantastic-O as well. They make their bread fresh every day and you can taste the difference. YOU NEED TO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!
My boyfriend and I were out and about in need of lunch and in the mood for something not too heavy as it was a hot day. At the suggestion of my Sister and fellow Yelper Alana M. we decided to check this sandwich shop out upon reading her review. 

I decided on the "Cajun turkey w/avocado" I chose sourdough bread as my choice. My sandwich came with a pickle and choice of salad, I opted for coleslaw which was very good with a sweet horseradish kick. My sandwich was delicious, generous with the juicy moist turkey, a layer of cajun mayo sauce, and avocado slathered with lettuce, purple onion and tomato. The bread was fresh and soft, this sandwich literally melted in my mouth and it was a cold sandwich lol. Mmmmm not a skimpy sandwich, very filling, fresh and tasty!

My boyfriend decided on the "Bronx Bomber" pastrami and egg salad, he chose rye bread. He opted for potato salad as his side and he truly enjoyed that sandwich!

They bake their bread fresh daily, they have the loaves displayed, as you select your choice of bread they slice it before preparing your sandwich. 

The service is great, friendly employees! 

They have hot and cold sandwiches, salads, wraps, soups, bagels, smoothies, ice cream and shakes as well as a few breakfast sandwiches. 

We will be back to try other menu items as well.

*They also deliver for a $2 charge.
This is my favorite sandwich shop in vegas! Not only are the prices great, but the bread and cookies are baked fresh daily. The staff does their job, not the most bubbly of personalities, but no complaints because they make amazing sandwiches and arent rude either :) the only downfall is that they close at 5 pm everyday, and closed on Monday's :(
I go here quite a bit for lunch as its relatively close to my work and I refuse to eat Subway ever since I found out they have hi-fructose corn syrup in their bread.   Well I read that on the internet (along with stuff about hi-fructose corn syrup being bad) so it has to be true right?  The Internet would never steer me wrong.

I tend to stick with the Salmon Melt on Wheat with no cheese and light spread.  It's basically some precooked chunks of smoked salmon which are recooked and placed on the bread, avocado and the veggies you choose and then smothered in some spicy sauce.  The process of the salmon would normally bother me but then I realize I'm paying $8.99 for it and a bag of chips and it's quite tasty so I get over it quickly.   I really like the wheat bread here, and with the salmon melt they usually give two extremely thick pieces of it (I'm thinking they might do this to better stabilize the toppings.   I've had other cold sandwiches and the pieces of bread haven't been thick.  Could all just be a giant coincidence if you believe in those)   There have been a few times I forgot to hold the cheese and I braved through it lactose intolerance notwithstanding.   Naturally it was even better with the pepperjack cheese smothering everything in between the bread.   Reason #5156 why I hate my life.  

I've also tried the Cajun Turkey with Avocado sandwich, as well as their roast beef.   I found both of these to be worthwhile of a visit as well but overall not as good as the Salmon Melt.   Service is always okay, though it does sometime seem rushed.  A giant line of people is a good enough reason for me to explain that, so no points deducted on that one.  We've also tried delivery a few times without any issues (quick and efficient)

Overall I can't find much fault with making Heidi's a lunchtime decision, especially over Subway.  Now I eagerly await someone to let me know Heidis uses hi-fructose corn syrup in their avocado, or to send me a youtube link to corn farmer propaganda on the health benefits of hfcs.   Get at me.
The $5 special turn out to be $6.48. I felt cheated and there was no explanation. The mozzarella  sandwich which I had was not good at all. After the meal, I decided to go to Einsteins.
I came here while at lunch at work. I've been to a few deli's and this was one of the best I've had. This was my first time here. I had gotten the Cajun turkey w/avaocado. The bread was so fresh that it was still steaming while she was making my sandwich. They had just taken the bread out of the oven. I had the potato salad along with my sandwich. Potato salad was really good also but that sandwich was awesome. 

I would have given this place 5 stars but the service was kind of whatever. The lady making my food was whatever and when I was going to pay I was just standing there waiting for someone to come by. They would see me but they would say one moment or something. So by the time I had paid my buddy who was ahead of me already devoured 75% of his sandwich. 

Otherwise this place has awesome sandwiches. I recommend.
I love this place!  I eat there all the time. The staff are sooooo nice....they even know me by name.  The food is great and the it's at a great cost.  It's very affordable.   Cindy and Daryl are great!  Highly recommend!
Discovered this place a few years ago and have been going ever since. Everything is delicious, great price, great service.
Love this place!  Food is always fresh and the Heidi's Lunch special is the best deal in town!
My brother and I have been branching out to find new lunch options. Heidi's Brooklyn Deli has been a pleasant surprise. I'm hooked on the Cajun turkey with avocado. I've had it on sourdough and marble rye, but I prefer the latter. The sourdough was too dense and dry. When I saw Cajun Turkey on the menu I expected seasoned turkey breast, but it is only roasted. The Cajun comes from the mayo spread. It has a nice kick and combined with the cool creamy mashed avocado it's the perfect match. Crisp lettuce, sliced purple onion and tomato makes it complete. The lunch special is $5 for half a sandwich with a pickle, chips, potato or macaroni salad and a cookie. However, I prefer the full sandwich with pickle, chips, potato or macaroni salad for a buck more. My brother has taken a liking to the chicken salad. One of these days, I'll have to try something else on the menu, but until then I'll happily enjoy the Cajun Turkey.
I found this place through my fiance a few years back and try to mix things up.  So much so, I totally forgot to come back aside from our binge fest then.  

I have tried the prosciutto, hell's kitchen and Brooklyn bomber in the past, all of which were amazing.  Prosciutto is awesome always and not much needs to be said about it.  The Brooklyn bomber consists of pastrami and their homemade egg salad and the heels kitchen is the sane except bacon, I believe.  This time, I went with the Coney Reuben with half corned beef and half pastrami.  It was pretty tasty, except for the fact that they have gotten pretty skimpy on the meats since I last remember.  That is a category that should never be sacrificed.  I added a side of naked beans and a pickle is always thrown in for good measure.

The establishment that I went to was the location in Charleston.  The interior is very well kept and spacious with an efficient use of space.  The only thing is that there order line starts from the right to the left.  The staff is friendly as always and the location I visited on Eastern have that East coast feel with New York and Jersey accented staff.  This location, not so much.  

There is a vast variety of menu items to choose from though. Anything from breakfast, soup, sandwiches (cold/hot), salads and even smoothies.  I have yet to try everything and noticed that they have specials including half sandwich and soup combinations.

Initially, I would have given this place a 4 star rating, but with the influx of decent sandwich shops sprouting up everywhere, I would have to kick it down a notch just because of the far from generous portion of meat added to my meal.  I wanted to pay for a $7+ sandwich, not too mention I always tip, so expect to be rewarded...somewhat.  I hope my next visit is better.
Man o man, I eat here for lunch 2-3 days per week and totally spaced in actually writing a review. Anyways, here goes. 
They have filling sandwiches, soups, salads, and smoothies. I've tried the majority of the sandwiches and my favorites are the bronx bomber which is egg salad with pastrami, and the cheesesteak.
I got the philly cheese steak.  The bread was decent, but that was about all that was decent.   The steak was roast beef heated up.  The bell peppers were mushy and there was hardly any flavor to the sandwich.  I would much rather have gone to subway.  I would not go back again.
I love this place there hell's kitchen is awesom and they have a lunch special.  Its amazing try it...totally worth it
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Floor was dirty.

LIKE  The sesame bagel. The breakfast sandwich. The Power Punch smoothie.

LOVE  Nothing.
this used to be a very popular place to go eat for all the students in the area since they had a $5 special. They used to have a very long line and a ton of business before they raised their special by 20%!!! (ok, its just a dollar). I still go but a lot less frequently. I don't see the long lines anymore so i guess the extra dollar has benefited me in some way. the turkey avocado sandwich on marble bread is my favorite.
What a great place! Everything is fresh including the bread. The soup was good and the place is clean and welcoming. Will definitely be a regular as long as I'm in town!
Four stars?'really yelp? This place is not a Brooklyn deli. It's a generic franchised fast food deli. Everything is microwaved, including the hot dog which they put ketchup on. Ewwwww. Never again. I will say the people were nice...that was about the only good thing.
Decided to try this place, now ive went about 3 or 4 times and i look forward to going to lunch. The crab cake sandwich was pretty good but the Hell's Kitchen sandwich is amazing. Definitely recommended
New owner has run this place into the ground.    I usually go about three times a week and the last three times I have been the place is a mess, seats are torn and the food quality has drastically declined.   They used to make fresh bread, but the bread on the sandwich was stale.  sadly I will not be going back.
Stellar deli- wish I'd checked the reviews here before going, because I would have ordered differently. That being said, I still enjoyed everything I did get!

BF and I worked hard moving into our new apartment and worked up an appetite- rushed to Heidi's for sustenance. We each got a sandwich and swapped halves to share: the Transplanted New Yorker on marble rye was his choice while the Salmon Melt on french was mine. Both came with pickles and cups of potato salad. 
I'm not a big spice fan but the NY was a good kind of spicy- it snuck up on you! Each bite started out mild and built up in eat for a spicy aftertaste. Bread was soft, meat was plentiful, and the avocado was a nice creamy touch.
The Salmon Melt was delish- I'm picky about warm salmon (I prefer it as sashimi) but the flavors were spot on. Add in the spicy cajun sauce and it had a good kick to it that added the much-needed "extra something" that a lot of salmon sandwiches lack.

The pickle was a great bit of cool flavor after the spicy sandwiches, and the potato salad was with red potatoes- which is so much better than regular mustard/mayo potato salad. Red potatoes make the salad so much better, no clue why. Maybe it's all in my head.

In any case, the sandwiches are effing huge- the half sandwich lunch combo would be a perfect meal, but with the half-and-half swap the BF and I did, neither of us completely finished. Which is a good thing. I could only manage about 3/4ths of each and it's the only meal I ate for the day. 
The meal for both of us, with tax, came to a total of $20- awesome pricing for phenomenal portion sizes, great value.

Also worth a mention? The staff is badass. Super friendly and polite, cool guys. Had recommendations and suggestions, and even offered to make a half pastrami and half corned beef sandwich for the BF in the future. We'll definitely be back- the breakfast burrito, crab cake, and eggplant parm all need to be in my life. As do the soups!
Was going over by bookmarks for lunch and this was right down the street. The four star average caught my eye so off I went. 

Located off of Charleston, there is only one driveway going into this Red Rock Plaza so if for any reason you are trying to escape the police in your car, don't go in here. :P

As I am going over the menu, I see there is a lot of choices. The guy behind the counter suggests I get the 5.99 combo. What's that I ask. He mumbled something about half a sandwich, a side, and a drink. I said nope. I was wanting a full sandwich damnit.

So I go with the Italian, which has cappacola, salami, ham, montadella, provolone, onions, tomatoes, lettuce, oil n vinegar, salt n pepper, and oregano on Italian bread. Sounds good right? NOOOOOOOOO! 

The bread to meat ratio was rather large. The bread itself didn't seem fresh and there was a lot of it. If you refer to my pic, the overall size of the sandwich is mostly bread. The meat didn't seem much. I think dude forgot to put oil and vinegar for I don't remember my taste buds ever tasting any. When I got done, I still had some bread left over after running out of what like 3 or 4 kinds of meat I think? Total I paid was 8 and some change. 

The place is pretty big with enough tables and chairs for about 40 people.

Customer service was ok. Dude did his job. Nothing extraordinary.

As I was leaving, I couldn't help but think of how this place could average 4 stars. To be fair, if I just happen to make another visit and my experience is better, then I will update this review accordingly. Sorry Heidi, I was not impressed.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #28
Terrible service. A bunch of kids running this place. What's with the lox. I ordered a nova and bagel platter and they cooked the salmon and it was broken into little pieces that's not how lox and bagels is served. Very confused and really don't want to complain to these children.
Delicious! A decent, healthy meal for only $7- half a sandwich (still good size), soup, a pickle and a side. The staff was really friendly and the cookies are to die for. Definitely glad I found this place today!
I'll keep this as short as possible.

Everyone I know has told me how great this place is.

So I walk in yesterday with my friends at 5:10pm. First visit ever. 

As soon as we get to the counter, one of the sandwich guys loudly says "Hey guys, we close at 6, so make it quick. We close at 6 and we need to be out of here AT 6."

There were two employees. One guy had a goatee. And the other guy didn't. The other guy is the one who said "make it quick." 

This visit took place on Thursday March 20th at 5:10pm. 

"Make it quick." Wow. Heidi's must be doing really well to turn down business 50 minutes before close.

Terrible first impression from an ungrateful worker. Never going back. If it was my store I would initiate documented coaching and if he had previous issues I would fire him.
This is mainly a review on their work stations...from food service to food service...they need to label their food with expiration dates. I took a peek at their small reach in fridge and saw a whole bunch of stuff that was labeled or dated...that's a pet peeve at my work! Also, that's a food safety issue.
The best Egg Salad Sandwich ever!!!  (Hell's Kitchen)

Keep in mind, that is the only thing I have ever had from there, so I do not know about their other sandwiches (although, my friend loves their BLT, and my husband loved the Bronx Bomber).

I get the Hell's Kitchen on Sourdough.  It is Egg Salad with avocado and this cajun sauce with bacon (I also add onion).  mmmmm.. I crave this sandwich ALL the time.

Cookies are OK, macaroni salad is decent, but the Hell's Kitchen is the best part and the reason I am giving it 5 stars.
Open Range offers some damn-good home cooking. My family eats here often and has never had a bad meal. Not to mention that the portions are huge. 

I usually order the cobb salad. From a typical deli, I'd normally expect iceberg lettuce, a handful of shaved carrots, some egg, and a little bit of bacon. But if that were the case, I wouldn't be ordering the salad again and again. The field greens and romaine lettuce are served with avocado (I'm pretty sure they use at least 1/2 an avocado for each salad), artichoke hearts, tomatoes, bacon (no bacon bits here!), radishes, blue cheese, egg, cucumbers  and I'm sure i'm forgetting something else, but it is GOOD. Sometimes, if I'm really hungry, I order it with a side of their twice baked casserole (twice baked potato in a cup, basically. It's unbelievable.) I'd also recommend the Arizona caviar (black bean salad) or southwest coleslaw.

My dad loves their BBQ sandwiches (with choice of homemade barbecue sauce - each one better than the last), my mom usually orders one of their other great salads with a side of potato pancakes (better than grandma's), and grandpa loves whatever is on special. Even my picky-eater brother loves food at Open Range - and that's saying something!

Bethany and Tom are the owners; Bethany does most of the kitchen cooking and Tom says that he's in charge of most of the barbecuein'. (He once gave my family a taste of some of their freshly smoked pecans and WHOA, they were GOOD.) The restaurant (as the name suggests) has a full service deli too, in case you need a pound of freshly sliced ham as well as a meal.

In the past, the service has been slow, but it has improved dramatically over the past year. The restaurant has a killer view of the Superstition Mountains, and is within 10 - 20 minutes of countless hiking trails. 

To make this long review short: if you're looking for a tastes-like-home (or tastes-better-than-home) cooked meal and you're in the far east valley, make sure to stop in for lunch or dinner. You'll probably see my family and me chowing down too.
I really wanted to like this place. Becky had me so ready for a good experience.....Hubs is from Houston, and loves a good casual BBQ joint, and we'd been on the road for 2+ hours, so just getting out of the car to stretch our legs was a treat.

We arrived at a fun looking place, with cow hides all over, and lone stars everywhere. The smell from the smoker told me it was a solid choice, and I was already patting myself on the back for leading my family here. 

Greeted by a man (Bruce) whom I assume is a relative of the owners....most likely the dad who was grumpy to have to work that day, and completely unfamiliar with the workings of this deli/restaurant.

He greeted me brashly and told me that we could sit anywhere we want. We chose a quiet table in a room just off to the side of the main dining room, but in plain sight of the server. This evidently pissed him off to no end, because he said in a gruff voice "NO one ever sits HERE" and every other glass/cup/plate he brought out from them on was slammed on the table. He would then tend to another table, and he was as pleasant as pie, so I assume he just had it in for us because we didn't sit in the main dining room.

There were only a few tables when we got there just before 1pm, and they were already out of the cowboy caviar....it was a busy Friday afternoon, and I could hear from the server's other conversations that they were gearing up for a big medieval festival, so I didn't understand how they could be out of their specialty side so quickly.....but, no matter.

I really thought Bruce was going to have an aneurysm  when he took our order... I'm thinking Bruce should be out back tending to the smoker.... But,  I really wasn't offended, as much as amused by his "soup nazi" mentality.

I ordered beer. Took 15 minutes to get it, but it WAS good....served in a tall jelly jar, and only $1 :) Made me happy.

One ear of corn, which I ordered for my daughter was $3.... made me sad....especially since it was over cooked and soggy :(( Corn should never be soggy, unless it comes from the state fair, or from a can....

If I had to order from there again, I would get the chopped instead of the sliced brisket....the veins of fat in the brisket were thick and had to be cut off before I could eat it. The chopped brisket, on the other hand, was cheaper in price, and yielded way more edible beef. The smoke flavor was not very strong, and the BBQ sauces seemed to be watered down.

A family of four ate a lunch there and the meal with tip was over $60...that was with NO dessert, and only $4 worth of beer. It is in a remote area by a destination golf course, so it probably does well with the locals, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.
BAD. AWFUL. THE WORST.

One of the worst dining experiences of my life that I keep trying to forget, but I just can't. And I have to share my experience so that some other well-meaning tourist does NOT give this place a try. 

In February, my man and I were visiting his family in the area. We drove to hike at the mountains, but ended up stopping for lunch instead. Our party of 5 arrived at 12:30 on a Sunday. When we asked if they were still open, the waiter replied, "I guess you'll be the last table". Umm, your hours say that you are open until 2pm on Sundays. In this economy, I don't think it's smart to turn business away, but maybe that's just me. This was the first sign of a problem and we should have walked out, but I try to be agreeable and go with the group. It was one awful thing after another: the waiter argued with our drink orders after we told him he brought the wrong thing, it took over 30 minutes to bring our chips & salsa for appetizers and the portions were insanely small. If chips and salsa cost money, you can at least give me more than 25 chips! An hour (yes, 1 hour) after ordering, the food came out 1 dish at a time. The veggie burger was just as ordered and bowl of soup was fine. The sandwich my boyfriend's nephew ordered was with the wrong meat and cheese. We heard a whole bunch of yelling with curse words and couldn't tell where it was coming from, but quickly realized that it was the cook in the kitchen. The cook seemed to be pissed off at what we ordered and didn't want to make it. My chicken sandwich came out next.  I cut it in half to discover that the CHICKEN WAS NOT FULLY COOKED. Seriously disgusting. My boyfriend's trio of "sliders" came out on 3 plates with the beef, pork and other meats partially charred (not in a good way) and the bread haphazardly thrown on top. I don't think it was supposed to be "build it yourself". We heard more yelling from the cook and then heard, "I'm f***ing done with this place" as the cook threw off their apron and stormed out. The waiter was clearly ashamed  and apologized for the cook. After some convincing, he reluctantly removed the chicken sandwich and sliders from our bill and we tried to leave as quickly as possible.

Once again, I would like to say that I hate writing bad reviews.... But if I had read a review similar to mine, we would have never come to this horrible place to "piss off" the cook so much. Lesson learned!

Note to the staff: It would be better to turn business away than give your patrons horrible service and be pissed off yourselves as well.
Traditionally, Poland is not recognised for its world class foods - however, without a shadow of a doubt it should be if Bona Deli is a taste of what is to come.

The story goes that when the store first opened, Polish immigrants who hadnt seen thier home for years would come into the deli to smell the smells of Poland. Indeed, the smell of fresh Polish bread often greets you as you enter the small deli situated on South Clerk street.

Bona Deli trades in meats, breads, speciality Polish vodka's (a personal favourite of mine) and various other wonders which I am yet to discover - mainly because the packaging is often in Polish, something I dont speak at all.

While I could sing the praises of Bona Deli all day, it does have a few draw backs - namely the quite expensive prices and how quickly it runs out of its most popular items, more than once causing dissapointment.

Regardless of this however, Bona Deli is a great deli  - with real Polish passion.
I was so ignorant about Polish delicacies until my friend brought me here and I can see what all the fuss is about! Although most of us may have heard about Polish Vodka, in fact we fail to acknowledge their contribution to bakery, sweet making and of course dumplings! This place boasts a good selection of almost everything, including a great meat counter and fresh bread.
Bona Deli is a fantastic delicatessen, selling predominately Polish food in the centre of busy Nicolson Street. I go into this store quite a lot in the mornings for my breakfast on my way to classes to buy their pastries which are simply gorgeous. 

They have a good selection of different Polish foods such as gherkins, sausages and, of course, vodka! They also sell herbs and spices such as dill and caraway seeds which can sometimes be difficult to find in the larger food stores. 

Bona Deli sell the traditional deli food, with an excellent selection of meats, fish, cheese and fresh bread.  However, with this wide range of food also come the usual expensive deli prices so I tend to think that many of their goods are overpriced.  The staff are always smiling, polite and willing to help you find what you are looking for.
Having just got back from my first trip to Poland, I am a little bit obsessed with the cuisine. Okay, so preparing it at home when the scottish rain is pelting down doesn't even come close to comparing to sitting outside one of the cafs lining the main square in Krakow's old town, it's as close as I'm going to get and Bona Deli stocks pretty much every Polish foodstuff there is.

Unlike most delis, they don't feel the need to ridiculously overprice things just because they're "independent".  And the value is matched not only by the authenticity but also by the friendly service, you'll always get a smile and a hello when you go in.
Bona Deli is an excellent Polish delicatessen on Clerc Street which has friendly, knowledgable service and loads of interesting and rare produce.  They sell a huge range of authentic Polish ingredients and delicassies ranging from huge bags of things which look like kettle chips to a whole range of pickled vegetables.  
Their cured meats section is particularly impressive with a huge selection of smoked hams and cured poultry.  Their cheeses are also tempting with many of them looking - and sounding - obscure, but also delicious.  
Bona Deli has an excellent range of food and drink and, although it's understandably pricy, it's well worth the extra money.
I have to admit, Polish cuisine doesn't exactly excite me all that much but I can honestly say that there are few things I find as tasty as a Kabanos which is absolutely delicious and they have a good selection of them in Bona Deli. 

Bona Deli is an excellent resource if you're looking for some Polish food and I was thrilled to see that they sold Almette which is a really creamy Philadelphia type spread that I ate literally every day on my travels through Eastern Europe - it's just so tasty. 

I had a great browse around here the other day and was really intrigued by some of the pickled jars, I was also ecstatic to see a wicker basket full of gherkins and I decided to buy a couple to chomp on and they were pickle-tastic.
The Polish deli's that have been popping up over the city are each more excellent than the next. 

Someone has set the standard high, since most are quite upmarket. Bona Deli is no exception - from the minute you step in the door you are faced with delicious bread, pastries, dumplings, Polish confectionery and (powers up) - the meat counter! Polish sausage is an out of this world experience that everyone must try once in their life.

They have a great selection of booze that doesn't just consist of vodka - there are some very nice Polish beers that I am eager to try. There are also some polish branded goods in their convenience store section. Lovely, and as appreciated by the Scottish as the Polish quarter of Edinburgh! Friendly service, too. Yum, yum.
I love this place. I love discovering their breads, sausages and meats when I pop in. Every time I'm in it feel like I'm in Poland (or what I think a Polish Deli would be like in Poland..if you get what I mean!) The voices and the smells of the food. 
Price wise is seems to be on a par with other local delis.
This Polish deli is well on the way to become a lot bigger (hopefully not to the same sudden departure as Deli Polonia!). 

I like the welcome we got when we visited and they have got a lot of speciality meats for sale. (but no Oxtongue..though) Their available variety of Polish and Baltic produce is impressive. 

Not too expensive and when I am in the neighbourhood again I  will give them a visit.
I seem to spend my life on the hunt for nice deli's and am usually disappointed by what I find in most of them, very often these places seem to be all style and no substance; reformed ham on a mass produced, nasty, white baguette? No thank you. Scott's, however, is quite a nice wee place on the border of Tollcross and Bruntsfield, although I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's the best deli in town, it does manage to live up to some of my gastro-expectations. It ticks all the boxes in terms of a good selection of cheese, meat, salad-y bits (olives, roast peppers, artichoke hearts etc) and they will gladly make you up a sandwich or salad for a reasonable price. There are a few seats too, if you fancy enjoying something to eat there like the pizza, Stromboli, tortillas and really good quiches (probably best not to sample them all at once...). They are one of the few places to still do hot chocolate with cream, marshmallows and maltesers (aka the holy trinity of hot chocolate toppings). Yum.
Scott's deli is amazing! There's no other way of putting it. Their bread is amazing, their sandwiches are amazing and the staff are amazing!
they offer gourmet catering to the masses or to yourself.  To get a baguette with 2 fillings to take-away will cost 3 and is an extra 50p per filling, or they have either small or large salad boxes if you fancy something healthier. 
I can't tell you how great this little Deli is! From the outside it looks really nice, but nowhere near as nice as it is inside and the quality you get back.
Scott - whoever you are - thank you thank you thank you
Unlike the majority of so called Deli's in Edinburgh (of which there are infinite amounts) , Scott's seems to understand the meaning of delicatessen: a vendor of fine foods or delicacies.

Its thanks to Scott that I'm familiar with the likes of applewood smoked cheddar, harlequin olives and panatas.  The affordable prices have meant I can freely get my grubby mitts on such exotic delicacies and enjoy some unique and interesting food.

Panatas, for example is a Portuguese custard tart that has taken a considerable chunk out of my lunch money on many an occasion, superb.

Space to sit down, papers to read and all within the confines of a fully competent Deli. 

Thanks Scott.
Oh, delicious foodstuffs. And what a great space, to boot! 

I'm pretty sure I stumbled upon Scott's Deli without meaning to. I can't even remember when or how or with whom, but I've been totally addicted ever since. Scott's is on the way to Monkey Temple, where a friend of mine worked, so when I was feeling particularly generous, I'd pick us up lunch and coffee there to munch on at her work. 

There're salads of all delicious types: roasted carrot with spinach doused in healthy quantities of olive oil, tomato and mozzarella salad, artichokes, roasted peppers, roasted aubergines, many a beautiful thing. You can also choose to put these salads in a sandwich: you choose the bread, choose whether you want mayo or pesto (freshly made) on your bread, then pick a few fillings, including cheese and meat. 

And the coffee, oh the coffee is delicious. But it's hardcore. You will never need more than one. So, you're obviously sitting at home reading this. You should now leave and go eat a sandwich. Good.
Scott's deli was a place I regularly visited when I lived close by in Bruntsfield. From the outside, the deli looks quite cool, laid back and almost cosmopolitan. And when you are inside, this feeling is confirmed. You can always be guaranteed that there is someone in their reading the Guardian or young professionals looking concerned at their blackberry! 

Not like your normal deli, Scott's deli provides what can only be described as 'gourmet' sandwiches and baguettes, along with soups, pastries and hot drinks. Not content at the range of foods on offer, the price of a roll/sandwich/baguette is very reasonable. 

So if you want to expand your range of deli snacks, then Scott's deli is ideal!
Like many of the reviews of Scott's Deli, I want to wax lyrical about the deli side of it all....Sam C sums it up with "vendor of find foods and delicacies".  You wouldn't be disappointed if you went in expecting to find this!

Having been in for lunch and snacks on previous occassions, we tried them for breakfast on Sunday.  The breakfast service seems new - it wasn't as organised as the rest of their usually good service.  

It was, however, generous and delicious.  Not haute cuisine but perfectly tasty breakfast nonetheless, and good coffee.  It was a hard choice, as usual, to choose what to have...all the deli items are so tempting that actually plumping for a traditional breakfast seemed a heart-breaking waste!

The odd item I've ordered in the past doesn't quite reach the otherwise high standard of their deli choices but, overall, a consistently good to excellent experience.  I don't think I've ever been truly disappointed any of the times I've been here and feel a little like I'm being unfair only giving three stars rather than four.  But there are just a few little things that let it down...can I give it three and a half??
I've been impressed by the fresh, beautiful salads on offer here for lunch, but was very disappointed by breakfast this morning. Not only was it too expensive, but it took fifteen minutes to prepare, and we were the only ones in the shop. 

In general, Scott's has awesome food for a decent price--especially for vegetarians or veggie sympathisers--but rule this place out if you're looking for breakfast (especially a quick one!). There's lots of better choices around.
Popped in here on Saturday for a quick coffee and was really impressed. These guys are running a real community business.

With a cracking deli side - "the Bear Cave" is an impressive way of bringing in the plethora of young parents around that part of the city. Its seems to be like an actice creche and clerarly very popular.

Upstairs maintains that south side chique coffee shop feel with computers and magazines. While in I had a cappucino and a scone - nice coffee and a cracking scone with butter and jam!! Nom nom.

I the feel of the place - the poudly laid out fresh crossants and other baked goods done in house (as apparent by the smoke) add almost a french feel to it that really sits well with me!

Great work  - a place I will be back to for sure!
For my Grandfathers 75th birthday, my family threw a suprise party for him and used Green's as the caterers for nearly 100 people.

The staff were a pleasure to work with and knew thier stuff about planning the food at such an occasion to the point where me and my father (who were arranging the food) were genuinly impressed by thier input.

Over all,the food was of outstanding quality and cheap - at around 6 or so punds a person. There was also the option of hiring staff to serve the food, although this was not an option we took.
It took me until this year (my fourth year living in Edinburgh) to get around to going to Greens Deli. I mean, it's not because I never wanted to, but because I'd only ever heard rumour of its existence, and people never tended to elaborate on what they served there. They just tended to see you gotta get there early, or there won't be any ingredients left. So, one day, I did. 

Greens Deli is the typical kind of student foody place to go. It's right next to the George Square library and the other abominable buildings that the university has built around George Square, and where it educates its students. This means that around 1, the place is packed with really hungry kids. 

The fillings are really delicious, and the price is OK for how good it is. I don't know of any other sandwich place that has roasted courgettes AND aubergines AND peppers as fillings. And the honey mustard sauce is delicious. One warning, though. If you go here and decide to take your panini or wrap out to the park to eat (or wherever), be careful or you definitely will get covered in sauce.
There are a lot of places around George Sq. for students to pick up sandwiches and paninis for lunch. These places seem to really have exploded in recent years (that is in numbers, they haven't all combusted), taking advantage of less people making their own lunch (which will presumably change in these troubled times). Unfortunately that means that a lot of them turn out to be much of the same.

A friend recommended this place to me after I complained about the above. I have to say I was reasonably satisfied with my visit. Greens Deli does do much of the same thing, but the quality is above standard. There selection of tortillas and paninis are a bit more exciting that the usual norm. 

The place itself seems clean and hygienic and the staff friendly enough. I wasn't too pleased about the price, but I expected this. All of these snack deli joints seem to end up costing over a fiver for lunch, which considering what else you get for that or just a little more at a restaurant, leaves me wishing I had made my own sandwiches.
Okay so there is a reason there is a huge queue here every lunch time.

First of all let me say that I kind of don't like sandwiches. I always find them boring, soggy and unappetizing. However after reading Emily's review of Thyme in Holyrood, I thought I would give it a bash.

I am so glad I did! The choice of fillings is amazing, and so much more exciting than ham and cheese/tuna mayo/chicken and sweetcorn. With fillings such as Sweet Chilli Tuna, Brie and Pinenuts, and Posh Cheddar I was spoiled for choice. There is a good selection of different rolls too as opposed to white or brown. 

As you go into the shop you pick your roll up from the basket and when you get to the front of the queue hand it over to the assistant who happily packs your sandwich full of yummyness. I went for Brie and Apple which had a multitude of different bits going in, and it tasted delicious. The girl in front of me had a Caesar salad and it looked awesome, a huge bowl filled with chicken, cous cous and salad. The salad selection is pretty great too, I think I will have to return to sample those. My sandwich was 3.05 but with student discount it was 2.75 which was a great price for the top quality nosh. 

The only thing was the writing on the menu on the wall was so darn small I couldn't read it.
An independent chain, Thyme pride themselves on offering 'Freshly made food with a pinch of perfection.'

Alongside catering for offices and local businesses in the city, they currently have two outlets where you can order fresh sandwiches, salad bowls, yoghurt and granola, fruit pots and drinks. Prices are slightly cheaper than Pret and you get to choose between sliced bread, baguettes, bagels, rolls and wraps. 

The crayfish and rocket and thyme house with chicken and avocado are both pretty delicious but it's the caesar salad that hits the bullseye.  I opted for the wrap and my tastebuds were delighted by the strips of crispy bacon, parmesan shavings, crispy cos lettuce and caesar dressing accompanying the moist pieces of chicken. Hell, it even had a sprinkling of toasted pine nuts - which in my eyes makes it a 5 star lunch!
In the name of reviewing duties, I'm known to spread the net far and wide especially at lunchtimes, yet it was with almost a sense of disappointment that I stumbled across Thyme on my extended venture to this neck of the woods.

Disappointed because I hoped to find someplace new and untried, yet deep down I knew it was impossible to resist a Bacon and Brie on a poppyseed roll from here. Even if I'm not hungry, I literally find it impossible to walk past Thyme on Holyrood Road, and I expect the same effect every time I'm in the vicinity of this one.

The menu looks outstanding, but I just can't stop eating that same sarnie over and over. I genuinely believe that there can't be a better sandwich in the world.
I am fortunate enough to walk by Thyme on my way into work in the morning and have started popping in to grab my lunch on my way.  Their breakfast foods look outstanding, but I'm there to get the fuel which will keep me going in the afternoon.  Every time I stop in here the staff are SO nice.  They make up the roll quick as can be, and it is just packed full of goodness.  The fillings are so fresh and interesting, made on lovely fresh bread.  

I've raved so much about my lunched recently that as I write this, my coworkers are on the Thyme website picking out fillings and getting excited for placing an order for delivery (which, by the way, is such a great service!).
Y.U.M. 

This is my favourite take away lunch place close to work. The salads are amazing - my favourites are the half & half (half salad, half couscous) Chicken & Falafal or Chicken & Cashew nuts. The soup is home-made & comes with a thick piece of bread. They normally have 3 soup options but you need to be really prompt as it's mega busy with the work lunch crowd and the soups go fast!! 

The service is mega speedy and friendly - they acknowledge regulars which I like.

The only thing I'd like them to do more of is hot baked potato fillings - if they did a chili filling, I'd probably be here everyday, mixing it up with my salads, soups and baked potato depending on my level of hungriness.
Not sure how to rate this place. I tried to order breakfast based on other people in my office. I ran into a little snag, the menu I have for them doesn't list their phone number. Only a web address! Get this the website is down under construction! How do you print menu's with no phone number and only a web address that is under construction? I could not find a number on the web either. Before coming here I called the Tempe location they didn't know the number either nor did they care to try and get it for me they hung up! Bad business. So as of right now I cannot rate the food only the sucky service. I doubt I will be trying the food after this fiasco!
The convenience, speed, service, price, selection, and taste that you expect from your favorite lunch spots.  It is your standard sandwich/salad fare but the menu is inclusive enough for most tastes.  A welcome addition to the neighborhood.

If it is any consolation to Kerstin B, their new to go menu has a current phone number.
Eating one of their Santa Barbara Veggie burgers right now. Love the chipolte dressing on it.  Yummy!  

Great large menu.  

Fun group of guys working behind the counter...full of enthusiasm and personality!

Best part:  They sell New Leaf Tea....I didn't think you could get that here as I've only seen it available on the East coast!
Great place with a personal touch! The owners always remember my name- and the food is very good as well. I've only had their breakfast, and need to try lunch here.  It is a very clean and well-maintained place to go, and the prices are reasonable. The Esplanade needed other alternatives to Starbucks and this restaurant really fits the bill. Recommended!
I've tired CMD for breakfast times and have had several different sandwhichs for lunch. I call ahead and have never been told more than 5 minutes. The orders are always ready for pick-up. I think they've done a good job of engaging thier patrons on a personal level. Its a definite plus to the complex. I also think they have a nice variety of sandwichs as well. Great inputs: Boar's Head.
This place is new in the area, and has a lot of potential.  I unfortunately had to witness business practices of theirs that was not at all professional. They try to compete with the Starbuck's next to them when they should be working together. Sandwiches and coffee are not the same thing, an indirect market to be competing with.  Sorry to tell them, Seattle's Best IS Starbucks! *Shakes Head* One of these days I'll go back and try their food again because it's not bad, it's the service and their business approach.
I've stopped in the Esplanade shop a number of times.  These guys do a great job - excellent sandwiches served quickly and reasonably priced.  If you go in there more than once they'll probably know your name by the second visit.
LOVE their Chicago Dog!  The food is well priced and made well, the breads, meats and veggies are wonderful.  The service has never been bad, and always friendly.   If you like meat and even not, there are salads, skip Paradise across the street and try this instead!
Always the best, quick service , great food
Very disappointing. I had a veggie sandwich... or maybe they should have called it the low cal Air Sandwich. There was nothing on it. A single slice of cucumber, a single lettuce leaf... come on, really? I wouldn't haven't order something with bread I was Twiggy (skinny super model for those who don't know). And they were really cheap on the sprouts too. Wildflower, etc stacks their veggies with... well, veggies, of course! 7 dollars. Suck. I should have taken it back and just pretended to have lunch.
The Owner and Employees are nice people, but there is definitely an advantage for City Market 2 being located in a corporate building because they can charge ridiculous prices for the convenience. I try to avoid ordering from them as much as possible. This morning I ordered an Americano (1 shot espresso and water) and a cheese Danish and it was 5.50. The Danish was a few days old because it was hard as a brick and was uneatable. I will seriously never, ever order for them again.
The Good: sandwiches are mostly very quality and are made quickly. Not crazy about the Tuna salad - too rich. Same goes for the Chicken salad sandwich. The beef sandwiches are really good. 

Not so good: they seem to have a high turnover rate for employees. The man who seems to be managing is more often than not engaged in loud conversations with vendors and other people. He is often arguing with people related to the Esplanade management. It does not create a pleasant ambience. I am fed up with this guy and will not be back.
OK so today someone in my office brought me a sandwich from City Market Deli. It was the Santa Fe Club. Oven Gold Turkey, Bacon, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Alfalfa Sprouts, Chipotle Mayo served on Our Toasted Multi-Grain Bread.

The bread is very good and the sandwich has a good amount of flavorful turkey. The chipotle mayo has just the right amount of heat. Overall a very tasty sandwich!
Quick, fast and delish.  Love this place!
They just opened at Biltmore Commerce Center and it is very convenient. Some items are good others just meh. Each day they have a roast beef, turkey or ham sandwich for $4.99. They're delicious and filling. However, today the bread (two different kinds of bread) were stale, stale, stale. It's Monday, so I'm guessing they're left over from last week. Otherwise a good place.
Highly convenient if you are in the Portales Business Center in Scottsdale. FREE delivery to any office for any amount of food in the 2 building complex rain or shine, early or late. I ordered a cheese danish for $1.50 and got it delivered. That kind of service is rare and worth this review.

The food menu is very reasonable. My lunch with combo is never over $10/day. I cannot speak for the coffee side since I dont drink coffee. But the overall atmosphere, the quickness of the ordering and giving and the general inexpensive without eating crap is really great. 

If you are coming through Scottsdale during the day and looking for a gem with good food and solid prices this is a nice change.
Awesome awesome food , great service, Nick is so accommodating and he is always so gracious. thank you for great food and service!
It is lunchtime. I want it to taste good, be served quick, and priced so I can come here everyday. Look no further than City Market Deli. Randy Kasab is the man and the selection is so large you'll never have the same thing twice. No other place to lunch like this in Biltmore.
I. Just. LOVE this place! I work in the building upstairs and often grab a sandwich here for lunch. They are quick, friendly and although I think their sandwiches are just a smidge over priced--I buy them anyways because THEY ARE SO GOOD! If you're in the mood for a cold sandwich, I recommend the Little Italy-It's an Italian sandwich and if you're in the mood for something hot, go with the Liberty Bell or the Detroit Roast Beef Dip- Yum-O! They also have wraps and great salads (grab a Greek salad with their amazing feta Greek dressing-I buy the dressing in little cups and put it on EVERYTHING when I cook at home). There is a soup of the day and they also have super large fountain drinks for under two bucks. Their breakfast is great too and if you don't see something you're wanting on the menu, just ask Randy and he'll likely put it together for you if it's not too big a request (My boss often just wants scrambled eggs, bacon and toast, so they whip that up for her in a jiff). Seriously, this place is amazing!
Ok.
So I had a review on here yesterday because I was in a pissy mood and kind of upset about other stuff and sorta took it out on City Market - SORRY! But today RANDY came to me and we cleared it up.

IF YOU EVER EVER EVER HAVE ANY PROBLEM EVER, ask for Randy. He is amazing and will do whatever needs to be done to fix your issue.
They run a great place here.
They have great food, great service and ... what else can I say?
Go here. Eat Good. Be Satisfied.
HI RANDY!!
Bacon on breakfast sandwich tasted weird, how can you mess up bacon? Ordered from an unfriendly person.  Thought I'd try something different, but I won't be going back. There are so many other great restaurants in this area, I was bummed!
The nicest young woman works there and she is a delight to see. Plus, their food is high quality.
Just had their Brie and Mushroom soup. AMAZING! It was exactly what I wanted!! Once again, great food, great service! Keep up the good work guys!
Good food, albeit slightly overpriced. I recommend trying the LA wrap. I've had their salads and I think the chicken they use is gross. But most everything else they have is worth a try. 

Don't bother coming if you don't work nearby. Its good for the office folk but not worth the hassle and drive if it is not by your place of business.
Meh...I kinda don't understand how this place got such a high review average. 
The food is mediocre, at best. It's definitely overpriced for what you get. 
The workers there kind of have a "whatever" type attitude. 
I know I ordered a sandwich as a combo. I noticed after the fact that with the combo you get your choice of side. She didn't even ask me what I wanted so I walked back up to the counter to tell her which side I wanted. When my food was ready (stupid me) I didn't check it until after I got back to work and saw the side which I was supposed to get wasn't there. So I paid almost $12 for a small drink and a bland sandwich. Awesome. And I wasn't going to go back just for the side. I'll just write if off as a reason to not go back.
With an aptly named title and the goods to justify the name, Gourmet pasta is a great way to spend your hard earned lunch budget.  Sprawled out behind the glass counter lies some delicious ribbons of fresh tagliatelle, stuffed aubergines, and variations of Risotto (of which I had the superb tomato and basil flavour).  Pasta to take out is usually served in a convenient plastic container and if your feeling tempted, grab a peroni or two from the fridge to swill it all down with.  Students can expect a 10% discount and tomato sauce smudged around their chops as the result of a decent lunch , lovely stuff!
Homemade pasta... homemade sauces... fresh, tasty and great value for money. And did I mention delicious?

There is another branch in the North Bridge Arcade, but the one in Morningside is the original one. The idea is fairly simple; they make all their own pasta from scratch, use it to create gorgeous pasta dishes, and then either serve them up in their restuarant or delivier to your house/business. It's true what they say, the simplest ideas are usually the best.

They stock businesses like Tigerlily, Howies and the various Hilton hotels in Edinburgh, which gives you an idea of how well-made their stuff is. I wandered into their caf one sunday afternoon whilst wandering through Brunstfield (until we got a bit carried away and ended up down in Morningside), and as far as carb-fests go this is definitely the place.

My personal recommendation? The feta and rocket ravioli. Although it's too hard just to choose one; i tried some of my flatmate's spinach-infused tagliatelle and that was amazing too. Maybe I need to go back and eat here again to try and finalise my decision...
I think they laced my tagliatelle with something the first time I visited, I haven't been to stop coming back.

I'd never thought I'd waste my hard earned pay on something so trivial and be very happy in the process. I've missed out on holidays because of this place.

Like the other reviewers said, it's freshly made so you don't get any of the starchy, gooey coating. It's cheap considering their clients, to feed two people you're looking at about 5. I suppose it is just pasta, but you haven't tried it like this before.
The great thing about this place is that it's brilliantly cheap, considering the quality and variety of tasty Italian food on offer, with homemade pasta being the top marks ware for sale here, which I suppose you would maybe have an inkling about, what with the clue giving sign above the shop.

When I lived in this area, and whenever I'm in the Morningside area now, I quite regularly pop in here to get a tasty pot of something authentically yummy to take away, or to eat that second for my lunch/mid-afternoon snack/brunch/whatever, seeing as I do tend to eat at random times of the day. Lasagne, canelloni, ravioli, and many other popular Italian dishes are all made and prepared for ready and thrifty take away and consumption, plus there are other high quality, Italian, deli type ingredients for sale. There are also some fantastic looking desserts, which so far I've managed to resist, but which might not be so lucky the next time.
When it comes to Italian food, i think pasta gets a bit of a raw deal. Everybody always goes for Pizza - so its the personal mission it appears, of Gormet Pasta to adress this problem.

Fresh, home made pasta with a lot of fresh, home made sauces and all made from fresh, local produce served by some very friendly staff. Delicious and excellent. What makes it even better are the prices - a decent sized pasta and a bottle of beer will set you back around 6. A good little deal if you ask me.
As you will guess by its name, Gourmet Pasta doesn't just specialise in Italian food, but in pasta alone and this could be where the secret of its success lies.  The menu is extensive and it always takes me at least ten minutes to decide which dish to try as they all look, sound and smell amazing.  They serve the usual carbonara, bolognese and lasagne, but also lesser known and more original sauces like roasted red pepper and tomato and a special anchovy and chilli spaghetti.  
What's more is that all the pasta is completely fresh and made to order.  This, combined with the fresh ingredients used in the sauces, makes each dish taste all the better.  Further, the service is quick and welcoming, depite it getting quite busy around lunch and dinner time.  The icing on the cake is that it's incredibly cheap for the quality of the food.  Most of the dishes are sold at under 5 and the portions are far from stingy.  
I honestly cannot fault this place from any perspective and urge anyone with an interest in a cheap, tasty dinner to visit it soon.
I was so looking forward to trying out gourmet pasta- it seemed like such an authentic place. The guys who work here are absolutely lovely- Italian and it was great seeing some Mediterranean folk.

However, with regards to the food I was quite disappointed. We got take out as my boyfriend lives almost upstairs from the place. We tried their moussaka and another dish which name I can't recall. 

The price on the food is per 100grams not per piece so expect to pay a bit more for a decent meal. It was lacking herbs. Granted I am spoilt with regards to Mediterranean food, having lived in Greece and Italy all my life so perhaps I am asking a bit too much for a place in Scotland- compared to other  local places this place is much more than average. 

Having had this little rant, I would really like to return to this place and try again, perhaps ask for the house special this time. Watch this space for an update.
Morningside is slowly winning me over, and Gourmet Pasta is definitely one of the reasons why. Firstly I've got to say I never expected the Italian influence to be so prominent in Edinburgh; this has to be, at the very least, the twentieth "Italiano" outfit I've come across. 

From the outside, it looks like any other deli and I have to say the food they stock is extremely authentic Italian...I hardly noticed an attempt to even try and seem healthy! Dried pastas and olive oils looked imported all the way from Italy, and the cold food section was brimming with pies, cold cuts, and all sorts of ready made pasta dishes. They also serve hot meals to eat-in and to the left of the food counter is a little surprise: a well hidden eating area! However, it's really quite small, and although it was empty during my visit, I wouldn't bet on getting a seat there for dinner. Pizza and pasta quite typically form the bulk of the menu. 

As if this wasn't enough, they even make cakes to order... not just any cakes either, but the gourmet stuff, naturally. When I took a look at the list, and I wondered if it'd be a little hedonistic to order oneself a whole Italian Blackforest Gateaux!

This store, still owned by Italians of course, has been open for a mind-boggling fifteen years, and they seem to have paid homage to the Scots with a Haggis ravioli (I did a double take) which I actually recommend! I'm not a fan of haggis, but in this form, i'll take it.
Gourmet Pasta in Bruntsfield Place, Morningside is a fabulous Italian restaurant. 

Here they make their own pasta and produce authentic and tasty dishes. They produce a whole range of pastas including tagliatelle, ravioli's and lasagnas. Gourmet Pasta also make flavoured pastas such as tomato and spinach which are particularly delicious. 

I went to Gourmet Pasta for the first time several months ago for my lunch with my friend when we were out shopping and I ordered the lasagna which was probably the best lasagna I had ever tasted, it was truly gorgeous. My friend had the spinach ravioli which smelt delicious and she adored it. They use very fresh ingredients in their dishes and so the meals are always bursting full of flavour.  The staff in Gourmet Pasta were very warm and inviting and their service were very prompt and efficient. 

Gourmet Pasta now also do takeaways and home deliveries which is incredibly handy if you fancy a tasty Italian dish without having to leave your home!
The 3.80 'Panini, Soup and Fruit' deal has been a consistent staple of my lunch breaks over the past academic year. Neatly presented in a pleasant paper bag and with the freedom to eat the contents in the Blind Poet (directly opposite) I've always been satisfied by Good 2 Go's offerings. 

Lunchtimes frequently result in a congested queue inside its somewhat cramped interior so its a good idea to get there early and take advantage of the Blind Poet's larger eating space. Speaking to the owner I was informed that they now do a BBQ service between 12pm-8pm at weekends in the (also opposite) Pear Tree court yard, of course this service is dependent on Scotland providing us some beaming sunshine (sigh...).
Being owned by the same people who own the Blind Poet and the Peartree House has its advantages - Good 2 Go is the only one of the many sandwich shops on West Nicholson Street that is allowed on the premises of these two great pubs - and that unique selling point has its advantages. On a sunny day, nothing is better than sitting in the beer garden with a really nice paninni and a beer. Great.

So yeah, the food here is very nice - and cheap too, with the many deals that are offered giving you option such as soup and a paninni for around 4, great value. There is also a large choice of food for you to select from, and its all fresh, which is a bonus.

On the downside, the shop is very small, so queues build up easliy, and its often slow to get service even on quieter days.

Still, this place offers a great selection of foods, and the choice to take it into the two pubs across the road is excellent.
One of the many sandwich shops on this street which has the advantage of being the only shop from which you can take your tasty treat into the opposite Blind Poet and Peartree pubs to eat. Why these two pubs don't just make the sandwiches themselves beats me, but Good 2 go usually has a very good lunch deal of panini, soup and fruit for just under 4 pounds making it an ideal spot to head for lunch. 
The sandwiches I have had here are fresh and their is a satisfying choice of fillings well. 

Lunch= sorted.
Good 2 Go offers a filling and tasty lunch for a more than reasonable price.  I often come here after classes in the nearby George Square for a great meal in the place or on the go.  As they let you know inside, they also own the Peartree and The Blind Poet, so anything you buy can simply be taken across the road.  I've never gone for this option, but it would certainly be tempting to take a nice panini across to the Peartree's beer garden on a hot day.
I usually go for a cajun chicken, salad and mayonnaise panini which, along with a banana and a can of juice, costs only 3.80 - a great deal.  All their paninis and sandwiches are a good size and the bread which they use is top quality.  I recommend Good 2 Go any day for filling, tasty and cheap lunch.
The steak baguettes here are great for lunch. Around 3 and with your own choice of a freshly baked bread rolls the Italian Deli offers a neat personal touch to your lunch. As with most deli's, soups and small portions of pasta are available too. All of which as cheap and reliably tasty. 

With many other similar Deli's around the University of Edinburgh campus the competition is high and you'll likely find a cheaper deal. Nonetheless Italian Deli is always there for a tasty lunch.
I've somehow always known Deli Italia was always there but somehow failed to acknowledge its existence. I've walked past a million times but never really taken it on board. It's a bit like ghosts in the film the sixth sense....

Anyway my yelp senses finally forced me to accept Deli Italia's existence and give it a shot.

Delia Italia offers Mediterranean style meals as well as a selection of sandwiches, baguettes, snacks etc. I love Italian food (in small doses) so this deli really is my cup of tea. Unfortunately compared to the many other deli and sandwich shops nearby, Deli Italia can be a bit pricey for what you get. Though the quality is not bad by any means. When I first went in I tried one of their wee pasta dishes they serve which was pretty tasty, but again not as filling as the jam packed (sometimes literally) sandwiches I could get from down the road.

Not a bad deli and worth trying if you're lunching in the area. I may just need to pop in again and try some more.
At last... somwhere to get lunch on the go that doesn't come in a wrap! Whilst most pasta bozes you buy to eat on the go contian more mayonnaise than anything else, Deli Italia dishes up decent portions of homemade pasta dishes freshly made that day.

Although they do have the obligatory stool and window counter for you to perch at if you aren't in a hurry or, as is usually the case in Edinburgh it's raining/sleeting/snowing, it's very much a grab-and-go sort of caf. If they have their cheesey pasta bake available when you're next in, I'd highly recommend it.

They also do the usual thins like sandwiches and baked potatoes, but you can get those anywhere. Although prices here are slightly steeper than other places, the food is worth it. The service is also really friendly too, and you can tell that they genuinely care about what you're about to eat rather than just how much you're puttig in their till.
Went to Gary Canter's Deli for lunch with my wife and friends from California.  The deli is located between the Race & Sports Book  and the Poker Room.  It's kind of hard to find if you don't know where you're going.

I had the Gary Canter Special, which was a huge sandwich with Pastrami, Corned Beef, Turkey, Honey Ham, Muenster Cheese on Rye Bread.  My wife had the 1/2 Corned Beef Sandwich with cup of Matzo Ball Soup.  Both came with a side order of fries.  The sandwiches were ok, not great.

My sandwich had a ton of meat on it.  I don't really like it when the meat is piled too high.  It tasted good but it didn't blow me away and leave me wanting more.  The fries were not good at all.  They tasted a bit stale and cardboard-ish.....no real flavor to them.  We tried to get chips instead of the fries but were told it would be an additional $2 for chips...what?  For a small 4 oz bag of Lay's?  Fuggetta 'bout it!

My wife enjoyed her cup of Matzo Ball Soup....again, not blown away.

Because this place is located in a casino, their prices are pretty high.  My sandwich was $13.99 and the 1/2 sandwich & cup of soup was $9.99.  Kind of high for so/so food.  Good thing my friends were paying for lunch....otherwise I would have been upset.

Will I return?  Probably not....unless I was starving and my friends paid for the meal.
Tucked away in the Mandalay Bay sports book area, I was looking for a bite to eat while getting ready to watch a World Cup game at the sports book. We all know how most casino dining establishments are pretty ridiculously overpriced, so I was looking for something cheaper. With sandwiches starting at around $9, this place definitely fit my bill. I ended up ordering the Gary Canter's special, which is stacked with 4 types of meats and 2 types of cheeses on rye bread and includes fries. Let me just tell you this thing is a monster. It's definitely big enough to feed 2 people. Not only was it humongous, but it was delish as well. Definitely recommended. I'm definitely glad I stumbled on this place and would highly recommend it as a cheap eat (relatively in Vegas) if you're in Mandalay. They do to-go's also, so it's a good option if you just want something to take back to your room.
Ditto to Tom J's response.  Just the best!
This was a great place to stop off for a quick bite to eat. The portion sizes were good and the prices reasonable. The ice cream was rich and creamy. Their fries are good and crunchy. I would eat here again.
Wraps seem to be the new sandwich amongst the many deli's scattered around Edinburgh, and in this respect, Salt 'n' Pepper successfully propagate this new trend.

They do a subtly spicy chicken tikka wrap that left me tempted to order an other, alongside a number of other tasty fillings.

Prices are average and service was rapid, a fair choice if your milling around George IV bridge.
Along with the surge of satisfaction that comes with a solid, healthy bowel movement, the feeling of being pleasantly surprised has to be one of life's greatest joys. Salt 'n' Pepper is a sandwich bar that provides such an experience.

It looks bog standard from the outside, but the wraps here are far removed from the tasteless pre-packed chicken ceasar dullness you'll find in the big chains. Huge, loaded with filling and given a couple of minutes on the grill, they are from the very top drawer.

I went for a chicken tikka option with a bit of chilli sauce. I quite literally could not believe how bloody good it tasted. It was almost too good, and I actually felt quite a pang of sadness when it was finished. It really was utterly tremendous, and I'll be back next week.
If you're familiar with my reviews, you'll know I like a goo sandiwich. And I like Salt n Pepper.

As has been outlined before me, it doesn't look like much from the outside. As my mum used to tell me, never judge a book by its over - never has a truer word been spoken!

The staff are lovely here, really nice and happy. It makes a difference when they're happy, doesn't it?! 

As for the food - yum. Ok, it's not the most amazing food I've ever eaten, but it's certainly up there. It's a lot  better than your bog-standard sandwich place, it must be said.
Lunch places, and the places you jump in for a sandwhich to eat on the train, can be incredibly hit or miss. Well, this place couldn't be more centre in the bulleye.

I popped in today for something to fill that hole between lunch and dinner (it is usually quite a big hole) and I was not disapointed. Decided to choose the falafel wrap - something my carnizerous side gave into last summer - and boy did it satisfy. The falafel was delishious and the cucumber and chili sauce was the perfect addition. 

The woman that works there and I imagine owns the place too was very nice and attentive. Thumbs up all round and the price added to that! 3.25 for a crackin lunch!
Salt 'n' Pepper is an amazing place to visit for a healthy and delicious lunch any day of the week.  The shop has a freidnly, relaxing feel to it and you can either sit in or take you food away to enjoy it. 

As it's located on George IV Bridge it's ideal for grabbing something quick and easy on the go.  They have a huge range of sandwich fillings, all of which are fresh and many are locally sourced.  There's smoked meats, cheeses, fresh salad and an extensive selection of sauce to choose from.

I usually go for a turkey wrap with cheese, salad and mayonnaise which costs about 2.90, tastes amazing and is the perfect size for a filling lunch.
This place just opened a few weeks ago. I quickly discovered it because it is at the Basic/Water intersection, which is where the Nevada State College School of Education (of which I am a student) is located. 

Essentially, Daisy's is a New York-style deli, and the place has a real "family" feel going on. The menu is far larger and more diverse than you would expect from a deli - I have seen actual dine-in restaurants with smaller menus! 

The decor in the restaurant is well-chosen. Like many New York-style delis, there are posters of musicians and movie stars lining the walls. It isn't a huge dining area in the restaurant, though I have never seen it so jam-packed that this is a problem. 

The hours seem to be a little questionable. I was at NSC for class a few Saturdays ago, and the place seemed to be dead - clearly not open because the hours sign on the door stated Mon-Fri only. But when I was there for class yesterday, even though the sign said the same thing, the place was clearly opened. If they have officially expanded their hours to include Saturday, then more power to them. 

The food itself is very good, as are their beverage choices. My only real complaint on this front is that they have "bottled" drinks only, rather than fountain drinks - meaning no free refills. Fortunately, what they do have is excellent - I actually found a brand of cream soda I had never heard of - and how many dining establishments do you know of that actually carry cream soda? 

At the end of the day, this place is great, and convenient as well. The food and atmosphere are top-notch, and it is conveniently located in the downtown Henderson area. Highest recommendations!
Patronized Daisy's for lunch.  Wanted to do some laptop work on my lunch break.

I walked in and looked around.  I wasn't greeted by anyone.  I noticed people ordering at the counter.  There was no menu posted so I grabbed a menu off the counter and sat down to look it over.

The menu is large.  I was surprised by how many options they had.  I decided on a roast beef panini.  I went back up and stood at the counter for a few minutes and waited while the one girl working served a bunch of food orders.  She said nothing. For example, "I'll be right with you," may have been nice.  When she finally finished, she came to take my order and apologized for the wait.  Ok, back to a clean slate.

I ordered my sandwich as a combo with fries and a drink.  $8.64.  You can choose from about 6 different side items...fries, tots, coleslaw and so on.  I asked for some modifications and they were very accomodating.  I asked for a side of ranch too.  

I sat and waited, about 20 minutes....a long time for a sammy!  The people who ordered after me got their food...I kept waiting.  I got my sandwich, no ranch.  I asked her for the ranch, again.  The portion was huge.  I could only eat about half the fries.  Fries were ok.  Sandwich was good.  not enough meat.  I don't need a carnegie deli portion of beef or anything but I had about an inch of bread with no filling on the end of my sandwich.  I went to the counter to ask for the ranch again...third time is the charm!  The sandwich was nice and crispy on the outside.  The beef was stringy/chewy and diffcult to eat without pulling all of the insides out of my sandwich.  The girl came by to check on me twice.  That was nice.

The place is cute.  I would give them another try.  Good lunch for $8.  A little slow, and certainly not spectacular.  Plenty of choices.
I've gone here before to sit down and eat and the food was great. I guess that's because they had to watch me eat it. Yesterday, I ordered medium hot chicken fingers. They looked extremely old. They were NOT hot, they were mild. The vegetables were old and spoiled. I wish I would have looked at the food before I left the place because I would have said something. This is ridiculous. Gross place. NASTY!
Like Stephanie, I received one of these amazing goody bags!! I was amazed at the quality of products so I decided to pop along and check this place out!
I wasn't disappointed, it's a lovely little cafe, really organic-feeling and has a lovely atmosphere. I sat and had a coffee here and watched the world go by. Unlike most chain stores, I didn't feel under any pressure and wasn't hassles every few minutes. It was lovely!!
To be honest, this isn't really a shop you come in for a cheap spot of lunch and a quick snack in order to satisfy a grumbling stomach - it's a shop you come to if you are after that something that is a little bit special, something with a touch of uniqueness to it.  

You see the goods sold here are something special - from lovingly made jams to brownies that will make your heart melt in anticipation made just perfect so you can enjoy them as much as possible.  However, as always when you find something that good and a cut above the rest there is a catch.  Unless you are buying a few items from here as a one off, say a gift or a treat, then unless you are loaded and able to spend your money as if it really did grow on trees then you won't be able to come here very often, simply because you won't be able to afford it.  That said, this shop is very good at what it does.
Despite all the many cafes and pubs on the Royal Mile, I actually find it hard to decide where to eat nearby. It's really difficult to find a compromise between quality and value and for money. Well I recommend The Edinburgh Larder, just off from the Royal Mile.

Now this "delicatessen, cafe, gallery" isn't cheap, but I do think it's value for money. As some of the other reviewers have mentioned, this place is known as a delicatessen, selling quality local produce but "inspired by the continent". It's basically got a wide selection of meats and cheeses. Whilst impressive looking, that really isn't for me, but I did appreciate the cafe. First and foremost this place struck me as a great place for vegetarians. It isn't always easy to find veggie options in a sandwich place and when you do its usually boring egg or plain cheese. The Edinburgh Larder though has a great range of creative vegetarian (and vegan) sandwiches. Actually most of the sandwiches are vegetarian. It isn't the cheapest, and expect to pay 4 or 5, but they sure taste nice. They also offer soup, salads, and cakes.

There didn't seem to be much of a gallery when I visited, but according to the staff this has yet to get up and rolling. I look forward to it!
A fabulous addition to the Old Town, The Edinburgh Larder is an independent cafe and deli that opened in late 2009. Whilst the space is small compared to established businesses like Valvona & Crolla it's clearly a labour of love with all the products produced and sourced from farmers and food makers around Scotland.

There's smoked salmon and fish from Belhaven, Rannoch and Deeside Smokehouses, cheese from Stichills, Devenick, Connage Highland and Dunlop Dairies, meat from Great Glen and Peelham Farm, fruit and veg from Belhaven and Phantassie farms, ice cream from Cream of Galloway, wine from Friarwood and beer from Traquair House, Falkirk Tryst and Cairngorm breweries. They also sell tasty home-made jams and chutneys and coffee from Artisan Roast. Prices are slightly higher than other cafes in the area but the produce is clearly good quality and from artisan producers.

I was hoping to try one of EL's quiches or veggie platters but unfortunately, the cafe was too busy the afternoon I visited and I had to settle with taking away small slices of goats cheese and oak smoked Devenick. Both were so creamy and moreish, I will definitely be returning to sample one of the business's cheese boards!
Effectively a permanent farmer's market, you can tell the quality of the food at the Edinburgh Larder is going to be top-notch even before you step inside. With a lot of organic and veggie options, the whimsical feel of the place is sometimes a bit much for me, but having picked up some of the most tremendous smoked mackerel known to man on a visit here, I'm prepared to overlook that one.

It's an excellent lunch spot, but given my grumpy and argumentative demeanour I prefer to lunch alone, and for reasons I can't quite work out solitary dining feels just that bit too awkward in here, even with a paper.
I love the Edinburgh Larder! My husband and I went there twice in our short (2.5 days) trip to Edinburgh. 

Not wanting to eat breakfast at our hotel again, I looked on yelp to find a place close to the hotel. The Edinburgh Larder was just around the corner, so off we went.

The place is small but very charming and with a nice-sized menu. For breakfast, I had the Scottish breakfast tea and scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. My husband had a bacon sandwich. Both of us were extremely pleased with the taste and quality of the food. On our way out, we picked up some honey, whiskey jam and gluten-free shortbread biscuits. The biscuits were for me, and I immediately ate one. It was definitely one of the best gluten-free cookies I've had so far, and it melted in my mouth, just like shortbread is supposed to. The honey and jam were for our parents, so I haven't tried them yet, but I'm sure they are as delicious as they look.

When we came back for lunch, I had the lamb burger. Delicious! Moist and juicy, very well seasoned. My husband also enjoyed his sandwich, but I was too busy eating my lamb to notice what he was eating. 

We had good food on our trip, but the two meals we ate here were some of the best. I can't wait to return to Scotland for many reasons, but I'm definitely eating here when I do return.
Myself and my boyfriend visited this for breakfast in November. It was pretty quiet and it's a lovely looking place inside.

In the end we settled on some sausages on their wholemeal rolls with tea and a coke. The coke was an organic variety which my partner didn't enjoy but that's not the larder's fault - just letting you know there's none of the traditional coca cola in this place. My tea was fab and there was quite a few cups out of the pot.

Now on to the average part. We were the only people who ordered hot food at this point and it took between 10-15 mins for the sausages. They were good and the rolls were very high quality. Don't understand what took so long though.

The cost for 2 rolls and sausage, tea and a coke was 11. I'm afraid I didn't think it was worth this. Although the slow service didn't help. I doubt I'll be back but the food was good. Just not good enough for the money.
One of my favourite places to go for lunch when Im at work. Only ever ordered the homemade soup and half sandwich deal which is 5 odd but the ingredients are always fresh and at a high standard, The soup and sandwhich always fill me up so I would recommend it. The staff are very friendly and quirky which is also a selling point.
I wouldnt be able to afford to go there every day for lunch but it's a good treat once in a while.
It was just by lucky coincidence that i was staying directly opposite Edinburgh Larder during my stay. And what a find! the food was wonderful, delicious and very fresh. I went for the traditional Scottish breakfast with a pot of Scottish breakfast tea and a Delicious chocolate brownie. Next time in Edinburgh, i'll be popping in again.
Simply put, this place is great.
 
Local ingredients of the highest quality.

Amazing local treats...  salmon/ smoked fish, cheeses, sausages/ charcuterie, chutneys..
A+ breads.. OAT CAKES.. (organic) local salads.. Quiche.. pies.. fresh as can be..

Beautiful tea's.. as well as cakes and sweets..

Cosy, cool setting without having to be "hip"..  and great people..

I could eat here everyday.

You should eat here at least once.

One of my favorite lunches in the world.. and perfect packing for a summer picnic.

It's a true gem.
The Edinburgh Larder prides itself on stocking quality local (Scottish) deli produce: cheese, chutney, jams, pickles, oils, beer, wines, sprits, fizz, oat cakes, salami, smoked chicken, hot smoked salmon, tablet, honey, biscuits  and that is just scratching the surface of what they have to offer.
But the Edinburgh Larder isn't just a deli, its a cafe and a restaurant (with Eteaket Tea and Artisan Roast coffe). Located on Blackfriars Street (just off the Royal Mile) it is perfectly placed for tourists and workers in the east end of town, and if you find yourself nearby I definitely recommend stopping in for a freshly prepared sandwich or home made soup  so get yourself there and taste what Scotland growers and farmers have to offer!
I didn't even know this place existed until a recent Qype beer (Stewarts), cheese and chutney tasting evening. The staff are knowledgeable about their stock, and matched the cheese and chutney with a Stewarts beer for a very tasty experience. The Applewood smoked cheddar was divine, and the fresh chutney, and spicy pumpkin (yes, pumpkin!) chutney, were a revelation! Now that I have discovered this wee gem, I will be back time and time again.
Edinburgh Larder can be booked for private functions, and also run a number of events  Nordic dinners, foraging courses, and allotment BBQ's all of which sound delicious and interesting!
A very quaint and cosy little place located a stones throw from the Royal Mile. Attending my first Qype event at the Edinburgh Larder I would recommend anyone in the area to swing by for a tasty lunch time treat. 

You can expect to find a wide variety of cheeses and home made chutney, as well as beer and other alcohols on offer too. A personal favourite cheese of mine at the event being the very tasty smoked applewood cheese. I will need to stop by in the near future to sample this again for sure!

The staff really seem to know their stuff and are happy to help with any questions you may have about their products. Overall a little hidden gem that will have to be visited again!
Excellent!  This little cafe is only failing in that it isn't bigger and away from the crowds.  It has lovely food, and hard to find products.  One needs to secure a table to enjoy the great tastes.  They have great sandwich deals, salads, soups, and authentic local/Scottish products.
Despite the raving reviews this place got on Yelp, I can't say that I was impressed with my experience there. 

This afternoon I decided to pop by the Larder and, I must admit, my expectations were high. Inside it was lovely, but nearly empty (hey, more room for me!). However, I was greated by the waitress in a very indifferent manner, I kinda felt as if I was disturbing her cleaning/packaging routine.

The service was kind of lackadasical but I didn't mind much anticipating great food. Well, that's where I was very disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the food was okay (no hairs in it, no dust on it), kind of. It just wasn't great. I had the pumpkin and goatcheese fritata which came with salad on the side. The fritata was ... well, ... bland really. There is no other word for it. The "salad" on the side was dressed with olive oil, that's it. No vinegar, nothing, just olive oil.

The food wasn't horrible, it was just a severe case of "I could do this ten times better at home". What annoyed me was that the plate looked as if someone had spent a great deal of time thinking of what would look pretty, but forgot to actually taste the food for seasoning and flavour.

All in all, I wouldn't go here again. It's pricey, and the food was bland to me. (Oh, and did I mention that my fritata was only warmed half-way through? The other side was still cold as it had just come out of the fridge!). Eek!

I'd give this a miss, or I just caught them on a really, really bad day!
Many many moon agos we went here with a voucher for cake and tea for two. We ended up getting two orders of pork pie and a soup and half a sandwich on top of the tea and cake!

All the food was fantastic (hence two orders or pork pie), if the portions not overly large.

Great tea menu and a lot of their stuff is made on site and sourced locally.

I would happily return!!

Review with photos on my blog which can be found on my profile. 

Happy Eating!
coffee is cracking! using artisan roast, fitting with their ethic of using local providers, the flat white i tried was marvelous. rich, soft, robust, round, delicious. perfect temperature, perfect cup size. edinburgh larder is spot on and all foodies (and coffee lovers) will find joy here :)
I had a great afternoon tea here recently!  Perhaps the nicest scone I've consumed in quite a while, a very tasty sandwich (venison salami), a pleasant brownie, and a pot of tea, all for a reasonable price.  The place is cozy and clean and I'm already planning to go back again as soon as possible.
Big hot latte, a date and walnut scone warmed through in an oven (not a micro) and a dollop of clotted cream and homemade strawberry jam.  Add to that a very happy pregnant lady serving with smiles all round and you've got the perfect recipe for a mid morning 'fly cuppa'. Little bit crowded but great none-the-less.
Will be coming back this way again!..........hope she was with child and I haven't made another classic Al faux pas.
Lovely hole-in-the-wall cafe with a family feel and great food.

Eat in and have cous cous and salad with your sandwich. Coffee was very well-made, and despite the busy atmosphere, the service was great.

Lots of goodies on sale: I walked out with a slab of blueberry white chocolate!
Was just the most perfect arrival food after a three-leg Trans-Atlantic flight. Had a simple soup and sandwich and couldn't have been happier. 

Also, there's an open wifi network nearby. Bonus.
The soup is great, their sandwiches are excellent, and the place fills you with a sense of innate wholesome goodness. It's really good place!

Overall, we said: "it's fair to say that I was rather pleased with my visit to the Edinburgh Larder. They've recently opened a bistro on Alva Street, and I've been promising to visit. This experience will certainly serve to accelerate my plans, as I can think of few places in town that serve such high quality fare, particularly at the very reasonable prices they charge. I'd recommend you pay the place a visit at your earliest convenience. There's a good chance you'll find me there, too, as now that I've finally found it, I suspect I'll be a frequent visitor."
I found this place during a massive rain storm.  We stumbled in wet and with twins and the owner and worker were more than inviting.  I had a half bree, tomato and basil sandwich with a cup of a vegetable soup.  My wife had a lamb pot pie that was amazing.  We also ordered tea and shared a scone with cream and jam.  It was one of the better experiences we had in Edinburgh and it really felt homey inside.  This is a great break for something and warm when you are filled to the brim with haggis, fish and chips and everything else deep fried.  Highly recommend this place for lunch or breakfast when you are in Scotland.
I don't write reviews much but this one is worth writing about so others can enjoy this place as well. My wife happened on this cozy place on her way to Dovecot Tapestry Studio (worth a look as well if you are visiting Edinburgh). This cafe/deli highlights authentic, local foods in a very casual, friendly atmosphere. The breads on offer are the tastiest I've had ever and do try the traditional Scottish breakfast with the "black pudding" (a kind of blood sausage if you are unfamiliar) which is very good on it's own as well.
I needed a pick-me-up after my train journey through to Edinburgh, and The Edinburgh Larder was on the way to where I was headed. It is just off the Royal Mile which meant it was filled with locals rather than tourists. The food is beautifully displayed in a glass cabinet and it was hard to resist buying something to eat. I just had a cup of green tea and enjoyed the relaxing, friendly atmosphere. I also noticed they had a nice selection of local treats like honey and oatcakes to purchase.
Had high hopes for my first (overdue?) visit but feel a wee bit let down, the tea was OK the milk was served in espresso cups which dribbled everywhere, the cups were none too clean and the whole place looked un-cared for, the staff paid us almost no heed. The product may be ultra responsble chic but the delivery needs attention.
Pas mal pour un petit dj. Les ufs brouills au bacon tout  fait correct,  le personnel aux petits soins ( un peu trop?) le saumon bon aussi.
Les ongles pas trs propres du serveur par contre, moyen..
Cute place, cute staff, cute food.

CUTE.

To the staff: seriously you guys, call me.
We ran across this place, just off the Royal Mile.  Very cute.  Truly local sourcing.  Much better than the tourist traps on the main street.  Good vegetarian options.
We happened to be staying right near this place and decided to drop in for Sunday breakfast and loved it. The decor is countryish and simple the service is friendly and accomodating and the choice of items on the menu good. I love that fact that a lot of their ingredients are locally sources from Scotland and they have a nice choice of breakfast and lunch items.

It was getting really busy shortly after we walked in and they turned away quite a few people and this was before 10am in the morning. That would suggest this place is extremely popular with locals and I can understand why.

I had the french toast for breakfast and it was excellent. I wish they served some maple syrup with it instead of the fruit compote but that wont stop me from ordering this dish again. The coffee was good and i also tasted the vegetarian Haggis which was excellent.

I would drop in here regularly if I lived in town :-))
Great sandwiches ! I got the goat cheese with pickled beet and added (for just a bit more) some chicken !! Soo delicious! Then I had a slice of a lovely apple and cinnamon cake! I could have another slice now ! Umm so good !
I had breakfast in the Edinburgh Larder as I left the house with a rush, and no coffee :(

The staff were so friendly and welcoming.  A new waitress was learning the tricks as it was her first day and she was nervous, but she did a great job.

I had a cappuccino and toast with jam. Now, I never have toast with jam for some reason, so I thought why not have it  now, for a change. Two large slices of toasted granary bread arrived with a little pot of butter and a tiny cute little pot of jam, which, considering its minute proportions, was only half filled. I thought it was a bit odd. Not that I could have asked for more jam, but still.

Lovely place, lovely people and nice food. Great stop over for coffee or lunch.
Had lunch here after checking into our hostel while staying in Edinburgh. The food was delicious. I had a haggis and steak pasty which was amazing. Great little place. Would go back if I were ever in town again.
This was my favorite meal when I went to Edinburgh! I got the veggie breakfast which was veggie haggis, a sunny-side up egg, some delicious bean thing, toast, and possibly other things I'm not recalling. So good! My friend wasn't too hungry so she just got a biscuit, but she said that was really good. The staff were very nice and the place is small and charming. I will be going back if I'm ever in Edinburgh again.
They absolutely know what they're doing here. The whole place feels warm and wholesome, and the food seems pretty good for you too. In fact, I uploaded a pic to Yelp of one of the counters and intended to caption in "counter of yumness" but it autocorrected to "counter of thinness"... Realising the counter was laden with fruits and salads, I didn't bother changing it back...

I came here for lunch with the lovely Candace B because I'd heard they were pretty good with the whole gluten free thing. I asked what the GF options were on her behalf and was amazed to sit there for no small length of time while our delightful waiter excitably rattled off all the choices. When I came to order my sandwich a little later, he remembered I'd asked and explained with kind concern that the sourdough wasn't GF, whereon I explained that I'd been asking for my companion.

The sandwich - chicken with herby mayo - was lovely, although it needed a bit of salt and our salt cellar didn't want to play. That latter bit wasn't really their fault; more likely it was the fault of people who, like me, are too timid to say "excuse me, this salt cellar is empty"... The sandwich also came with a gorgeous beet root and spelt salad, which was really filling. I loved it.

The staff couldn't have been more cheery and helpful, a real joy, and a great clientele there too, judging by the young man sitting by the door with a Monkey Island game on the chair beside him. "My cat is called Guybrush, sir," I told him, and sailed out the door without another word, feeling awesome and well fed.
This teeny gem offers local food assembled daily, so that their menu of salads and soups rotates based on what is available. I had the chickpea curry, served with fresh sour cream and some greens, and it had my attention. You know sometimes curries hide behind their spiciness, well this was all flavor. The waiter was super cute and shy, which made him absolutely adorable. 
It was packed with people waiting- for some reason they stuffed themselves inside like their need to be filled was overflowing into a filling of something else. It made the atmosphere slightly rushed if not just claustrophobic, though I support people eating, it just made my meal measurably less satisfying. However, because it is so cute, and the people were all nice, no deduction.
We stopped in for a sandwich after reading the menu. Not only did we love our choices (chicken/herb mayo and smoked chicken/chutney and brownie for dessert) but we loved the experience. The staff were super friendly and seemed to really enjoy working here. You don't often see that. We highly recommend this cafe!
Just delicious. We dropped in here after a hike to Arthur's seat, and it was so nice to get in somewhere warm and cosy! Love their half soup / half sandwich combo. I also tried their chicken and leek pasty - yum, with an amazing side salad.
If Yelp was all about one word reviews, I'd have to go with 'Quality' when it comes to Edinburgh Larder. Thankfully it isn't so i'll continue...

It's a very unassuming and unpretentious place. With a rustic, almost 'greasy spoon' feel inside but that's where the similarities with 'greasy spoons' end.

The menu offers great variety without overwhelming you with choice (which is a good thing, also with take away options) There's a bias for regional, fresh, quality ingredients; something they're very dedicated to. Exactly what I love best. 

It focuses on breakfast/brunch/lunch with options ranging from toast, granola and porridge to salads, soups, sandwiches and deli assortments. The passion invested in the food they serve is obvious; chicken from Gartmorn Farm, fresh artisan bread (including GF options) charcuterie from the brilliant Peelham Farm, homemade preserves, chutneys and a well selected range of craft beers from around Scotland. Even hanging a produce map of Scotland on the wall.

Overall there is little to fault. It's a compact place, maybe even a bit cramped when busy but you don't begrudge that when the food is this good. There's really not many places in town that do lunch as well as Edinburgh Larder Cafe.
My friend and I were staying on Blackfriars St. and, after a long day of traveling, were looking for food before exploring Edinburgh. From the outside looks of the Edinburgh Larder, it seemed like a quaint and authentic place to eat, so we decided to give it a try for late lunch/early dinner. As soon as we walked inside, each of the employees not only greeted us with a huge smile but seemed genuinely interested in where we were traveling from, giving us advice on where to visit during our time in Edinburgh. They were the epitome of hospitable and friendly to us and all the other customers, so the service was phenomenal. Nay, it was incomparable, and really set the bar high for the rest of our UK interactions. 

Now, as for the food, my friend and I went straight for their cheese plates with pumpkin chutney and oatcakes. The Thistly Cross cider was also highly recommended, so we turned this late lunch/early dinner into an all-out feast. The food is sourced from all over Scotland, and I can't speak highly enough about the quality. The staff is so knowledgeable about what they're serving and how they're preparing it that, well, I wish I could eat there every day (which my friend and I did while we were in Edinburgh). Also, Thistly Cross is pretty much the most dangerously delicious adult beverage I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying, so I need to figure out where I can get my hands on it in the States. 

We ended up eating there twice more during our stay, and both of those times were for breakfast. It doesn't get any better than being greeted first thing in the morning by the friendliest people in Scotland. Plus, the clotted cream and jam is always the way to go! I can't thank the Edinburgh Larder and its staff for such a memorable and enjoyable first (but definitely not last) trip to Edinburgh. 

Side note to prove that the employees there are the best, love their job, and you should go there immediately if you're in Edinburgh: My friend and I were visiting in early March and the entire cafe was filled with fresh-picked daffodils. I asked who was responsible for hand picking all the flowers and, sure enough, one of the employees, Chris, had picked them all and filled the cafe with them. The Edinburgh Larder, staff, Chris and his daffodils: you all are national treasures!
If you are in Edinburgh Scotland and thinking that all the best pubs, coffee shops and restaurants are on the Royal Mile you are sadly mistaken and need to look down the side street. At the Edinburgh Larder my wife and I just had coffee and asked two of the best employees if they could put together a take out meal. They set us up with the best arrangement I have ever had,  We took it all up to our wonderful holiday flat on the Royal Mile and dinned on the most wonderful tasting meal. The beet salad was spectacular (who would have ever thought that beets could taste that good) we topped off with an egg frittata and fish cakes with other wonderfully prepared cold sides. Price was so reasonable I thought they missed charging me for something.  This take away meal feed three adults, they included a chocolate treat that alone will make us return for that morsel alone.  This place is but one part of a larger Bistro that we hope to eat at soon.
Prima di tutto devo fare i complimenti a chi ha scelto il personale, perch sono gi affezionatissimo al cameriere. Di una gentilezza e simpatia veramente esemplari. Vengono offerti tre piatti e due/tre zuppe giornaliere oltre a un men ricco e bilanciato. Gli ingredienti sono tutti locali e veramente squisiti. Dal The al Bacon proprio.
Enjoyed a late lunch here a few weeks back--I would DEFINITELY return, I loved the relaxed and unpretentious atmosphere of the place and the staff were extremely friendly and polite. Food portions are admittedly on the small size from what we saw, but that would be the only complaint for this place, and it wouldn't stop me from coming back or recommending it to others.
A very tasty breakfast which helped with some sore heads and hungry bellies. My french toast was easily the best I have ever tried. My cheese loving boyfriend went out of his way to try the highly recommended smoked cheese and needless to say it was hard to make him leave. We even got free coffee because they weren't happy with their new blend, but we thought it was pretty decent! Only improvement would be a quicker service, the waiter was painfully slow at times!
This place has been great for people visiting me when we're tired and want to grab a coffee or scone. Being off the Royal Mile it's always very busy which is a great sign. The waiters are extremely charming and helpful and do not get annoyed if you take a bit of time to order - definitely a huge plus! One time we went in and were unsure of what to order and the waiter just started off with "Alright so, what are your hunger levels like...?" which we thought was absolutely hilarious. An experience to remember :)

The display case is full of yummy treats but I tend to always go back for the same soup + half sandwich deal, my favorite soup so far has been the hazelnut and artichoke. I'd never seen it or had it before going there so definitely go here if you like original twists on deli or lunch food!
It was my last morning in Edinburgh when I decided to stop in here for a tea and a bit of breakfast before my way to the airport - and I'm glad I did! It was my favourite brekky place I went to during my stay. It really is a quaint place with really lovely staff that make you feel at home. I wish we had one of these in Dublin! If I make it back to Edinburgh, I definitely will be making another visit!
Yummy french toast with fruit compote. Coffee is excellent. Really can't go wrong here. It's a food gem.
I was looking forward to eating here after reading reviews and looking at the menu. 
Unfortunately, the hype was just too much.  
I ordered a pork loin sandwich and oh my, the amount of meat was pitiful.  It was like small, thin islands of pork swimming in a sea of bread (albeit, delicious bread).  I am sure  i did not order the weight loss sandwich but that's what I got.  Too bad.

The brownie was at least, much more filling and tasty to boot.

I was starving after so I found some cullen skink at another place and was happy.  Finally.
Unfortunately, they were sold out of almost everything. No bread, or soup specials left. They also had no Coke or Irn Bru, so I settled for water. I got the Fritada with Tomato, Fennel, and Brie. Good flavor, but unfortunately, it was soggy. Had a very slimy texture. The salad was fresh, and the dressing complimented it well. The barley had an ok flavor, but it was stone cold. Tried to enjoy it, but it was not tasty at this temperature. The Strawberry Cake was very good. It is homemade, and has an excellent sweetness and texture. Staff is super-friendly, and service was great. A chill environment.
I'm not even done eating here! I had the flat white, Curried Carrot and Lentil soup, and Caramelized Onion and Crowdie frittata and they were all fantastic. The staff is very kind and the location itself is tucked away from the Royal Mile, meaning it's nice and quiet. I definitely recommend coming here! The soup by itself was a meal, the frittata made me stuffed! So good :)
I stopped by here to take-away some lunch into the lovely sun, as a freshly made sandwich sounded like a winning idea. It is a wee place with a very home-like feel and the staff was really lovely. I ordered half a salmon sandwich and my friend ordered the goat cheese sandwich, both were made in timely manner and wrapped nicely for an easy carry. The bread was absolutely super fresh and light sourdough and the combination of the salmon and capers on it was delicious. They have lots of gluten free things and a range of salads and they offer soup, so lots to choose from. Their display case of cakes and salads together made it all look too wonderful and I definitely will go back for lunch and or a tasty treat!
Visited here on our last day in Edinburgh after stumbling across it by accident.  A very happy accident I might add.  We were greeted at the door by a very friendly waitress who told us to grab a table and get comfy.  The place was wedged but there was one table free by the door (luckily it was open as it was a scorcher of a day).  I love the mismatched tables and chairs it added a homely feel to the place in a way I can't describe.  One wall had shelves laden with their own produce (chutneys, jams and cordials) the other wall had a specials board and a map of Scotland showing where all of their ingredients were sourced from.
As I am a coeliac I was delighted to see that they offered gluten free bread, lovely chunky slices of the stuff.  I ordered the scrambled eggs with bacon and toast and himself ordered the full breakfast.  I do see people complaining about slow service but the kitchen is teeny and you can see everything going on in it so it is to be expected that it's not going to be suprr fast.  Everything is cooked from scratch not kept on hot plates or anything like that.  The staff also made the wait enjoyable by getting all of the customers chatting almost like you were in a family kitchen at home.
We did really enjoy the food here so much so that we didn't add anything once it hit the table, no salt, pepper or sauce.  This is a rare thing when you order scrambled eggs but they were so creamy and amazing they needed nothing else.  The eggs were put on top of the toast and I had to quickly rescue one slice before it got as soggy as the other one.
Bottom line: the food is good but don't stop here if it's fast food you're after.
Located in a new shopping center in NW Phoenix.  I had the Blimpie Best Combo and the food was good, staff was fast and friendly... overall it was a good lunch.
For lunch time during the week,.this place is not busy. I ordered the turkey and provolone. She wasn't skimpy on the toppings like some other sub shops(Subway)! Overall a tasty and filling lunch.
just got my catering order from this Blimpie for 1 st time for super bowl weekend. They customized everything according to my needs. They even offered extra sides. Will definetly order again...found my fav sub shop! No more subway! Blimpie is the way to go! The best part is that they give it a personal touch by going out of their way to make sure they make the customer happy.
Employee brought out bathroom cleaning supplies with toilet brush-placed in visible sink washed hands and asked me what I would like to order.  I said nothing and walked out.  Called manager over 6 weeks ago to discuss the idea of bringing toilet brushes in the food area and I haven't heard back from them.
If I could rate 0 stars, I would.  I don't eat sandwiches as often as I'd like since bread is not technically part of a healthy lifestyle for me.  However, we were getting ready for vacation, things were hectic and I didn't really care!  Although my first preference for subs is Jersey Mikes, Which Wich & even Subway on occasion; I've had Blimpie in the past and have had good experiences.  They are just not conveniently located where I'm at most of the time and I do prefer the ones mentioned above in that order.  

It had been awhile since I had one & my husband picked it up for me since it was in the area he was running an errand.  Let me say that I am completely appalled that I had to pay ANY money for what I received let alone $6.  I had a 12 in club sub. I'd rather pay $6 for a 6 inch sub that was higher quality.  One very, thinner than paper, layer of each: turkey, ham, & cheese.  Completely disgusted & not at all satisfying.  If I wanted only a bread and veggies sub, I would go to Subway & order their veggie sub, much more satisfying.  But in a time where I'm following an eating plan that is all about protein, I've become a protein lover.  However, even a non meat lover would expect more than what I received!  From now on I will stick with the other previously mentioned places when I want to "treat" myself to a sandwich w/ bread! See picture of just how pathetic my sub was!
I read good reviews online for gluten free options at Blimpie.  My kids wanted sandwiches, so I thought I'd try it.  The employees didn't seem to know what was gluten free and what wasn't.  The menu only listed two salad options - the pictures didn't match the list.  I asked for what was in the picture, she made me something else, when I told her, she got angry and whispered something to the other employee and took my salad in the back.  She made another one, still not what I asked for.  It was $6 and totally unsatisfying.  The dressing came in cups, so no way to check if it was gluten free.  I thought her attitude would get worse if I asked her to change her gloves or wipe down the meat slicer.  I am not giving blimpie my money, even for my kids.
Overlooking Portobello Beach stands the Beach House caf. Located on the corner of Bath Street this caf offers a wide ranging menu. From coffee, to pastries, sandwiches and salads and cooked breakfasts, this caf does it all.

Inside, the caf pays homage to its location with deep sea blue walls with various sailing decorations located across the caf. Cakes and breads are cooked daily in the caf, and one can only admire the smells on offer in the caf. It was very busy with families when I paid it a visit and had a great buzzing atmosphere. And from reading about it, it certainly has won admirers and is one of the best places to go for a bite to eat in the area.

With great views of the beach and the Firth of Forth, it really is an ideal location for a caf. And even better, this caf matches the hype surrounding it.
Exceptional quality food, home baking and coffee make this place well worth a visit.  Their freshly baked bread is the secret of their successful sandwich making.  I'm going back!
We took the bus out to Portobello from Edinburgh today. It was a lovely, sunny and almost warm afternoon and I was pleasantly surprised to find what looked like a very inviting cafe on the waterfront. The cafe is well-presented and a positive addition to the Portobello beach front. I would have to agree though with the previous reviewer - the service was rather poor. When we entered the cafe, we read the sign that informs customers to "please wait to be seated." We duly waited for at least 10 minutes whilst all manner of staff milled about and pushed past us in the cramped entry way. Finally, we enquired as to whether or not we could take a table. We were told to go ahead. We sat, looked at the menu and then proceeded to wait another 10 minutes or so. Just when we thought that we had figured out that perhaps we needed to order at the counter, a waitress came over to our table and took our order.

The food was fine, though I would like to correct Matthew's review above - the cakes and breads are NOT baked  on the premises. All of this is brought in from outside. I know this for certain as when I asked what the exact ingredients of the cakes might be and whether or not there were peanuts being handled in the kitchen where the cakes were being prepared, the waitress told me she could not say as all cakes were brought in from an outside bakery. The cakes did look nice and it is a shame that the Beach House does not have more information on hand about the cakes they are selling - even if they are not baking them.

I would go back here for a coffee. I ordered an espresso macchiato that I thought was of a good quality. The next time though I will be more proactive about being seated and having my order taken in a timely fashion.
Nice little cafe overlooking Portobello beach. The Promenade is a great place for a walk/cycle on a sunny day and The Beach House is right on it; the perfect to stop for refreshments or lunch. The ice cream is from The Chocolate Tree and they have Orangina in the original little curvy bottles. Awesome.
I like it here. tasty food, and well sourced puddings from various places like La Cerise in Leith.

The service can get slow when it's busy, and it's a small place so it gets busy easily. but it's right on the beach. You can eat outside, and you can take away thigns too, like the ice cream *hint hint*
I really wanted to like this place. It's cute, perfect location with a beautiful view of the beach, and the decor was nice too. And they are serving a lot of organic stuff. I was really excited when I walked in, but like others mentioned, the service was painfully slooooowwwwwww. I got there about 11:40am, got seated right away, but nobody came to take my order until 11:55, and at that time, the server refused to take my breakfast order because breakfast was until noon. I asked her if she could check with the kitchen, and she did, but the same answer. In my mind, I wanted to argue "but it's 11:55, there is still 5 minutes left!!!" But I just didn't want to waste my time anymore. If they are ok with having me sit all by myself at the table, and go talk to a family who got in after I did  and take their order before me, then maybe they just didn't want me there. It's unfortunate, I really wanted to like this place so that I could come back every morning to get a coffee or breakfast while I'm staying in Portobello, but I think I would rather spend my money somewhere else where they appreciate my patronage.
This place was delightful, beautiful strawberry sorbet ice cream, served by a very friendly and helpful guy and only 2 for a massive scoop! Edinburgh is so cheap and lovely!!!! wish I still lived here sometimes!
I just fancied a scone and a flat white beside the beach and this is what I get!  Perfect!!!  Really nice fruit scone with jam and butter, topped off with a lovely warm, tasting flat white right beside the beach.  

The staff were friendly and service was quick too.

I'll be here again - it's enough to brighten up anyone's day!
The Beach House makes a regular fun cycle to Portobello beach, or a day in the Turkish baths, change from an all-round fun day to an AMAZING day filled with beautiful salads and CAKE. Yes.

I don't know Portobello well, but the two times I've been here recently on a bike ride and after a day at the Turkish Baths, this is the caf we went to both times, and it was just right each time. It's big inside, and whilst it always seems to be full to the rafters, we weren't turned away and had a table within 2 minutes of waiting. The staff are super friendly, and the head waiter who coordinates it all runs a tight ship but in a relaxed way.

FIrst off: many options of gluten free cakes. Yes! From Love Pure Cakes and Mrs C's Cakes, and a few others I don't recognise. This makes me so happy, and both times the cake I had was delicious.

Second: warm winter vegetable salad with feta and many seeds. Yes! This was amazingly delicious and the perfect serving size after a day of steaming in the baths, but still leaving room for cake.

I think without The Beach House my trips to Portobello would be far colder, tiring and less delicious. Where else would I stop for coffee and cake mid-cycle? Let's not think about answering that.
This seems to be one of the most popular haunts for promenade eating and drinking, and for good reason. 

The space is airy and bright, despite always being almost full to capacity. The cakes are fresh and extremely tasty, with a range of gluten free options to cater for GF cake nommers. The tea is plentiful and refreshing. Food is varied and good quality. The service is with a smile, though it sometimes is a wee bit slow - due probably to the business of the place.  

Definitely recommend, I always like to have a quick stop here!
I've been here a few times now as it's become a bit of semi-local. 

Good points
- Location. It's on the promenade with views out to the sea. Pretty and inviting, especially if the weather is a bit lacklustre! They also have outdoor seating with blankets for when it gets a bit chilly. 
- Food. For the most part is pretty nice. The cakes are good and the breakfasts are yum. 

Things to, let shall we say, work on...

- Staff. If you don't want to be in the service industry, then don't be. The minimum you need as a customer is a smile and just general politeness. I've been here a few times now and it doesn't seem to matter who you get, whether sat at a table or grabbing a takeaway, you get the feeling that you're just annoying them. So so miserable it's off-putting. I'm not the only one who feels this way. I've even had people sitting next to us turn to us and comment, wondering whether it was just them.
- Portion sizes. I can't tell you how small the bacon rolls are! And for 3.95 you would be horrified. Which brings me on to the price of things...I know they have a captured market but it's a tad too high. 

You know thinking about it again makes me think I probably won't go back here. I'll try the Espy next door.
You can't miss foodies, it's stylish exterior and interior are very welcoming and the tasty cupcakes are always in prime location so that whenever I walk past it's hard to resist temptation of getting a tasty cake.

Around lunchtime, this place is always full to bursting and it's the perfect size offering a rather large seating area in addition to a large waiting area if you're looking to takeaway.

Last time I popped in for a roll filled with cheese and ham, the ingredients were fresh but it wasn't as exciting or as tasty as nearby Thyme and whilst chomping on my roll, I kind of wishes that I was chomping on a brie and cranberry Thyme roll instead. The cakes are amazing and I've sample more than a few of their cupcakes but I can't help but feel that Foodies is a case of style over substance and the food actually looks better than it tastes.

If you're looking for a pick-me-up, it's worth noting that they also have a good selection of tasty smoothies on offer, all at very reasonable prices.
Foodies is a new discovery for me. Ever since I started working for Fest and having to be in the office at Paterson's Land, I've had to find new places to eat in Holyrood, since I'm not that well-versed in that area. Holyrood kinda seems like the end of Edinburgh to me, a metaphorical cul-de-sac. Foodies is one of our first picks after Thyme (nothing beats avocado and walnuts and roast peppers in a sandwich for me). 

The interior really doesn't meet the expectations you might get from the outside of the cafe. The outside is sleek and shiny, where the inside is homely and wooden. They also sell a variety of things there that I kind of wouldn't have expected to find. Organic ales (one of them being priced ridiculously because it's percentage is 40%), organic soaps and chocolate and spreads an stuff. Which is kinda cute, but because of the way it's all laid out, makes me feel like eating the soap. 

They have decent sandwiches and pretty good coffee, though it's quite pricey. You can also both takeaway or sit in, and the sit-in space is decent and not too cramped. 

Last time I was there, though, the service was slow (it's the festival, everything becomes hectic) and I had to wait about 20 minutes for a sandwich. In any case, it wasn't so bad. And the girls who worked there definitely didn't deserve to get yelled at like they did by customers that day.
Well, I do begrudge the price of most things these days but I have to draw attention to my experience today. I thought I'd treat myself to a baked potato and a can of juice both of which came to 3.40 which seems not too bad but it was when you consider the potato was closer to the size of a Jersey royal.
The 'cheddar' was the cheapest nastiest radioactive orange sludge I've seen in a while and believe me, I'm no stranger to greasy spoons or Farmfoods.
Perhaps I should have said something at the time but it annoys me when owners turn up in their fancy cars whilst staff get paid not that much and I pay 2.70 for something that probably cost 20p to make.
I'm not wanting to start a revolution over a baked tattie but I think I'll remember to take my own lunch into work from now on.
7:20 am The torturous awakening by some high pitched noise I have chose to be my  alarm. Sounds like someone is already in the shower, another 15 minutes in bed.... bonus.

7:35 am........ crap. If I really don't get in that shower I am going to be late for my lecture on cremated remains that awaits me at 9, after I have just eaten breakfast, really?!?! - AH breakfast.

8:20 am - Bleary eyed and bobbing along to some generic 'wake me up' tune I stumble into Foodies at Holyrood. Having been before I walk in confidently knowing exactly what I want.... a strawberry and banana smoothie, to kick start my energy for the day and what I must admit is the biggest pain au chocolat I have EVER had. Yummers.

This place seems to have a good vibe about it, friendly staff, the menu seems pretty extensive and reasonably priced. 

I have learned two things from writing this review,

1-I really need to change my alarm to something a little less painful for my early rise trips to Foodies

2-  I must go back for lunch one day, baked potato with spicy thai prawn sounds to die for!
I discovered Foodies today when I was looking for (now closed) Thyme.  

It's a cute place - attractively presented with tasty looking cakes to greet you as you walk in.  Right in front of you is the takeaway counter and to your right down some stairs is the table service bit.  That's nice, it's always good to have options, right?

One of the first things I noticed (naturally) was that they sell wine, beer and bubbly here.  I'm not sure how often they have the Holyrood working crowd sneaking a cheeky wee beer with their sarnie, but surely the last thing we need are tipsy politicians, no?  Thoughts of trams and all that ...

More likely, these boozy offerings go hand in hand with their brilliant idea of renting out picnic blankets.  I believe you pay a deposit for the blanket and get most of it back when you actually return it.  WIth a location right next to Arthur's Seat, it's a brilliant idea.  You can pop in here and get a tasty wee picnic, a bottle of bubbly, and a blanket with your sweetie.  Pretty cool.  Shame we don't often get the weather for it.  

With all of that cool and kitchy stuff, this place does unfortunately fall down a wee bit.  I ordered a ciabatta (tasty, fresh and herby) with brie and cranberry.  Where for art thou brie?  I believe I had a taste of you in the beginning... 
In a sandwich that has only two ingredients, you really really can't be stingy.  I mean, I do understand that there is only SO much brie you can put in a sandwich, so maybe get a little creative and put a few more fillings in it?  I did notice that their filling selection was pretty standard and a bit bland.  Spice it up a bit!  

So, a cute place with nice staff and some great ideas, but just complete the deal with some good and well-filled sandwiches and you'll be on your way.
The best carrot cake E.V.E.R.  I have always actively sought out carrot cake when needing a wee snack-ette and have been so far as to try many "best carrot cake" spots claimed by other Yelpers. But those honestly can't compete with Foodies on this point. The slice presented is massive, moist, chock-full of whole walnuts and is smothered in heavenly cream cheese icing.  At 3 a slice (been the same price for a year) it's extraordinary value.  You can also order a whole cake for 30 - no mark up on the single slice - so it shows how big the servings are. I'm gonna get two for my impending housewarming party!
Cant say im that impressed by Foodies.

Pretty grumpy staff.......over priced food.........stale cakes....! Not feeling it. Seems like they have had a bit of a fall from grace, maybe not uqite as good as it used to be?

Lots of people raved about it but whenever I get lunch from there im a bit disappointed!
I've been to Foodies many times because it's located conveniently right next door to my house.  However, the mediocre food and the miserable staff eventually turned me off.  Frequently my requests were ignored (I would ask for a scone warmed up, and receive it stone cold) and I was always made to feel like I was irritating the staff just be coming in.  Also, who doesn't serve eggs at breakfast?  Not impressed.
Situated in New Town, the shops name is pretty unoriginal but it does provide a pretty decent place to get some lunch. It was formally called the Globe Deli and they offer pretty much the same range of sandwiches, paninis, baguettes and rolls that they used to. The prices are however quite expensive and I generally tend to venture elsewhere for my lunch. There are a good range of pre-made rolls and there is always a filling you can choose that will pick your fancy. However, considering that the rolls aren't that big, it will set you back 2.75 for a cheese and tomato sandwich, which is a bit hefty, but this I suppose is to be expected in this area of town.
I came in here at lunchtime earlier in the year and it was pretty busy and the service was quite slow. There are a few areas in the deli where you can sit, but most, like myself, tend to get it to takeaway, which is a shame because it actually did look pretty cosy inside.
I thought I was going to be on for a coveted first review of this place but Terry's nicked the prize from under my nose. His review is pretty much spot on, it's alright but not as good as you'd think it would be, given an upmarket location and fairly high prices.

Like much of Broughton Street, it takes itself a bit too seriously and feels like it's trying too hard to fit in with the general ambiance. The minimalist nature of the place coupled with the ear splittingly dull acid-jazz soundtrack may impress some, but it left me cold.

The ciabatta was alright, but it's hard to mess up a chorizo and mozzarella sarnie, and in a city where lunch-based voyages of discovery seem neverending, it's not one of the best.
Well the question on everybody's lips: Where is this place and what kind of a business establishment is it?! Come on guys, you can come up with a better name than that.

As for the food, it's all pretty standard fare. Given that it's in New Town the bread is usually ciabatta  or foccacia, but that's OK I suppose. There's nothing wrong with this place but there's nothing that great about it either. Hence the 3*. Just feels like it's trying a bit hard. It's OK for a quick lunch but if you're on the wrong side of town don't bother making the trip.
In the hunt for some free Wifi I happened upon the New Town Deli.  Not because it has free Wifi, but because I was about to pass out from hunger and needed to eat post-haste.  

It's a pretty standard deli - sandwiches, crisps, paninis, salads - not really much I can say that stood out as particularly exciting.  It's mostly takeaway service, with a few seats available along the counters at the windows.  It's definitely the type of place that has it's regular crowd.  I tried to read the menu over, but the girl behind the counter kept asking what I wanted...feeling the pressure of the other customers, I just grabbed an egg mayo roll (2.60) from the cold counter.  

The chat I overheard while pretending to read the paper was amazing, though.

Guy, probably early 30s: looking to be set up by a friend of his.
Girl, about the same age: went on at length about how women who are 30 and haven't settled down yet are 'quite sad' and are so baby desperate that no one will date them anyways.  Luckily for everyone involved, she had married early.

As a non-baby-desperate, nearing 30 young woman, I found this all a bit hilarious.  If also a bit disconcerting.

The guy was quite cute, though, I may be back to suggest we mate...oops, I mean date.
I don't *think* my negative view of this place is being coloured by just how hungover I was when I went here, but I guess it could be the case...

I stopped by here a few weeks ago when I felt I needed to fill my belly with a bread encrusted substance or I wouldn't be able to go on.  

First of all, the customer is meant to select their bread and hand it to someone behind the counter to make the sandwich.  Whereas this sounds like a reasonable idea, I couldn't help but think of just how many people had touched my bread before I selected it.  I don't really know what's wrong with keeping the bread behind the counter and having the workers get it themselves...

Second, whenever I order a hot sandwich I continue to be surprised when that means that the fillings are heated in the microwave.  I know I should really see this coming, but I seem to be forgetful.  When I order "flame grilled chicken with a spicy tomato salsa" I don't expect that the "flame" is coming from the microwave.  Microwaved chicken is rubbery and gross and does not belong in a deli trying to pass itself off as upmarket.  

My sandwich was little pieces of diced chicken microwaved in some sauce and put on bread.  That was it.  I know that it was technically what I ordered so I shouldn't complain that much, it was just so... blah.  Plus, when I picked it up to take a bite half of the little pieces fell out onto my plate, and that was just annoying.

All in all, one star for being not cheap enough for what it was, and leaving my hangover belly even more unhappy than it was before lunch.
The New Town Deli offers excellent soup and good quality sandwiches, but at a price.

Overall, we said: "we'd heartily recommend the New Town Deli to you. It is more expensive than its neighbours, but the quality is very high. We'd think of this more as a "one-in-a-while" place, as it's a considerable treat for your palette, but we can imagine how others would get very attached to regularly sampling from its pleasing selection of goodness."
Uptown girl, that's how I feel when lunching at New Town Deli - it's more upmarket than your traditional sandwich shop... but oh, so much more tasty!  

Food is delicious, they obviously use high quality ingredients, and wide selection of goodies. Their smoothies are really good - though not at Hula's level... 

What I like about this wee spot is how bright it is, if there is 1 thing I love it's light (probably because Scotland is so dark a lot of the time!) - nice big windows, and a really cool big wooden table in the middle so you can lunch & make friends!  Outdoor seating for those days when the sun is out.  Always playing good music, and today seeing as it is Friday they have it nice and loud... (but not too loud for those more sensitive eardrums)

Def worth checking out if you are after a quick bite, bit too cramped if you are wanting a more leisurely sunday brunch.
Scorring Broughton Street for a cheap bite to eat on a Saturday at lunch time is no easy task.  We just wanted something quick and easy to eat - basically a sandwich.

We came across this place and decided to sit in.  My OH made a comment about the high stools on many circumstances I struggle with because my height and the comfort issue!  These stools were comfortable and I was able not to fall of them.

I opted to have one of the pre-made panino - mozzerella, sugo and meatballs.  It was tasty and filling but lacked seasoning - a little more herb and pepper wouldn't go a miss.  I added pepeer from a sachet and it did seem to help but only just.  The OH half a roll made up of salami, blue cheese, lettuce and tomato and seem to enjoy it.

Tasty sandwiches at the regular deli price.  Staff were nice and brought out my panino when it had been toasted.

Just under 10 for two rolls and drinks it seemed reasonable for a quick bite for two.
This place is great! The prices are really reasonable and the quality is fantastic. It costs a little extra to sit in, but I am generally on the go when I go there and get it to take away any how.
There is always a good special on, the last time I went there the special was a spicy chicken wrap with salsa and cheese and it was delicious and only cost 2.80!
They also have a good range of fillings on other baguettes and sandwiches and all the ingredients that they use are fresh. Furthermore they have a good range of coffees including lattes, espressos and cappuccinos as well as tea and cold drinks. There are also salad boxes on sale which cost around 3.50 and there are a variety of home-made soupls on sale here as well. Will definitely be coming back soon!
Yes, totally agree with Terry W.'s review. In addition they also have a great selection of Cobb loaves, rolls, breads etc that although not baked on the premises, are brought in fresh daily. A really convenient thing given Roseburn doesn't have a specialist bakery.
This small deli with a few seats to sit in with your coffee & salad roll is always clean and well presented. The fillings for your choice of roll etc are extensive and nothing is too much bother for the friendly staff.

The quality of the coffee is high and many local business people call in for their takeaway breakfast or lunch.
I was in the mood for some authentic Deli and I saw this new place open.  It was great! the corned beef was lean, the rye bread fresh, crispy pickles and of course they serve Coke products.  The baked deserts looked wonderful.  The portion was filling.
I cant wait to try their breakfast and their own bagels
I noticed that Kashman's went out of business and JJ's Deli took over.  I had to experience this new deli for myself.  I just ate my second meal there just to make sure it was truly as good as my first visit.  The service and attitude of the owner Roger, his family and employees was top notch.  They are genuine, sincere, authentically warm and strive to provide the highest level of service without jeopardizing food quality.  I ate the corned beef sandwich with coleslaw and swiss which was awesome. The meat like Michael H. reviewed was lean and delicious.  Yesterday, had the Chinese chicken salad and the dressing was spicy and killer.  Fresh and cool. Just the way I love it.  Since I had a big appetite I also engaged in a warm buffalo chicken sandwich which was amazing.  I kid you not... you will see me frequenting this place consistently.  See you at JJ's soon and you wont be disappointed.
Two for two. This becoming my new favorite place
I feel the need to update my review since matters have dramatically improved since I last wrote my past negative review. I find the staff to be consistently friendly, especially Jacob, Renee, Lupe, Eddie and Richard...The owner has gotten to improve a little too, although I still find him to be a douche bag...His wife Jennie is a doll, but he sure carries himself around like he has a chip on his shoulders...Interestingly enough, his son Jacob is the total opposite and is always very warm, welcoming and always manages to have a smile on his face....
And now that bitchy Kim is gone, nobody else's day has to be ruined due to a woman constantly menopausing....


Some things changed for the better since JJ's took over. There is a lot more variety on the menu including the famous Knish. However, some of the staff remained and while some of them are very pleasant, there is a stagnant unpleasant person at the cashier whom I believe will ultimately lead this deli to fail. Do I have to plan ahead in order for me to visit JJ's on the grumpy lady's day off ? I guess so!...She's now gone thank GOD!!!

It was really too bad for a business to have such wonderful food yet be tarnished by one unpleasant person. I am not asking for much, but why should I support a business where I consistently am not greeted with warmth and friendliness by one person who was consistently grumpy ?

So in a rare gesture for me, I am upgrading JJ's to 4 stars because yes I am a fan and yes they have improved...
Tried JJ's bagels twice.  Liked them very much.  Actually liked them better than Kashmans.   They had a nice firmness to the outside and a bit chewy like I like them.  I still prefer the size of  a New York bagel to these, but they had good texture.

I thought the staff was very friendly, especially one of the male employees in the morning.  Don't know his name but he met me at the door w/ quite a greeting and  also said goodbye when I left.  Big smile.  I felt like he enjoyed this place and that goes a long way.  I'll have to come back to see how they make a sandwich!
Great deli - best I've had since my last trip to NYC. Try the P'nish - a sandwich using a knish as the bread is excellent. Had mine with turkey, swiss, thousand island and cole slaw. Classic yet innovative. 

I understand that bagels are made the right way - boiled then baked - just like in the old country. Better than Chompies. If you're from Tucson and remember the Hot Bagel Bakery on Speedway - JJ's bagels are as good as those were. 

You can't miss the owner, Roger, when you walk in - I don't know that anyone has ever seemed so happy to see me patronize a restaurant as Roger did. Really made me feel welcome. 

Only open breakfast and lunch - no dinner. Great patio seating with lots of umbrellas & dog friendly (I didn't know that last time - I'll have to bring my basset next time). 

Highly recommend JJ's as possibly the best deli in the Phx area.
It's early Sunday morning, and, as I often do, I want lox. Lots of lox. In the past we went to Kashman's, but the times are a changing and JJ's Delicatessen has improved on our usual New York-style deli. To start, breath easy, because Lupe is still there, greeting you warmly as you walk in and making sure you find a seat. He's great. The menu has changed a bit, and there is a sports theme running through the menu and the decor. The new owners seem to be Mets fans, and my beau may or may not hold that against them. 

We ordered  the L.E.O omelet (Lox, eggs, & onions) and the veggie skillet. They both came with a bagel and schmear, and the omelet also had a side of fruit.  Everything was freshly prepared to-order and came out quick. The staff was very accommodating when something came out wrong and quickly addressed our concerns. I greatly enjoyed the omelet - it was simple, and had the right proportion of lox to eggs. I might have peppered it up a bit more, but I like food with a kick. The veggie skillet was also very good - lots of potatoes, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, peppers and cheese! You can order the skillet with any combo of veggies, meat, and cheese. Come hungry, because the skillet is a serious portion! The bagels and schmear are made in-house and are pretty good - not exactly like my favorite New York bagels, but a nice compromise. I do need to return to try the knish!

I thought the prices were a bit steep for a delicatessen, but perhaps the prices go with the portion size. Some things seemed to be priced correctly or even slightly under-priced, like the skillets that come with a bagel, or the omelets that come with a bagel and side of fruit or potato ($10 or less). Other dishes, like the lox platter seemed a bit steep ($10.95). Then again, I'm not sure how much lox come with the platter, so maybe it's not such a fishy deal after all! I'll have to investigate the other menu items and do a little more price comparison to decide.

Overall, JJ's is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and a great place to stop in for Sunday brunch, or any time you are craving some Jewish comfort food.
Forgive me for being gross, but I have to tell you my favorite way to judge a Jewish-style deli. It's by how much you enjoy the post-meal burps. And the new JJ's Delicatessen at Pinnacle Peak and Scottsdale Road rates high on the burp-o-meter!! It's been open since July in the spot once occupied by Kashman's. In my opinion, JJ's is much better. The service is lovely (a big change), the menu extensive, and the food delicious.

     I ordered the signature sandwich, a "Pnish" ($8.95). It's a "square potato knish sliced in half and filled with your favorite meat, cheese and dressing, then grilled panini style". I chose corned beef, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing. For my included-in-the-price side, I got cole slaw. In general I'm not a great fan of knishes, but this one did make a great (and unusual) sandwich. The corned beef was a tad dry, but with Russian dressing and cole slaw, who'd notice? The cole slaw was fabulous; I appreciated its sweetness, and Ken its sourness. We both loved the freshness. All the salads are made daily. As are the breads and bagels. Ken had a cinnamon raisin bagel, which I, of course, tried. It was more dense than most Arizona bagels, and chewy, so it reminded me somewhat of New York bagels. Ken's fruit platter was quite large, and the fruit was ripe and tasty.

     All the pastry looked delicious. We took home a chocolate horn and an apricot hamantaschan. Both were shockingly good. The hamantaschan dough was melt-in-your-mouth rich, and the tart filling was a pleasant contrast. The texture of the chocolate horn was perfect, it shattered when I bit into it, yet it wasn't dry. The chocolate had a good flavor. By the way, iced coffee goes perfectly with chocolate horns, and JJ's makes theirs using a cold drip method. I had ice tea with my sandwich, and it was excellent.

     We're planning to try breakfast at JJ's. There's a huge variety of options including a L.E.O.($9.95), matzo brie ($8.95), and a whitefish salad platter ($10.95). Latkes and blintzes are both available at $10.95. Not cheap, but I bet there'd be enough to share. Coffee comes in many forms: cappucino, latte, macchiato, etc. And more pastry.

     As we were getting ready to leave I experienced my first JJ's burp. I got into the car with a big smile on my face.
Went to JJ's today for the first time since it opened.  Overall, I felt it was the same thing as Kashman's with a few minor additions to the menu including some tasty looking Jewish baked goods.  My Husband got the corn beef omelet, which he had before when it was Kashman's with no changes.  I got the Pnish, which I was excited for, but when it came it was cold and they put the wrong meat in it and forgot my mustard.  So, all in all, the place was a good as Kashman's but I wasn't please with what I got.  We'll go back again because I love sitting outside on the weekends at this cozy place.
Went here for the first time on Halloween, Gotta say I wasn't really expecting a whole lot. It was late and near closing but the guys there were still pretty upbeat. 

The place has a few posters on the wall and they were pretty amusing. It was clean and neat. 

We got the food to go but I overheard someone saying to another customer that if they wanted a pickle they would deliver for em, that's what they do. I like that! I run a restaurant and know the value of customer service that was a big +1

I got a basic Roast beef; just tom, mayo, lettuce, and meat on the fresh baked bread. Got back and it was like back east. The shredded lettuce I was used to growing up. The chewy bread and rare beef. 

I have to say it was all well worth the like 5 bucks it cost. The chips are good too. crunchy like kettle cooked and not overly salty.

I would recommend this over subway ANY day of the week. There's no such thing as perfect so Ill give this my highest review of 4/5
Our rep brought in lunch from JJ's to our office.  We used to always order lunch to go from Cashman's, so thought to give the new place a go.  We all liked our sandwiches that we got. I had the Ham and Brie, it was a little sodium overload, but it was good, had a fruit salad and pickle. It's not Cashman's, but it'll do. True test will be trying their bagels and eating breakfast there. To be continued...
Awesome east coast style deli food with a fresh and healthy update, this is the best, we go there all the time
For deli North of the loop, this is the place to go.

The menu is pretty much the same as Kashmans, with a few new items (like Coney Island knishs!).  Prices are the same, or a tad higher.  

Same great quality, however.  Everything is always very fresh.  I love the greek salad, the trifecta sampler (chicken salad, tuna salad, and egg salad - but all doctored and not run of the mill) ,and the deli sandwiches are great, though once I ordered a turkey and chopped liver, and it was VERY thin and scant of meat.  Must have been an off day as normally the portions are very generous.

The soups are great, as are the breakfasts, etc.  BUT, the bagels are the best you'll find in Arizona, in my opinion.
Simply the BEST!  Unbelievable selection of food, FRIENDLY staff (love LUPE) fresh, fast and a great patio for sitting outside on a beautiful AZ morning.  Enjoy!
Love, Love, Love JJ's!!

We've been here a few times and will definitely be found here many more mornings to come! 

The staff is charming in the friendly way that makes you want to eat here every morning! 
The food is pretty decent too. I always order an Iced Vanilla Latte to start off with. I don't know what it is but I can't seem to try anything else because it's so yummy!

The Denver omelette is my fav... it's always filled with a good amount of 'stuffings'. They put the cheese on the top too- which is the way I like it, otherwise I feel like I'm just eating a pound of cheese if it's mixed in like other places. It comes with toast or a bagel and a side. So of course I get a bagel for the bf  to enjoy with his meal and fruit for myself. By the way, the bagels are sooo soft and chewy. We probably won't be going back to Einstein's anytime soon.

The sandwiches are so yummy too! They all taste so fresh. The bread seems like it just came out of the oven, meat just sliced and lettuce just cut! Although, my one dislike is I think the chicken salad is a bit on the sweet side.

It tends to be on the pricey side but for the amount, service and quality you receive I don't mind paying a few extra dollars!
Breakfast was excellent. Get the breakfast burrito
the best of everything here, food and service, you will love it.  You never know who you will see, yankess, hockey palyer, basketball, movie stars, etc.
I was pleasantly surprised.  I had not been back to the former Kashman's because I didn't care for it before.  I think the service and food is much better now.  We went there with the twins and requested a couple of scramble eggs for them to be done first.  They did so and were very accommodating.  I had the pancakes, remember to request the real maple syrup. They were delicious, and an huge portion, I shared some with the twins and my husband and still couldn't finish it.  My husband had the breakfast burrito, it was very good.  He ask to add potato to it and they did so.  The pastries look so good, we'll have to try them next time. We will certainly be back soon.
Dare I say it and commit heresy?  Yes!  JJ's is better than Kashman's was.  Which is a high compliment indeed.
We went here last weekend for breakfast, and boy, has this place slid in quality.  Place looked really dirty inside, portions got smaller, prices went up, and all the experience did was make me miss Kashmans even more.  We won't go back.
We've been going here since the previous place, Kashman's was there.  Must say, now, a year later after re-opening as JJ's - the food is much better!  (As is the management/owner involvement and the friendliness!)
This is a convenient place; the food is good for breakfast (You could work on the potatoes/sides, though....) and the staff is really nice.  I love the fact they recognize us (Mainly the dog I think...); this is a really dog friendly places - a few Milk Bone treats are always available and the staff always asks if the "doggie" wants water.  The lunch sandwiches are good; they use really good quality cheeses and meats for their sandwiches.
I am looking forward to more "tweaks" in the food quality (It has improved - the bagels were always good, but the egg dishes used to be horrible as Kashman's.), and I think I would move this up to a 5 star rating.  It's almost there.
Had the totally most awesome breakfast here this week. I ordered the Southwest omelette, loaded with cheese and green pepperrs, and that was excellent. The potatoes were a close 2nd. I don't think I've ever had such tasty potatoes as a side. 

The coffee was hot and yummy and the owner even asked me to sample some new rye bread he was considering taking on. All is all, a fantastic experience. The kids and wife and I will hit it again this weekend.
Other than Rene and Lupe who are consistently outstanding in every respect, some of the other staff are unfriendly and downright unwelcoming.  - It is really a shame that the  owners just don't get it, especially considering it is their first foray in the restaurant business...

If people who come in to your place of  business, especially a restaurant...and they feel like you are a bother...why did you get into this business to begin with. Your food is actually quite decent, but the attitude of some of the staff is awful and downright inhospitable.

I'll tell you what....Starbucks gets it -  and they are a chain! I would prefer to go to Starbucks and get a awesome experience each and every time, rather than waste my time and to support and patronize a business whose owners are incapable of the basics such as being friendly. 

Its really too bad - and while some people are blind enough to like you, I have gone on with my life not feeling the need to support you any longer as you never even once showed that my business was appreciated.
Owner was very rude to me and overheard him be very condescending to a female employee. I will never step foot in that restaurant again.
After my first visit, I fell in love with JJ's Delicatessen.  Everything is made-to-order with quality ingredients.  My boyfriend and I stopped by one Sunday morning for some breakfast.  Everything on the expansive menu sounded delicious.  JJ's serves breakfast  (skillets, eggs, pancakes, french toast, omelettes, pastries, etc), lunch and other savory deli items (knish, challah...). 

Place your order at the counter, grab some coffee and find a seat inside or on the patio.  I ordered an egg white Greek omelette with fresh fruit and a whole wheat bagel (the options included potatoes or fruit and bagel or toast).  My honey had two eggs with fruit and a side of buttermilk pancakes. 

Our food arrived within minutes of finding a spot on the patio.  What impressed me most about JJ's is the quality of the food.  When ordering an egg white omelette you'd expect less eggs and more veggies than your typical "whole-egg" omelette.  Not so at JJ's.  The veggies were fresh and the egg whites were plentiful.  I finally found a place that caters to my health-nut tendencies without skimping on quantity or flavor.  Did I mention the buttermilk pancakes are phenomenal?

JJ himself was helping customers, busing tables and even moving in heating lamps for the chilly patron.  It was nice to have our needs met by the owner himself.  Amazing food, service and down-to-earth atmosphere.  I will be back!
JJ's deli created an incredible display of sandwiches, chips, pickles, and condiments for a large off site party this week.  All I can say is, the food was delicious, the displays were classy and they thought of everything!  The best experience I have had organizing an event.
Awesome!  Heard about it in So Scottsdale Mag and tried the Challah french toast stuffed with cream cheese....amazing.  My husband had an omlet and the potatoes were also great....a must try for sure!
This is a wonderful family owned restaurant with amazing service. Bagels are the best! Both the breakfast and lunch menus are extensive and the kitchen is very willing to make any dietary exceptions you have.
updated review after a couple of years of going there almost every week!

Simply the best place to eat in Arizona period. It is everything you would want from a true NY style deli/restaurant with a fresh and healthy update. Top quality food, bagels made on premise (TRUE NY bagles, dont know how they do it!), great services and very friendly- family owned!

You can sit inside or outside in sidewalk cafe style. A dream come true, everything you would want from a NY cafe but local.
A July 4th visit to JJ's Deli.  My dog LOVES this place; she gets all excited when we say "Let's go to JJ's", "Want to go?".  Her favorite is two scambled egg whites on a plastic plate.  Today was a dog crazy day; almost everyone had their dog.  Thanks for continuing to make this place dog friendly; with free Milkbones.  I think you should add some "doggie" items (i.e. a fresh baked biscuit to your menu - you'd sell a lot.)  We go about 3 times a month.
The food is good; and really improved since it was Kashman's Place.  I also think some "upgrades" to the side dishes - fruit and breakfast potatoes are better, but still could use some work.
Owner, "Roger" enjoys "battling" with customers and telling them off, instead of recognizing & addressing valid concerns.

Well..Roger.."you can't win a argument witha customer...cause if you've won...you've lost ".....evidenced by the hundreds of dollars worth of business you have lost from me alone....
This used to be kashmans but honestly, the only thing they had that you guys don't is the jalapeo infused bacon southwestern omelet. I always thought they were so rude and never understood why they're customers we're so loyal... Must have been the food!!! Love the place now!! Much better atmosphere!!!
First of all, anyone who complains about Roger should have their teeth kicked in! The man is a Saint! And for the cheapskate who complained about "lunch for two with drinks $25.00" ..please go to Subway..you belong there. At JJ's everyone is cool, food is great, service outstanding...glad they're here.
I LOVE a business where the owner is present and involved in the business every day. The staff make you feel like you have always gone here as a kid and are part of the neighborhood. And I will put their cheesy scrambled eggs ( Jacobs scramble) up against any eggs In the valley.
Food - I'm addicted to their breakfast bagels. JJ's starts with a fresh and spongy bagel and piles on their ridiculously fluffy eggs. I usually add sausage or turkey sausage if I'm watching my girlish figure. Then they smother on cheese to hold it all together. I can't always finish it all in one sitting, but it's too good to not try.

Note: They only have one size coffee, 20oz. I usually don't need that much, but for the coffee drinkers out there, it should hold you over.

For lunch, I tried their pastrami on rye with slaw. THANK YOU JJ's for staying true to the deli values of loading ungodly amounts of meat on every sandwich. This thing was piled so high it needed the toothpick to hold it all together. Absolutely delicious and I can't wait to try others.

Service - The staff is great. They always greet me personally and called me by name after only going once. Very sincere, genuinely nice people and seem to always be looking out for you. I overheard someone complaining that they were given the wrong sandwich. It was such a slight variation that they didn't even ask for a replacement. Still, the staff brought them out the new sandwich and comp'd them drinks!

Price - My one beef is that they do run on the pricier side. A full breakfast bagel and coffee is going to put you around 9 bucks and the lunch is going to be over 10. I'm cheap, so that might not be bad for folks who frequent this area. Though, it's tough to get upset when the food is so good and you get a ton.

Authenticity - Two cars rocking New York plates sitting out front! Legit.
Worst. They are rude and awful people. The owner is a giant douche and seems to hate the world as a result.
We went to JJ's Deli because they offer a pet friendly patio.  This was a nice clean out door area with many tables.  This is the kind of place where you go up to the counter to place your order and then they bring it out to you.  The bagels were fantastic and the service was nice.  We will be back, with our dogs!
I have been to this place two times and both visits have been good.  The staff was nice and the orders were correct (got carryout). I got the breakfast bagel sandwich the first time and the greek omelet the next time. Both items were fresh and tasty, and my husband's breakfast burrito was really good! They have awesome breakfast potatoes as well. If you are looking for a good local spot to run in and grab breakfast or lunch this is a great place!
Thank you Yelp, have been to the area before and found this gem on this trip, loved the omelets and pancakes. Quick and real good can't wait for our next trip to the the Valley of the Sun.
JJ's is not the cheapest place in town, but you will not be disappointed with the vast menu, taste or portion size. And, the staff is friendly and helpful -- imagine! If you have kids and they love pancakes, they'll love JJ's pancakes.
Everytime I've gone here for lunch it's been fantastic.  The service is super friendly and the food is AWESOME!!!  With the weather as it is now it's always welcomed to eat outside in the fresh air!  The staff let me know that every morning they make their bagels fresh which is something to stow away for the early morning meetings.  I typically get the Pastrami Ruben and it's one of the best the Valley has to offer.  They are also super pet friendly which is nice for someone who doesn't want to leave their fourlegged friend while they grab a snack.  They also offer wonderful alternatives such as fresh fruit to sub out for chips and the Matsa Ball soup is RAD!!!
As if their breakfast dishes weren't already amazing, they go and have some of the friendliest service! I'd recommend...just about anything!
Great deli.  Probably the best around.  Also one of the best reubens I've ever had.  Awesome bread (homemade I think) and tender corned beef; the stuff dreams are made of.

The only downside of this place is that the staff is overly friendly.  Like borderline annoying.  It was like being in Mexico when the locals try to usher you into a pharmacia or some other tourist trap.  I guess it doesn't matter though because I want to go back asap.  That reuben was just as addicting as whatever is in those Mexican pharmacias.
Great bagels, great atmosphere (especially on the weekends).....
This used to be Kashman's deli and I loved Kashman's so walking in there I had high expectations.  Unfortunately it wasn't what I had hoped, the bagels were $3.00 but good and the Challah French Toast was not bad either!  My omelette was decent but how good can an omelette be?  It just did not have that homey feel that I was used to but overall okay place!
we eat breakfast here every Sunday and love it!  I am both glad and sad that their portions are so big.  The food is delicious and I want to stop eating because I am full, but I don't stop.  I look forward to every Sunday breakfast
This was nothing short of an outrage.  It wasn't the food, but rather the service that left a bitter taste in my mouth.

I walked into the deli with a family of 7 walking in just ahead of me (they held the door for me in fact).  They have 2 registers @ this deli (one on either side of the counter). Both had a single customer at them, next in line was the large family, and then there was me. 

Both registers completed the orders with their single guests. I stood behind the large family for 2 or 3 minutes as they were really indecisive, it was the 1st time they'd been here for some of them, etc.  Neither of the cashiers bothered to call me forward to either open register. They both just stood there waiting for the large family? What the...... ?  

Finally, getting frustrated and perturbed, I stepped forward and asked the matriarch of the family if it would be alright if I went ahead explaining that all I wanted was 2 bagels to go. How ridiculous that I'm just standing there waiting with 2 people available to help me.  They made no effort to do so.  She said that was totally fine so I approached one of the registers. 

The little twerp looked annoyed with me from the get-go. It was like I was inconveniencing him trying to order something from this deli.  I felt as though he would rather have not bothered with me, and that he would have been more content with an empty register so that h could carry on a conversation with the other employees.

Anyway, I order 2 bagels to go. Not difficult. I give him the first bagel order. Next I ordered the second.  "You wanted it scooped, right, " he asked me.  "What?" I asked.  "I'm not sure what you said."  He repeated, "Did you want that scooped?"  I explained that I did not know what that meant. 

Next, this idiot says, "But you asked for the first one scooped, right?" Again, I explained to him that I had never even heard that term before so how could I have asked for that.

Looking increasing annoyed, instead of asking me if I'd like something to drink, he just pointed @ the beverage cups.  What an asshole!!!  

If all of this isn't enough, after I paid him with my credit card, instead of saying thank you and handing me back my card, he just tossed my card down on the counter in front of me to give it back.  I couldn't even believe the mistreatment. 

I would not ever go here.  There are other family owned bagel shops that appreciate a person's patronage. :"(
I love this neighborhood deli. Whether its their yummy bagels, their awesome"just can't beet salad" or the most scrumptious Rueben sandwich ever.... I'm never disappointed and I've been going here for years now!
I have to call 'um like I see 'um, and though I don't particularly like writing negative reviews, this place has failed me once again!!!

My husband and I just got finished taking our 6 month old baby to the pediatric eye doctor which happens to be located only one mile south of J.J.'s.  It was an early morning 8:00am appointment so we didn't have time for breakfast prior to the appointment.  Since we were hungry when we got out, it was too convenient not to give J.J.'s another chance.  

This time, we walked in the door and nobody else was there.  I got a different cashier (fortunately) who was courteous (added one star for this guy).

The trouble came when our order was ready.  My husband loves to sit outside @ restaurants - especially in the mornings.  In fact, he was already out there while I was still inside waiting for our order.  Our order when ready was brought out by . . . guess who????  YEP - that little twerp who was so rude to me on my last visit!!!  

The guy asked me where we'd like to sit.  I replied, "Outside please.  My husband is already out there."  Instead of just complying and bringing our order outside to where my husband was waiting, he says to me, "Are you sure???  It's REALLY hot out there and there are TONs of flies." 

 WHAT THE HECK???   It's only 9:00am and 90 degrees out.  Granted it's not the coolest of temperatures, but in the shade we would have been fine.  FLIES????  I'm thinking to myself, "Why do you even have a patio then, if it's so terrible for people to sit there?!?!?!?"  I didn't really know how to respond to that.  Finally, I decided not to fight him further on that and I was standing near the soda machine and refrigerator that holds the bottled beverages so I just asked him to set it down on that table closest to me telling him I guess my husband would have to come back in eventually (once we never appeared outside.  LOL).  

So, I fill my fountain drink and go to sit down when **BANG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**  The same idiot had opened the bottled beverage refrigerator and carelessly knocked a bottle off the shelf shattering it within a few feet of us.  I noticed some glass in the lower basket part of our stroller (WHICH MY BABY WAS SITTING IN @ THE TIME).  I was so worried the baby could have been cut or that some glass may have gotten into the upper part of the stroller.  Luckily, he was alright and since he was facing the other direction, was not harmed.  

YEP . . . I think I'm finished with this place.  Too bad, because the bagels aren't bad. . . just that employee.
This is the best breakfast place around. Period. They are consistent, fast, delicious and very friendly. They also are great caterers.  I would bet there is no friendlier staff in AZ.
Great patio spot!!! Lots of menu options!
One of the best deli's in Phoenix, homemade bagels and bread is amazing and so maby things on the menu are great. Try the chicken scoop salad or TBLT! 
Great staff too, very friendly and quick service.
Delicious family owned and operated deli! Friendly people with tons of menu options. They have a patio that welcomes pets to dine too. My fav is the whole wheat everything flagel (thin bagel) with eggs and turkey sausage!
I am very happy that I have found some decent non chain restaurants up in North Scottsdale! JJ's is a great Deli!

I ordered the Tuna Sandwich and got a side of Cucumber salad.  My coworker got the Dave's Bagelwich. 

My sandwich was delicious!!! My only disappointment was the size of the side. 3 bites and it was gone - would probably be 2 for males. 

Coworker loved her bagel sandwich. 

I do wish they had half sours, but oh well. 

I will be back for sure!
The problem :  Illegals who work there.

The two illegals literally yelled at me when I asked for a cappuccino, repeating my request and then laughing and saying something to each other in Spanish ( derogatory comment no doubt ).

Not a good place for service or quality.
This place gets it. You greeted with a smile. Helped with your order selection. Many options so usually just describe what I want. Good hot coffee. Check back with me to see if I need anything. Meals are delicious and generous.
Amazing breakfast burritos that are loaded with eggs/chorizo, cheese and potatoes.  The Omelets and Skillets will leave you very satisfied and full.  Great family ownership and service.
Great breakfast.  Been there a lot and never had a bad meal.  Good iced tea too.
My wife and I love their bagels.  They toast up crispy and every variety has lots of flavor.  Their patio is our favorite Saturday morning coffee and bagel spot in the Valley.

Nice folks inside and their breakfast items are delicious.

Well worth a stop.
BEST TUNA SANDWICH IN THE WORLD.
A stretch - you say? That's because you haven't tried it.

I order mine on sourdough bread, lightly toasted, with a chocolate milk (homemade, creamy and scary-good) or Seattle's Best Coffee. 
Note: This morning I failed to mention "lightly" toasted, so the bread was toasted-toasted and shredded allllllll the skin in my mouth on the way down. Still tasty, but worth noting. 

All of the other bites of food I've stolen off my boyfriend's plate are pretty good too .. more classic type breakfast, nothing fancy. He does always order a bagel though because they are made fresh in-house and the seasonings are all the way around the bagel not just on top - crucial. 

They also have a frequent buyers stamp card, which is good for us because we are there all the time it seems.

Anyways, that's all. Eat the tuna - Tom's Terrific Tuna is it's official title. You're welcome!
Their omelets are phenomenal!!! I highly recommend them... The eggs and ingredients are always so fresh and delicious! And the potatoes are Mmm -- so good!!!
Well, we have continued to go to J.J.'s though I have NOT wanted to go there.  This has been due to convenience ONLY for the most part since it is only about 2 miles from our home and there are no other bagel shops even close to near by.

I must say the majority of the employees continue to not really seem to care one way or the other if we are there or not which still annoys and disappoints me.

However, there is one gentleman who buses the tables (who happens to be Hispanic) who is great, always welcoming when he's there and services us, and stands out among the rest of the crowd there.  I was so impressed with him in fact that I went out of my way to give him a $25 American Express gift card for Xmas and that's saying a lot since everyone knows in general I have not been overly impressed by the customer service at this place.

I also increased my # of stars because the last 3 or 4 times we've been there, a gray-haired lean gentleman has been there managing things.  I'm not sure if he's a new morning manager, perhaps the owner, or what the case is with him, but he's also shown a great interest in the fact that we are there and been friendlier.  Service over all has been much better.  Good job J.J.'s.  Must say - IMPROVEMENT NOTED!  :-)
On the days when I want my deli breakfast fix, I don't even consider going to work without hitting JJs first.  Baglewhich with scrambled eggs, bacon, american cheese on a Pumpernickel bagel!!! you haven't lived until you've had it.  Do it now, do it for all of humanity.
Kate S, the lean grey haired gentleman is the owner.  He takes great pride in his restaurant- the food quality, the service and the friendliness of his staff.  JJ's is the BEST restaurant in this area.  I have always had exceptional service and the highest quality of food.  It's obvious by the crowds flocking to JJ's, that it is a great place to go any day for breakfast or lunch.  It is the most accommodating restaurant, whether you are grabbing something quick to go or wanting to lounge around.  The portions are extremely generous and tasty.  Even their catering is top notch.  The staff is incredible, always attentive to their patrons.   It is always clean and the food is delicious.  I will recommend JJs without any hesitation.  So  please Kate S, stop  throwing out your negative comments on a place that is such an asset to North Scottsdale.
Worse lox I've ever had and cost an arm and leg.... I'll never get a lox from this deli again..
A girlfriend introduced me to JJ's, and we've made it a point to share the Cobb Salad and the Santa Fe Grilled Chicken sandwich for our monthly get-togethers.  DELISH
MUST TRY!   You'll come back.  Service is off the charts, friendly & personable.  Food is yummy and they are quick!!!!   Fun and Delicious...great combination.
Very friendly service. I think he owner JJ was the guy who made my iced coffee. Very friendly and helped adjust my coffee to taste. Clean, which is a big plus. I'm coming back to try the bagels tmrw.
Okay, gotta write this quick... I may pass out...

I went to ASU when the old Stan's Metro Deli was on Mill. Loved that place. But it went away like so many good places on Mill, and I moved on.

So I was shocked when I saw a sign for Stan's on Mill driving in to work this morning.  A mirage? An illusion? I had to know, so wandered in for lunch and found out today was their grand opening.

I tried their #1, a triple decker combination of gastrointestinal destruction that puts both pastrami AND corned beef together on rye.  Oh yes, oh sweet yes.  

They were a little crazy on their first day, breaking in a new staff and menu, but they got us all taken care of.  The #1 is now a happy memory, and the...sleepies are... coming... so good, but sooo... mmmm...zzzzzzzz....
With Sucker Punch Sally biting the big one in just a few months, I'm a bit cautious to give my heart away to another new place on Mill. I don't want to get burned again.

That said, we gave Stan's the opening day try today. It was definitely... opening day. The staff was friendly, but everything was a bit chaotic as they're still getting their sea legs under them.

Our sandwiches came out with the wrong bread on them, but that was quickly addressed and taken care of, no big deal, and our waitress Lindsay was extremely nice. 

While things were a bit crazy, everyone was making sure we were taken care of, and we had management and waitresses alike visiting regularly to keep on top of things.

I had the roast beef sandwich with lettuce, mayo, and provolone. The roast beef was nice and rare, and the sandwich was overall quite tasty. It was pretty loaded down with meat, which helps against the $9 cost. That $9 is about on par with Chompie's, who sells a sandwich loaded with even MORE meat for about $11 and a half for $8.

The fries were decent, but definitely of the frozen variety, so nothing to sneeze at there. My friend had the pastrami on onion roll and seemed to enjoy it. He also took down a chocolate milkshake and a slice of chocolate cake that was massive and dense in a way few cakes I've tried are. VERY good cake. (Though they should track down the pie chef from Sucker Punch and have her come in for pie, as they offer none and Sucker Punch's pies were simply the best I had EVER had, ever.)

I wasn't terribly impressed with my macaroni salad, but it's macaroni salad--I don't know where you go to make it fantastic, you know?

I'm going to give these guys another couple of weeks to get the swing of things and give it another shot. They have a bunch of stuff on the menu I'm happy is in walking distance from my office, like a basic egg salad, grilled cheese, tuna salad, regular salads, burgers, pizzas, deli sandwiches, and breakfast served all day--no launching with a half or partial menu at all, which I take to be a good sign.

The staff is very friendly and they seem to really want to hit the ground running. They're also open til 10 every night and til midnight on weekends, which is pretty darn wise of them. Rumor has it, they'll be adding some form of alcohol by September, so we'll see how that rolls. I'd be surprised if they didn't extend to stay open for the last call crowd once school starts up.

Overall, a good experience with friendly people, and I'm betting it only gets better.
Having had some bad luck lately with the "sit down" establishments on Mill, we were hesitant to devote another hour (sometimes longer) to a new place - but were certainly pleased that we did. 

Having the lunch time breakfast cravings, we hit up Stan's had were greeted with prompt, friendly service from all staff members, including the enthusiastic catering manager and received our food in a timely manner, ordered correct, refills before we could anticipate needing them and split checks to round out the experience. 

The food was VERY good and they were very flexible on substituting when my taste desired french toast instead of pancakes with my combo - at no charge! 

My bacon was slightly burnt, but nothing is wrong with crispy bacon. A quote from one of our lunch crew "I will never eat the omelet at Sucker Punch Sally's after this" - I say quite the compliment. 

GO Stan's! We hope you hang in there for the long haul!
I've been to downtown Tempe a lot since moving to Tempe in 1994. I don't know how long Stan's has been on Mill Avenue, but this place is GREAT!! I took the light rail from downtown Phoenix and exited on Mill. I began walking south on Mill Avenue, craving a good submarine sandwich. I think I've passed Stan's many times, never knowing it was there. I walked in and was shocked that other than 3 guys sitting at 1 table, the place was empty. I was promptly greeted and I asked if I could get something to go. She handed me a menu, and I asked her recommendation between the turkey or roast beef. She recommended the turkey, which I ordered. What a sub! It was by far, one of the best submarine sandwiches I have ever tasted. The reason I was shocked that the place was nearly empty was this was the first week of school for ASU. As I said, I don't know how long Stan's has been open, but their quality of food is fantastic, and in the poor economy, I hope they make it. It's a great place, with a great menu and variety of food. They are open for breakfast, too.
Check this out...I JUST HAD A RUBEN FOR BREAKFAST!!!!! 
I saw the article about this place in the Tempe newspaper. We were already heading to the Healing Field at Tempe Town Lake9/11/10 and wanted to stop for breakfast. We had the dogs with us so choices were limited. My boyfriend went into Stan's and they let us sit on the patio with the pups. 
They serve their entire menu all day. I'm not a huge eggs and bacon kind of person so I love having something a little different in the morning. 
I ordered the Ruben and allowed Kelly the waitress (who was fabulous) to choose the side. 
The food took a little while to arrive. 
When it did...Holy Cow!!! 
My sandwich was huge and she brought all three sides so we could taste them all. That is great customer service! My favorite was the slaw, then potato salad. 
The food was fabulous and the staff was more than accommodating. The owner stopped by our table and chatted awhile. 

I will no doubt be back. Thank you so much Stan's for the wonderful start to my day!
I read an article about Stan's in the Tempe Tribune the morning of September 11th.  Anna M and I were looking to take the dogs with us to breakfast and then to the Healing Field Memorial at Tempe Town Lake.

We got there for breakfast and decided lunch sounded better (especially at a deli).  Anna M had a Ruben and I had the "Gil's Grill."  The "Gil's Grill" was grilled bacon, avocado, tomato and blue cheese.  Instead of rye, I choose sourdough.  Okay, so with most sandwiches like this, you expect the kitchen to skimp on one ingredient or another.  Not the case.  Every last bite had every delicious flavor of the sandwich.  Bacon, Avocado and Blue Cheese, a true weakness of mine!

Anna M asked our server, Kelly at the Deli (who worked for the original Stan's Deli 12 years ago) to choose one of the three sides to bring.  So Kelly brought them all!  Along with fries.  The potato salad, macaroni salad and cole slaw were each good.  The fries, I would pass on next time.

The dogs were welcomed with open arms, and provided with ice water.  

Great times and great food.  Thanks Kelly!
It was like some warped social experiment to see how long tables would wait to receive their order before cutting their losses and calling it quits. Maybe the Psych Department at ASU rented it out for an afternoon and we were the guinea pigs. 

Instead of going on a subjective rant, I'll try and let the facts of our experience speak:
-We did not see our waitress the entire time.
-Some guy took our order to "help out with the food order." He seemed like a manager since he was the absolute, only person in the restaurant moving quickly and with purpose.
-We waited 40 minutes with a couple glasses of water and no food. 
-We flagged down a waitress (unknowing if it was ours or not) occasionally to inquire, and were placated to wait "just a little longer" each time.
-Eventually, we had to leave hungry because it was a work day and we were under time constraints.
-Two other tables that came in after us were served long before this 40 minute mark.

Observations of how other tables were treated during this 40 minute tease (and it's grim):
-A four-top next to us spent 10 minutes settling the bill, because of an mind-blowing break down in communication that resulted in black books going back-and-forth-and-back-again a ridiculous number of times.
-About eight plates were sent back to the kitchen because the orders were wrong.
-The hostess had a reuben with pasta salad and spent a couple minutes wandering aimlessly for its home, asking numerous tables if it was theirs. (Not the only incidence of this happening.)
-We observed two other tables of business casual individuals leave before their food had a chance to arrive, for (what we can only assume was) the same reason that we had to.
-The hostess had to ask a four-top of people that already had drinks and some food to move to a different location in the restaurant in order to accommodate another party that just entered.
-People began to pile up at the door to be seated and had to wait it out. Some just left.
-The hostess began seating people with the warning that "The kitchen is like, really, super backed up right now, so it'll be like, 30-40 minutes to get your food. Is that okay?" (Would have been nice to get that warning and avoid the experience.)
-The wait staff just kind of ran around like (well-intentioned) chickens with their heads cut off. Lots of panic, not much action.
-Several tables were left un-bussed for a pretty long spell.
-There was one woman (seemed like management) that just kind of moseyed all over the place without doing anything other than fill a couple water glasses.
-We didn't see the manager again. (Probably a good thing since the kitchen was so backed up, but placating a restless public would have been smart too.)

Why I don't understand the clusterduck:
-It's prepped sandwich ingredients.
-It's prepped scoops of mayo-based salads on the side.
-Or it's a quick fry drop away from a basket of crispy fries.
-It's prepped salad ingredients.
-It's prepped soups.
-And it's breakfast items, which require a minimum of time on the grill: no elaborate egg strata or baked french toast here. 

I'm going to commit a cardinal Yelp sin here by saying the following, but I've worked at delis before. It's slop and drop. Something might require a bit of time on the grill, but for the most part, assemble and go. If you've been to Waffle House you've seen the breakfast version. If you've been to Miracle Mile, you've seen it deli-style. It's practically cafeteria line-order fare. 

For the prices of the offerings and the extraordinarily poor service, I just don't get why anyone comes here for lunch. (And it's only open for breakfast and lunch.)

Get yourself some veteran hosts, servers and line cooks, Stan.

(They get an extra star because I ate breakfast there once-- like most of the reviews on here-- and it was pretty good.)
Food wasn't bad... I've been in there three times now.  Love having a good breakfast place on Mill.  So why only 2 stars?  SLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW.  The last two times I went, it was incredible how long everything took.  And while it wasn't insanely busy, the staff were literally running around... sometimes carrying full plates!?  Waited about 20 minutes after sitting down to get that "Has anybody helped you yet?", and then it took well over an hour to get any food.  If they would just tell you at the front counter that the wait was over an hour, I'd be fine with that.  Pretty much exact same experience 2 times in a row, but like I said I'm a sucker for a breakfast joint.  Maybe 3rd time is the charm?
Not sure where Stan is from but where I'm from, a Deli is not a restaurant.... it is a deli. 

 Minus 1 star for deceiving me into expecting a legit Deli to appear on Mill.

minus 1 Star for not understanding what no cheese and no mayo means.

There are many places we have from where I'm from that has the gimmick of 3 pieces of bread.  They are called diners, not delis.  

With only 3 other tables needing service I also expected a more attentive server that saw my tea was empty or notice that we needed more napkins because mayo and cheese occupied the original ones. 

Even the thank you from the owner/manager was delayed, we were 100ft down the street when he hollered at us.  Hopefully they get it together, I do like independent spots on Mill, but I'm not so sure about a non-Deli Deli being the answer.
Good service, pretty good food, long wait for your meal.

Went here for a late breakfast and our waitress was apologetic and mentioned that our meal would probably take 20-30 minutes to make because they were backed up with orders in the kitchen.  They brought out a fruit plate for free, which had fresh, sweet pineapple and melon, to tide us over until our breakfast came in, which was nice.  I had ordered an iced coffee, and when it came out, I was confused because it looked like iced tea.  Turns out, it was just really watery coffee with ice cubes in it= blegh.  

Our breakfasts were both hearty, fresh, and flavorful.  Portions were large.  I had the corned beef hash, made with freshly torn up pieces of corned beef, onions, and potatoes, and poached eggs.  The rye toast that came with it was very nice as well.  Usually I pay no attention really to toast that comes with my meal, but this toast seemed better than others, since it was perfectly grilled and had the right amount of crispiness.  Prices were ok for breakfast considering the amount of food we received.  Generally everything on the menu is less than $10 for breakfast.

Would I go here again?  Maybe, if I'm in the mood for deli food or a sit-down breakfast and I'm in the downtown Tempe area to start with, but I probably wouldn't venture out to Mill Ave. just to eat here.
I meet a friend for lunch at Stan's Metro Deli on 10/13/2010. We chose Stan's becaues it is next to impossibe to get a good Reuben in metro Phoenix and Stan's claims to havea "great" Rueben. 
The first thing I noticed after being seated was how loud the restaurant was. At 11:40 AM and with only 7 tables/booths with customers, it was a strain to talk over the music and television. When the place filled with lunch customer, ten minutes later, the din was like a sports bar at/on Monday Night Football. 
A classic reuben has corned beef, swiss cheese, sauerkraut and russian dressing and grilled between slices of rye bread. Those ingredients are a given. My so called reuben was missing the swiss cheese and russian dressing. So back it went.to be reunited with all ingerdients.
Taste wise,  I can only say that it was an "OK" Reuben. Granted they did not skimp on the corned beef but other than that it was tasteless. I could not taste russian dressing nor the sauerkraut. If Stan's improved the quality of the dressing and bought a sauerkraut with crunch and flavor, their Reuben would be much better.  
 Very disappointed in Stan's. I would give it a 4 out of  10. The service while good, was also overattentive, I did not need to be asked " how are you guys doing", 7 times.
Came here after not wanting to kill my battery or waste gas. Seated quickly place had a few people. It was a gorgeous day so I wanted to sit outside. Ordered Mikes eye opener and sub'd fresh jalapenos in place of green peppers. Egg whites, tomato, jalapeno, avocado, wheat toast and home fries. The cheese(Swiss) really made this plate. It was bland but I really enjoyed the flavor of the cheese. Jalapenos were perfect medium. Home fries were made with onion, seasoning and they were cooked perfectly. Not too bad. This place is mediocre. Menu was rather large and displayed a huge selection for breakfast and the rest of the day. Coffee was fair. All in all I may return .
I'm a bit late to the party on the this as I just heard about Stan's last week. Being a 13 year Mill rat veteran I am always excited when we have new lunch time options. Went with a coworker around noon on a Thursday and we were greeted when we entered and promptly seated. I was impressed with the menu, breakfast all day?! Hurray! I would have loved this when I was in college. 

Being lunch time I flipped to the sandwich part of the menu  and ordered Karsten's Traditional Favorite ($9.50), a turkey breast with cranberry and stuffing on rye. Holy Thanksgiving this sammy was delicious. I could have ate a pound of the stuffing alone. Did I mention this thing was humongous? 

Our waitress was friendly and fast, dropping our check off and getting us out the door I about 45 minutes. I hope Stan's sticks around because there were about 5 other delicious looking dishes I can't wait to try. I'm going with 4 stars, great food, huge variety of choices, prompt service. Doesn't get much better for a fast lunch in Tempe.
I have since been back twice, once for breakfast and another time for lunch. Stan, thank you for sacking whoever was dicking off the thing last time I came in to visit.

"That'll do, Pig. That'll do." Seal of Approval.
welcome back.  Had been at their fathers place many years ago.
Corn beef was hot and the rye bread wash fresh.  Fries, pickles, diet coke, and NY size deserts. What better way to grab a sandwich after a baseball game.  we got off the light rail ate and got back on.
Skip this place. Overpriced, not very good and strange people.
Decided to try this play after driving by. Very blah inside...was greeted and seated right away. Had typical deli meals..roast beef, pastrami, lox, etc...we went for breakfast. I ordered French toast, gf ordered hash. French toast came with a bagel and hash came with toast, home fries, and 2 eggs. French toast was great by itself(cinnamon and fluffy). Bagel was
Mediocre. Hash looked ground and brown. It tasted, I guess, a bit old. Home fries were really good had sauteed onion. 

Now on to the real issue..two tables
Next to us were ready whispering (complaining). Made me wonder. Guess the server forgot to add sausage but assured him it would be ready when his pancakes were. Guess what! Pancakes came out but the sausage didn't. Owner came and rectified the situation. Our server seemed a little overwhelmed. She was okay, seemed timid but she got everything right so. I would come back for lunch or dinner..the egg sandwiches looked good.
There is nothing in there but old people. The waitresses are weird. I got a burger and it was sooo greasy the only thing good about was the fries. My friend got a salad and the croutons were stale and they ended up not charging us for it. Will NEVER go there again. The prices are way too expensive also.
This deli is only mediocre. Their menu prices seem a little too high for the quality of food and service. I doubt if I will return.
As a local business owner, I also am a BIG local business supporter. What comes around goes around I hope. My daughter and I are deli freeks, nothing like a BIG OL sandwich. Been there 3 times, everytime has been great. Archies is 3 for 3 with us....we'll be back!!!
Went here today for the first time. I've been watching that Village Inn sit vacant for what seems like years, and now there's finally something there to take it's place. I'm a fan of always giving new places a try, so while my coworker and I were looking for a place to eat today we decided to stop in and check it out. 

The inside still looks like a Village Inn. I think they might've painted a bit, but the booths and fixtures are all old and you can tell they've been there for a while. But that's not a big deal, after all, I've eaten quality food at far worse looking restaurants. 

The waitresses were all very friendly and we were seated promptly. I was surprised by the large selection of items on the menu. They had the full gambit from a variety of breakfast offerings to a ton of different sandwiches and dinner entres as well. 

I figured since this is a deli I would base my first judgement on the quality of their sandwiches. I ordered the Ham Feast sandwich. The bread was fresh, the bacon was cooked perfectly and the tomato was ripe. The flavor of the Ham was very good and high quality. Overall the sandwich was very good. I was a little worried that $10.50 was too much for a sandwich, but I wasn't at all disappointed by the quality or freshness. The fries that were served with the sandwich were thick and very fresh. Nice and crisp just like a French fry should be. 

I'm interested in trying their breakfast fare as it seemed like they have some really good options. 

The atmosphere was a little bit stale for my tastes. They were playing some old school rat pack type stuff. That along with the old interior made the place much more suited for the older person type crowd. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but if you're expecting a jasons deli type of contemporary atmosphere, this place doens't have it. 

Overall, I give the place 4 stars because the food was great, and I just haven't had the chance to sample the rest of their menu yet. I'll hold out on giving them another star until I see if their quality holds up across the rest of the menu. Give it a visit, at the very least you'll enjoy your lunch :)
Archie's started in Surprise in 2006, and just recently opened this location back in October. After hearing positive comments about this place from a co-worker, we gathered the troops and headed over there yesterday to give them a test drive.

The Tempe location is essentially an old Village Inn restaurant that they appear to be converting into a deli. We arrived unannounced with a party of 8 and the staff was quick to push some tables together to accommodate our group.

The staff here is friendly and the service was good. Once we got settled, our server put some pickles out on the table to snack on while she took our drink orders.

The menu options here are limitless...we had a hard time making a choice. I finally settled on Dutchy's Pastrami Deluxe - which just about put me into a culinary coma. I have not had a sandwich this good in a long time. If you are a Miracle Mile/Carnegie Deli fan, then this place is for you. The size of the sandwiches are HUGE, so unless you walk in with a big appetite, I highly suggest you order a half-sandwich unless you plan on bringing part of your lunch home in a box. I had to laugh when I saw an option on the menu to double the meat for an additional $4.50 - I don't know who could possibly put down that amount of food (unless you were attempting to imitate an episode of Man vs. Food).

The pastrami was perfectly seasoned/cooked and the bread was very fresh. You get your choice of fries or potato salad as a side - both of which received kudos from our party.

Afterwards, the manager stopped by to ensure everything was good and our server was kind enough to break our checks out individually (which she offered to do upfront without us asking).

I will be honest - I'm somewhat picky when it comes to deli's. Jason's for me is okay, but nothing special. I can make a comparable sandwich at home, so there is nothing unique to draw me there. Gandolfo's NY Deli has also left me unimpressed.

I would highly recommend Archie's to anyone for some excellent NY deli-style sandwiches...just bring a big appetite with you. Move over, Chompies...you have some competition.
Ate here for the first time today!  Wow, the food was so yummy!  The pickles were some of the best I've had in a long time.  The wait staff was friendly and very helpful.  The homemade mozzarella cheese was very tasty.  One word of warning...the sandwiches are huge!  Go there hungry.
Went here with my mother and father earlier this week.  It absolutly still looks like a Village Inn, and the cavernous nature, when there are only a few tables full, is a litlte bizarre.  Basically, wherever you sit, you can see the entire restaurant.  I don't like that.

The service was good.  We ordered a couple of Dr. Brown's and sat back to decipher the menu.  Lots of good Jewish food on there.  Mom and Dad opted to split a reuben.  My father is notorious for ordering Reubens then saying "It's not as good as Stan's," an old deli is Scottsdale.  

I got the meat platter, which had corned beef, pastrami, and tounge, as well swiss, potato salad and cole slaw.  I knew it was going to be way too much food, but I figured I'd get a taste of everything.  

I ordered some kugel, which we ate as an appetizer.  The server asked me if i wanted it cold or microwaved.  I would much prefer "would you like it cold or warm."  I don't want to know you're just going to nuke it.  I'd prefer to think it came straight out of the oven.  I have to say, the kugel is outstanding.  

The meat was quite good, though a touch dry. Pastrami had good fat content and look good.  The corned beef had nice marbling and a good flavor.  The tounge, whch I don't normally eat, was also good.  The salads were workable as well.  Dad seemed to enjoy his reuben, and didn't make any negative comments, which means it was excellent.  

Overall, the experience was good, but it was slow.  I'm sure it doesn't help that they don't even have a lighted sign (mom and dad drove right past it).  It looks like a work in process inside, but the food seems to be on the money.
Today a couple of coworkers and I decided to dine at Archies, one of which had never been there before. Because the sandwich I got the first time was so good, I figured hey, let's go to Archies and I'll get a half of a sandwich and you can tell me what you think.  

If you've been to Archies, you know the whole sandwiches are large and very tasty. You can read my first review for the details on that. However, if you're in the mood to save 3 or 4 bucks, or aren't entirely hungry for a giant sandwich, I suggest you head to paradise bakery or pretty much anywhere else if all you're looking for is a half. You'll see why below.

The menu selection for a half a sandwich and a side was considerably smaller than the regular sandwiches, and they come with fries or coleslaw etc... The prices range from $6-7.5, which isn't too bad.  

However, this is where the bad comes in. We all ordered half sandwiches: ham, turkey, and pastrami. When we received the sandwiches we all had the OK...  :-\ sad face look. The sandwich was nothing but some slices of meat in between two pieces of rye bread. They didn't come with any condiments at all, no cheese, no lettuce, no tomatoes or mayonnaise, nothing. Nor were we offered any condiments. I don't know if it's the fault of the waitress for not asking us what we wanted on our sandwiches (or our fault for assuming a sandwich would come with condiments), or if they just don't offer it, but that's something that's kind of important for a sandwich, otherwise it's not even a sandwich, it's bread and meat, like a giant size lunchable served with fries. Nor were we given the choice of bread type. I don't know if you've tried it, but Ham on Rye isn't exactly the best combo. Besides the apparent lack of variety, the bread seemed freshly baked, but was rather chewy and the crust was near inedible due to the sheer amount of force required to rip it. I felt like a little kid eating inside the crust lines of a pb and j sandwich (with more of a wince than the smile you get from the sweetness of jelly). 

Sadly, I get the feeling that the half sandwich menu is designed to make you think you're getting a deal, however, it's designed to be the highest profit margin section of the sandwich menu with no expensive extras like cheese or vegetables on the sandwich. Until this place offers half of a "true" sandwich, I won't be coming back. The sad excuse for a sandwich was not a good first impression for my other co worker, and I doubt he'll stop by again any time soon. 

Unless you're catering to the senior crowd with no taste buds, your second half of your sandwich menu needs an overhaul. Step it up Archies, your new location is in a deserted shopping center, and I'd hate to see you be just another mark on the hit list of struggling/soon to be closing mom and pop shops.
I found Archies far better then the big name deli in town (chompies)
great food and help
If you try it once ,you will come back for more
Can't go wrong with a sandwich here! Turkey Reuben was perfectly grilled and just the right amount of coleslaw & sauce. Love their potato salad and fries.

The service was good and everything I tasted was great.  Why 3 stars you ask?  The decor is weak and the prices are high.  I don't think they can compete with Chompies & Jason's Deli.  We went on a Friday night and it was pretty dead.  It seems their take-out business is busy though, they were very busy packing up orders to go.
After 2 recent visits to Archie's I decided to yelp about this place because they are pretty awesome. I used to eat at this place when it was a village inn , so theres a bit of nostalgia. I'm not sure if they are considered a "Jewish" deli but they have all sort of yummy Jewish specialties like Kugel and Matzo ball soup. Anyway, I've had their "Dutchy's" Pastrami Deluxe sandwich and it was to die for. Home-made toasted rye bread, excellent russian dressing, some of the best cole-slaw I have ever had, and the hot pastrami was piled at least 4 inches high. The thing that made the sandwich standout so much was the fact that the pastrami was no fatty or chewy, but still melted in your mouth. The french fries were thick-cut and seasoned with kosher salt, pretty solid but the side of ranch dressing I got was sub-par. 

On my next visit I had a cheese-steak hoagie. This thing was massive, and the steak was juicy and tender despite the meat being lean and not fatty. It was served on a nice sesame wheat bun. 

My dad had their matzo ball soup which is homemade and light and tasty, unlike allot of places where the matzo ball is dense and boring. He also had half of a Reuben and it was just as generous as the full-size sandwich except cut in half. Their corned-beef is excellent and not fatty or greasy like their other meats.   

On both visits the service was prompt and friendly and our drinks were kept refilled constantly. On the first visit our really new waiter made a couple goofs but fixed his errors quickly enough. 

The thing I like the most about this place is that it beats the crap out of Chompie's (another popular "Jewish" deli/diner), in my opinion. I've been going to Chompie's for many, many years and we have almost always had bad, painstakingly slow service and borderline rude wait-staff. You would think they would fix it but our complaints have always fallen on deaf-ears.  I can walk into Archie's and get immediately waited on, then have yummy food in under 15 minutes. 

They also have tons of home-made and imported baked goodies. I can attest that they brownie was pretty awesome. I want to try their breakfast and their bagels which are imported from NY apparently. 

Very, very solid place, almost perfect, the food is great but the decor and tables could use updating, the new wait-staff will get better over time as well I'm sure.
Randomly decided to eat here after a failed attempt at the Farmer's Market down the street...sandwiches were tasty, but not sure about $11 each tasty?! We had a club and some sort of turkey sandwich w/roasted onions, both with sides of fries. 
Before you order they set down a bowl of pickled green tomatoes and pickles. As my friend said: they're trying to hard to make a special pickle. Maybe you just crack open a jar of Vlasic's.
Now, the service absolutely sucked. No drink refills and nobody cared how we were doing or if we liked the food. We had to venture behind the counter ourselves to find a to-go box and paying the check took forrrrrrever! Had we pulled a dine and dash, nobody would've noticed.
We decided to take dessert with us--which involved browsing at the counter. Now, suddenly, there were 4 people at the counter hovering. It became so awkward that we just chose something and left.
Not too sure what red velvet is actually supposed to taste like, but this cupcake had absolutely no flavor. Nothing. Mixed opinions on the cream cheese frosting. The macaroon was pretty yummy overall.
OK I Grew up in LA and there are plenty good Deli's, here in Phoenix there are only a few, and Archie's is one of them.  The 1/2 sour pickles are great, then comes the Matzo Ball soup (Yes they float), made me feel like grandma just made it for me.  Lets talk Meat The "Double Jeopardy" Holds 1/2 LB of Pastrami and 1/2 lb of Coned beef on 2 slices of rye with a slice of Pumpernickel in the middle. One of the best Sandwiches I ever had! Sorry no room for desert, but don't let that stop you.
The only reason I know about this place is because a groupon was offered a few months back. I used to live in this area of Tempe but never noticed this place before, even though its in a pretty big building. I was expecting it to be in like a strip mall and a smaller space. I looked at the menu before going and the vegetarian sandwiches sounded pretty good. And there was more than one, so I figured why not try it out. I would have been better off skipping this one.

So my husband and I went in about 6pm and we were the only people in there, which always makes me uncomfortable. My husband asked the guy if its always this dead and he didn't really give us an answer which makes me believe that the staff doesn't have much to do all day. Three more parties came in while we were still there. The service was fast, I'll give them that. I have been to some places before where its been pretty dead, and the service is slower than it should be. So the girl comes out with a plate of pickles and takes our drink order. My husband tasted the pickles first and told me they were super salty. So I tasted them, and they tasted like they were dipped in salt. There were also a couple wedges of what looked like tomato? But I was too afraid to try them to be sure. Then she comes back and takes our order. I got a vegetarian hash with some rye toast. I thought all sandwiches came with a side, but mine didn't. Which is fine, I wasn't that hungry anyway. My husband got a mozzarella, tomato, and italian bread sandwich with a side of fries. My hash was not what I thought it would be. When you think of a hash, you think crispy potatoes, full of veggies, and just really tasty. Mine was none of those things. It was mushy potatoes, and little tiny bits of vegetables. The rye was decent. Nothing special. My husbands sandwich was better than mine. I wish I had gotten something else. The waitress even asked how it was, and I told her it wasn't anything special.

Most of the sandwiches are really overpriced. Most of the non vegetarian sandwiches were around $11, which seems really steep for this kind of place. Maybe they have to make up for the fact that they have no business? I don't know. This place would probably do better in an only take out environment in a smaller space and lowered the price of their sandwiches to a more reasonable price. 

I doubt I will be back unless someone else pays for the meal. The food was not good enough that I was like "I need to come back here tomorrow!" and it was really expensive for what it was, even though the portions were pretty big.
The good- I've finally found a real Jewish deli in Arizona.  Coming from California I was spoiled by the Katella Deli.  The food was great with great variety.

The bad- I got a Yelp coupon for 10% off and the waitress forgot to apply it.  Then when I asked her to fix it and add a cupcake to go, she still forgot to apply it.

Overall- well worth it if you're jonesing for generous sandwiches.
The sandwiches are tasty! The portions are huge, fries are delish and the service is pretty good. The counter display in the front is a little sad but everything else was great. This is a great place for me because its close by and quick. No more fast food junk. Yay! Be sure to mention yelp and get half off a second full sandwich. :D
Mixed reviews on this board, but I enjoyed my food and my server was beyond excellent. I had a barbecued brisket sandwich on rye with coleslaw on the sandwich. I also had some Latkes which were cooked perfectly. Iced tea was constantly refilled. I do agree with other reviewers that t was all a buck or two more than I would like to spend on a sandwich. And the atmosphere was a little sanitized as well... a little too cold, or open-air, or something. But the menu is pretty extensive and you can find pretty much anything you're hankerin' for.
I have been looking for a New York style deli like Katz's where the pastrami is made in house, etc.. Still have not found it but Archies will do in a pinch. I tried the JP Pastrami on rye with mustard and it was big and tasty. I also tried the cheese steak hoagie. The hoagie was big and well made with lettuce, onions, tomato and all but the beef was a bit chewy. Not the highest quality meat but over all a tasty sandwich that was so big I could only eat half. The cole slaw is pretty good too. I will return to try something else. Archies will be my go to deli when I'm not feeling Jason's. I'll continue to look for a deli with meats made in house and sliced thick and juicy. OK, I've made myself hungry so maybe another trip to Archies is in order. Oh, I almost forgot, they are a little pricey.
Stale bread, WAYYYYYYY to expensive for what they are really offering.  If you want an expensive Jewish Deli, go to Chompies.  At least their pickles and food are good!  I have been to Archie's 3 times, apparently because I am a glutton for punishment and they are close to my work...  Over and over again, too expensive, not fresh or flavorful, and this time we even had a poor waitress.  Poor girl, probably couldn't get behind the terrible and overpriced food...
This place is closed. I got a refund on my Groupon. Perhaps the one in Surprise is still in business (?), but I'm in Ahwatukee, and there's no way I'm driving that far, especially with the poor reviews others have given this location. I checked their website, and there is no indication there that the Tempe location is closed.
Finally decided to check this place out after driving by it everyday on the way to work. When I pulled up I could see signs on the door stating they have closed, I assume for good.  Odd since I checked out their website before visiting and it gives no indication that the Tempe location is closed, I wonder if the other location is done for also?  I called their number on my cell phone and it came back as disconnected.  I'll notify yelp next.
So good and best chicken liver!!!!!
So I work in the air park and get pretty tired of the selection and the prices. 

So I see a place opened up called Jimmy John's. I had no idea what it was, with a name like that I was expecting BBQ or a hot dog place, but this wasn't the case. 

It was sub sandwiches. TASTY and cheap sandwiches at that. 

So I strolled in there today at lunch rush, I placed my order, I had 2 sammies and a pickle to go. I ask them if they are going to call my name or a order number, the guy at the register says they will call out my sandwich. Ok. 

I go over to the pick up area. They call out my first sandwich, and just toss it on the counter, I ask for a bag, a girl behind the counter barks at me to just grab a bag (there is a pile of bags behind the counter with in customers reach) So I grab a bag and bag up my first sandwich. A few other people have now gathered around the pick up area....My next sandwich is called out w/ a pickle. As I go to reach for it another guy reaches for it as well....I almost had to play rock, paper, scissors for my lunch as he had ordered the same exact thing....they REALLLLLLY need to have a better system, like say, call out the order numbers that the register generates right there on the receipt vs. calling out what sandwich is up, just on the slight chance that two people ordered the same exact thing. Lucky for him he was a gentleman and let me take the sandwich and pickle and wait for the next one to come up. 

I would have given them 5 stars, but the whole sandwich pick up system is such a cluster f*ck.
This place has great bread. Really fresh and chewy. The food is served fast and the price seems to be pretty good as well. The only 2 things that keep it from a 5 star is that the subs seem to lack originality, and they don't deliver late-night at this location. It reminds me a bit of Silvermine Subs and is maybe even a little better as far as taste.  The lettuce wrap subs are very original to this place. Although I would never eat one, my girlfriend was a fan.
Best sub place in North Scottsdale. 

The french bread is awesome. Haven't tried the 7 grain bread yet but will do so soon. The meat and veggies are extremely fresh and tasty. 

The menu choices are simple but what they do, they do extremely well. The price and portions are right and it is a much better alternative for a quick healthy lunch than going to Subway or Quizno's.

The sandwich pickup process leaves a little to be desired but they do make the sandwiches extremely quick so you're not left waiting very long.
One of the things I miss from the Midwest is the choices available in gourmet sandwich shops. I've always thought there must be something in the water, but after reading the business section for many years you realize that the old adage about selling something in Peoria, IL is correct. Can you say test market? 

The greater Chicagoland area had Jimmy John's, Jersey Mikes, Pot Bellies, Quizno's, et cetera over ten years ago. But, if you wait long enough sometimes things come to you. Jimmy's John's for the most part is a college sub shop (started many years ago in Elgin).  Which makes sense, because if you wanted one of their subs up until now you needed to drive down to Tempe and ASU.  But, that doesn't mean they're making poor quality subs -- they're actually making GREAT subs!

Their sandwiches are fresh, they use quality meats and seem to have learned the art of self-humor in their marketing: "Subs so fast, you'll freak!"  They actually merchandise this stuff!  Also, when you go, make sure you read their signage on the walls.   It's really very funny.

Great, great sandwiches -- Enjoy!

Now, all I need to do is wait a little longer for Pot Belly and Lou Malnati's to come to the Valley!  Hum, anyone want to take the over/under bet of 5 years?
Yum.   My girlfriend who is from Chicago initially introduced me to this place.     For the longest time it was a once-in-awhile treat whenever I went down to Tucson but now its finally here, just down the street.    Now that there are Jimmy John's in the Valley, there is absolutely no good reason to go to Subway whatsoever.     Better bread, better meat, better cheese, Jimmy Johns is awesome!
Meh. 
This whole pick up system they have is reallllllllly getting to me. WHY is it so hard to call out an order number, or a customers name? 

Today I go in and place my order. I pay with a card. The guy yells next while I am still standing there. I ask if I can have my receipt. He says they will give it to me with my sandwich. 

I go stand by the sandwich window. They call out my sandwich, no receipt. 

I get back to the office. It was my first time ordering the "Vito" It was sooo dry. Also another pet peeve with this place, they don't cut the sandwich in half. You just get this long torpedo of a sandwich. I am a freaken lady trying to eat lunch at my desk, the last thing I need is a huge sandwich hanging out of my mouth when my boss walks in. 

Anyway. this place is OK. I don't see what all the hype is about at all.
My daughter ordered our sandwiches ahead of time. The place was packed around 12:30 PM. So difficult to get to the soda machine which is located where you pick up your sandwiches. Other than that, I loved the french bread and everything in it was fresh. I ordered the Vito sandwich which had Genoa salami, provolone, capicola, onion, lettuce and tomato topped with an Italian vinaigrette which I barely tasted.
There own chips are like the Maui chips thick and crunchy. I'll be back to try something different.
Alright...This was my third time going back and I don't think I will be back again, as my ratings keep going down and down. 

The hubs and I were near by and hungry. He had never been so I said we should stop by. 

We get there, there is one other table of people eating, the place is empty and there are NINE employees working. It did not seem like there was a manager working as what transpired was out of control. 

Two male employees are bickering back and forth, LOUDLY...like super loud, we could hear everything that was going on the whole time we were there. I was waiting for fists to fly at any second. You would think if there was a manager on duty, they would have split the two guys up or sent one home early. It was really very uncomfortable. The raised their voices to each other the WHOLE time we were there. 

Next an employee walks in with burgers and fries and hot dogs from Five Guys next door. Employees are all hanging around a table eating and talking and really having a great time. I was floored. None seemed to be on a legitimate break as they would hang around the table, eat, go do some work, then come back and talk and eat. No employee looked to be over the age of 18. 

We go to bite into our sandwiches and it seems that all the distractions really made for poor sandwich making. I ordered a Vegetarian, I open it up and its missing the sprouts. Hubs orders the Vito, and asks them to put mayo on it instead of the dressing.....they opt to put nothing on it. So we both had to take our sandwiches back up and ask them to fix them. 

This was the hubs first time and he never wants to go back there. It was really just not a good experience at all.
My husband picked up the sandwiches and brought them home. The bread is VERY GOOD and you can tell the meats are of high quality. I would go back if I was in the area but the only thing is the subs are very small.
Are you kidding me, this place is great.  Perfectly sized bread, quality ingredients, cool staff.  When I think dream sub, I think italian night club no mayo, and extra peppers.  Don't get no betta!
Oh Jimmy Johns where have you been? I used to eat Jimmy Johns almost every other day in  college.  And I never want to make the trek down to Tempe to get you.  You are by far one of my favorite places to eat.  You trump Subway and Quizno's every single time.  

Every time I go I am never disappointed, the only thing I wish would be different is that I would order two sandwiches instead of one.

OK, but really.  This is an awesome place to get a quick bite to eat.  I love the sandwiches, have never had a bad one.  My all time favorite is the Club LuLu.  Turkey, Bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo.  It's simple, but it's the best.  

Oh and always put jalapeo chips on your sandwich. It makes it that much better.  

So glad that they opened a Scottsdale location, it's close to work, easy to get to.  Only thing you have to worry about is finding a seat because the place is tiny.

I'm not really sure where I ate in Scottsdale before Jimmy Johns.... Did I even eat?
To compare Jimmy John's to Capriotti's would be a crime. Caps are in a class of their own.

To compare it to Subway would be hilarious because Subway's limp soggy sandwiches are ridiculous when compared to a Turkey Tom, a JJ Gargantuan, or a Beach Club, etc.

You know that you are getting a fantastic sub, with fantastic bread. fresh ingredients, at a clean restaurant, and it's prepared in short order. The way it should be. 

This location in particular has plenty of seating, clean bathrooms, friendly staff and easy parking. Perfect for that "after the gun club" moment. 

I'm a fan, and yes, I will go back.
I'm sorry, but the only thing this place has going for it is "free smells"! 

My husband and I came here this past weekend for lunch.  He ordered the Italian whatever they call it and I got the turkey. His sandwich was fine but my turkey was -in my opinion- slimy. I can't stand turkey sandwich meat this way and it's exactly why I don't go to Subway. 

I'd rather spend a little extra and go to Dilly's or Rinaldi's.
Good food and very nice staff. They will even serve you before they open while they are setting up for the day.

Big fan of the beach club wrapped in lettuce.

Be wary though that they get the order right. I have had them, out of habit, accidentally put items on subs that I requested not being on them.
All the buzz is accurate... this is the best chain sub-shop I have ever been to.  It shames places like Subway and Quiznos.  Great freshly-baked bread and just better overall ingredients.
Yes, I love Jimmy John's.  I've been to this location 3 times now.  Every time I go, I say to myself I will try something different....but, I always go with my favorite #9 Italian Club (Genoa Salami, Italian Capicola, Smoked Ham, Provolone Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Mayo, Italian Vinaigrette, $5.50) w/Hot Peppers.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2UQESr5pUBW5hHf6Y0XCIQ?select=KshAeD8SKcWvNRdgFxMjiA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2UQESr5pUBW5hHf6Y0XCIQ?select=WFtxcGoKOzoCR4YFA5yNbA

As usual, they have the Sandwich ready before you can blink.  The Sandwiches at this location are just as good as the other.....it's a very consistent chain and the Sammies are great!

Return Factor - 100%
Terrible. Meat. Terrible.

Terrible. Dressing. Terrible.

Corporate Garbage that Sand Paper Palette Eating People really like. 

NEVER AGAIN!
Super fast service of OK-tasting subs. I've definitely had better, so the signs hanging all over the place that claim that they're "gourmet" is definitely a bit of marketing puffery. Yes, it's gourmet compared to....actually, I think Subway makes a better sub, so I can't really compare it to being more gourmet than anything really. Maybe it's gourmet because they put a ton of sprouts (and lettuce) in the sub? 

I will give the place props for the very speedy service. I ordered my sub and it was handed to me within 1 minute. Another thing I noticed about the place was that it was filled with male patrons. If you're a single lady looking for a manly man, come to Jimmy John's.
My husband and I went last week and had a very disappointing experience. At 5:30 p.m. we were the only customers in the store. Our first discovery was JJ's doesn't offer sweeteners of any kind for their tea.  When asked why, the young man behind the counter said "The owner doesn't believe in sweet tea."  Well, what about a large segment of the customer base?  Then, my sandwich was improperly prepared, so when I asked for a side of mustard- the young man standing behind the counter, chatting with the five idle employees, indicated the owner doesn't "believe in cups for sides."  He then said that they only had mustard in a jar so he couldn't give me any mustard.  What?  While I was only asking for a tablespoon of mustard- if they were unable to provide me with the mustard on the sandwich - they could have offered to make me a new sandwich.  But that would have been "customer service"- something sadly lacking on my visit.  When I asked to speak to the Manager another employee indicated they didn't have a Manager.  One of the signs in the window advertising employment opportunities indicated "Looking for Rock Stars."  I can see why!
Jimmy John's convenience appeals to my geeky tech side. Hellman's Mayo, jalapeno and bbq chips, pickles, bread and cold cuts tickle my taste buds.Whether its walk in location or at-your-discretion gratuity/delivery charge, Jimmy John's convenience can't be beat.

--iPhone app
--Website
--online account lets me save my credit cards, delivery addresses and phone numbers, and i can even name and customize my favorite sandwiches

My favorite is #9, extra onion, light mayo, extra sprouts, plus cucumber.

Jimmy John's is my quick fix for a great sandwich, NOW.
I have never been inside the actual Resturant, but the delivery is out of this world.  I swear, they often deleiver it BEFORE I finish ordering online.  Okay, so it's not that quick, but pretty fast.  It could be because I work almost right behind them, but still, it is awesomely fast.  And it's Good.  Much better than other sub shops.  And the sandwhiches are BIG as well.  IF you order a pickle, make sure you get it in quarters, as the whole one won't fit in your mouth!  Crunchy chips, tasty bread and meat.  What's not to like?  Oh, did I mention they have very quick deleivery?
This review is for Jimmy John's on 33rd Street and Bell Road.  Can't find it on the Yelp listing.  It was my first time buying an italian combo at JJ's.   Here what I found:
1.  The bread is too mealy.
2. Not enough meats and no pepperoni.  An italian sub with NO PEPPERONI?????
     In all fairness, I just noticed on the menu that for another dollar I could have gotten more deli meat. Really, I have to upgrade to get a decent sandwich?  I should have.
3.  They gave me nice hot peppers, but it didn't compensate for the lack of flavor of the sandwich...
Sorry.  I will be going back to Capriotti's.  I really like their italian combo.  There is so much deli meat in them that you can nearly close the sandwich.
Easily the best sub sandwich place in North Scottsdale.  

Bread is generally quite fresh and the ingredients are flavorful. Typically I am very pleased with my order. A much better sub than the flavorless ones from Subway and a vastly superior experience to the stale bread and poor service at Jersey Mike's. Its really not even fair to mention those two in this review as Jimmy John's is vastly superior.

A big bonus is the delivery. Sandwiches are always delivered quickly. 

I always wonder how the other sandwich shops are going to compete with the combination Jimmy John's has going on of good food, great service, low prices and fast delivery.

Well done Jimmy John's!
What a great sub Jimmy John's makes! By far the best I've found since moving from the East Coast. Unfortunately, this particular JJ's is having a hard time living up to the "Subs So Fast You'll Freak" slogan.

In my opinion, 40-mins to deliver is not fast considering we are about 6-mins away. And this has been the norm for the past few weeks. Yes, at one time they were fast... like 10-15 mins on average. But now.... fuggedaboutit! I've spoken to the manager - Chris - twice about this. But alas... our subs took 42-mins again today. 

Outside of that; JJ's subs are fantastic! Packed with ingredients, a great quality bread, and the subs are consistently good. If you go into the shop, it's a well-oiled machine. And there's always an employee sweeping or washing something.

Overall, if you're hungry right now, I'd suggest driving to the shop. Otherwise, if you choose delivery, you might still be hungry in 40-mins.
Have you ever gone to a sandwich shop that won't give you anything on the side with your sandwich?

Well then visit the JJ here on 15425 Scottsdale rd by Kierland ,and when you want your hot peppers or vinegar, or anything else on the side you just won't get  it here.  

What kind of Cheap JA owns this place. Also owns one on Pima and Raintree. Same thing there Wont give you anything on the side. LOL
I just don't get the hype.
I was very dissapointed with jimmy johns. They have a small menu. Then after you order you have to stand by the counter and wait for your order to be called out through the very loud ACDC music playing. I was given my sub without napkins and it was not cut in half. Lastly it was very difficult to eat due to the skinny sub roll and the over stuffing of fixings.
Beach Club baby! Don't mess around with anything else. Turkey, sprouts, lettuce, tomato, mayo, cheese, etc. Jimmy John's is very, very good and you have to love the entertainment on the walls.
Love the bootlegger. Good Sandwich every time.
three stars just becuase if you order after at 2pm or after is takes well over an hour to get your sandwich!!!!!!!!!!  It was warm and yucky.  If I didn't feel so bad for the driver, I would have refused it.
Great subs and service.  Kathryn at the register is awesome.  Super nice and efficient.  Get in and out, all with a smile.  Good work!!
Time to update my review.  This place is one of the regular Sandwich shops in my rotation.  Over the past couple of years, they've made solid Sandwiches and I still order the #9 Italian Club.  Fast, consistent service is the norm here....I give a lot of credit to consistency, especially when it's good.  That's why I keep coming back.

Return Factor - 100%
Ordered a vegetarian
Menu describes it comin w avocado spread
Not drop to b found
No whole rolls
Just bare min
Iceberg lettuce
White tomatoes
On ehite roll
Nuthin gourmet about it
Dont bother
Great sandwiches, especially the Vito and Beach.  Music is bit loud.  Yeah it is a chain and I'm usually not down w that.  But the Vito is so damned good that I'll make an exception.
I experienced the worst delivery service with this location. The guy that delivered my food didn't say one word to me and practically threw my food at me. Had I not ordered online and included the tip in the bill he would've received $0.00 for a tip, I would've given a tip on how to have better customer service. Won't be ordering from this location again.
No mayo!  No mayo!!!  Seriously how hard is that??  The order taker repeated my order back to me correctly, the person handing me my sandwich said "#9, no mayo", the ticket said no mayo, and my sandwich had about half a jar of mayo on it. I got it to go and had to rush back to work, so I could get it fixed. 

This may sound trivial to some, but I'm sure there are many like me for whom mayo makes a sandwich inedible.   And really, it's sort of the minimal standard for a sandwich place.
Love this place. Gets a little crowded at times, but you can't be the price of the slim sandwich. Great bread.
Awesome food, great staff, and super quick service! This is the perfect lunch spot if you're in a hurry but do not want to skimp on quality! Great job JJs
Ordered 2 slim Jim #4 sandwiches. Brought them to my kids & they had lettuce, tomato & mayo in them. $10 in the trash.
For Delivery I received 2 club lettuce head sub. seriously ?! where's the turkey ? oh look I found three slices I paid $7.99 each  I don't think I'll be ordering that again
Saw @ashley B's review and was reminded that this joint just opened on Saturday.  Decided to stop by for dinner and grab a quick bite.

The place is casual dining with 20 or so tables.  You order at the counter and they call your name when your Sub is ready.  After browsing the menu decided on an Italian Sub (Italian Sub - Genoa Salami, Pepperoni, Ham, Provolone Cheese and Italian Dressing sprinkled with Italian Seasonings) $5.59.....with a bag of Chips and a bottle of Water.  Total damage $8.42.

The girl who took my order was very new and took a while to take the order, but she had a huge smile on her face and was very friendly.....how could I not like this place so far?

There were a lot of employees working/getting trained.  My food took around 15 minutes to be prepared.....an employee apologized to me and told me they made my Sandwich wrong the first time, so they had to make a second one.  A) I'm impressed that they cared enough to make it right...some places won't.  B) I'm impressed that an employee cared enough to come and tell me about it rather than have me wait around wondering what happened.

After I finally got my Sandwich, I took a few pics and couldn't wait to dive in.....it looked soo good.  After I took my 1st bite, I fell in love with it.....the combination of Meat, melted Cheese, and Italian Dressing/Seasoning made this Sub taste so good with the toasted Italian Roll.  The Jalapeno Chips went well with the Sandwich too.

Despite the hiccups because of the new employees, it was a great experience.  They've only been open 3 days and I really like the attitude of the employees.  I hope they make it.

Will I return?  You can bet on it!
Couldn't resist coming back here to try more of their Subs.  Last visit, I got an Italian Sub.  This visit, I got a New York Steamer (Pastrami, Corned Beef, and Monterrey Jack Cheese) w/Jalapeno Chips and a Soda.....yeah, I normally don't get Soda, but they have Coke Zero on the fountain here....so I caved, damn!

As I was waiting for my food, I noticed a huge selection of Hot Sauce! (see pics)  How did I miss that last time?  Seriously, I think I'm in Heaven!  They even have 3 different flavors of one of my favorite Hot Sauce companies (Melinda's)!

Of course, I picked two bottles of Melinda's and waited patiently for my food.  After a few minutes, it was ready.  For the first bite of the NY Steamer, I didn't add Hot Sauce because I wanted to try it in it's traditional style.....it was friggin' awesome!  The Pastrami & Corned Beef were juicy and the melted, gooey Monterrey Jack went well with the Meat....of course the Bread was awesome too.  The next few bites, I added Melinda's Habanero & Chipotle Hot Sauce.....wow, it made it even better!  Then I tried the Melinda's Jalapeno Hot Sauce....good, but not as good as the Chipotle.

I devoured that Sandwich like it was my last meal on Earth!  What a great experience.....that combined with the serious Hot Sauce collection elevated this joint to 5 Stars for me.

Will I return?  I'm already thinking about it!
Yay finally they are open! I have been waiting for this sub place to open since it is hard finding a decent sandwich place. 

As you walk in, it looks like a regular sub place but it's red and I guess gives the firehouse look. The staff greeted with "welcome to firehouse sub." They were very helpful with what was the best seller sub and add-ons. The Hook & Ladder Sub (combo $7.78 sub $5.59) is the best seller sub which has hot smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and melted Monterey Jack. Even though the Hook & Ladder was tempting my stomach wanted the Firehouse Steak & Cheese. The Firehouse Steak & Cheese (combo $7.98) has hot sauteed sirloin steak and onions, melted provolone, bell peppers, mayo and mustard. I added mushrooms with it and asked them to take the mustard out. I have to say that it was oh so yummy! Also, if you order a kids menu ($3.69), my daughter enjoyed her grilled cheese with her red fire hat. 

I would most likely be going here again and try all the subs since they sound all tasty.
I was exited when firehouse subs opened one on lake mead, I did not want to go to  the one on eastern the parking there can get crowded. I had the lg italian( genoa salami,pepperoni , ham , lett, tom,dressing , deli mustard and provolone cheese) on wheat bread , I wish they had crusty Italian bread.  The bread was soft, it had alot of meat. The sandwich was on the sweet side must have been from the dressing. I could only eat half of it to sweet , next time no dressing. Wife had the BBQ brisket and cheese . It was alright had a nice smoke flavor. BBQ alright maybe a little sweet.
          I wish these sandwich places had french fries instead of chips.  The tables r arranged oddly so if it is crowded u can hardly walk w/ o bumping into someone. Wife went to get refills and found it easier to exit restaurant and walk around the building to return to our table. I hope she did not see me laughing , kinda funny.
I heard so many great things and was a bit disappointed. The prices are decent for a combo meal. I got the N.Y. steamer for about 6.00$. The food was just average. Not too impressed. The place is oddly shaped and the tables are placed weirdly. If it's crowded it is kind of hard to get around. The staff was very nice so that's a plus. Also, I'm not sure if I got a bad batch or not but, the cherry lime-aid isn't all that great. If I go back again I'll just get soda next time. 

I haven't given up yet and I'll go back sometime soon. I just hope the food is a little better next time
I've been looking forward to this sub sandwich shop for a while. I like any type sub, be it toasted or not, so when we finally stopped by, I was ready to try one of these great sandwiches I had been hearing about. 

We were greeted by everyone in the place, it seemed they all shouted out a welcome, but it was crowded and didn't like crawling over all the patrons, tables and chairs just to get to the counter to place my order. I guess going at a busy time for such a small place wasn't that bright. 

Once I looked over the menu, I decided on the Smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket. It's stuffed with beef brisket that's been smoked for 10hours and covered with melted cheddar cheese. There is a sweat savory BBQ flavored sauce smothered on top a toasted bun. 

The "beef brisket" isn't what I thought it would be, it turned out to be more like a slow cooked roast sliced thinly and covered with cheese and BBQ sauce. I know brisket and this wasn't what I expected. It was good and in a pinch I would eat it again. But all the hype I have been hearing left me not sure what it was all about.
Why the Hype??? My Husband said I should try this place because it was delicious. So when this location opened over by my work, I decided to give it a go. 

First of all, I ordered a sandwich to go and it took 30 min. 30 min for a sandwich??? A sandwich not served by real firemen? You have got to be kidding me. This better be a damn good sandwich. 

Secondly, they got my order wrong. But on to the real review. 

I ended up with the Engineer, which is turkey, cheese and mushrooms. 

So I start eating my sandwich, bread is nice and soft, turkey is warm, seriously lacking on the mushrooms and NO CHEESE. 

Now I am kind of pissed. At least at Subway I watch them put cheese on my sandwich. 30 min for a wrong order with no Cheese. What was on the sandwich was good, but not worth the wait and doesn't live up to the hype. 

The Cherry Limeade is yummy. 

I wont be back.
I've only been here once. Even though it's preferred to order party-platters ahead of time, I ordered a party platter for my work on the spot which usually takes more time. But the manager went ahead, no hesitation, and promised me a decent wait time (15 mins). Party platter comes cold but it tasted delicious, they use gourmet condiments. I can also speak for my co workers because they were stuffing their face and satisfied. Ok. I was stuffing my face too. Guilty. They have tons more signature hot subs on menu that I'll be back to try. Indeed.

A couple of plus':  2 flat screens that were playing current sports. Also, these kids that work here are genuine and very helpful and patient with new customers such as myself.  The place has a large seating area that allots probably 30 people. And tables can be moved to combine for larger groups. Come thru.
I went here for lunch the other day. 

I ordered a large firehouse meatball sub. The large is definitely large, and I will be making two meals out of it. The bread was nice and crusty, and the meatballs were better than I have had at some Italian restaurants. 

There was a HUGE hot sauce bar (50ish), and the restaurant has a definite firehouse motif.
I'm pleasantly HAPPY!  =)
I just finished an 8 inch meatball sub.  The bread was warm and SOFT, the meatballs were bite size, the sauce was perfect, and the cheese was just enough!

~My brother devoured the 8 inch Steamer w/ no veggies....he said it was meaty and good!
~My sister-in-law had an 8 inch Italian....she claimed to enjoy it.
~My husband is having the 8 inch Roast Beef w/ veggies....how it tastes is yet to be determined because it's awaiting his arrival.
~I paid $28 and change for the four 8 inch sandwiches, three bags of chips and one fountain beverage.......I'm not complaining! 
~I am however, slightly dismayed by my fountain beverage......it's a make your own cherry limeade.  They provide you with the cherry syrup and you add the limes.  I tasted and tasted some more, but obviously I got the ratio wrong........I'm kinda disappointed, in myself that is! =(  Oh how I LOVE me some cherry limeade!
~Other than that, the service was FAST and oh so FRIENDLY!  Like, are you kidding me friendly! =) Impressive! 

I will be back.....many more things to try!

P.S.
They don't take tips but rather donations to a Fire Fighter fund! =)
When I arrived at this location it was packed during lunch, at first I was a little annoyed because the menu was so hard to read as it was placed so far from the counter where you were supposed to place your order. But after finally reading the selections I saw they had a general selection of ham, turkey, roast beef, pepperoni, and meatball sandwiches; including veggie sandwiches as well. 

I had the Firehouse Hero, it was a delicious combo of turkey, ham, and roast beef. The best part is the honey mustard sauce. Not to mention the wide selection of hot sauces available to add to your sandwich. What I liked most was that they delivered your meal right to your table(if you're eating in). And the to-go service seemed quick and easy. These sandwiches are a tad bit better than Subway sandwiches but not as good as Capriottis or Jersey Mikes.
I am in love with this place for one reason and one reason only:  THEY HAVE ONE OF THE MOST COMPREHENSIVE SELECTIONS OF HOT SAUCES I HAVE EVER SEEN ANYWHERE.  I am kinda a chilli head at times and love to search out food that is stupid spicy.  I have found that Las Vegas in general lacks trully spicy food, however Firehouse Subs has changed that.  They have a pethora of various hot sauces and not sauces like tabasco or Tapatio.  I am talking caspician oil based sauces that like up your mouth like a douglas fir on christmas day.  This is the only reason I gave this place 4 stars.  A man's man's selection of hot sauces.
   The sandwiches are just good enough to not take away from the not sauce selection.  If you love hot food go here!
Woah Momma! I don't even know where to start. I was cruisin' around the neighborhood looking for a new lunch spot and as I drove past Create Burgers I spied a new sub shop. 
Now I love me a good sammich, so I had to give this place a try. Walking in I was slightly overwhelmed by the over-the-top firefighting decor: An enormous painting of a firetruck in old-time Vegas covered a complete wall, and staff were dressed it blue and red shirts that look like they were borrowed from the local fire house. "Keep Back 200 Feet" emblazoned on the back of a few... which made me laugh.

The menu was fairly simple - about a dozen subs named for firefighters or equipment. Choice of white or wheat bread and a variety of optional hot sauces that span most of the counter and fill a curio cabinet in the seating area. 

The first sub I tried was excellent. Bread was warm, but not toasted, so it had a fresh from the oven texture. Pair that with a heap of meat big enough to satisfy even the manliest of sandwich eaters and fresh produce and you've got one great sub. 

So great, in fact, that I've been back 3 times this week.
They have awesome subs!  I prefer them over Subway or Quiznos.  I enjoy either  the steak & cheese or smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket.  Those are my top two subs.
Had dinner here a couple days ago. It was OK, but maybe a little soggy. Two sandwich meal deals was almost $18. Feels a little pricey to me. Overall not bad, but I probably won't be a regular.
Firehouse subs are delicious.  Even thinking about them makes me want to go back for more.  Staff always offers a friendly greeting.  I keep wanting to try new things on their menu, but the Engineer is just too great to pass up.
I normally don't review chain restaurants, but I had to give props to Firehouse Subs.  I've only tried the hot subs and they are delicious. Perfect portions.  Its pricier than Subway and Quiznos, but definitely tastes better too.  It is very clean restaurant and the staff is over the top friendly. 

It is also very kid friendly- and the kid combos come with a plastic red fireman hat.
I LOVE Firehouse! I grew up with them and always missed them. Until, they opened up here in Vegas. They make the BEST Meatball Sub in town. Great prices and delicious food!
Firstly, customer service was most definitely a 5-star rating!

WHERE: Tenaya & Lake Mead, right next to Rubio's!

WHY: To get your sandwich fix on =D

WHAT: As you park and walk to the entrance, it really looks like a firehouse!! (Or, I actually didn't know if half of the building was actually under construction, HAHA). 

There were also about 10 or more specialty sandwiches, with a million different types of hot sauces! I really thought that was creative!! You are allowed to get up and choose one, either out of curiosity or to ADD A LITTLE FLARE to your sandwich!

I had the Firehouse meatball sub because I absolutely love different meats and meatballs in my subs!! I also asked to add lettuce and tomato on top, which made it a little more sub-like! I was surely pleased with my sandwich and ate it all there! =D

They also had a signature fountain drink!! It was the firehouse cherry limeade, and of course I had to try it out!! It was a little on the sweet side, but it was okay.

SERVICE:  There was one worker named Melanie, who gave absolutely great service!! If you're ever there, give her a shout out for me! She was really helpful with helping me pick out the right sandwich for me, and brought our sandwiches over to our table. She also said, "when you come back and eat inside, they should always bring the sandwiches over to you, otherwise don't be scared to let them know!" YOU GO GIRL! Haha, so kudos x10 to her!!

*NOTE: The combo, which included a large drink, sub, and chips of your choice was just under 10 bucks!!
Stopped here cuz I was in the neighborhood and was curious.  I guess firemen eat a lot of sandwiches, what with hungry, burley men spending a lot of time in firehouses and cooking for one another.  They should be experts, what with burley, hungry mens' affinity for sandwiches.

That was my theory at least.  These sandwiches were not hearty, just weird.  They steam their meats seperately and to order which made for a soggy sandwich.

More of a 2 star joint, but I like firemen so I'll bump 'em up to 3.
Has the most awesome subs, love love love Firehouse, soon my family and I will b in walking distance oh ya........also I got my Sis craving the subs, she goes to the one near her!
Bad customer sevice compounded by  a manager with zero peaple skills
AKA: Melanie.......Won't Be back...........!
I love this sub shop!!

I LOVE SUBS! But here in Vegas I had yet to find a balance of cheap and yummy subs. Here they are both! As you first walk in they greet you and ask if you need any help. The workers here are very nice and answer all your questions.

They have a shit ton of different subs and a huge selection of sauces. I tend to stick to turkey and bacon esque type subs and here I got the club on a club. The only thing I didnt like was the mustard, it seemed too sweet to me. I also get my sub cold and not warmed, Im not a fan of hot meat (not that kind anyway ;)  haha) My son always gets just a plain ham sandwich and chips. 

The thing I really love about here is the cherry limeaids! I always get these instead of a soda, sooo yummy!! I put like 5 limes and some sprite to make it like sonics : )

Come here for awesome customer service and delectable subs and irresistible cherry limeaids!
Super friendly staff! We walked in looked at the menu and were unsure of what to order. The cashier came up to us and explained how everything is made. We got the number 1 and the number 9. Both were really good!! Each sub was only about $6.00. I gave this place a 5 because there was no downside. Friendly staff, great food, and great price!!!
I went in with high hopes, but you get better taste and more ingredients in a $5 Footlong.  Being that there is a superb sub place in the same square, they better beef up their game!
They talk highly about their subs. To pricy for one.Very little meat. Subway still ranks #1 still and thats  sad. no healthy subs either. I also didn't like how the manger was done grating other employees. Very rude to their own employees.
This is so far my favorite sandwich place. So delicious. Sandwich had a lot of meat on it.
Let's see... I usually really enjoy the Firehouse shop, food, service, etc... And rarely write reviews unless it's absolutely the best experience or in this case the worst.  

1. Let's enforce the "employees must was hands" but not have soap or paper towels, splendid. 
2. Let's not listen to my order and get it wrong then roll your eyes at me and talk crap about me while making the second, only to forget to make it all together, helping 5 other customers that weren't even in the place before me. 
3. Let's give me a soda cup for their awesome new soda machine but only allows you to choose between, diet, diet, annnnnnnnd you guessed it, diet.  
4.  Where should we sit?  The tables covered in crumbs or the tables covered in crumbs... Guess we'll take crumbs.  

Overall experience was terrible and has been the last two times I have been here, every place deserves another chance but you failed miserably.
If I compare my experience here to other fast food restaurants, it does fairly well, but as soon as I compare the Italian sub I had here with the one I usually get at Capriotti's it can't hold its own.
I brought my nephews for lunch and everyone seemed to enjoy their meal.  The service was friendly and quick.  The soda machine was a huge hit with the kids, they loved putting some odd flavors together.  For me, I am not much of a soda drinker, but I do like cherry-limeade and here was quite disappointed.  The syrupy-sweet beverage was a brilliant shade of red, but didn't have much flavor besides "sweet".  I added 6 lime wedges to balance the sugar, but the improvement was marginal.
My sandwich was fairly good and the roll was soft, but the filling was a little bland.
If I was on the road and in a hurry for something to eat, this would certainly appeal to me before hitting a McDonald's, but for an extra dollar or two I would enjoy the superior quality of meat and cheese that are offered at Capriotti's.
Not a big fan of the subs here. They really lack flavor. Capriott's has much better tasting subs. However, there are some positives. My daughter loves the Coke machine. It is a hit with kids and I think many adults as well. The chance to try different flavors is unique and fun. The restaurant is always clean and the service is good. i like the fact that they have opportunities to support local fire departments.

At this location the new manager Ryan here gave us excellent customer service. My company uses this site for catering business lunches and he goes above and beyond to make sure our order is correct and that we are happy.
I have been to Firehouse Subs once and I would love to go back again.  I want so desparately to like them.  And the truth is, the one time I went, I  was digging my sandwich.  It was a very good sandwich.  I'm not sure what I was tasting (mayo, mustard or dressing), but I picked up on the slightest bit of horse raddish.  It was a welcome addition to a basically standard sandwich.  I got the combo with a drink and a bag of chips.  It seemed pricey for a sandwich shop but I still enjoyed it.  And I liked the theme with all the fire gear and named sandwiches.  I suppose what is preventing me from going back is the price.  I drive by and am so tempted to stop but then I decide on something faster and cheaper.  I usually end up at Taco Bell.  I did go back in a few weeks ago.  Then I walked right back out.  There was a crowd gathered at the counter with no defined line for ordering or for pick up.  I don't stand in clusters.  The lack of orgnaization turned me off and I went to the Rubios around the corner.  I'll go back again sometime.  Eventually.  For now, there are other sandwich shops that are more organized and have good sandwiches of their own.
The Good:
+ Their subs are tasty, and although their whole "steaming the meats and cheese" thing seems a bit gimmicky, it works for them. It definitely makes the bread better by softening it a little when the meat is in there.

+ They don't skimp on the meat in the sub, unlike some other sub chains.

+ They have about 20+ different hot sauces, rated on a scale of 1 - 10 on heat. I'm a fan of the Scorned Woman Chipotle & Garlic Pepper Sauce (Heat 7) and Dave's Hurtin' Habanero Sauce (Heat 8). Both have flavor and a little bit of kick.

+ They have a dial-a-drink soda dispenser, so feel free to make your own custom beverage from what's there. My favorite is a mix of Cherry Coke Zero and Lime Coke Zero.

+ The pickle spear is a nice touch. Not enough sub places give you pickles with the sandwich.

The Bad:
- Wait times. Average wait times to get my order (1 sandwich) has been 10 - 15 minutes. At the lunch rush, that can go to 20 - 25 minutes. At best, it's taken about 5 minutes to get an order. While decent for a sit-down place, their average is a bit slow for a fast food place.

- The meat steaming diminishes the flavor profile a little bit, like some of the flavor leaches out or blends together with the cheese and bread. I'd say it raises the flavor to above-average, but prevents it from going higher than that, if that makes sense.

My Firehouse Sub Picks:
+ NY Steamer: pastrami, corned beef, provolone.
+ Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar Brisket: beef, cheddar, BBQ sauce.

Verdict:
Decent subs - better than some, but not fantastic. It gets points for the sauce selection and dial-a-drink machine. Jersey Mike's makes a better cheesesteak, Jimmy Johns is much faster, and Capriotti's has bigger flavor. I'd take Firehouse over Subway any day of the week, though, and when I'm in the mood for their NY Steamer or Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar.
unless this place is closed, we will never go to another sandwich place again!!  I had the kids meal cuz my kid eats a grown up meal and it was amazing and just the right size!!
Haven't had a bad sandwich yet!!! Best sandwich shop in town.
LOVE THIS PLACE

Go try it for yourself, you cant go wrong with ANY of the sandwiches and they have a cool soda dispenser there, you can add flavors to your soda, its a bit confusing at first but you have to be smarter than the machine.
Two stars. That's it. One for the service. The other is for the pop machine( yes pop, not soda!). Everyone was helpful and friendly. The pop machine was a touch-screen and had many flavor variations for each choice. My wife and I split an Italian and a Cheesesteak. When subs are hot, they need to be baked, not steamed. Steamed=soggy. Overall the steak was just blah. Not much flavor. Better cheesesteaks back home at Sheetz( gas station that makes decent food). The Italian had honey ham on it, which is good, just not on an Italian. It gave it a sweet flavor that it should just not have had. Probably won't go back there because the food just wasn't that good. There are some sub places I haven't tried yet, and some I have, that I would go to before I try Firehouse again.
Great Work on those sandwiches!! This place is full of nice employeed and they serve the best sandwiches! I recently moved from Chicago, the land of Jimmy Johns and Subway and was so impressed by this unknown!  My two boys grabbed the biggest subs they served thinking they would be able to eat them all and more and instead ended up with a second meal.  The variety is great and the decor kept my boys entertained through out the whole meal.  This is a return restaurant for sure.
Our sub was good. Arrived quickly, staff was friendly. The owner was mopping, chatting with customers, very friendly. Would definitely go back.
I'm not usually a fan of hot or toasted subs, but this place definitely changed my mind. The manager is not just on -location, but he's really setting the pace and mood of this establishment. He's there greeting you at the door, explaining how the menu works and helping you to decide on the meal that will ultimately satisfy you. 

The portions are HUGE and they have one of those new coke machines that allows you to create a beautifully flavored carbonated experience. 

The best part of the sub is the bread - it's the most important part, and they've conquered it with delightfully fresh loaves that will soothe your inner carb-loading soul. :) 

We'll definitely be back!
Meatball subs! The wife liked the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket (hold the barbecue sauce)!
Overpriced. Nothing special.
Service wasn't that great and took a while to get sandwich.  That being said the sub was pretty good.  I would return, hopefully service will improve.
Welcome change to the local sub scene. . Check out the custom murals. Each location has one that is site specific. .Future Favorite for Las Vegas Flavor.
My favorite sandwich place. I love the hot sauce on display for the customers taking, the sub is always fresh and delicious, I get the Italian. Only had one questionable experience where people ordered after me seemed to be getting their food before I did. I think they forgot my order! Other than that it's great! I suggest it for a lunch break.
I ate here about two years ago and I ordered the meatball sub.  I was not impressed.  I vowed never to return again.  Three months ago, a friend of mine offered to take me to lunch.  She insisted that we go to Firehouse.  I tried to persuade her to pick a different restaurant, but she insisted that Firehouse was the best.  I ordered the engineer, and I was shocked at how good the sandwich was.  Two days later I went back and ordered the brisket and cheddar sandwich, also an amazing sandwich.  I have eaten there twice a week for the last three months.  I have not had a bad sandwich, in fact they are amazing.  I have not eaten the meatball sub again, but I am convinced I need to try it again.  It is definitely the best sub place in Vegas.
Great subs! The large ones are VERY filling and the meat is noticeably better than those at other sub joints.

The decor/style is top-notch. The place was clean, very modern and new 'Freestyle' Coke soda machine was fun to play with.

I grabbed The 'Engineer' sub and my friend chose the 'Club on a Sub.' We both enjoyed our meal and left full. Neither of us tried their range of hot sauces, something we'll have to do next time.

On a final note, the staff and management were very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this location!
awesome food great sauce and good service, I just wish they delivered lol
I got there during the height of the lunch rush and the place was a zoo.  The staff handled it well and pushed out sandwiches as fast as possible.  It still took about 20 minutes to be served.  I had the honey ham sandwich and it was well prepared.  It was interesting watching people trying to figure out the high tech soda machine.
Finally had Firehouse a few weeks ago... delicious cannot wait to go back and get another sub.
I love Firehouse.  Been eating the Hook & Ladder every week.  Amazing.  Best sandwich in town!!!!
What a great place for lunch! I was in the area and decided to try it out for the first time the other day. It was busy, so they must be doing something right! For as busy as it was, my wait time wasn't long at all. My sub was deliciously toasted. I had the Turkey Bacon Ranch. Tasty! The staff was super friendly and professional. This restaurant is very clean and well taken care of. I will definitely return every time I am in the area!
One of the best sandwich shops I have ever visited... And I have visited a lot! This place makes most Subway Restaurants look very amateurish and disappointing. The sandwiches are exceptional, quality as good as it gets, and the level of service is beyond what a business like this should be expected to deliver... I highly recommend Firehouse Subs... Once you try this place, you will go back.
I love this place....  People always friendly.   Great food for a great price.  Always clean too.  If you love sweet ice tea they have the best.   I go at least once a week
I love this place. One of the best sandwich shops that I have ever been too... Yummy
Firehouse is comfort food in that you know what to expect going in.  Its the same, yet different.  They are all nice, clean decor, friendly staff and fast service.  

I like its not like the others where you walk a line and have to deal with the "I don't know what I want" person in front of you.  Once ordered, it's made and delivered to your table.

I like the wall painting in each one depicts the local neighborhood and the fire house that serves that location.  

Each sandwich is fresh, hot and filled with the meats and condiments.  Not too much, not too little...  Great variety..

Being a fast food junkie, this is a nice diversion and I never had a bad experience.  Everyone is friendly and helpful and they are big on being clean!  ..
Delicious and good location. Friendly workers and store is well kept. Definitely worth it.
Another excellent meal at Firehouse Subs.  I got my standard Engine Company sub (turkey & roast beef) and the wife got her standard Engineer sub (turkey & mushrooms).  Both were wonderful.  I only wish they had a size about 3/4 of their smallest "Medium" sub:  the medium is just a tad too big and splitting one medium between the two of us (which involves a compromise since we want different things) isn't quite enough.  Oh, well.  Love the food.
My husband and I came here on his lunch break, and was greeted right away, the Manager walked up and I asked what I was thinking about  getting and I told him that I ALWAYS get the smokehouse sub but wanted to try something different! He suggested a sub and I told him I'll just stick to the same sub so he offered to split his sub w me just so I can try it.... Wow!!! Now that's how u keep a customer coming back!!  Not to mention everyone is super nice always happy and if u enjoy trying different hot sauces they have over 25 different sauces!!!!
Fire house sub is great! very close to the house and delicious subs! if you are looking for something similar to subway with a wider variety of flavor profiles I would recommend trying Fire house! its great! their take on the philly is amazing and the huge assortment of hot sauces provide great tastes for any sandwich selection!
This is our favorite sub shop! Everything is made to order, fresh, and the employees there are always friendly. If you like BBQ brisket I recommend the Smokehouse brisket. It's my favorite! My husband always goes for the New York steamer- fully involved. Kids love the meatball sub, it's a pretty good size and it's very good, plus they get a fireman hat, which the kids love! If you're over the age of 10 and want a hat too, just ask!! 
The place is clean, awesome soda machine, and decorated nicely to go with the "Firehouse" theme. Normally it only takes about 5-6 minutes to get your food, but if it's really busy and it takes a little longer just be patient.. It's worth the wait! 
Can't wait until they open the new location on Decatur closer to our house.
First off, I love their sandwiches. I always get the Turkey, ranch and bacon. But, I cannot stand the new Coke machine all these places are getting. Every drink comes out tasting like it has lime juice in it. What's up with that? Even if I let it run for a few seconds it is nasty. I cannot eat there because of this reason. Too bad because the sandwiches and staff rock! I guess it's take out or nothing.
I have never been to Firehouse Subs before but I would definitely come back! I got the vegetarian combo with a DELICIOUS cherry, vanilla Dr. Pepper and some jalapeno Vicki's chips. I love that they have the soda machine with over 100 options... 
Once I got my sandwich, I was even more excited to try any and all of their hot sauces that they have available. My boyfriend and I tried about 10 different options, some spicy and some sweet. Definitely have to say that the Georgia Peach/Vidalia Onion sauce is amazing and so was the Devil's sauce... I don't remember the exact name but it was "Devil's ____" and it had habanero in it. 
Such flavor. Much spice. Wow.
I almost forgot to mention!!!
They had a lemon cookie, I think with white chocolate chips in it. So worth it for people that love lemon.
Overall, the cherry, vanilla Dr. Pepper, lemon cookie, and just awesome sandwich made the trip pretty awesome!
Walked in and was greeted by a great aroma. I had the steak and cheese with extra cheese and mushrooms. Don't know why it took me so long to try this place. It really hit the spot. Don't hesitate if you're looking for a tasty sub.
My friend told me that firehouse subs gives out free birthday subs, so I should give it a try. I decided to go in with my friend on my birthday after work, but the employees decided to close the store 10 minutes early. That seems like enough time for them to make two sandwiches before they close, but apparently not.
I won't be going back as a paying customer and won't recommend it to anyone else.
I initially went into firehouse subs to a questionable experience, but I was quickly contacted by the store owner Ryan who wasted no time remedying that.
My friend and I both got the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket and it was amazing. I'm a fan of barbecue food and you can really tell when a business buys quality meat and cheese. 
I couldn't say anything better about my experience. I know I'm not going to subway or quiznos ever again after trying a real sub.
No cold sandwiches here. Every sub on the menu is served hot, or so I thought. You can get any sub the good old fashioned way, just order it ALL COLD.  For those counting calories, there are some "under 500 calorie" selections, including sandwiches and salads. I opted for the Firehouse Hero (I am quite certain it was a little over 500). It was the perfect combination of roast beef, turkey breast and ham, with melted provolone cheese for good measure. Outstanding, filling and full of flavor. I got the large and powered my way through. A medium probably would have sufficed, however, as they are pretty generous with the ingredients. If you want everything on your sub, order it "Fully Involved." We ordered at the counter and the food was brought to the table. They offer sweet and unsweetened tea, plus have one of those cool fountain Coke machines with 120 different varieties.  Now that I have experienced the Firehouse, I can't wait to do it again.
Normally not a fan of subs but this place is pretty good ive had the engineer with sea salt chips and a cherry coke on two desperate occasions and was def happy  with my meal  the variety of hot sauces u can add to your sub is pretty cool.will be back to try the rest of the subs
Not too bad.
Ordered 2 huge subs:  The Italian (Cold) and a plain Tuna on wheat bread for the wifey.
Tasted good, not a bad price; I'll go here over Subway any day.
One of the best sandwich shops in town! The Smokehouse Cheddar beef brisket sub is the best, hands down!
Went here for the first time for dinner. My husband and I walked in the restaurant and, even thought the restaurant was empty with 3 employees behind the counter, no one greeted us. Since this was our first visit we looked over the menu. None of the employees offered any help or asked if we had any questions. After standing at the counter for about 5 minutes finally one of the employees said they could take our order. We ordered our food to go. The sandwiches were very good but the customer service could use a little help. Since we did like the food we will give this place another chance.
Gross. Never been here and I told the girl at the counter that. My Dad & I ordered a turkey, roast beef & provolone with everything (lettuce, tom, mayo, etc). She didn't bother to ask me if that was hot or cold. So we get our food, get to the drive in, settle in and go to grub...it was a Hot Disgusting Mess. Really? Who on earth would serve someone a hot sub without asking? It is obviously not something that is done normally at any other sub shop so your best bet is to ask a new customer whether they would like it hot or cold. Am I right?? I was absolutely disgusted by the sloppy and soggy mess. I could have thrown up.
Thought I would try again but once again my sandwich was wrong. Will never come again
Firehouse is the best sandwich shop in town, and the staff at the Lake Mead store is top notch.  The meatball sub is the best in the business!  The staff took care of my kids the whole time; special orders, firehouse hats, and continual checking to see if we are enjoying our meal.  They must be well coached.
I love Jimmy John's. I love Jimmy John's so much I used to drive clear out to Baseline & Rural from my home in Downtown Phoenix just to get a tasty sandwich fix.

Guess what! I don't have to drive far at all now!

The newest Jimmy John's is open just eight blocks from my office in the Camelback corridor.  I've been waiting anxiously for this shop to open, and when I noticed today that it's up and running, I knew what I was having for lunch.

I took with me a co-worker who is a self-proclaimed sandwich lover.  We went around 11:30am ready to enjoy a tasty sub,  Upon entering, we were greeted enthusiastically by the ten or so people standing around and behind the counter.  It was a bit surprising, but not in a bad way.  You could tell the staff was trained to be friendly and welcoming to all who entered - each patron who came in after us was greeted the same way.

I knew what I wanted and ordered right away and my co-worker made her selection, as well.  As expected, I hadn't even finished filling my drink before my #16 Club Lulu (no mayo, add cheese) was ready.  We sat down with our sandwiches, ate, and talked about all of the different sandwiches they have available.

Jimmy John's never fails to meet my expectations.  The sandwiches are tasty and filling, the service is friendly, and fast, and it's a meal definitely worth every penny!
Not much to say that hasn't already been said. They have great sandwiches and funny signs on the wall. I would eat there again for sure. The diet coke was also really good for some reason.
Dr. Mr. John,

Thank you for completing the triad of evil in this Camelback strip mall. What with you, Chipotle and Corleone's, I might just reach behemothian status by Christmas. 
However, I take comfort in the fact that I can add sprouts to any sandwich for free.

Yours,

Michelle A.
So good! Couldn't rate it anything less than 5*
I LOVE JIMMY JOHN'S GOURMET SANDWICHES!!!! THEY ARE MY NEW FAVORITE!!!  My friend ALWAYS orders subs plain....meat and cheese... thats it!!  This place discounts it if you dont want a salad on your sub.  I love all kind of fixings on my subs, so Jimmy John's will please ANY sub craving!!! AND THEY DELIVER IN A 2 MILE RADIUS!!!!
My son went and got us subs for dinner last night.   I had the JJBLT.   Not good.   The bacon had an odd taste, and, despite my request for "Crispy", it was soggy.   I ended up eating a lettuce, mayo and tomato sandwich.  Disappointing consumption of calories.
Oh Jimmy, I heart you. I've been to this location twice, and both during the lunch rush. The line was to the door, but service is super quick. I was in and out in probably less than 10 minutes. My sandwich of choice is the #4 Turkey Tom (add cheese/no sprouts), or if I'm really hungry, the #12 Beach Club (no sprouts). The bread has a bit of a crunch, but still super soft. The meat, cheese & veggies are always fresh and delicious. Their own brand of chips are also really yum. I suggest the jalapeno and BBQ. My only gripe is that if you're ordering for more than yourself, you have to remember the order and pay attention because that's how they call it out when it's done. I'm more of a fan of the numbering system, such as "Number 12! Your order is ready!"
Never heard of this place tell I saw it on the side of a NASCAR and the following day a TV ad, I knew I had to give this place a shot.   Went there yesterday and had the #9 on wheat bread and it was good, went back today and had the #9 on the french bread and it was fantastic. This place is a must if you are looking for a great sandwich. Eli you'll enjoy it!
Wow!  Less than $5 for a delicious vegetarian sandwich!?!  YES!  The bread was tough on the outside, soft on the inside; just how I like it.  The veggies were fresh and packed to the max in my sandwich.  The cheese was also quite tasty.  I drove here on break from a training class to pick up sandwiches at my instructor's request.  I am so glad I did!  YUM!  This place was so good I had to ask twice to verify that it really is a chain!  You just don't get food this good every day.  Best of all, on a busy Saturday at lunch time in Phoenix, I was more than mildly impressed that my subs were ready and I was in and out in less than 15 minutes.  Chips were good too, but I'll skip 'em next time and focus my love on the sandwich.  :)
I love Jimmy John's, especially when it is so close to my work. The ingredients are always fresh and the bread is just amazing. Add all that together with insanely fast service and you can't go wrong. 

I would recommend the Ultimate Porker or Club LuLu.
did I eat at the same place all of you other reviewers ate?   nothing fantastic about it - just a sandwhich.  I can make better.   this really is along the lines of subway or blimpie - the only thing that is better than those 2 is that the  service was fast and good.
Tried Jimmy John's a few weeks ago and they have great sandwich's and the breads really fresh. Also have nice and quick service
Jimmy John's gets 5 stars because they earned every one of them. They do everything right: 
~ the bread (it's the best)
~the cold-cuts (sliced on site, no low-grade Subway ingredients here!)
~lightening fast service. A nice sanny made from scratch at the blink of an eye.
~Totally affordable. My budget sub sanny is a Slim # 5 (salami & cheese) and it runs me a whopping $3.83 with tax!
This place has decent, prompt sandwiches, and I'll take it any day over every other sandwich chain in the Valley.
1. Perfect bread
2. Great unique Menu
3. Super fast service with quality food.
4. Great filling

My favorite subs are the Beach Club and CLUB LULU! 

Try this place you won't regret it.
For a quick serve place this place is 5 stars!!!  Speedy, fresh and different!
The un sandwich is wrapped in lettuce and is a fun change!  The chips are crunchy and mighty flavorful.  Even the drinks are special...the ice is really fine ...so the drink is like a slushy...also...drum roll ...they deliver!  This one is near my office...but a girl can dream that one will open by her home one day:)
I'm not so crazy about these subs. They are heavy on the mayo and lettuce on their beach sub but light on the turkey.

Eat in as the sandwiches here get verry soggy after an hour or so in the fridge!
I have to write a review for Jimmy John's customer service because I am always so impressed!  Their sandwiches are lackluster - especially the vegetarian one - but their 5 star staff makes up for it.

The staff here always goes above and beyond - they are always quick, efficient, and do little things that end up making a big difference.  For example, I've had to order box lunches for office meetings several times. When taking my order over the phone, the person will ask me what name they can write on the bag for that particular item - that way, I do not have to go through each box, opening up the sandwich, trying to figure out who gets what back at the office - genius! And so simple...

When they were doing their special $1 sandwich promotion, I decided to stop by, even though the line was out the door and several stores down.  My cheapness kicked in, and I was ready to spend my whole lunch break waiting in 110 degree heat - but Jimmy John's wouldn't let that happen! I had was inside and had my sandwich within 12 minutes. Super impressed! The manager also gave me one of their pickles for free when  I told him I had never tried them.

Keep up the good work, JJs, but maybe add a little more "meat" to the veggie sandwich...
First off let me say that I LOVE JJ's, that's why it's terrible that I would have to give this location a 2 star. There's nothing wrong with the sandwiches, they're pretty much on par with all of the other locations. My problem is with the staff and atmosphere. Every time I have been in to this location the music is BLARING. It's hard enough with the open ceilings, the sound effects of a busy kitchen, customer chatter, the last thing needed is a pre-recorded concert at max volume. Not only is the music high but often times inappropriate for a business environment. Not that I wouldn't listen to such music, it's just that I don't think the 7 yr old in front of me should have to listen to explicit content while waiting for food. This isn't the only thing that's wrong with this location. The attitudes of the staff sometimes make it seem like they're doing you a favor for being there. Even the manager seems to think it's a joke. Immature employees throwing food around like a fish toss makes you kinda wonder if your food has hit the ground at one time. There's a lot more, and honestly i'm not sure why I go back, when it comes to JJ's this location is trash. Maybe I'll have better luck with the local Firehouse subs when it opens up. Lame sauce.
Before I start, I want to say that I REALLY like Jimmy John's. Their sandwiches are awesome and have great flavor. They are quick and cheap (that's what she said), but this location...I do NOT like.

The food here is on par with the rest of the JJ's, it's the staff at this location that gets me. First of all, if you have a question about something on the menu, they act like your an idiot. Then, when you finish paying, they assume you've never been and rudely tell you to go wait for your sandwich when in reality you're just waiting for them to hand you the drinks you paid for.

I've been in here multiple times when there is music playing, which is fine, except that the music isn't censored. So, if you are planing on bringing your kids here, you should probably be prepared to have them hear some cuss words.

After you get your food, you will probably be able to see the staff all gathered in a circle laughing and conversing as if they were at a bar, instead of actually working like they should be. Honestly, I'm not sure how this location makes money. They would probably do better to hire a couple of efficient people instead of having 5 or 6 inefficient people on staff who do a horrible job.

If you can - go to another JJ's.
the deli meats seemed slimy and the bread still doesn't wow me on my 2nd and 3rd visits.
It is a sub place. It is faster than, say Subway, because you don't get to pick your toppings as you walk along the sneeze guard. The bread is different than most chains, which differentiates them from the others. 

If you are looking for an eggwashed(?) bread, this is your place. The meats/cheeses/toppings don't stand out. The speediness does. Napkins and straws are harder to get than you'd think if you are eating inside. 

The bread looks nice, and has its uniqueness to stand on - but I don't see this place as a Subway-killer.
Great sandwich at a great price. I would consider this an upscale Subway. The bread is much better and you get more generous portions of meat. Always fast service, but with the amount of people they have behind the counter it isn't surprising. Wheat bread is a nice alternative if you feel like more of a traditional sandwich. I would say this is one of the better Fast Sandwich Places. I wish we had a Which Wich here!
First off nothing gourmet going on here at all. Its basically Subway with free delivery and they have to deliver it for free or there is no way in hell you would bother with the place. It's cheap, generic, flavorless food.
"My 3rd Yelp review:  A Jimmy John's Installment."

Delicious.  Fast.  Cheap.  I'm not a huge mayo fan, but get something WITH mayo.  Avoid the sprouts.  Actually, just steer clear of sprouts altogether (unless you are a hippy, hippies love sprouts) .  

Please open a JJ's in San Diego!!!

-THE END
I have been to many Jimmy Johns, and have always been pleased; however, today was an entirely different experience to say the least.  It was my first time trying the new location on Tatum and Cactus, near PV mall.  After making my order, I noticed the employee woman sneezing twice all over the meat/cheese slicer... with no attempt at all to cover the nasal spray.  NASTY.  After waiting a few moments to see if she was going to clean the machine, which she did not, I mentioned it to another employee.  She said that the woman who sneezed was the manager and that sometimes you cannot help it.  While I agree that you cannot help sneezing, my daughter has known to use her"germ catcher" when she sneezes to at least attempt to stop the spread of dangerous germs/bacteria since she was 3.  Anyway, after I complained the woman walked away nodding her head in disapproval of my complaint?  To make it worse, they were very rude/sarcastic as I walked out saying,"Enjoy!"  I will never return to this location and i strongly suggest that you do not either.
Oh my, ohhhhh my, OH MY!!!! 

#1 Ham and Cheese sandwich on Texas toast. 

And #4 Turkey Tom

I don't know what it is about these sandwiches..... But they are DELISH!

Fresh, big, moist bread always fresh never dry or crumbly. The meat tastes of a higher quality ( not processed ) 
Yum yum yum!!!!
Bootlegger (Turkey/Roast Beef, extra beef plus bacon). I had never had this particular sandwich place before. They may be huge in the midwest but there are only  a few of them in Phoenix. 

Much better than Subway or Quizno's. The bread is fabulous and the price is very similar. It was excellent and I will drive the 5-6miles to go get it. Nothing negative about the food. Hope they put one in mid-west phoenix :)
After going to Jimmy John's every week for the last year (since they opened), I can honestly say they make a good/great sandwich and their people are friendly & courteous. That said, it makes me nervous to see that many workers stuffed behind a counter trying make sandwiches. Do we really need 10-12 people working at one time? Subway only has 2 or 3. Second, this JJ's location had the worst freakin ice machine in ALL Maricopa County. Please, for the life of Bono, fix the $&@"%# ice machine!
My blurb to corporate today:

Ok.. I am a huge Jimmy Johns fan. I have been since you came to Arizona. I love the quality of the food. The speedy delivery.. the order online option.. everything. Today, while placing my order, a coworker talked about how you advertise speedy delivery, but always come up short. Me, never experiencing such misfortune.. said, "My delivery has never taken more than 15 minutes.. you must be on crack". I ordered, and then started my stopwatch 1 minute after clicking the final order button. (I ordered a tuna sandwich with avocado) I was so confident too, because last time, my sandwich came in just over 10 minutes!! So I waited, and waited, and waited, and waited.. Ashamed. I hyped you up sooooo much! 29 minutes and 26 seconds later, your dude shows up!!! That is waaayyy too long. I could have walked across the street to JJ's, ordered, payed, returned and taken a 15 minute nap. I am a busy man JJ's.. A busy, hungry man. Here's the icing on the cake (or lack there of).. you chumps forgot the avocado!!! That was 75 cents! Gone! I am so mad at you. I feel like I just walked in on my wife getting freaky with Dwight Howard. Not cool-
I ordered a sandwich from here last week because my coworker was raving about this place & their speedy delivery. She was correct on the speedy delivery, it was at our building pretty fast. I ordered The Beach Club, which is suppose to have double the meat of a regular sandwich. I would hate to imagine how little meat the regular sandwiches have. It was also suppose to come with avacodo. It barely had a smudge. The sandwich itself was okay. Nothing I would rant or rave about. I rather eat at subway. However, if im at work and not in the mood to drive I might consider ordering in. It's more convenient just not as tastey.
Worst ice machine on the planet!  I wanted hot peppers on the side, not on my sandwich.  Was refused.  Corporate Policy. WTF!  Lost me as a customer.  No one dictates how I want my sandwich made.
Sorry Jimmy John's, but we weren't impressed this weekend. My employer gave me a gift card for JJ's as a thank you, so I took the family for lunch on Saturday. The first thing I noticed upon entering was the really loud music. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy listening to music but this was borderline obnoxious. We had to raise our voices to hear one another. The woman taking our order lacked personality and was rude to my wife. They forgot to put avacodo on her sub and refused to put pickles on my son's sub. Instead, they charged us extra for pickles on the side and gave him a full size pickle, which of course was much to large to put on a sub. Their ice machine was out of ice and we had to ask them to refill the machine 3 times before they added ice. As far as the food is concerned, it was just okay. We're unlikely to return.
Dear Jimmy John's,

Your kids are often smart assey and your ice machine is a joke.  And eating inside your location at 1650 E Camelback could be a nerve wracking experience.  But your #5 and #9 can make any bad day better.  And for that, I love you.
first things first: if you don't eat the Jimmy sandwich at the time you order it, it's horrible.  it doesn't hold up well at all.  maybe it's the lettuce, i dont know, i don't care.  it's a bad sandwich after an hour.  So, forget catering, forget buying tomorrow's lunch today (as I did) and got -- yet again, -- one soggy sandwich.

ordered my roast beef sandwich for $6.01 with turkey added.  Cost me $1.50....for two little pieces of turkey.  Like$35/pound!!!!

But more importantly, I asked for my sandwich with peppers on the side.  "can't do it', they said.  What?

"Can't do it.  Policy".  

So, I thought, this can't be right and I emailed Jimmy, corporately.  Here's Heathers reply, so inane it bears repeating:

"Thank you for taking the time to contact us.

I apologize for any confusion but it actually up to the Franchisee whether or not to offer peppers on the side.  Some locations offer it as an option while others don't.  It is not a corporate rule.

Again, I apologize for any inconvenince this has caused.  Hopefuly you understand and will still consider Jimmy John's in the future."

NOW WHY WOULD I DO THAT?  WHY WOULD I COME BACK?
YOU JUST TOLD ME I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WNAT, WON'T GIVE MY WHAT I WANT -- AND THAT YOU THINK IM CONFUSED!  HELL NO! I'M NOT COMING BACK!

Well ya know what?  My policy is THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT.  

I'M NEVER EATING THIS OVER-CONFIDENT, MEDIOCRE SANDWICH AGAIN.  EAT ME, Jimmy.  I got: Firehouse Subs, Subway, Jersey Mike's, Quizno's (still good), a bunch of mom-and-pops.  Eat me.  never ever ever again eat at Jimmy John's!
Ok...I wish you could do a 3.5 because that's what my rating would be...but since you can't...

The subs are really good (specifically the #5) and they're usually made quickly which is nice..my only complaint is that for some reason, they can't do ingredients on only half of the sandwich or just put them on the side altogether for those of us who don't like onion. This really makes no sense to me so maybe I'm missing something but it's kind of a pain in the ass. Other than that, the employees are friendly. I'll keep coming back most likely but it might be something that should be considered.
Oh My Goodness...I Love me some Jimmy Johns.  

I have been to several location and I am never dissapointed.  The bread is yummy.  Deli meat fresh (awesome Turkey).  oh and the pickles...I love the pickles.  Best of all the prices are very reasonable.
Love the decorum and funny sayings on the walls!  If you are looking for mega amounts of meat then this is the place for you.  Not a whole lot of freedom of choice on how you want things.  Not real helpful staff since we were first timers and had questions.  The menu does help out quite a bit.  Probably my third choice in the line of chains to choose from.
Sandwiches are just average.  The staff is snarky.  The manager seems to encourage his staff to be snarky.  

Don't order online, it won't save time.  I ordered online and 25 minutes later when I arrived at the store, they still hadn't even STARTED the sandwiches.  Also, there was staff confusion about who was going to make them.  So it took another 5 minutes for anyone to START the order, even though they only had 2 customers eating in the store at the time.  

The music was overly loud and no one could hear anyone talking over the cash register at the counter.  

Even though I COULD have requested a full refund based on the 25 minute delay despite ordering online, I merely requested free extra turkey on one of the sandwiches, but the manager seemed to relish the opportunity to decline the fair request.  Since it was night time, as I left I noticed the reflection in the front window of the manager and his snarky female staffer smiling broadly at each other as I left (in apparent glee over the joy of declining my small request to counterbalance the long wait).  

I went home and sent an email to their company online at their website, and I am posting this experience here on YELP.  I think in retrospect, they may realize it would have been better to give me $1.50 of extra turkey.  And $1.50 worth of turkey only costs the customer that much, not the company anyway.  A BETTER restaurant would have OFFERED to give me a FULL REFUND for the lateness of the order.
I'm not the biggest fan of Jimmy John's, at least here in Phoenix. I've been to locations in Indianapolis and Chicago and they're great, but there's something different about the restaurants here in Phoenix. It's really the bread. Its almost like I'm biting into a sandwich without first taking off the paper they wrap it in. That and they put A LOT of lettuce on their sandwiches. It's like a salad between two slices of bread.
Anyway, based on the food, I would give this restaurant 2, maybe 3 stars, but the service sucks!
I went in once to order a sandwich to go.It seemed both people I had any interaction with were annoyed with each other and it just made being there kind of awkward. You could definitely cut the tension with a knife.
Now on the weekends I work in a store by myself all day. Wanting to having soething different rather than my usual meal from Windsor I decided to have something from Jimmy John's delivered. Jimmy John's is at 16th St and Camelback and my store is on Central just north of Camelback. According to Mapquest and Google Maps (I checked both just to verify), it is 1.9 miles, or 4 minutes in regular traffic.
After trying to order online and getting an error message that I was outside of their delivery area. I figured with as close as I was, this must be an error.
So I called and to the most unpleasant woman ever.
I explained that I wanted to place an order but that I received the error message that I was out of the area. She snaps at me "What?" and I repeat myself to which she snaps back "What do you mean?" By this time I'm annoyed and tell her "I am repeating to you what the message said online when I tried to order. What part is unclear to you" To which she, unsuccessfully, muffles the phone and yells to someone "ugh, I don't have time for this, you talk to this guy!" Two minutes later someone else gets on the phone and explains that they have a 1 mile radius delivery area.
Seriously. I wound up walking 1/4 mile to Jersey Mike's. Much better food and friendlier service there anyway. Next time, I'll just go there and not waste my time at subpar places like Jimmy John's.
Oh, by the way, another sandwich shop, Correleone's, which is next door will not only deliver to my work, they also deliver to my apartment which is a mile further away.
why does this place insist on letting you know how great their delivery is when they only have a delivery radius of ONE MILE? i live two miles from this location and apparently that's just ~too far~ for them.

anyone can have super fast delivery if they only have to drive a mile! the most amusing thing to me is that within a 3 mile radius of my house there are THREE jimmy john's and not one will deliver to me. seriously, it's ridonk.
I love Jimmy Johns but this location's delivery restrictions are ridiculous. They won't deliver to St. Joseph's hospital because it is 600 feet past 1 mile. 600 feet. I can't believe they are willing to give up all of the opportunity for sales for 600 feet. Unbelievable.
Jimmy John's is my favorite place for subs/sandwiches.  We order from here often for our office.  Today, we had 3 attorney's working out of our office from out of town and when they asked what would be quick and good for lunch, I jumped up and said Jimmy John's!!  So we ordered 4 sandwiches.  After 45 minutes, our sandwiches still had not arrived, which is so strange as we always get our orders within 15 minutes of ordering it.  The attorney's had to go back in to their depositions and were a bit angry that they'd be missing their lunch.  I called to find out what the deal was and spoke to the manager, I think his name was Ollie?  But I told him of the situation and he accommodated me (I don't want to say what because I don't want people to start abusing the situation).  But he also apologized profusely and was very genuine.  It didn't take me getting irate with him in order for him to make things right, and that, to me, is excellent customer service.  You should never have to wait for a customer to get upset in order to make things right.  I will continue to keep coming here for our business lunch needs.  I have not lost faith in them and it's thanks to the manager!
I ordered a Beach Club for delivery @ 3:35 and my sandwich arrived @ 3:42. Impressive!
unimpressed....ordered a club sandwich, forgot the lettuce, soggy bacon, no avocado, slathered with mayo....havent been back, wont go back
I've been hearing so much about this place so I gave up subway for a day and tried it. The subs were amazing, bread tasted fresh, service was fast, I was in and out in less than 5 min during busy lunch hour. Only complaint is the mayo, the slap it on pretty heavy so ask for it light
Ordered a couple sandwiches at 12:17, they didn't arrive until 1:10. Sandwiches so fast you'll freak? No. I was freaking because my time was wasted and I didn't get to eat before having to clock back in from lunch. But hey, they got paid right? That's all that matters right? 

 Bottom line, something that takes less that a minute to make and delivering it less than two miles away shouldn't take close to an hour. The sandwiches are par at best to boot so it's not like you're waiting on fine dining. A monkey could run and operate one of these business with the help of an accountant. 

 Get it together Chim Chim so you can retain any lingering customers, besides me, that you can.
Great people at this store.  They donated a great food platter to Sozo Community Church for their Haircuts for the Homeless event. Please support those that support our local community.
I appreciate your extra soft 2-ply bathroom tissue! :)
Third strike! You're OUT! Don't allow someone to add items to the sandwich online if nobody cares enough to actually do it. Add onion and cut in half. I know... I know... why bother. Good thing I only had to wait 30-40 minutes (twice now in three days) for delivery.  Seems like the sandwich makers are freaky fast (not reading orders) and delivery.... well not so much.
I placed an order for a Beach Club #12, which is essentially a turkey sandwich with avocado spread, lettuce and cucumbers.  I did not want any tomatoes or mayo.  They made sure not to screw up such a simple request by not only removing the tomatoes and mayo BUT ALSO the avocado and (drum roll please...) the TURKEY MEAT!!!  Imagine my surprise when I take a bite and it is a lettuce sandwich.  I already had these guys on probation for screwing up a previous order but no more reprieves.  There are tons of better places (Jersey Mike's, Fire House Subs, even Blimpies, etc.) but I ordered from these guys because they do deliver just one sandwich and when you don't want to fight the crowds, they get you out of a jam.  Not anymore.  Next time, to make sure I am getting what I ordered, I will drive.
I have such a love/hate with this place!  I ordered for delivery, to the tune of once a week, during really busy times at work.  The sandwiches are always yummy and I always have the same turkey sandwich, with the sporadic roast beef here and there.  I rarely eat bread but enjoy the rolls JJ's uses.  The ingredients are fresh and the prices are reasonable when you factor in the convenience factor.

So here's where the not-so-thrilled part comes in:  I have rarely gotten the right order when ordering online.  I got into the habit of checking the order WHILE the delivery person was still in the lobby.  Things got better after I chatted with the manager once or twice and he kindly refunded my money.

I now call in my order for pick up, and have discovered that the noise levels are so bad that the employee on the phone often cannot hear what I am saying. Another opportunity for error that can be easily contracted 

The 3 stars is because of the slipups in service.  I suspect more stars can be easily earned by noise dampening and fewer mistakes.  I know I would order more of these yummy treats!
I LOVE Jimmy Johns however this location is absolutely HORRIBLE! Do not expect your ordered food to show up! 

I ordered a sandwich and received a call 15 minutes later saying they were short on drivers and it would be 30 minutes. I was polite and let them know that would be fine. Over an hour later when my sandwich still hadn't been delivered I called the store and asked about the order. The manager told me they put the sandwich in the fridge to keep it cold and the delivery guy could not find the sandwich so they voided the order. They offered to deliver the sandwich and provide a full refund for the order. I let them know my disappointment and agreed. After that point it took another 45 minutes to receive my order. Over all it took 2 hours. NEVER ordering from this Jimmy Johns again.
Terrible customer service, I live 1.5 miles from this location. I tried calling the store several times, but I either got put on hold or no one picked up. I decided to walk over there, turns out their delivery radius is not based on mileage, but a 5 minute travel time. What deceptive advertising, no wonder you can be "freaky fast" when you only travel 5 minutes.
So disappointed!  Gone twice now,  & still felt hungry. ..Their sandwiches are small. SUBWAY is better!
Road Trip Notable Nosh #7 (See Lists)

Although this is a chain, I've never been to a Jimmy John's before, and have to say, I much prefer it to our other on-the-road staple Subway.

In many parts of France and Belgium, they serve the most amazing sandwiches on thin, foot long baguettes, with freshly baked bread and quality, not overflowing ingredients... at rest stops and train stations!  

This place reminded me of those sandwiches.  We got the Italian "sub" and a tuna salad with cucumbers.  

The tuna sandwich was amazing.  I don't know if it was the dressing for the fish, the fresh, thinly sliced cucumbers, or the chewy dense bread.  

We also got gourmet BBQ chips and salt and vinegar chips.  The crunch paired nicely with the flavorful bites of sandwich.  

For a quick lunch, I am definitely on the look-out for this chain near our new home in LA!
I was afraid I wouldn't like it.... just 5 choices for sandwiches. UGGH 

Holy Hell... 

First off the strip mall is decent. Nothing too bad nothing too great. The Bakery is clean in the places it should be. The seats could use some shampooing. 

The bread and pastries looked amazing. Check out all the wonderful choices. 

The sandwiches, while only a few, are perfectly crafted to maximize flavors and ingredients. 

I had the Italian, loaded with imported meats and cheese and fresh toppings served on a scratch made, fresh baked, french baguette. PERFECT 

@ 7.25 it seemed high until I received it. It is enough for two and the quality more then made up for the price. 

While the owners are quirky they are friendly. 

We will go back.
Funky little independent eastern-european-owned bakery, pastry, and cake shop that also does a handful of sandwiches.

Doesn't sound like much, but tastiness and quality aren't necessarily noisy. 8^ )

I'd often passed this place on my way somewhere else, seeing their European Bakery sign and thinking they MIGHT have a deli, but they aren't advertising it, so why take the chance.  Daren C and I finally stopped in, and we were glad we did.

The breads are all made fresh daily with what the owner is proud to tell you are his own versions of classic european recipes, and the meats are all imported.  The owner is quite happy to talk about how he sends back a slab of pastrami several times if it doesn't look right ot him.
If the man tells you that he put together all of the sandwich recipes because those are the ingredients that taste best together, you would be wise to heed that man!

For 6.50-7.25, you get a HUGE sandwich on a fresh-baked sub-baguette.  Daren's Italian had everythign you could think of, and was a veritable UN of sandwiches, it had meat and cheese imported from so many different places.  My roast beef with roasted red peppers and swiss was absolutely delicious -- like a rare steak, a small salad, and bread all wrapped up in my hand for lunch, instead of spread out on a dinner plate.

The baked goods are where the husband and wife team claim to really shine, and it sure did look and smell wonderful. There are an assortment of pastries and baklava and other tasty treats to select from, both familiar and unfamiliar looking.  TheFrench bread the sandwich was made on was tasty and soft inside/ crisp outside.
Their other loafs looked and smelled delicious.  And for only 2.99 for a full sized loaf i know i'll come back and try more bread flavors soon.
I must say that this is a 5 star combination of those things that make an establishment deserve the coveted 5th star~

Excellent, Friendly Customer Service 
Fresh, High Quality Ingredients
and Superb Quality Control

The Pastrami is DELICIOUS here!

The fresh $2.99 loaves are huge!  Crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  

Mmm, Bread.  }^ )
Ok I agree that the owner(s) may be quirky.  Adds to the charm of the place as far as I am concerned.  I went there on Wednesday only to discover they don't open until 10 am.  Thought that was kinda weird for a bakery. Went back the next day @ 4 and there wasn't alot left but what was there looked fab.
Let me explain I am not a fan of most european bakeries sweets because they are well......... just too sweet.  I do love the breads and the pretzels.  I also love a good plain coffee roll, strudel, ect.  Not sweet but more on the flakey flavorful side of things.   So while I skipped the eclairs, kreme horns, ect I did try a coffee roll and a french baquette. 
Let me say that it is the BEST french baquette I have had since I was in Europe.  Hands down.  The coffee roll was my breakfast the next morning and frankly I almost went right than to buy more of them.
Yummo! 
To top it off, the elderly lady in front of me ordered a loaf of sliced bread and then discovered she didn't have any cash or her check book and was embarrased to tears.  The owner GAVE her the bread.  Some might say 'big deal it was only 3 bucks" to which I say YES it is a big deal.   Kindness is always a big deal to me.  I will go back to this quirky kind place with great food.
So this quaint little shop is located in an area that does not do it justice. We went in and it reminded me if my Nana's house. They greeted us when we entered and since it wasn't very busy we got all the attention. We ordered 2 of the Black Forest and 1 DaVinci. It took a while to make but that was because he (the man making the sandwich) had to grab fresh baked bread and slice all the meats and cheeses for each sandwich. So the Black Forest has turkey, ham and havarti with lettuce, tomato, and honey mustard. Everything was as fresh as you could imagine no slimy meat. The DaVinci had ham, salami, provolone, pepperoncini, lettuce, tomato, and Italian seasoning with olive oil. My niece explained it as "shear ecstasy dancing on my tongue". We then had the lemon mousse in a chocolate cup with a strawberry on top. It was so good and was gone within a minute. We had a half a sandwich each to take home for later. All in all it was great and I will be going back and taking friends.
I know that one person said that there were only 5 sandwiches but there were many more on the menu when I went in today.  The servers were exellent quirky yes but friendly. I even asked about my iced tea but he said that it was his own mixture.  Great fun.
Went there again and got another dessert some sort of custard with whip cream and puff pastry with powdered sugar. Yum
Love the new options for lunch, it gives me more chances to try great sandwhiches from the king of meat...that is his new name. 

I cannot tell you how quality everything is from here... go try for yourself.
First off I want to thank Daren C. and Ryan C. for inviting me to come here for lunch.  This place is a couple blocks from my house and I did not realize this gem was even here.  Probably one of the best sandwitches I ever had.  I also have the sweet tooth of a five year old, and the dessert was awesome.  

Everything inside the stor is fresh and is made here.  The only thing shipped in is the ingrediants. 

I will definitely be back
I tried birth day cakes in all the places like coldstone, frys, alerbertson and so on..  Finally, I found the right place. This is very very good but little bit costly.
What a great little place!  The fresh baked break and sandwiches made with meat sliced to order are just perfect.  The sandwiches are really big and reasonably priced for the size, easily enough for 2 people to share, especially if you save room for dessert, which you definitely should do.  There is a lovely dessert case with lots of pretty things inside.  So far I have tried 5 different pastries, and all have been really good.  Not the best desserts I have ever had, but definitely very tasty. The only drawback is very slow service.  There was only one man working up front the day we tried lunch, and he was making all of the sandwiches himself.  Since everything is made to order, this is not the place to go if you are in a rush, but if you have the time it is worth the wait.
I can honestly say that the sandwich I just finished eating was the best I have ever had, and being from the east coast where Deli's are a way of life that is no small task. The meat is incredible quality, I got the Louie XVI which was cured ham, turkey, havarti, let/tom/onion and amazing mustard. My boyfriend got the Italian which was just as wonderful! The bread was fresh, flaky on the outside, soft in the middle. They offer a lot more sandwiches now, and the pastries are incredible. I saw a lot of cakes coming out of the kitchen for pickup, and they looked beautiful.The owner was very personable and friendly, and I will definitely be back.

I'm not sure why they don't have their website linked, but if you want to check out the menu go to eurobakeryaz.com, it's a PDF so if the menu doesn't pull up try a different browser. It's located between the Dollar Store and Bedsmart on the Northwest corner of 35th Ave and Bell.
If you have not tried this place !!!!!!!! you must !!!!!!! They have really delicious bread and cakes. I have been looking for this kind of place because I am tired of walmart or fry's bread. I am really happy to find this place~ I only tried their cakes and bread but I will try subs oneday.
One of the best sandwiches OF MY LIIIIFE. (I get the roast beef with horseradish). The desserts are amazing too, especially the cream puffs and the kremish thing. Love love love this place.
Still the best sandwiches in the area.
Such good sandwiches! The meat is cut fresh just as your Sammy is made. Desserts to die for. Plus the family that runs this joint is cute! Yummm!
Wow! Very delicious sandwiches! My husband and I agreed their sandwiches are the best we've had in Phoenix so far, They are not typical subs at all. They are made with very fresh meat, cheese and veggies and really mouthwatering. Especially I liked the delicious cheese. We had a prosciutto sandwich ($8.99) and black forest sandwich($6.99). I also loved the honey mustard sauce in my black forest sandwich. 

After eating sandwiches, we decided to have some desserts. I was totally overwhelmed by the selection of nice looking cakes. They had coconut cream mousse, chocolate pistachio mousse, caramel apple mousse, chocolate cup mousse, cream horns, tiramisu, napoleon, cannoli, etc. etc. don't they all sound yummy?  I finally decided to try something new to me. I forgot the name but it's a kind of pudding with fruits and two kinds of creams in rum syrup. The lady working there told me it's popular in Vulcan countries. My husband had cherry chocolate mousse. We were both satisfied with our choices. And they are $2.95 and $3.95, which I think quite reasonable. 

It's a small place with 5 tables or so and I think family-owned. People working there are nice and friendly. Thier food is mostly Italian/French style with some East European taste.

Next time I want to try their bread or croissant.
I wish this place was located closer to our home but probably worth driving all the way to get there.
What a great find.  Thanks Yelp.

I was really craving a great deli sandwich and after searching through Yelp I decided to head to European Bakery and Deli and was greated by the owner was very nice and assisted with picking out a great sandwich for my taste.  I went with the Prosciutto di Parma which had authentic Prosciutto and fresh cut cheese and lettuce with oil and vinegar.  It was very delicious.  

The Bakery looked amazing with tons of great dessert items that I was way too full to try but it gives me a reason to head back right?
Best sandwich I have had in Phoenix! I loved the Italian and the smell of fresh bread when you walk in took me right back to little Italy in Chicago and the Bronx. My sandwich was huge and I was only able to eat half. Wish I could have saved more room for baked goods! My professor has ordered numerous cakes and baked goods from here and has said that they turned out great!
Incredible dessert case!  Solid lunch place for sandwiches on wonderful homemade bread.  Dessert case is studded with amazing sweets!
Amazing place!!!
Seriously one of the best subs you will ever eat. 

1. Fresh baked bread
2. perfect selection of hand picked meats and cheeses
3. Quality toppings, sauces etc. 
4. Bang for your buck. HUGE subs.
5. Try the sweets!
The tastiest ice cream ..Mango Mose is the best !
AMAZING!!! 
The bread is fresh, the sauces homemade and the meat is sliced for your order.
We came in for sandwiches only, and left after dessert with a loaf of pumpernickel for the house. 
My girlfriend fell in love with the Boston Cream cake, and vows to try each of the dozen plus pastries they make. The owners were really sweet and chatted us up while we ate. No questions needed; we will be back to this place SOON.
My Dad was in from out of town and wanted to stop by Subway. I would rather support small local restaurants so I got on Yelp and found European Bakery and Caf. After speaking with the owner (I'm assuming he was the owner) he recommended getting the Black Forest and Bostonian. Both were a great deal for the price. I actually had leftovers for lunch the next day. I tasted both, which my favorite was the Black Forest. It had some maple turkey, honey ham, honey mustard and some other goodies. They had a big display of cakes which we couldn't resist so we ordered a few to eat later. They were equally just as awesome. I highly recommend stopping by!
I am convinced that Phoenix needs MANY more dessert and coffee places; the kind where one can while away the time with a good friend and feel just a little more adult.  Having made that desire known, I enlisted the aid of my good buddy and set about finding such an establishment.  I have been craving cake in the worst way.  Not just ANY cake but the kind that has an equal amount of thought put into both frosting AND cake.  We settled on this joint, having read the lovely reviews from fellow Yelp-ers beforehand.  So, first things first, it's a tiny little place and not necessarily frilly or fancy.  No matter, there were some nice tables outside and some really friendly folks inside to help us make the best cake choices.  Bonus: the cake slices are small enough that having two did not send either of us into a shame spiral over our lack of control.  I had a chocolate-raspberry and another whose name escapes me.  My buddy had a pineapple and another that was made with compressed puff pastry.  We sat outside for 3 hours and chatted about everything under the sun.  During that time, we were entertained by fellow bakery goers, people with cute puppies, and a smattering of humanity.  It was a nice experience and one I will most assuredly repeat!
European bakery featuring popular cakes such as the Napoleon and Tiramisu, sandwiches, coffee, cold drinks, and fresh bread.

Service is great and the prices are affordable. A great small business.
The food here is absolutely to die for. Pure perfection. 

The fresh made breads, top quality, hand picked cuts of meat, and selection of mouth watering pastries have me hooked. I have been in many times and usually get the Bostonian or the Italian. From the desserts, I can't even pick a favorite, because they are all fantastic.

Growing up with my family, who are mostly European, I know good European food when I taste it. This shop is family run and the atmosphere is pleasant and inviting. If you haven't been you are seriously missing out on good sandwiches and pastries.
I had been told this Was am amazing place by a friend w wonderful service.  However when we got there the girl at register was most unfriendly.  She would not smile at all.  I tried making small talk and she was just very cold.  I finally had to ask her if she ever smiled. She was nicer after that. 

The sandwich I had was very delicious. I probably wouldn't return due to service.  The cakes they sold,  chocolates and desserts looked very yummy.
We were on our way to Panda Express but spotted this place in the same parking lot and decided to check it out.  They have three categories of sandwiches, $3.50, $4.50 and $5.50.  We each got variations of roast beef sandwiches on 8" French rolls for $5.50 ea.  Both were delicious.  They make the bread on the premises so it was uber fresh and soft, not leathery like some places.  Absolutely no grisly or chewy spots, every bite tender and easy to chew.  My only complaint is they had no pepperocini and as good as it was it was kind of bland until I followed my daughter's example and put a little mustard on it.  

I like that the clerks greeted us as we walked in and answered all my questions cheerfully.  Oh, and the sandwiches were ready before we could step away from the counter, lickety split.  I was surprised when the clerk said they were open till 10pm weeknights, midnight on weekends.  Wow.  Most delis close mid-afternoon.  If you are looking for a healthy, fresh sandwich late at night, this is the place to go.  I'll be back!
I don't really "get" Jimmy Johns. I have some friends who would give their first born for a sub from this place, but I just think it's alright. 

Anyways, after a hike up in Scottsdale, the boy and I stopped by here for a quick lunch on the way home. It was around noon so it was pretty busy, but of course we got our order taken pretty quickly and received our subs shortly after. We both got the bootlegger club and they were both really good. I have to say though, the layout of the restaurant is really awkward, as in where the soda fountain is what feels like inches away from a booth and is in the middle of the seating area so it was really crowded with people getting their subs/getting sodas/going to sit in the back. 

BUT, I have to say that for the price, JJs is a really good deal. $5 for a huge sub that definitely filled me up.
OMG I LOVE YOU JIMMY JOHNS. YOUR SUBS ARE SO MEATY. and fairly priced. The guys that work at Jimmy John's are pretty cute, to boot. They are SO FAST, too! The Gargantuan is my absolute favorite! It's gigantic! I've had it with, and without bacon, and I gotta say, it's better without the bacon.  Bread is always fresh, flavorful, and perfectly baked.
I think one of their mottos is something like, "Delivery so fast you'll freak" and they are not kidding!  Now granted, I used to work right across Baseline, so they didn't have far to travel, but I would order online, click Submit, and the delivery guy would be at my office door within 5 minutes.  Freaky fast!  How is that even possible?

I would estimate that the Sub sandwiches have about half of the contents of the Giant Club Sandwiches.  While I really enjoy the Italian Night Club, I just can't finish it, so I switched the Vito and that's just right.  The sandwiches don't have pickles on them, but you can order a giant deli pickle on the side and they offer it whole, halved, or quartered.

The online ordering system is really efficient and allows you to order exactly what you want; plus this, minus that, extra this, etc.  Are they the greatest subs in the whole world?  Well, no, but they are good and the price and quick service make it a great deal.

My new office is just 2 miles away (still within the delivery range) so I'm interested to find out how fast delivery will be.
This is the best sandwich chain around, hands down. Im not big into chain restaurants, but I like JJ. Their food is good and well priced.
Is it the GREATEST SANDWICH ON EARTH? Hell no! But it's fast and inexpensive with crisp-tasting ingredients, and served on really fresh, good-quality bread. It is very good. Service is quick and efficient and the restaurant is clean. The menu is easy to maneuver and I hear they deliver, too.
After hearing so many people rave about this place I had to go in and see what all the fuss was about. I ordered a country club sub and I was not impressed. The sandwich was mediocre at best, overloaded with mayo- I think I could have tossed together a better sandwich at home. The bread was too thick, I had to pick a lot of it off just to get to the meat. I would possibly consider trying another sandwich sometime but my first experience with Jimmy Johns doesnt leave me wanting to go back or suggest it to someone else.
These places are sprouting all over the valley! I am happy there is one closer, because these sandwiches are great! Last time I had the vegetarian, so this time I added some meat, with The Hunter. Roast beef and provolone on wheat. Yum! Definitely a good place to go when you're sick of Subway (and who doesn't get sick of Subway?). 

My only negative is there isn't any wifi. That's really become important to me. I wanted to check in and let people know the great food I was having for lunch right then and there, rather than waiting.
"Deliver so fast you'll freak!" I totally freaked out! I was on my 30min lunch yesterday, and wanted Panda Express. Went to Panda didnt realize I was too early. 9:30a.m I shall say. Yes, Early lunch since I start work at 4am..Panda was still close, then I decided to try the sub from Jimmy Johns. Damn was I impressed with their service! While the cashier was ringing up my order, the Sandwich maker was preparing my sandwich! and best of all, I was given my changes along with my order! and the best part! The Roast Beef sub was delicious!
Went there yesterday and got a sub, it was great.  Bread is the best, real chewy, almost sourdough like, without being stale.   People making my sandwich were really nice and friendly, cute too!    I got a number 8....don't remember the name of it.  The only downside is I didn't eat it right away and it got a little soggy because there's a lot of mayonnaise on it.  Don't get me wrong, I like a lot of mayonnaise, so I didn't have a problem with it.  Just didn't know it would get soggy if it sat.  The solution to this problem, eat that sub as soon as you get it..and I will.  I'll be back, Jimmy Johns!
It's not the greatest sandwich, but it's fast, cheap, and good. I like Capriotti's a lot better, but their sandwiches are a bit more pricey. For the money, Jimmy John's can't be beat.

The service isn't the best or most helpful. The decor is definitely geared to the college-aged crowd and the prices match it.

The french rolls that the subs come on are soft, crusty, and chewy. The meats that I've had were very flavorful, unlike the meats at most Subways.

If you're looking for a good, quick, and cheap sandwich, this is good. And their delivery service, for just one sandwich, that makes it worth keeping on your speed dial if you're in their delivery area.
This place is amazing, Their approach to food is different from subway, the food is always high quality and fast. As it should be. In fact, They are even faster than subway. The moment you order, it is done without minutes. Sometimes it can get busy but the time you wait is reasonably fast. In terms of price, all the sub's are priced about 1$ higher than subway, but not a big deal, everything is very cheap and affordable still. And this Tempe location has excellent customer service and is very kind.

I suppose the only down side to this restaurant is that you can not customize the sub's. Which is not really an complaint.
So what, you might ask yourself, separates JJ's from the likes of the amazing story with Jared and Subway, or the weird commercials with the mice and Quiznos? I will tell you. First, JJ's bread is so soft and fresh with just a bit of crisp on the outer layer, which makes their subs "hands down" the best. While we are comparing the breads, Subway's bread can get soggy and Quiznos can either be soggy or too hard on the corners leaving wasted food. Next, the service at JJ's is outstanding with at least 3 people working on your one sub to get it to you within seconds, literally. With Subway and Quiznos you have to wait at least 5 minutes for the sandwich maker to figure out your toppings after repeating yourself 3 times and Quiznos you will wait for your sub to be baked....Lastly, the prices tie in the service and quality of food to give you a fast and tasty experience without burning a small hole in your pocket. Go Jimmy John's when you can! Why else do you think they are popping up on almost every street corner? It's worth it!
They're not kidding about "freaky fast delivery"-- they don't mess around. I ordered my sandwich at noon, and they were at my door at 12:04. FOUR MINUTES! I barely had time to get my pants on! I was wide-eyed and gaping at the delivery guy. How do they do it????

As far as the sandwich goes, it's nothing to write home about. The bread is amazing, but what's inside the bread isn't all too exciting. I prefer Quizno's.

If I were just rating the sandwich, I'd give Jimmy John's a 4-star review. But because they are suspiciously fast with delivery, this place deserves all 5.
Sandwiches are good... but when I went to their nutrition facts I was appalled by how much sodium is in one of these! Maybe indulge here once a year but other than that, the sodium will kill ya.
"Freaky fast" indeed. Its right by my current jobsite and I only have half an hour for my lunch.  This sub shop is always speedy, and their sandwiches are still always made as if they took their time.

Its always clean, the employees are always in great spirits, and they always have great music of all different genres playing that help me forget about work for my brief getaway. If you're in a crunch for time near this place and a sandwich sounds good, this place is great.
1.5 miles from my home. They told me that I was outside of their delivery area. Huh? a mile and a half!! It's ok.. The party of 20 that Jimmy wouldn't feed? We called the Cheba Hut.. 6 miles away. And they delivered! Freaky nothing...
Not as good as Tempe @ Elliot & Kyrene, but still the fastest sandwiches in the West & I looooovve the bread!
Good Food, VERY RUDE PEOPLE WORKING AT THIS LOCATION.  I will not go back.
Jimmy John's is a staple classic for a late-night snack after the bars in Bloomington, Indiana, home of Indiana University. Was so happy to see it expand into Arizona. My staple is the #12 -- Beach Club. Can't go wrong with having it on the multi-grain bread or the french bread. Many friends swear by the Turkey Tom, but I find it to be too plain. Service is rapid and I have NEVER waited longer than 40 seconds for my sandwich after ordering.
Heard great things about Jimmy Johns, so we stopped by and tried their subs last night. I wasn't impressed. Not much in the roll, which wasn't real fresh, except lettuce. If they had squirted more of the dressing on the roll, it might have been better. As it was, I had to  check and see if they put anything on it at all. I think Firehouse does a better job.
I've had JJs delivered to many of our school events and boy they got one of the best sandwiches. Our school organization orders from many different places around the neighborhood from Subway, Rubios, Papa Johns, etc. And I gotta say, they are pretty on point with their delivery and service. 

As for the food, it's definitely a step up from subway. Their bread is not airy or tasteless like Subway and they have the right amount of meat, lettuce, and tomato. I'm not sure if they have more toppings, but I like how they keep it simple because it tastes good! One thing that I did notice about their sandwiches is that they sometimes put a lot of mayo on it and don't give it to you separately. So if you are not a fan of mayo, make sure to ask for it off?
I love going for lunch here. Always a friendly greeting by the staff and they make it fast. Can't remember how many times I've been at this location, but I enjoy it. I always order the same thing, the #9 Italian Night Club. It's always made right and tastes even better. The quality is very good and the bread tastes excellent.
The only reason they dont get 5 stars is because the meat and stuff slides around in the sandwich too much while you are eating it. Now I know that happens in most sandwiches. But  If they could find some way to remedy that I would give them the fifth star all day. The French bread they put their fix ins in must have a little crack cocain baked into it cuz I just can't get enough. I always do the country club. When I got some real hunger issues I'll rock the he'll out of the J.J. Gargantuan. Please Believe!
My first 5 star review:
Solid subs
And they'll do a delivery on a single sandwich
And it doesn't take forever to get here.

This place fires on all cylinders. I have been in to eat, picked up and had it delivered (and from at least three locations in the area also) and they have yet to disappoint. And I am a picky, add-this-no-that kind of customer.

Wish they delivered even later than they do, but they blow pretty much every other sub place out of the water.
Confusing, disorganized, OVER staffed.

Mind you the bread was awesome, and even though my sandwich ended up being bare (yet I didn't order that plain one) I enjoyed the sandwich.

I won't be back, nor will my family that actually lives in the area. 

The menu is a mess, and the handheld menus (so you know you don't have to look up on the board like a giraffe) have what I'm guessing is about a 9 point font.

There were 10 or so people staffed on a Sunday evening. For a store that could easily do with 5 or 6 at max.

So the bread earned them 2-stars. But watch out, they charge $.50 for wheat bread. (Lame)
So you walk into this location, and it is over staffed. And as I walked in, I was expecting bad service and attitude (yes, I judge books by their covers).  But I was pleasantly surprised, the young men were so friendly and joking (good personalities).  

The sandwiches are awesome. My daughter and I order different clubs.  I add cucumber to mine.  Let me just say there is soooo much meat, it hangs off the bread. Speaking of the bread, it is phenomenal. 

Our new favorite subs in the area.
I have simple request...no tomatos.  Not because I don't like them, but because they can KILL ME!!

That means clean gloves, clean knife, cut the bread on a clean cutting board or as a minimum a clean piece of paper under the bread.  I only want onions on my sandwich...can you please get them from the back...not from the tray where you've previously dipped you tomato contaminated finger into every vegetable on the line.  To include the onions I want.

I know you have a system where you make sandwiches quickly.  But for gods sakes, slow down, listen to my instructions and do it the way I ask you.  You screw this up I end up in the hospital because my breathing has stopped (BTDT...no fun).  On the other hand you slow down for 1 minute, you save a life and make a customer happy.

It only took you 3 tries to get this right.  First try I just walked away because you clearly weren't listening to my needs.  Second try you delivered a sandwich, when unwrapped, had several tomato seeds (enough to KILL ME) between the paper and the bread.  Last try...success.

Wouldn't it have been better for you to listen to what I had to say and slow you crew down so they understood exactly what they were dealing with?

If someone tells you they have a food allergy, especially one that is easily accommodated, pay attention, do what they ask...you just might save a life.
Dear Jimmy Johns,

Love the food, hate the guy answering the phone for delivery.  If you are mad at the world and do not give a  s^%T about how you project yourself to your customers like you don't care that we have a million choices in the sandwich arena and we chose you, then you my friend have found the right job cause you are an expert.  You answered the phone at 130 pm on May 24.  Good luck cause that was the worst phone service I have ever gotten from a Jimmy John's ever.
Jimmy Johns gets an F-minus.
The "freaky-fast" service is too fast - meaning they frequently screw up my orders and don't give me what I want as far as extras on my sandwiches or they put something on there I didn't ask for and didn't want.  There are WAY too many people in that line-assembly back there, which is why I am guessing there must be confusion and therefore orders are not prepared as the customer has asked.

But even much lamer is their corporate policy to NOT give you bags or napkins.  They don't even offer them to you! There are no napkins to be found anywhere in the store except "hiding behind the counter".  A corporate person today said that you are more than welcomed to reach over the counter and grab some if you need them. 

What kind of messed up minds would actually make it a POLICY to not give out napkins? Sound petty? It IS petty, but the pettiness is on them!  

I'll give them kudos for the delicious bread, but the number of times my orders have been messed up? And their stupid napkin policy?  1 star may be too many for them.  I'll agree with another reviewer, too, about the menu being up on the ceiling.  This place seems to be more about how fast and cheap they can do things and not about customer service.
This place is quite the rave! Everyone has been telling me to Try Jimmy Johns!  I could not believe how fast they made my sandwich! Before i even put a way my wallet my sandwich was ready!.....Really i didn't even know you could make a sandwich that fast! That kinda sketches me out!  It was great tasting as well! However they did mess up on my order, but they were really nice about fixing there mistake! All together i thought Jimmy Johns was average.
You know why they're so "fast" at making sandwiches? Because there's no toppings except like, lettuce, onion and tomato. Boring.

Also, these places are way overstaffed. And they're not very knowledgable. I have food alergies I have to watch out for, and I went in the other day and asked what was in their "special sauce" (whatever it's called) on their tuna sandwich.........there were SIX (6) employees behind the counter and they all just looked dumbfounded. Shouldn't your employees know what's in the food?? Annoying. So I stuck with my usual turkey.

Anyway, to the food. One thing I LOVE about this place is they make "unwiches" which is like a sandwich, but instead of bread, it's a lettuce wrap. This is great for me because I can't eat bread, but sometimes I really crave some turkey and salami on a sandwich. 

Small tip: if you don't like a TON of mayo, make sure to mention it, because they load this stuff with it otherwise.

EDIT:

Well, looks like I won't ever be eating here again. http://www.bilerico.com/2012/05/more_than_one_reason_not_to_eat_at_jimmy_johns.php
I love JJ's. Here's what I love about them:

- "Freaky" fast (like, by the time you are done paying and putting your change away, your sandwich is ready)
- Very clean interior
- Clever, hip angle
- Mega friendly staff (so refreshing since most of them are HS or college-aged, normally the rudest, most self-involved set, but these ones are SOOO friendly and nice it's obviously company culture)
- Their bread (yummm)
- The Vito
- Very reasonable prices

I could go on. They deliver, but not to my house, which is aggravating, but hell, I will drive to them! I love JJ's!
Speed I like. Friendly staff. Sandwiches need a little more work, but this place is decent if you are in a hurry. Nice little outdoor seating as well.
Wish I could say something about the food, but I never got it. I tried to order for a meeting at work. Probably a $700 order. But, OMG, we were about 1/4 mile outside their delivery area. Hello!!! I asked to speak with the manager, and the guy said he was the manager, and I was out of luck. Is the recession over for these guys? 

Firehouse makes good subs. And they brought them to me.
I love the bread, its got this great chewyness to it. They don't lie about being fast either, everytime I've been they have my food ready before I finish paying.
Its been years since I've had Jimmy Johns and well lets just say I wasn't impressed. This time however was completely different. I had the italian club and it was very tasty, lots out fresh meat and cheese on a french roll, I was impressed. For about 8 bucks I got the sandwich, a drink and a pickle that was almost as big as the sandwich! Definitely coming back.
Unfortunately, I have to echo ask the comments about the rude service. I used to like Jimmy Johns, but the customer service from the manager Thomas was horrible. He told me they do not deliver to our office because of the metal detectors, and that we have to go down and pick it up. This is untrue because as I explained I had ordered from them multiple times previously. He then said it takes too long for them to deliver to us when they have five other orders to get to. I ended up canceling my order, and granted they may not need my $10, but you would hope they would at least be honest and nice. No need to spend money here for over-priced mediocrity when there are tons of other sandwich places around.
#8 Billy Club w/hot peppers.  Is there a better sandwich on the market?  I think not.  Fresh bread, vegetables & meat make for an award winning sub.  Freaky Fast service!  I love this place.
Good sandwiches, fast delivery. 
Call don't order online for the quickest delivery.
I have had an issue with an order once and they took care of ot quickly.
Jimmy Johns use to be an every Tue lunch deal for me. Me and a boyfriend at the time, used to come here before an afternoon at santan village In Gilbert. The employees were soo friendly/funny. They knew us and our order soo good, as we walked In, they would all yell "Hi" and before we left "Bye" really loud!! Made me laugh so hard Everytime!! Ya ya little things keep me entertained but It was really cute! 
I love how your order Is ready, well for us before we even finished saying what we wanted!!!  And they would come talk to us like friends. Very friendly, and fun. Waaaay better then subway and much better bread! The only thing I'm sad about Is they took away the sprouts!! So sometimes I just bring my own if I know I'm gonna stop here. Yes I always have sprouts at home, I love them on salads and wraps! But please bring them back! This place Is epic 10 stars!!
The food was amazing!  Me and my mom just got done moving.. and they came to our door within 15 minutes of us ordering online! Excellently!:)
The commercials are no joke! These guys are fast! The sandwiches are delicious, the employees there are friendly and keep the restaurant pretty clean. I had just finished swiping my debit card when BAAM my sandwiches were ready! The fact that they are so fast doesn't mean your sandwich will be wrong or lacking ingredients! Oh and yes, they are really yummy!
Great subs! Whole family loves them.  But I just realized they charge 25% delivery fee.  Are you kidding me?  Next time we'll drive to Cousins or Subway instead.  Freaky fast; Yes.  Freaky ridiculous delivery fee too!
Lightning fast, delicious bread, good mayonnaise... Lots of good things going on here. Not enough meat for my taste though... But that's ok because you can purchase double meat. A double meat sub from Jimmy John's is just about as perfect as you can get except for one thing: it's a little pricey for me. Sometimes a sub par $5 sub from subway is just a better way to spend my money...
Lighting fast sandwich making skills! I could hardly believe. Fresh and delicious food. Yumm
As far as JJ's goes, this one is good. Food is always good and the service is great. They are definitely very fast with their deliveries, which is awesome!
This place has horrible horrible customer service!  And this was from the store's manager!  Our office staff orders from them on a daily basis and I myself order at least $50 worth of food when I do so they're definitely losing out on that since I'm now calling the other location close by to place my orders.  I wish there were other places that delivered in my area.

Haha looking at the other dissatisfied reviews for this location it sounds like the manager at this location has major customer service issues!  I'm seriously considering calling corporate...wondering if that would even do anything?
Before the big opening I had the best sandwich here.  Its called the Godmother - finally, someone who got an Italian sandwich right.  Lots of saucey goodness.  This garlic pesto stuff they use is out of this world.  The meat is quality.  

Second time I went here the sandwich was missing some of its saycey goodness, but the quality of the meats and bread were still there.

They are new, so I'm hoping they will be more consistent.  But I will be keeping an eye out for more saucey goodness.

Clean atmosphere.  Not a chain so they get extra points for that. 

Oh and you get a free cookie.  :) who doesn't love a free cookie?  If that's you, find me, I'll take it.
Tried out this new deli to the neighborhood and I quite enjoyed it. I had the godmother, good amount of ingredients and very fresh. The staff here are very pleasant. 

*serves coke products
DELICIOUS sandwich prepared fast and just the way I wanted it!  I'll be back for sure!  Welcome to the neighborhood.
Went here for lunch, it was ok. I ordered the French dip, a little dry but not too bad. My husband ordered the club, he said it was mediocre, and my dad ordered the pastrami and corned beef, however they were all out of corned beef, how do you run out of corned beef on a Sunday? Anyways, we were all satisfied, but agreed that there is better out there (firehouse subs, jasons deli) that we would rather have. One plus...the chocolate cookies were great. Even if I never eat another sandwich from this place...I would definitely eat another cookie!
The Hub Deli is excellent!  No exceptions.  The owners seem pretty keen on attention to detail AND also to customer service.  

(FYI: I met the younger "blonde" lady & she is very friendly, attentive to service & order accuracy.) 

Today was my long awaited second time in and I found a new favorite place in Ahwatukee. I fell in love with the interior design, energy & atmosphere.  It's fun, yet professional and has an independent vibe which I *crave!* 

The sandwich I had was " The Hippie," I added turkey & decided to put the hot pepper relish on the side.  I loved it all!!! One of the very best / fave sandwiches I have ever eaten. Seriously. Perfection. 

Now the cookies, the *free* chocolate chip cookies....I need more of!!! I want to buy a dozen if possible!  Nothing that tasted this good should be *free!* I am not a "big" girl, but these cookies would have me gain quite a few pounds if my will power & wallet would allow. YUM. I could write just about the cookie.  My friend has one left & if he's not careful *I will* steal it!

In closing to this long adoringly yet ranting review:
I  support *all things local* (except franchises!) and now the Hub has given me one more reason *not* to despise living in Ahwatukee....(culture-less void....or maybe it has potential:)   With the farmer's market on Sun's @ 48th & Warner, The Hub Deli, Pomegranate Cafe, even Trader Joe's and 24 Carrots down the street (on Chandler Blvd.)....one can only hope for the latter!

Forget Jason's Deli! Support The HUB instead! I am certain that it has the potential to be a "hub" for Ahwatukee foodies & denizens alike!

Also,  be sure to grab a treat & a tea or coffee from Pomegranate Cafe while you're in the neighborhood!  

Enjoy, locally!!!
We've been to the Hub twice now and I like it. I'm a little afraid to review it since two of the places I've reviewed in Ahwatukee have now gone out of business (RIP Villalpandos and Grill Wrap Cafe). But hopefully neither of those are my fault since I gave them good reviews. :) The first time we went there I had the New Yorker (Hot Pastrami, Hot Corned Beef, and Cole Slaw with Russian Dressing on Rye). It was pretty good! It was piled high with tasty meat; but not so high like at those New York delis you see on those Man vs. Food type shows that you know there is no way you could even eat them unless you are a snake and can unhinge your jaw, yeah, not like that. My boyfriend got the French Dip, which disappointingly was not able to be on the French roll because they were out, but he said it was good anyway. They seem to be having a bit of trouble figuring out their prep. They always seem to be out of something, both times we've been. Either a meat or one of the kinds of bread. I don't know if they need to simplify their menu or if it will just take some time to figure out how much of everything they'll go through in a day; but I hope they figure it out before it's too late. The second time we went I had The Godmother, it is REALLY good!! That hot pepper relish and the garlic sauce TOTALLY make it amazing. It's super tasty! The boy had the Meatball sub which was really good also. It was not really a classic marinara, a bit spicy, but the meatballs themselves had a lot of good flavor. It's pretty cheap there to make it a "meal" with the drink and chips and of course the cookie always comes with it, which are really traditional and tasty. The service is really polite and friendly. You can tell they are really putting their heart and soul into this place to make it work, and I really hope they can be successful. We'll be in to support them when we can.
Great sandwich place!  Nice combination of flavors on the "Godmother", a sweet and spicy type sauce.  For $10ish you get a large sandwich, drink, chips and a very tasty chocolate chip cookie.

The blonde (didn't catch her name) was great about service and chatting up the customers.  The guys behind the counter were excellent at well.

It's a locally owned place, which is important to me.  I look forward to trying out new combos at this place!
The hub deli is my new favorite sandwich place!!! I had the godmother and it was the Perfect combination of meat, condiments an bread( which I am told is made at a local bakery)! I cant wait to come back and try their home made meatballs and turkey Chilli!!! Thank you for making me a fan!! Oh and u get a free cookie!!!
I was at Trader Joe's and saw that a new sandwich place had opened I had to try it... I walked in I was the only one there I looked over the menu I went with The Hippie (Spinach, tomato, onion, avocado, pickles, mayo, mustard, hot pepper relish, and garlic sauce on multigrain... The sandwich was really good it was really fresh it also came with a chocolate chip cookie it was really good as well... So I will go back for sure along with friendly staff and great food and priced right always makes it a great spot.
I've been to this location about three times.  I'm always the only one in the shop so service is quick. The workers are nice. The sandwich shop has potential but somethings missing.  The sandwiches could really be made at home, nothing special. My bread was a bit hard around the edges (maybe a tiny bit dated) but had great flavor.  Its healthier than the McDonald's yet one cold sandwich and a cookie cost about $8.  I want to like this place, yet I just don't.
Well...I drove all the way from N Scottsdale to get a few subs and three dozen cookies for a party this afternoon. After two hours of my time, fifteen bucks in gas, and thirty bucks worth of unedible deli food, I can say that I won't be back. The subs were not prepared as ordered, and I have three dozen Raw cookies...yikes. If I lived there I would go back, however I don't...and I have waisted enough time and money on this place!!
I will add however that the staff was polite...thank you for that!
Last week I decided to head out of the office during one of those memorable Phoenix late June scorchers.  I had a coupon for the Hub Deli that I got online through KGB deals.  I have no idea what the f%*_)& KGB is supposed to stand for, but $4.00 for a $10.00 lunch, I cannot complain.

The restaurant is inviting with a counter to place your order a menu in front.  The place has some tables and chairs as well as a long table in the center with a large screen television above it.  I was able to pick up a strong wifi signal from somewhere else in the mall.  

I had the New Yorker sandwich which consists of hot pastrami, corn beef coleslaw and Russian dressing.  The bread was fresh and the sandwich tasted perfect; the flavors and sizeable were incredibly balanced.  I must say that I was surprised at how good it tasted.  I went back a few days later and got the same sandwich and it tasted just as good the second time around.   Each sandwich comes with a cookie and chips.  The cookie like the bread is fresh and tasty.

I am happy that I found this place.  It is neatly tucked away in a strip mall in Ahwatukee off of Chandler Boulevard.  

The staff is friendly and I had no problem getting served or finding a seat.  A must..............
Great sandwiches on fresh bread.  I can't get enough of the Hub Deli.  Their friendly staff always greets me with a smile, and makes my sandwich just as I want it!  Even with my substitutions and modifications, they always get it right.  The fresh chocolate chip cookies are a great bonus!  

The garlic sauce is more like a pesto, heavy on parsley and garlic.  It adds a great kick to the sandwiches!  The pepper sauce is spicy, but good!  I suggest getting it on the side to control the level on your sandwich.  The Hub's sandwiches are generously sized... If you're not fee;ing super hungry you could definitely share one!  

The menu is simple but creative, and there's something for everyone.  If not, they'll adapt it for you.
Second time we have been here and you are closed before posted hours... wtf I give up on you
New Jersey inspired subs.
Direct competition to the Subway across the street. It's fresh cut deli meats and better menu make it a far better choice than Subway.
Enjoyed this place a lot they cut the cheese and meats in front of you, i got the super sub (mikes way) and it was awesome. This is by far way better then subway. The only thing is i wish there was a little bit more choice in the veggies and bread, but hey it was still freakin good.
We checked out Jersey Mike's last weekend and it was a pleasant experience.  We sat outside, of course what's not to like with this Phoenix weather right?  Nice crew with lots of enthusiasm in there.  I would say that you would receive a quality  lunch in a family atmosphere here.  Good vibe.
If you like subs, you really should try this place.  They have two types of bread (white and wheat) so the selection isn't as varied as Subway but it's very fresh and tasty.  It has a real deli feel to it and they have arranged it so there is a meat and cheese case next to a toppings case.

The staff at this location is very friendly.  I've been at the Happy Valley location three times now and each time the place was extremely clean and the staff was energetic and warm. Highly recommended.
Just had a "famous Philly". Delicious. I am a fan and will be back.
Been there a few times with the coworkers and we've tried just about every sub on the menu. The hot subs are by far the best. The Reg Chipotle Philly on white is pretty much the best sub you can nab at lunch time. A few tips when you go there: 

1. Just get the regular sized sub unless you are splitting the same sub 
with someone. Their large size is the length of your arm. For real. 
2. Inside seating is limited but there is a nice front patio that they share 
freely with other establishments there. 
3. Get a sub card...you'll be back. 

Very friendly place with very clean inside and they keep the patio nice as well.
Good fresh subs. I like that Meat and cheese are cut in front of you. Work-mates swear by the tuna, and I've not found a hot sandwich on the menu I didn't like. Ask for a sandwich "Mike's way" for all the fixings. 

The place is new to the area (opened late December 10) and it didn't hurt my impression of the place that they partnered with a local elementary school to celebrate opening. Add to that fact that the manager and employees remember me though I only go every other week and greet me warmly each time.

Fresh ingredients and a "local place" feel - a great place for lunch!
I work right across the street and a few of us went here for lunch one afternoon. I ordered a salad to go. As soon as I saw the guy grab shredded sandwich lettuce to make my salad I almost told him to stop but I didn't. I regreted it when I started to dig in and realized the lettuce was brown and yellow. Very disappointed. $6+ bucks for nasty lettuce tomatoes and green peppers. I ordered a salad thinking I was getting something like the picture on their website. I won't be returning here. I'll be passing on lunch next time the co-workers opt for this place.
Yummy.  Apparently these are more in Cali but one showed up here and it's pretty darn good.  Much better than Subway and Quiznos... and you can have your sub all as a sandwich.  It was HUGE!

The seasoning is pretty great and they have oil and vinegar and their vinegar is pretty good.

Yes, you can have nasty tasting vinegar and good tasting vinegar. :)

It's pretty darn worth the trip.
Love it!! I get the turkey provolone, but its amazing. 
Always real busy in there, but its worth it. 
Not bad pricing for the size you get as well... Good deal!
Stopped in Sunday for lunch after a high recommendation from a friend of mine in San Diego.   She claimed it was the best sub she's ever had so I had to try it.  Unfortunately my sub came up short with lack of taste and toppings.  When we pulled up I noticed it was super busy and was thinking man they must have great subs for it to be so packed.  Was lucky to get a booth inside but it wasn't as clean as others have stated in other reviews.  I had to take one of their comment cards and wipe the table of all crumbs on the ground as others had obviously done from the looks of the floor.  I had the Chipotle Cheese Steak sub that I split with my husband.  The bread tasted ok, but it wasn't fresh out of the oven. They skimpt on the steak and hardly saw any onions at all on it.  For the price of the sandwich I really was expecting to get more.  The sauce was the best thing about it but I was wanting more of it as well.  I won't be going back.  Sad that it wasn't a better first impression.
Wow, reviews all over the board!
I went for lunch and got a Regular Italian Mike's way.
The amount of meat was perfect. 
Thin? Yes...but there was plenty.
The lettuce was fresh today as someone else mentioned.
The bread was very good and fresh. (I was in around 11:00AM so that helps).
The vinegar was tasty, yes I agree, there are some vinegars that taste better than others....they have good vinegar here.
Overall, not the best I have ever had, but it is pretty darn good.
as sub shops go this one is pretty good. much better than Quiznos. they are a little proud of their subs though.
Very few chain fast and quick food eateries deserve my attention.  But, Jersey Mike's is the big time exception.  Their sub sandwiches are the best by far, even over mom and pop delis.  My wife and I have eaten at several of their locations throughout the Phoenix area and they are equally excellent.   The fresh sliced meats just seem to be the difference.  The prices are right and the restaurants are kept clean.  Highly recommended.
I've been here a handful of times and I do enjoy it. Not as much as my mother does but I can eat it every once and awhile. I like getting the Club Sub the most but hold the mayo please. 
The whole "Mike's Way" concept is nice but I think they put way too much vinegar and oil. I just always have to remind myself to say easy on the oil and vinegar please. The bread is also very tasty and I do like that they slice it in front of you! Very fresh :) 
The pricing is...meh...I wish they were 3-4 dollars cheaper and I also wish they had COKE and not PEPSI products bleh!
This place is just an over priced subway. 25.00 for two subs and drinks! Ahhh! GET REAL!!!
I'm from south NJ and what I miss the most is the great bread.  Jersey Mike's has the best bread over any other sandwich shops I've been to in Arizona and makes me feel like I am back east.  I recommend the white over the wheat personally.

I am a big fan of their hoagies and especially the roast beef and turkey sandwich with bacon.  Also their cheesesteak is very good.  I haven't had the tuna yet, but my friend has and he loved it.  Very delicious food here and I haven't been disappointed yet!
Wow! We flew in to Phoenix and were headed to Sedona when we stopped off for a bite. Luck brought us to Jersey Mike's and we are glad it did. My wife and I split a giant veggie sub which was fantastic. The staff was really nice and helpful. Too bad we don't have a Jersey Mike's back in Ohio.
JERSEY MIKE'S IS EXPENSIVE FOR A SANDWICH SHOP! Just letting you know that right off the bat if you have yet to go there. Not quite sure what makes their ingredients so much different from the rest that's on planet Earth to warrant their pricing. But I digress. Beyond that the sub I had was very good. I tried the large chicken Parmesan (which will throw you back alittle over $11. That's just for the sandwich. So yeah, the people that work there probably have to work 2 hours to afford a sandwich there.) and I was not disappointed one bit. The only problem I had when I first got there was how to order. I thought it was like Subway so I was expecting them to ask me what I wanted on it while they were making it. But they just made it and wrapped it up without asking me what else I wanted on it. So word to the wise. Make sure u know exactly what you want on it the moment you order.
Forget about other sub shops - Jersey Mike's is the BEST! They cut the meat and cheese fresh when you order your sub - everything is fresh and delicious every single time I go to Jersey Mike's! I read other reviews about it being expensive - here's the deal - you get what you pay for. Jersey Mike's has quality food and excellent service - well worth paying a little extra for! Tip: Get your sub and then let it sit in the fridge for a few hours - the flavors melt together and become even more amazing :)
I love Jersey Mike's Subs!  Everything is so fresh here, the meat, bread, and veggies taste great!  I love the Chipotle Philly Sub and the Club Supreme.  I'm not sure what it is that makes Jersey Mike's way better than Subway or Quizno's, but maybe its the fresh cut meat, fresh cut cheese, or fresh bread.  

Check it out!
Good sub but on the expensive side. Also they don't have Fries!!
And everytime someone orders a hot sub the entire staff yells HOT STUFF!
 It's frickin Annoying! !!!!!!!!!! And serves no purpose! Quit it!
The meats are sliced fresh for each sandwich.  The bread is fresh and very flavorful.  The price for the size is great!  I wish they had other sides other than chips.  And I have a card I get punched so every 10th sandwich is free.  I think Jersey Mike's blows Port of Subs out of the water!  Subway is average and very generic.
It is good food.  Sometimes a little expensive for what it is but pretty good.
The last time I rated a Jersey Mike's Subs, I gave 'Mike's a "4", a high review for me.  And, I would have recommended it to anyone.  Thing have changed. . .

The tuna hoagie is crap, don't get it.  It is sloppy wet and soaks the roll.  
They have apparently changed vendors for their meats.  The turkey is almost tasteless.  The meats for the Italian Sub are also not what they used to be.
 
We called the Happy Valley store to complain after we discovered the changes.  The 'person in charge' said that 'corporate' had changed the supplier for the tuna and they knew it was awful.  So, why didn't you tell me before I bought the sandwich?  If you know it's that bad, why are you serving it?  
It looks like the local franchisee is looking to max out profits at the expense of quality.  

Jersey Mike's is off my list, check what they are putting in your sandwich before you get burned too.
Get the Philly.Get the Philly. Get the Philly. Don't mess with the other mediocre subs. The cheesesteak is ridiculous and somehow the best in the valley.
Ahhh jersey mikes. Sounds kinda like a truckstop you avoid on a long road trip but let me tell you my friends...it's definitely a stop you should make. The BREAD: soft, flaky and fresh. The MEAT: sliced fresh for every sandwhich. The toppings...different and very good.  You can order your sub "mikes way" and it will come with lettuce, tomatoes, white onion & LOTS of (too much imo) oil and vinegar... as for the prices,  i think the people complaing about an 11.00 samdwhich are failing to mention,  that size sandwhich is literally 3 meals! I get the regular sub which is still huge & end up eating one half for lunch & the other for dinner. You can get the mini which is plenty of food for ME (probably not enough  if your a guy or have a hefty appetite ) for under 5 bucks. One thing that constantly keeps me coming back is the customer service. I would much rather spend my $ in a place that takes pride in it's customer service,  listens, and gives you what you asked for than any other mediocre serviced sub shop offering a 5.00 footlong and an attitude.  Oh and another brownie point mikes scored on the board? They have fox news on. That a boy!!
Went there today because I'm trying to check out the eateries in my new neighborhood and it's hard to find a good sub. Ordered the giant club sub. Unfortunately I was running errands and it ended up sitting in the back seat of my car for well over an hour. Still, it was a great sub. Good bread, fresh meat that isn't slimy and questionable like at some places and lots of ingredients. I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches on the menu.

Update: Also have tried the meatball sub and Philly cheese steak, both were excellent.
This place was overpriced and not that good. The bread tasted old and stale, the meat was alright, there are just a lot better options if you want to spend $13 on a meal. The only reason I have two stars instead of one is because the workers were really nice and helpful, it's not their fault the sandwiches they're serving are not quality.
Decent overpriced commercial subs. Service is always friendly.
Good bread and meats. Staff was friendly. Little more expensive than subway or mr. Goodcents. But I enjoy it mikes way!
This location is great, best sub I've had yet. My roommate told me before how friendly the staff was. Not sure if it was the same guy, but very courteous and friendly. It's rare nowadays (in PHX at least) for restaurant employees to care enough to ask you how your day's been and make small talk with people. That always gets a tip out of me! Food is excellent and their roast beef is pink instead of nasty brown. I love that! I would love it even more if they would call it 'roast beast' (Grinch anyone?). Also, their bread is of the crusty variety, not soft like Subway. Sometimes I wonder if other reviewers think it's stale as they're basically comparing apples to oranges there. I didn't really pay attention to the prices because I had a coupon, but they send coupons in the mail all the time, so people should keep a lookout for those. Even though you can get a bigger sub elsewhere for cheaper, these subs are heartier and therefore way more filling. I can eat a footlong sub at Subway with little effort, a regular sub from Jersey Mike's, not as easy! That's a good thing!
seriously... these are some gosh-dang-good-subs! My dad is from Philly and I was raised hearing stories about the legendary 'hoagies' that he had the privilege of enjoying in his youth (he had went on and on about them so much, that I almost felt like I could taste them :) and then one day... I did taste them, at Jersey Mikes! The fresh baked bread, the sliced to order meats and cheeses (we're not talking Blimpies here!) these sandwiches are legit! I always order mine 'Mike's way' which includes oil, vinegar, spices, lettuce, tomatoes and thinly sliced onion- then I add the hot cherry pepper relish, omg! so good! Stick with the cold subs... I have tried a few on the hot side of the menu (cheese steaks and reubens) and while they are ok, I have always regretted it and wished I was eating one of the awesome choices on the cold side (#2 and #5 are the best!)
Always a safe bet for a sandwich. Nothing that stands out for me, just a decent sandwich and my kids like it.
I go here quite often and there hoagies are spot on I'm from the east coast.
Awesome sandwiches. The quality is great and they are consistent. The staff is friendly and helpful. But they are expensive, very expensive.
Subs are okay. A little better than Subway but priced much higher.

But here's why they get 1 star: I paid $30 for 3 adults and a child, which is fine. A little high, but whatever. I didn't leave a tip because I didn't feel one was warranted. 

The guy taking my payment (or another employee) obviously didn't agree because today, on my bank statement, there is an initial authorization for $30 and a final charge of $33. So they gave themselves a $3 tip without my authorization.

I sent a message through the site and have received no response. That was about 7 hours ago.
First time at Jersey Mike's; When you order online,  they make your sandwich the exact opposite of what you ordered -  it's great!  We ordered an Italian and a Club,  no onion, no mayo,  add banana peppers and pickles. We received an Italian and a Turkey,  covered in onions and mayo,  no banana peppers or pickles on soggy bread.  Didn't discover it until I got home.  Never again.  I'll stick to Jimmy Johns or Goodcents.
Hands down the best service in town!

We were regulars here for a long time (only stopped coming after moving far away). The staff is amazing and the subs are fresh and delicious. We usually get the veggie.  Their bread is lovely and the veggie's great, especially with lots of red wine vinegar. 

Love this place!!
My wife loves how fresh the meat tastes and their pepperoncinis.  I love how close they are to my house and the heartiness after eating a full sub.  A little pricier than subway, but the reason is the quality of the meats I believe.  Therefore, this is somewhere to stop by for a quick lunch or dinner.  Helpful staff and overall great food.  We will see you again Jersey Mike!
Update: They never did get back to me.
I checked this place out for the first time due to a coupon at work (YAY coupons!).  I had turkey and provolone on wheat "Mike's Way" (onions, lettuce, tomatoes, olive oil blend, red wine vinegar and spices).  

I was kind of cautious about having it "Mike's Way" since I usually load my sub up with olives, red onions, pickles, tomatoes, cucumbers, ranch, salt/pepper and everything else almost under the sun -- however, since the veggies were SO good, crisp, fresh, ripe, etc, the meat plentiful and the bread was great - it was perfect.  

Also, the staff were super friendly.... My only regret is that I did not pick up napkins!

So, thanks! I'll be back for sure!  The regular sub was a perfect size for lunch.  :)
I was getting my nails done at the salon next door when I saw a flier advertising for Geno's. I'm a vegetarian but my husband loves meat so I tucked a flier in my purse.

This evening I showed my husband the flier and and he saw the veggie/meat options. So we hopped in the car and drove around the corner. The place was packed - always a good sign. We placed our order and was told it would be a 20 minute wait. Kinda long... but what the heck, we had nowhere else to be.

The food was delicious and my husband loved his sandwich. I found it concerning that the veggie sandwich (cheese,onion,pepper, mushroom) cost the same as the other subs. $9 for a veggie sandwich? My husband thought the price was fair for a full meat sub but certainly not a veggie. Sadly, as much as we liked this place I don't picture myself spending this much on a veggie sandwich in the future. I really wish they would reconsider the price on this item - it was expensive :(

Try the Zub sauce - it was great!
Finally got a chance to try Geno's today! I've been waiting for a good sandwich shop to open in my neighborhood! I had the "Geno's Italian" on wheat not toasted. It was perfect. Thinly slice onions and tomatoes, full of meat (big fan of boar's head), cheese, lettuce and house dressing. My boyfriend had the pastrami on white (no Swiss) it was also very good, the only issue was we had asked for it to be toasted and it was not... No biggie the place was poppin'. Being in the industry, I know how it is opening a new place with new staff getting worked... I have high hopes for this place. 

Ps I think the negative review on here might just be a competitor... LAME.
Oh man....I've longed for a good cheesesteak place in my 'neck of the woods' FOREVER.

This last time was actually my second trip going in.  The first trip ended up with me empty handed, because they had run out of bread. But the owner saw my disappointing 'sulk' as I walked to my car and called me in.  He wrote me a 'free cheesesteak' note and told me to come back (which he really didn't have to....I would have anyways).

I got the Geno's famous with mushroom and onions.  Normally I get provalone cheese, and forgot to order that, instead of the Whiz.  Wow......I'm glad I did!!   Wit Whiz was delicious! The sandwich was enormous (I got the larger size) and was packed with meat, onions and mushrooms.  I posted a pic on my Facebook, and it generated 47 comments. Hopefully, a lot of those people will also try out Geno's.

I think an earlier reviewer had said something about the sandwich being too small for the price, but on 'bread-less' night, the owner had explained to me they were having problems with the bread.  With the delivery and the sizing, but all the kinks are worked out. (C'mon people, they've only been opened for a couple of weeks....cut them some slack).

Anyways, I'm headed back, most likely, on a weekly basis now.  The owners are cool, and the cashier was really nice too.  And will probably try all kinds of different sandwiches, since the "regular" was that good.
Welcome Geno's!  We needed a great cheesesteak in the East Valley.
A group of friends and I went there a week after they opened.  We all enjoyed our sandwiches..they have a good variety.
I got the mushroom and cheese and it was very tasty.
Great service and we were impressed seeing the care they took at checking to make sure the restrooms were clean and tidy.
4 stars for not having brewed ice teas..just the "push my button" machines.
My wife and I have already been to Geno's about 7-8 times since it opened and we continue to go there.  We love the food.  I have always gotten something different every time I but and have always enjoyed what I have gotten. They have plenty of options to cater to any type of taste. My wife likes to make her sandwich custom, and she pretty much gets that every time. 

BTW, I don't agree with the 2 star review, everything they said has not been my experience. They are most likely a competitor (located 5 miles away).  Also that reviewer is a new member with only 1 review, very suspicious...
The Geno's Famous Cheesesteak was excellent.

I'm starting the review off with a 4-star (yay i'm a fan) but not because anything was wrong... I've only been in there once and have yet to try everything nor have I tried the delicatessen side of the board. If it's as good as the cheesesteak was though... it'll easily be a 5.

So the Geno's Famous. I didn't get any custom stuff, just the way Geno's wants it. It was excellent. The bread was very good too, very soft and even the corners were baked right and not hard like others I've had in az. They don't use whiz, which technically could be an issue for some but I'm not getting into that argument because I'm not from philly and I don't care. Some cheesesteak places pride themselves on it, others have their own mix - it's all good to me because I get to eat it all :)  
The onions were cooked very good, real soft and tasty but didn't take away from the meat. Speaking of, the meat was very good, like a distinct taste I can't really put my head around just yet - I need another one to pin it down. But it was very good meat.  So with all that said... the sandwich rocked - I'll easily be back for sure.

Venue... very clean in and out, very visible location from Williams Field road north side. The girl actually spotted it the other night when we hit up the froyo place across the way. Walked in right up to the counter. Service was fast and cordial.  Upon taking a picture (for yelp of course) a guy started talking to me, whom seemed to be the owner perhaps? Nice guy, asked what we ordered and suggested I tried some of their sauce... he made sure we got that added on the side before we left.. Not sure if he's Geno, but nice fella.

Forgot to mention the fries...  Fries either suck hard or their just good. These fries were just good and pushing damn tasty... I dont know if it's the oil they use or some special seasoning (didn't seem salty at all tho) but they were good. It's on rare occasion that I finish a basket of fries.

Overall I suggest you check it out. I'm sure that was the best cheesesteak I've had in Arizona so I can't wait to return and try another variant and see what they have to offer behind the deli because there needs to be some good lunch places out here in Gilbert... Geno's is off to a great start.  See you in there.
I've only been here once but I must say it was a delicious experience! Although I felt they put wayyy tooo much mustard on my pastrami sandwich, my little sister loved their bbq philly, and the garlic fries were divine!

I'll definitely be going back to try something new on the menu...we'll see if my review changes ;)
This was our first visit to Geno's Cheesesteak & Deli after seeing people talk about it on Twitter.  We LOVED the sandwiches we had.  I 'only' gave 4 stars due to it being our first visit and we all had variations of the same sandwich 'Geno's Famous Philly.  In my opinion, Geno's Famous Philly is a 5 star sandwich.  My daughter and I shared a whole sandwich, made just like it is on the menu (grilled onions & Geno's cheese sauce), my hubby had the same sandwich adding green peppers and my daughters boyfriend had the same sandwich adding mushrooms.  The meat was tender and so tasty, the grilled onions were perfect and the sauce was delicious.  The rolls were like 'sub' rolls we are use to having grown up in Massachusetts!  

We will definitely be going back and I'd love to say we'll try other things but it's really hard to find a great cheesesteak here in AZ so we might just stick with what we know!  They also have burgers, hot dogs, gyros, wings, salads and deli sandwiches on the menu.

Oh we also had 2 orders of regular fries and 1 order of garlic fries!  All were great and if you like garlic I recommend the garlic fries for sure!


The staff was very friendly, the place was busy but the line to order moved very quickly and the food was also served quickly.

And yes, this is my first review!
We saw this place as we were leaving the froyo place across the street and came back later that week to check it out. It's on the North side of Williams Field Rd, west of ValVista (in the strip next to Blue 32 Sports Grill). We walked in and went straight up to the counter to order; the employee was nice & helpful taking our orders and payment quickly. We then waited by one of the tables as we ordered to go. One of the managers/owners (I assume) came over to us and started talking when he saw Chuck take a picture of their wall mural. After Chuck said he was taking the picture to put on Yelp, the guy was like "are you guys going to write a review?" and asked us what we ordered and gave us their "sub sauce" to try - very nice guy. 

After we got home, I dug into my original cheesesteak and it was delicious. The meat had great flavor and had the perfect amount of cheese on it (maybe a few too many onions for my taste, but no biggie). Their fries were amazing - I have no idea why they were so good, but they had the perfect texture/consistency that I wish I had room for more in my belly. 

Excited to go back and try something else off their menu.
Waited until we tried this place 4x before leaving this review.

1st time: Excellent. Bread a bit dry but other than that, excellent Cheeseteak and Fries.

2nd time: Horrible. Very dry Bread. Worst Rueben we have ever had.

3rd time: Corn beef sandwich was like eating cardboard, Cheesesteak was good but the bread was dry

4th time: Horrible. Tried their Parmesean and Garlic wings, had no taste at all. Tasted like just Chicken wings fried and served. Not even any salt. PASS! Cheesesteak was dry and the meat was overcooked. Tried the Rueben again. 2 tiny slices of Pastrami between 2 dry pieces of bread.

This place has SERIOUS consistency issues. Which is not surprising because they also have a pizza joint by the same name which has great thin NY style slices if you go during the day but if you order a Large pizza it is god awful and doughy.
I went to med school in Philadelphia and far and away the ONLY good thing about that city was cheesesteaks. Most places , even the "authentic" ones are poor imitations. Geno's is authentic, delicious, stupendous. So if you want to totally blow your diet-at least it will be worth it
As a person watching what I eat, I thought a place like Geno's was the last place I'd eat in. Boy, was I ever wrong! Their selection was very good as far as what I can and cannot eat. Regardless of where you go, you have to be smart with your choices! 

He owner and staff were very friendly. The service was great. And the food was awesome! Have been back twice in one week... May have to extend that streak. 

Definitely a place to try but be careful, you may get hooked!
Meh pretty much sums it up. 

I got their regular cheese steak w/ provolone, add bacon. The bread wasn't too bad but I found the meat to be dry and tasteless. 

Fries were ... just fries. 

Def not worth $8, won't be going back anytime soon.
Great Sandwiches!! I first tried Geno's when they opened their smaller store on Higley and Germann. My husband and I feel in love with their cheese steaks. They are seriously the best I've had since I moved west from NY 15 years ago! That location also has inexpensive pizza, which is pretty good, for a $5 pizza. A few months later they expanded to this location and only serve their yummy cheese steaks here. That was kind of odd, but its ok because it is worth the extra drive, and they still kept my house in their delivery range. I have since tried some of their other sandwiches, and they are also delicious. 

The service at the small location was a little off. The cashiers were never very nice or helpful on the phone, and not great in person either. You could hear them getting yelled at in the background sometimes as well. But, at this location, that issue has definitely been corrected. The staff there is super friendly, and more than willing to help you make a selection.
Cheese steaks are pretty good,  but omg the sweet and tangy wings I need them in my mouth!
I have seen this place a few times and wanted to give it a try.  I am glad I did.  First I have had a "few" Cheesesteaks in my day while I lived in Philly for 8 years. I also ate at the places namesake, Genos in South Philly.  No not as good, sorry Gilbert Genos, but without the Philly bread you had no shot.  On the good side, the bread was decent and their Genos steak was made CORRECTLY with cheese whiz. If you have never had a real Philly then do yourself the favor and get it wit whiz, wit back there means onions and whiz well, I am sure you know what that is.  

The manager there was very friendly and attentive and when he found out I had lived in Philly he was very interested in my opinions.  I did give him the suggestion for gravy fries a staple at diners all over that area. 

The place was clean, the food was delivered quickly and happily the place was busy for a Thursday lunch.

I will defiantly be back....oh and other Philly fanatics, yes they have Tastykakes for sale.
I'm not even going to pretend to be a cheese steak connoisseur; I've probably had 3 in my whole life.  So no, I don't know what they're supposed to taste like but I had one here and the meat tasted like it had been chewed up already, it was a horrible texture, almost like ground beef.   

Let me back up... when I went inside to order the food the three high school girls working the counter were in deep conversation and I had to wait until they were done to order.  I ordered the two sandwiches, fries to split and a soda.  When I got home there were no freaking fries!
  
Hopefully the other things on the menu are better because I hate seeing small businesses fail.  

My one star is for the diet coke.
I recently stumbled across this place, and I'm a BIG fan of cheesesteaks.  The sandwich had great flavor, but the portion size seemed small.  The bun they use is almost hot-dog-bun-size, so the full size cheesesteak almost looks like a footlong hotdog.  The meat is proportionate to the bun size, and as I said already, it was tasty.

Overall, it's more like 3.5 stars, but Forefathers is still the best cheesesteak I've had in the East Valley.
Stopped by today with husband.  We had the Geno's famous philly cheese steak, cheese fries, and wings.  Everything was very salty.  The cheese in the philly cheese steak and fries was very thin.  I wish there was more cheese.  The wings were the worst wings that I had ever had.  The sauce was thin, tasted like they mixed vinegar and tabasco sauce so it was spicy and sour.  Since it was thin it did not cling to the wings.  Although the outside of the wings were crispy, the meat was very chewy.  Fries were crispy but salty and with very thin cheese.  The service was fast and friendly, especially owner.  Place had nice decor and wass clean and comfortable.  Honestly, the only thing that tasted good there were the ranch that came with the wings and the soda.  I would not come back.
The Cheesesteaks are always delicious.  I just tried the Garlic Fires and they were great!   Leave your calories counter at home though...
Return visit for cholesterol bomb aka cheesesteak
Roll was sparse w meat. 2 cheessteaks, fries and drinks over $30
Getting ripped off makes me feel like I'm back in Philly
I like their cheesesteaks.  They were decent and tasted good.  The cheesesteaks were good enough for me to go back and try again.  I also enjoyed their Italian Sub.  It was authentic enough to the ones I remember growing up on in New Jersey.  One thing I won't order again are the garlic fries.  I don't know what it was that they put on it.  Was it like a garlic mayo?  Definitely not like Gordon Bierch's garlic fries.  They still reign supreme.
Great sandwiches. A little pricey, but it is well worth it. Service is normally pretty good, food is always exceptional, fast and efficient staff. I am a fan.
Great sandwiches, great staff, great prices. Why someone would go to a Subway or Quiznos in this area when there is an establishment this much better baffles my mind. The meats are phenomenal (Boars Head), the cheese is unbeatable, the bread is fresh, a few selections in teas (black sweetened, black, green sweetened, and raspberry), AWESOME brownies, and snack cakes only found back east. This place is great!
The flavor was good but for the price I would have expected a little more meat. I like more meat then bread but other then that it was good. I will try again!
What a Shock!

Had Philly Cheese Steaks coast to coast including Philly.  In 55 years of enjoying sandwiches;  This Gilbert Geno's has the distintion of being one of the worst sandwiches I have had.  I got a large on an OK bread with a small serving mix of goo that reminded me of Manwich out of a can.  Or Cincinnati Chili.   Either way, putting the Geno's name on it would make Joey Vento roll in his grave
Stopped in with great expectations...sorely disappointed.  Flavor of the sandwich was ok but certainly not anything to brag about.  The most disappointing thing was that it was so over priced for the product we received.  I really expected a fair amount of meat which we did not have on our sandwiches. Bread was on the verge of being stale.  Would also appreciate it if the staff would smile and speak loud enough to understand what they are saying.
Don't think I would go here again unless I used a groupon deal to save some money!  I love sandwiches and the one I had here was just so so. My boyfriend brought me here because he knows how much I love garlic fries.  I wouldn't get them here again, they weren't that great.

Growing up in the bay area, ca I know what garlic fries should taste like.  I would recommend getting them at Diamondback stadium or Yardhouse!  If that is what you are looking for ;)!
Great Cheesesteaks and a friendly atmophere with TV's to watch while eating..  A bit pricy but overall its a good place to eat!
I enjoyed the burger I ordered, but the cheese fries were completely inedible. I mean this literally, we ordered for delivery and by the time i got them they were practically a fried potato cheese soup. I didn't eat them at all. However, the burger was delicious and I would certainly order another one in the future.
Went there for the first time today. They use all Boars Head deli meat so they had me at hello. Also, the philly's are made of top sirloin. My hubby had the classic with whiz and I had the philly with provo. Both were very good and my hubby was worried because sometimes the whiz can make a philly too salty. Not here though. Bread was super soft. We also tried the fried pickles which were excellent. They were battered in a spicy jalapeno batter. We liked the mac salad too. It had chunks of cheddar cheese and wasn't too sweet or rich like many mac salads. Finally, to sweeten the deal, they sell Philly's original Tasty Kakes by the pack or by the box. LOVE LOVE LOVE Tasty Kakes. Overall, big thumbs up and we are looking forward to trying this place again.
We went to Geno's for dinner tonight & loved it! I had the 1/2 Chicken w/ grilled onions & it was delicious! My husband had the 1/2 steak & said it was delicious too!  The 1/2 size was more than enough & had a lot of meat! We've been looking for a place like this & we're so glad we found it! Clean, great service, & tasty sandwiches! We'll definitely be going back!
Taste good but a bit pricey and stingy on the meat.
I ordered a hot dog, loaded fries and a salad for delivery. when i questioned my total (which was very high considering the food I had ordered) the idiot that took my order failed to mention that there's a $3 "delivery" fee. My food took over an hour to arrive. When I handed the delivery man a twenty he did not even pretend that he was going to give me change. Had I been notified of the "delivery" fee, I would not have tipped him. Oh, I ordered a 20oz soda, which had leaked all of the cup.

The hot dog and fries were COLD when they arrived. not even warm. The hot dog looked as disgusting as it tasted. I could not finish it. The fries were disgusting and had 2 different kinds of "cheese" on them. I could not finish them either. 

The only redeeming quality of the meal was the rance dressing, which was good. Very over priced for what you get. 

I will NEVER eat here again, and would not recommend wasting money on the crap they tried to pass off of as food. 

If you're looking for a good hot dog and fries go to Luke's of Chicago, where they actually know how to prepare a quality meal.
went to Geno's for the first time at I have to say it will be my last.   We ordered the provolone cheese steak sandwich, gyro and fries. The meal cost around $20 so its pretty expensive for casual dining. The "cheese " steak was the absolute worst I've ever had. The cheese was non exsistant barely even there, the roll was soggy and cheap quality and the meat if it was meat was closer to canned dog food then steak. The gyro is also horrible. The meat was thin and tasteless, the pita was store bought and generic. The fries are junk too. I have no idea how this place stays in business but. What I do know is its not getting anymore of mine. If you have taste buds then geno's is not the place to go to. 1 star is too high a rating.
Serious.
Awesome.
A must try
Love the provolone philly but sometimes I get adventurous and try different sandwiches, doesn't matter, never disappointed. Oooh and Tastycakes!! Nuff Said!
The menu is pricey for steak sandwiches I know it Gilbert but come on. They should look at running specials to keep the prices down. The quality and portions are not as high as would like think for the price you paying.

They are better place in the valley as better prices for the same product.
We had a late lunch here, food was very good, but a little pricey.

Place was VERY clean and employees were friendly and actively cleaning tables and floor - GOOD!

Wings were smaller than the ones you normally get at places like buffalo Wild wings, but sauces were awesome! w had Garlic hot and Tangy Spicey.

Also had :
half Philly,
Bacon Ranch Fries
Turkey Sandwich, 
Fried Pickles 
and all were good.
$31 for a BIG lunch for 2.
We'll be back
R
Cheesesteak is amazing.....however I think they are using prices from NYC! $10 for a sub is crazy in Gilbert, AZ. - 5 Stars if they had AZ appropriate pricing.
Eh...

I've eaten here a number of times due to my misfortune of being stuck near the location or because visiting friends want to give it a try. That being said - I think I have had a few items in every category in hopes of not being disappointed. It never works out.

The sandwiches use run-of-the-mill restaurant supply bread allowing it to be stale (if you go later in the week) or even completely out of the more unique variety  - such as wheat. For the average price of about $10 I expect fresh bread. Even subway makes it fresh and they change almost 50% less. 

Burgers are the best item on the menu (taste wise), boneless wings are very small, everything is over priced but they do have some GREAT tasting sauces!

To give the sandwich shop some credit the staff has always been great, the location is very clean and . . . well they make the food for me when I ask them to?

If you're looking for a place for a great sandwich look no further than Harvey American Public House in the same shopping center.
Great gyro and fries! My buddy came along and got the hot dog and apparently it was amazing. Nice little atmosphere with TVs, Feel like it's a great place for a quick bite that's not too expensive.
Really good provolone Philly and I love the fries. What I really appreciate is that it's very clean and the employees are nice. The food is served pretty quick.
It's really hard for me to find a philly cheesesteak that I like, much less love. But Geno's got me hooked. With their fresh, piping hot, cheesy extra onion n' pepper cheesesteak, it was nothing less than spectacular. It melted in my hands and mouth.

I usually imagine a soggy, tasteless, sandwich like Charlie's, but this place is quite the opposite. The bread was crisp and crunchy, meat was plentiful, and veggies were flavorful. Good presentation, should have taken a picture but I wolfed that mother down. Staff was friendly, and place was clean and stocked. Kinda strange I was the only person there at the time, but it was like 3 in the afternoon. Job well done.
Food was awful, too expensive and service was terrible they didn't even accept Yelp coupon. Come on u can't honor the coupon and call yelp and fix it later, was 20% worth losing a customer??? They're lucky I'm giving them a star! Never going back there again!
We stopped her for a change. I don't want to get into the Pat's vs. Geno's from Philly.  I was just excited at the possibility of a good cheesesteak sandwich.

I ordered the Geno's Special?  Cheesesteak with Cheese Wiz.  It was very disappointing.  $8.99.  Sandwich only.  No chips, no drink.  Fries are another $3.00. 

The sandwich was small.  Not filled very much with meat. I ended up with an inch of bun (at least) without any meat. The buns are soft and do not hold up very well to the juice and mess. Not that there was much in filling to really make much of a difference. 

The only positive was that it did taste good!

But I will not go back.  $13.00 for a sandwich and drink is not worth it.  I would pay this if it were a good sandwich. I would probably pay more..  

Also, my friend had Cheesesteak with Provolone.  Very much the same.
It's interesting how different their food is depending on where/when you eat it.

I usually get the Italian sub, and while it's great if you eat at the restaurant, it's a very wet sandwich and doesn't travel well.  It's not great if you get it to go and let it sit more than 10 minutes before eating it.  It's soggy and downright bad if you get it delivered.

The buffalo wings are pretty good with a nice kick of heat.  The french fries are crunchy and salty - pretty darn tasty.

As other reviewers have mentioned, the prices are a bit higher than other sub places, but if you get a coupon in the mail or from a previous order, you can save a few bucks.
I went to Genos for the 1st time because I wanted a cheesesteak.  The cheesesteak cost $9.49, which is a bit high for this sandwich.  The cheesesteak was very good, but not filling, especially for $9.49.  For that price, it should come with fries.  The are other cheesesteaks places that give you more meat for the same or less price, like Forefathers, Capriottis, or Corleone's.

If you want a good cheesesteak, this place is good.  If you want a better cheesesteak with sides or more meat, go somewhere else.
We tried this place twice and hated it! The prices are ridiculous and there was no meat in the sandwich. I hated the cheese and the meat was fatty. I have been to Philly  and an original cheesesteak and this is not even close. I thought Capriottis was great compared to this place but it went a little down hill they use less meat and it's dry. If you want a great Philly go to Mikes burgers and cheesesteaks
I've been to this place a couple of times.. stopped by again today after probably 2 years.  While the sandwiches are good, its taken 15 minutes to make them on each occasion.. plus the sandwiches alone are over $10.. and the sandwiches really aren't very big - this price also does not include a drink or anything else.  While it tastes good, it really isn't a very good value.  If you can wait a while and pay more than most other places, this place is for you.  Despite the great tasting sandwich, I probably won't go back.. I'm really mixed on this place.
Really yummy grilled chicken cheesesteak! Freshly made and friendly service. I like the lunch special with fries and drink for under 6.00!
Tried this again on a spur of the moment and I was quickly reminded, within the first bite, of the Philly Cheesesteak, exactly why I stopped going here for this sandwich! Just not good! Tastes like beef soaked in salt/brine! A bit costly for a garden salad, small beverage and 1/2 sandwich (5 inches). Was over 12bucks!  Sorry but I will pass this spot in the future.
If you're looking for a good sandwich, it's tough to beat Geno's. Not a lot of decent places around Gilbert other than TGIF, Applebees, etc...so Geno's stands out. The classic and the provolone are done just right. If you're going to go with take out, get it home fast. As with most cheessteaks, it doesn't take long to get a soggy sandwich. Wings are solid as well.
I just ordered 2 cheese steak combos, what a disappointment. Definitely not authentic, if you are wondering I am from Philadelphia.  Over priced and the sandwich is very small, $26.60 for the two combos. Check out my photos for a better reference.   The website photo makes the sandwich  look much bigger.  I will not be returning.
Only ordered from this place because it was convenient. Last 2 times was very disappointing. Probably will not go again.  Too many kids running the place with no visible manager to give them direction.  They forget about orders, don't care how they come out and really are going to take a good investment and ruin it for the manager/owner.  Try another place if you can help it.
I have been here a few times, but each time there is less and less meat and the price stays around $10. The people working are generally rude. I gave it two stars only because they could actually make a decent sandwich if they used a little more meat. The quality is actually pretty good (boars head) and tasty. I grew up in NJ, so I've been to Philly and had the real deal. If you're in East Gilbert and need a quick fix, be prepared to pay the price, otherwise, head out to Forefathers, Philly's Famous or Corleone's for a heartier sandwich for the same price.
If there was an option to rate it with no stars I would since this place is nothing to rave about! The lady that was placing our order with the glasses and short black hair was completely rude and didn't look like she liked her job! Once my dad and I received our food, my dad's salad was wrong so he brought it back up to the counter and once he got back to the table I could over hear that rude lady say something about oh he could've just picked off the olives! The burger I had was cold and not that tasty! I could've got a better burger at Burger King right next door!!! Due to the rude customer service and the crappy food quality my dad and I will never be returning here again!
Just moved into the area and spotted cheese steak on their sign as we were driving by.  I got the famous cheese steak and my wife got the garlic chicken gyro with Greek fries.  

I have to say we were a little skeptical going into it as the variety of selection made us a little worried it wouldn't be that great.  Boy were we wrong!  

The famous cheese sauce and onions made this one off the better cheese steaks I've had outside of Philly.  I was too hap happy with my sandwich to try a bite off my wife's but she said it was very tasty.  And we were both surprised that the feta cheese and Greek dressing on fries went so well together.  My wife doesn't usually eat a lot of fries but this time the while container was empty!

Definite A+ for me and we will be going back for sure.
I started with 4 stars because the food was good but not special. I got the famous cheesesteak combo. The bread was fresh & tasty with a fair amount of meat. The fries were not too old.  I also got a slice of cheese pizza that was pretty good too. The crust was baked fresh. 

I took off another star because of the iced tea. If you are a soda drinker, you are good to go here with coca-cola products; however if you enjoy iced tea, they have the nasty Gold Peak fake syrup tea. May as we'll have instant tea.   

If I should ever return, I will bring my own beverage.
I order their chicken wings most of the time and it taste amazing. This time I tried ordering a ham and cheese sub, but when I got it, there was wasabi smeared all on the sub. I could not even eat it. The weird thing is that I didn't ask for any other sauces when I ordered. I'll just stick with the wings.
Great food. Ordered the cheesesteak and garlic fries: good size, hot, and full of flavor. Staff wasn't the friendliest, but it was late on a Sunday evening so we understood and let it slide. Will definitely be back!!!
It's no secret that I'm a fan of Cheesesteaks and Pizza. In spite of the fact this place seems like it is some big national chain, it's actually a small local thing with only a handful of locations and a few different owners. It's definitely worth a look. 

I had lunch here today, and it's now 5pm and I'm still feeling good about it. I ate a cheeseteak this time - a full - it's a lot of food. The sandwich was stuffed with a copious amount of flavorful strip steak and traditional cheese whiz. The bread was a fresh and chewy roll that was almost like a bagel texture and flavor. It was sturdy enough that it didn't get soggy or fall apart as I took my time devouring the thing. 

Most cheesesteaks in the Valley are at least pretty similar if the restaurants source their food from the same distributor (which most do) - and even though it's a fairly simple sandwhich, it's easy to mess up or get wrong. I'm happy to report that the cheesesteak here is reliably delicious, and apart from some of the local places that do cheesesteaks vastly different from the norm (for better or worse), this one is among the top choices. 

Next time, I'm definitely going to have to try their pizzas. 

The owner here is really nice, and we chatted for a bit about this and that... if I find myself in this part of town again, I'll definitely come back. They apparently have a pretty huge delivery area too if you live nearby. I mean, you can get burgers, hot dogs, subs, wings, pizza, salads, and cheesesteaks delivered? If you suck at cooking, you can have something different delivered every night of the week. What more could you ask for?
I've now been here 4 times and I swear it gets better every time. Today I enjoyed the Geno's Famous Philly (keep in mind I have never been a big fan of Philly cheesesteaks) and it was one of the best meals I have had in a while. Add in the fact that there is a 20% check in offer and I will soon be the Duke of this place!
LOVE Geno's! They use to be good, but just stopped by there the other day and they must have improved something because it was better then good. Haven't tried their pizzas yet, but that's next on the list.
When i lived in Chandler this was one of the places that delivered to the house. I like that they had a delivery option, though as with most food....dining in is almost always better. 

Geno's makes a mean Chicken Cheddar Ranch sub and a rockin Provolone Philly. The Cranberry Pecan salad is tasty also if you are looking for something a little lighter (or bread-less.) In addition to the subs the fries are pretty delicious, i enjoy the Bacon Ranch Fries (do not try to get these delivered as they don't travel very well, they get a little soggy.)

The customer service is decent, the delivery times are a little long on the weekends (like most places.)
First off, I am not from Pilly so if you are judging this place based on how great the subs are compared to Pat's or Gino's in Philly, I can't help you with that question.  

However, this place is clean, staff are friendly, service is good, food is very good.  Definitely a great choice for lunch with their 6.49 for a cheesesteak of your choice, fries or chips and a drink.
And don't restrict yourself to just regular cheesesteak with the yellow cheese, those are good, the ones here are very juicy and cheesy :)  But check out their other cheesesteaks, they have one with peppers which they pair with some semi-spicy peppers and white cheese.  Its a great combo as the white cheese does not overwhelm the taste of the peppers.  I have been here twice and had the regular and the pepper and both are very yummy.

Also, you will be surprised that they sell pretty decent pizza here.  Its not the dominos-full of tomato sauce below their cheese pizza, but actual decent ingredients you can see and taste and comment on their freshness.  We had a lady give us some pepperoni and sausage pizza slices to us the first time we went, not cause its no good, but because they were expecting a smaller pizza; and the large she ordered was too big for her and her son.  They too have a nice pizza deal, 5 dollars for a large pizza and every topping after it is just 1 dollar.  You really can't beat that.  Anyway, the pizza the lady gave us was cold but it still tasted very good and fresh, and not overflowing with the canned tomato sauce you find in most delivery pizza.

Last but not least, they deliver, so if you live around this area, good for u, I came here for lunch but I live in the other direction so I guess I will have to check out their other branch in tempe.  But really, come here for the fast friendly service and really decent cheesesteak.  Oh and don't get that weird tasting cheesesteak from subway, come here and get some of this, your tummy will thank you :)
I've only ever had their pizza (which is fabulous) until today, when I got their provolone philly. It was really, really good. I got a half sandwich, and I am glad I did because it was GIGANTIC. I got fries and a drink as well... the fries definitely leave something to be desired. Granted, I got my food delivered, and maybe that's why they were lukewarm and soggy... it's possible.... but I still didn't really eat them.
The prices are decent, as well, with my whole meal costing around $7... it was worth it.
The saving grace was the friendly staff and the absolutely mouth-watering philly. The sandwich was made to my specifications and was just absolutely yummy. I would recommend getting the provolone philly to just about anyone (except vegetarians and vegans).
Customer service was bad. They wouldnt honor a coupon, instead they would only offer a 2 dollar discount off the total bill. The owner was rude and mean toward his employees. I'm not sure if I would bring my business back to an employer that was disrespectful toward the people he employs. I have ordered here before and the food was good. However, this does not excuse the lack of customer service and disrespect of management toward their employees.
Took over 20 minutes to get a two sandwiches and french fries... Fries taste stale... There were only two pieces of meat in my Gyro.... Do not recommend
I only gave this deli 1 star because you couldn't choose 0 stars.
I have ordered from Geno's a few times in the past while my husband was camping.  I wanted to be lazy and decided delivery was the best option on a couple of those nights.  The staff was pleasant on the phone those few times which is why when my food was delivered cold and incorrectly I didn't complain.  I felt I was being lazy, so I got what I got.
However, I ordered tonight after a long day of soccer games and was excited that my husband was on board even though he had heard horrible reviews in the past.
My first clue should have been the lady on the phone saying "Okay your order will be there as soon as it's done," then click.  No waiting time or thank you or anything.
Over an hour later our food finally arrived - my husband was at the door with the delivery driver while I was checking to make sure our order was correct.  EVERYTHING was COLD!  COLD Mozzarella sticks, COLD Philly, COLD wings, COLD chili cheese fries, COLD everything!  
The delivery driver tried to walk off as we were advising that the food was COLD.... not very nice in my opinion.
We asked him to take it back and called the manager, who recited the companies guidelines.  We explained the guidelines might be so, however, this food tonight was not acceptable as it was ice cold.  There was nothing they were willing to do to make it up.  It wasn't even offered that they would redeliver hot food.
VERY disappointed with the lack of customer care and the complete lack of customer service.  Sad to say I will not be going back.  Ever.
I've tried Geno's THREE TIMES because they carry Boarshead meats.  But every time, I come away disappointed.  The quality is good, but the sandwich is expensive for a walk up ($8.99) and IT'S ALL BREAD.  Today my sandwich had two thin slices of ham and a single slice of cheese that was thicker than the two slices of ham combined.  As a result, the taste of the cheese was overpowering.  I was AGAIN disappointed.

Three times is a charm.  I get it.  I WON'T BE BACK.
Disappointed...my husband and I started going here when they first opened and it was really good. But now they added pizza to their menu and changed their bread they use for their subs...bummer.
UPDATE 6/24/14
I had a check in offer I decided to use tonight for dinner. I called in my order to pick up, and once I arrived everyone was cheery and welcoming, and the very helpful young lady that was working the other night helped me out again. Even more awesome, she remembered my daughter and I! Had the chicken pita and garlic fries, and they were delicious! Had to add the 5th star! Great experience tonight


Original Review
My daughter and I had dinner here a few days ago. It was our first visit, and we really enjoyed the food. We shared a gyro pita, Greek fries, and boneless bbq wings. We ate in, the food was made quickly....the only reason it's 4 stars and not 5, is when the kitchen staff rang the bell for the front of the house staff to pick up the food(there was a ton of food ready in the window btw), the one who was NOT busy did not immediately check to see what was ready to go bring it out.... Pretty much waited around a few minutes not doing anything. There were at least 3 other families in the dining room waiting for their food, plus I know they had some call in / to go orders also waiting. So, kudos to the kitchen, and the young lady who helped us out and took our order, perhaps the other employee was just having an off day. Or maybe she's the reason for the other reviews on here saying their to go/ delivery order took forever? Either way I'll be returning(for now), because the food is delicious!
Do not waste your time and money!!!!  Sandwich was all bread and the meat was very dry!!!  My buddy ordered a gyro....huge mistake!!!  Pita was very cold and fell apart.  It taste nothing like a gyro!!

This place sucks!!  What a waste of $20
HORRIBLE customer service. Gal at the cash register ruined customer for life.  
Completely messed up my order and when I let her know- she just stared at me.  When I complained again she said - I guess I can have them re make it. 
When it was brought back to me it was completely wrong again. No apologies- no customer service.  
Beyond rude and the food was cold.
i hesitated to eat at this establishment inside the pump-n-munch for a few reasons, not the least being that it touts it's 'gangster style.' what the hell does that even mean? they have tiny toons characters on their menu. how gangster is that?

not to mention the fact that the exterior of the gas station is adorned with about 500 obnoxious banners announcing such delicacies as the 'gangster fries.' 

oh. and also because it's inside a gas station the size of a shoebox.

but rocket burger and subs was closed when i finally got around to eating. which is fine, since those guys probably spend 80 hours a week bringing us quality food and myriad of exotic sodas, they deserve to go home at a reasonable hour.

that said, i had the gangster fries at eat this! sure, i felt ridiculous ordering it. but i enjoyed it. crinkle-cut fries, gyro meat and nacho cheese. the gyro meat was freshly carved and very flavorful. 

their menu is pretty small and standard, with burgers, chicken fingers and the like. but it's better food that one would normally find at a gas station. and probably a viable option if the rocket burger boys have closed up shop for the night.

also. you need to read ryan. c.'s review of said shoebox gas station. it is hilarious: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pump-n-munch-phoenix
Well, I wanted to try a sandwich here but ended up getting here just after the deli closed. I was going to buy a drink and pick up a to-go menu but that didn't work out either. Turns out this place RIPS YOU OFF for using your debit or credit card. It's a 50 cent charge for using plastic. I will not be coming back to this place ever because of this. Just a warning to everyone who wants to eat here or even buy gas or anything else. Be prepared to cough up an extra 50 cents if you use plastic.

 Right across the street is an excellent sub place, "Rocket burger and subs" so go there instead.
THIS IS A GAS STATION NOT A RESTAURANT OR DELI.
This is awful, you would not want to go in there, it looks like a horror movie.
A diamond in the rough!

I can understand that some people might be turned off by the fact that it's in a gas station, and the ordering system is a bit unorthodox, but if you're adventurous about your food it should be a non-issue.

Bottom-line, if you're looking for a DELICIOUS, HUGE, and CHEAP gyro combo, look no further.  A must try!
THIS IS NOT A RESTAURANT OR A DELI, it is a gas station!!!!!!!!!!!!you cannot sit or eat there, it is awful
Not a bad little lunch spot.  I used a groupon that I scored for free for $20 of food. Yes its in a gas station, and the gas station is small.  This should tell you that you are probably going to take it go unless you want to sit out side at the picnic table and watch people pump gas while you eat, I think me not.  Ordering is pretty simple, and the food is cheap and pretty tasty.  King Gryos is still my fave in the area and is the one to beat.  Basically its like they are subletting a space in the gas station.  Its a greek greasy spoon.  If you need some quick greek or grill take out like gyros give it a try.  If you feel the need to park your can to get the restaurant feel during lunch, this may provide you some nice redneck entertainment if thats what you are into.
**************this is not a restaurant or a deli, it is a gas station******
do not go here, it is not a place to eat at all*************
I really don't understand the negative reviews on this place....Yes it is in a gas station and Yes it is a greasy spoon type place. That being said, this is not your typical am/pm type junk. Let me state that the service here is ridiculously good, I believe the guys name is Steve at the 35th and union hills location, This guy deserves a raise, I have been in the restaurant biz for years and let me tell you this guy knows what he is doing, he is fast, professional, and extremely friendly. As a new customer to Eat This!, he went over the menu and gave me a togo menu as well, on this visit, i got the ganster fries. These Ganster fries are off the hook, a more than ample portion of fries, slathered with delcious cheese sauce and topped with a heap of gyro meat. If you are into cheese fries, I urge you to give these a try! I will be a returning customer and am excited to try the fish and chips. 

Overall: Amazing Service, Great Food quality and cheap prices

I will be BACK!!!
Very fresh ingredients, call ahead and it'll be ready when you pick it up.  Friendly cook and awesome gyros!!!  Would not expect that from a deli inside a convenience store, but don't judge a book by its cover!  Heard they've opened a new location at Union Hills & 35th Ave. Def gotta check that out now!
I truly feel that this place is clean and sanitary.  When they first opened they had great portions and great prices.  Now that they are somewhat established they have raised the prices and the portions have gotten smaller.  This makes me less likely to order their anymore.  

I really wish that they would re-think their prices because at the end of the day this place is still inside a gas station.
As a former exchange student in Berlin, I fell in love with eating Gyros, which they called Dner.  There's Nothing More German Than a Big, Fat Juicy Dner Kebab!  (Actually made by Turkish immigrants). I have personally searched all over the Metro Phoenix, Arizona area, and the best Dner Kebab or Gyros comes from a small dive of a place, inside the Shell gas station at 35th Avenue and Cactus called "Eat This!" Das schmeckt! :) At $4 bucks I should order 20 more and take them home to freeze! Eat This gets 5 Stars for Best Gyros in Phoenix, beating out Haji Baba's in Tempe! I call ahead and usually have them add a Philly (also great) alongside!  Enjoy :)
Don't let the look of the place fool you. The food here is bomb! The chicken tenders are homemade and are seriously amazing. The gangster fries are heaven - covered nacho cheese, gyro meat and jalapeos!!! Oh and the gangster burger is insanely satisfying - A Cheese burger with the regular fixings plus gyro meat and nacho cheese - it's every man's dream come true! I have yet to order the gangster burger + gangster fries together - If you did I think you would just die out of happiness! They also have a killer greek salad for the people trying to watch the waistline. Perfect place to grab take out after work/class!
One would never think you could find truly good food tucked inside a gas station! Dont let the "wrapping" fool you! What is inside is well worth it!
My only complaint is that I wish they had longer hours.......nothing sucks more than wanting a gyro or some of their delicious fries around 7:30pm and they are already closed :(
I was looking for a good drink and went to starbucks. Well next door is Jersey Mikes so I decided to check it out. Right when I walked in I was greated with a smile and friendly hello. I have never heard of this place so I let them know and then gave me a run down of the menu. Needless to say it sounded delicious so I had to get one. I went with the Original Italian, Mikes Way (the recomendation for all subs). I had to take it to go because I was pressed for time, but I got a free cookie for my first time...yum! Awesome cookies.

Id say all in all this is the best sub shop I've been to. They cut all the meats in front of you, the bread is baked daily and the roast beef is always perfect!
I had a coupon for a free sub from this place (I know, AWESOME!), so stopped by to spend it up. 

I was immediately greeted by the friendly and engaging guy behind the counter, who kept up a cheerful conversation with me throughout the preparation of my order. Didn't even bat an eye at the coupon. Love that!

The sub I ordered was the Turkey provolone. I had it "Mike's Way", and it tasted great. The meat is sliced when you order it. The bread was fresh, with a crispy exterior and a soft interior. 

Friends who know me know that I refuse to eat at or even enter a Subway because I just can't handle how it smells in there. Completely opposite experience here.

Great food, excellent service, clean and convenient location. Yay!
My boss ordered a bunch of turkey subs, ham subs, and beef subs and I was addicted.  Took my boyfriend here (who was completely dedicated to ONLY getting his subs from Jimmy John's) and he is now converted!  He's always asking if we can go.  The staff here is really nice and welcoming.  They'll make you feel like you've been a regular for years as soon as you walk in the door.

Make sure no matter what, though...you always have to get your sub made "MIKE'S WAY"!!!
The overall experience was pretty good. I will probably go back - the only downside, in my opinion, is that the prices are rather high for a sandwich shop.  I paid $6 for a 5 1/2 inch sandwich (pre-tax).  The products used (meats, cheeses, veggies) are very good quality, but still the size of the sandwich didn't seem to match the overall price paid.
The sandwiches were freakin awesome!!! High quality everything, the flavor shows. The employees gave us one of the most friendly and attentive and enjoyable experiences we have ever had!! They pay close attention to what they are doing, and put together really great sandwiches!! I had a turkey and provolone mikes way, the hubby had one of the "Italian" meat sandwiches also mikes way.
Okay, so it's a "chain restaurant," but you'd never know it by the quality sandwiches and welcoming staff. 

I always love walking in the door and being greeted by a laughing, singing, and altogether boisterously friendly crew. 

The quality of the sandwiches is above any other "chain" sub shop. All the meat and cheese is freshly cut when you order, the bread is always great, and the veggies are above par (i.e. no wilted tomatoes etc.). 

Subway fans... Fear Mike!
Love the #13 Mike's way, went yesterday for my free birthday sub and drink with my Fiance and it was Awesome as usual. Great food and staff!
Its a bonus that they always send out coupons too!

Highly Recommend!
We have been back about ten more times (I know I need to do checkins) and it is always great.  Best customer service, great sandwiches, I love Jersey Mike's!
Any deli shop in AZ that has capicola ham deserves some stars.  They have a good selection of sandwiches and chips.  Just shows how much Subway is losing it brand when these spots are popping up and you come in and leave very refreshed that there are better options
I would have given this shop a 4 even 5 star review until Monday March 12, we went in a few minutes after 5 only 1 young man working up front, 2 in back.  The young man upfront was slicing lettuce and we had to wait until he was done, I noticed that while cutting up the lettuce and breaking it apart he had no gloves on thought that was odd as he had his hands in the lettuce almost like kneading bread.  We were finally able to place our order only to find out that they had no Roast Beef.  Needless to say due to the glove incident and no RB I plan not to go again.  We used to go every payday with anywhere from 3 to 6 people.  Tried to call customer relations but all you could do was leave a message and when I called back to see if I could actually speak to an individual everyone was at an offsite meeting.  Store manager seemed to be concerned about not having gloves on but really nothing more.
I love this place.  Their bread is good.  The selection of sandwiches is awesome.  I only get the tuna and it's AMAZING.  The staff behind the counter always appear chipper and happy to make your sandwich.
My family and I had an OUTSTANDING experience at Jersey Mike's. The staffs were beyond A+!! My 19yr Daughter who is pregnant became ill (NOT FROM THE FOOD) but from her issues she's been having. The staff did everything they could to help out and making sure she was okay. They even stayed late to ensure she was okay to leave with us. We have NEVER had such caring staff restaurant before. Now about our subs WOW they were so good blows Subway, Blimpie and the other so called fresh sub places.
I was actually a little let down after my first time of trying Jersey Mike's because I was expecting something amazing from all the positive things I have heard about it. 

My opinion was that it was slightly better than Subway, but there are several other sandwich places I would rather go to. I ordered an Italian sandwich, and it was good but quite standard. I was not impressed with the prices and found them to be a little much, so its not likely that this place will be a regular stop for me.
hmmmmmm.... something has changed... the place was a mess, crumbs on every table, drink area a disaster, sloppier made sandwich... better bounce back!! I miss the old crew!!
Was craving a GOOD sandwich. Originially from NJ and not too familair with any deli's or sandwich spots in the area, and after a very disappointing meal at Subway, we decided to try Jersey Mikes. I got a Turkey and provolone with extra oil and vinegar, lettuce, and tomatoes. The sandwich was awesome. It definitely hit the spot. Only complaint was that there was way too much mayo on it, but I will ask for less next time. Will definitely eat there again!
I went to the one on 7th ave & mcdowell , and it was the worst Philly cheese steak I ever had.  This place is way overrated and overpriced!!!
We love Jersey Mike's everyone is so nice and the food is delicious! We eat here a lot and have always had the best service. We've been at all different times of days and have had different people help us and each time they take great care of us.
I love Jersey Mikes! I usually get the Italian sub, and it's amazing! I also got the Philly Cheesesteak and it was the sooooo good! They are friendly whenever I go in. I do think it's a little pricey, but way better quality than Subway.
Jersey Mike's is delicious. 

That being said, a request for the staff: When someone orders something that is obviously a pain to make, or involves something extra, don't make comments about how much food it is OUT LOUD, and "how on earth could someone eat this much food?". Ever stop to think that the sandwich will last me a few days? Sheesh.
We went in and ordered two meatball subs to go. After waiting about ten minutes someone comes out and tells us that they only had enough meatballs ready for my girlfriends small sub. I would have to wait while they cooked more meatballs for my large sub. We said OK. About ten minutes passed and they brought out my sub. It seemed fast for meatballs to cook but I didn't think anything of it, YET! I ate my sub at home and woke about 3:00 am sick as a dog. I'm not going to go into the gross details but suffice it to say that the only reason they got one star from me is because there is no lower rating. I will NEVER go back to this place. It's nothing but a bunch of kids working there and I don't think they know the first thing about food safety.
Good subs, friendly employees and fast service. The bread tastes very fresh and the sandwiches are pretty simple -- my wife and kids are 'holders' and they don't have to ask to have anything left off their subs here.

I've never been there when they have been crowded, so take that into account. A but pricey, but I'd go here over Subway or Port of Subs any time.
Wow! This place was awful. Subs were not terrible, but not in any way great. You walk in, and all the employees (who could be considered the only "special" part of this experience) scream something at you. Then a lesbian greets you, and teaches you how to read a menu, and place an order. You wait 15 minutes, and one of the tards..err, I mean employees brings you your food. I honestly don't even remember what I ordered, that's how mundane the food is here. Their "famous lemonade" tastes like someone put a bunch of wet naps into a bowl of water, sipped it, realized it was nasty as hell..then put 8 lbs of sugar and food coloring into it. Every time I drive by, I visualize the place engulfed in flames. Fitting-
You haven't eaten here yet!? This place tastes amazing! No joke. This is by far my favorite sub place.  Unfortunately I only go there so often cause I HATE the employees.  It's a super annoying environment and they're SO unprofessional there. Every time I go, without fail, there is some "freind" of an employee there hanging out. And they're goofing around and ugh... It's just an immature environment. 
But the food is to die for... If only they had a drive-thru.
Good subs, better than subway.
I had heard so much good stuff about this place, I just had to try it. And boy, was it everything I had heard & better. I got the hawaiian pulled pork with coleslaw. Holy Pig! That was the best sandwich I've had in a loooong time. I will definitely be back to this place.
I tried the New York Steamer at Firehouse subs today - wow, that was a lot of flavor. 
They start with a soft-baked roll, 8" or 12". They pile it high with corned beef and pastrami, melt some provolone on top and then dress it with mustard, mayo and Italian dressing. 
I recommend getting those toppings.  They add just the right zing and juiciness. A dill spear arrives on the side. 
Even with a full house, my lunch was ready in eight minutes. Yay.
Love Firehouse Subs, switched things up and tried the Turkey Bacon Ranch, it was amazing!
Best place for a quick sandwich lunch without sacrificing the flavor! My favorite is the engineer with added hot sauce from the 30 bottle display. I do wish they wouldn't hound for donations so much though when you're at the register. I mean rounding up is enough to donate each time- do I really need to donate more for a sticker on the wall or a used pickle bucket? STOP ASKING in THREE different ways, it just makes me feel bad or look bad when I say no.
These subs are the best around. Definitely try the meatball!
We love Firehouse.  I always get the Italian and my daughter the Hook and Ladder.  And love the Peach-Sprite
Hot subs, hot sauces, million mix a match Coke machine, and friendly service with a smile and eye contact.  Wow, like this place for sure.  Nice simple menu to keep things going, good choices though, including a hot veggie sandwich.

Located on SE corner of 67th ave. & the 101 next to ACE Hardware.  Can't miss it.
Awesome subs, the bread was fresh and tasty. The staff is very friendly. My kids don't eat sandwiches and tried them and loved them. They gave my kids a fire hat which they were really excited about. Friendly greeting when you arrived and a big "Thank You" when you leave. Would definitely go back again.
Firehouse subs...  If you have not tried it your missing out. "DELICIOUS"  Food taste great, service is great, prices are great.
Awarded Analynn's :)
Wow! Is all I can say about this sub shop. I just ate a Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket for lunch. 1st visit to this place by the way. The only complaint I can make is to myself for not getting the bigger sub. This sub was Saweeeet! The meat was cooked just right. The cheese was melted perfectly. The sauce  Mmm Mmm Mmm good! The fountain drink dispenser was a first for me too. Coca Cola exterior with a Touch Screen beverage selection, too cool. I will be going back to try a few other subs this place has to offer, but one can't go wrong with the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket.....Scrumptious!
We rolled in tonight at 9pm and everyone in this place greeted me!  They asked if I'd ever been to a Firehouse Subs - I replied NO - and they told me about how they do things differently.  I wasn't in the mood for a sub (I came with friends) so I got a bowl of CHILI.  It was fairly standard but good.  They added some cheese and chopped up some onions and put that in too.  I was very pleased.  And once again let me say - the people were very friendly and welcoming.  I'll be coming back soon.
I was really surprised when I saw that so far, no one else has had the problems that I've had while going to firehouse. 

I've been there probably 4 times. I get the same sub every time. There's usually like, 8 people working. The first time I went, everyone greeted me when I walked in, but they seemed bored. Zombie-fied. Like they were automatically programmed to say "Welcome to Firehouse" whenever the door opened. 

The first time I went, there was a group of employees talking to a girl who seemed to be cleaning on the other side of the line. They asked her what time she got off. She said, "Nine." Well, when I got out of my care (parked right outside) my clock said 8:45ish. They asked her if she wanted to take a 10 minutes break. But...that didn't make sense, she gets off at nine...I guess it just seemed a little to...overstaffed. The feeling of having so many employees seems so lackadaisical when reflected onto the customer. 

I will admit that an employ has never been rude, or made me feel awkward, and that's a huge plus. 

Whenever I go, their drink machine is ALWAYS out of whatever flavored syrup I want to try. That have a cool machine that can make like, 300+ flavors or something. But whenever I get in line to get a combo I hear someone at the fountain going "Oh, they're out of syrup" "It's mostly water today." "Very watery, wonder if they're running low on supplies." 

I don't think they serve any cold sandwiches on purpose--but I normally get either a steak or a chicken sandwich. Even though they're supposed to be warm, and there are like, 95320483209420394823 people on staff to get the job done, my sandwich is almost always either lukewarm or just barely warm. I don't want my sandwich to be mouth burning hot, but you know...I don't think I could change a mood ring's color with these sandwiches sometimes. 

For that amount of people to be on a line, working on sandwiches all day every day, I expect them to be a certain tempurature--no, they can't determine what every customer's preference is. But you CAN wait for the sandwich to cool off. You CAN'T make the sandwich warmer, unless you're going home and are planning to put it in the microwave (can't do if you're on your lunch break, for most people.) 

Personally, I feel like their 8 inch subs are a little teensy bit over priced for the lukewarm product I get at the end. I feel like I could get a perfectly warm sandwich at subway for probably a little bit less (footlong). But their bread trumps Subway's and Quizno's any day. It's a heavy competitor for JJ's. But that's no reason to raise the price a whole dollar and a half and then some. 








TL;DR I like the place, but I feel like they're a little overstaffed and have some tiny kinks they need to work out. Including tweaks in pricing.
We LOVE this place!  The employees have managed to find that perfect balance- they're helpful and attentive without being intrusive.  The sandwiches are BEYOND delicious!  The bread is excellent, the variety is outstanding, and their hot sauce bar is brilliant!  We live less than a mile from Firehouse, so we'll be back!
The sub contents were good but the. Bread they use is very average!
Firehouse Subs is one of the best sub places around, in my humble opinion. We miss them from when we lived in South Florida. We found this Firehouse Subs just as good and consistent as back in Florida.

First of all, their meatball subs are like a work of art. It's not often that I have seen such a beautiful, mouth-watering meatball sandwich - I'm not exaggerating about that either. 

I came back to Firehouse Subs and got another one the other day and it was like reuniting with that one girl; you know, that one from college you never told your parents about... aww yeah, what memories.

Their other sandwiches, while not being as visually stunning as the meatball, have their appealing idiosyncrasies. Sort of like that other girls from college - all kinds of varieties with their own appeal in one way or another.  Some were "fiery hot" while other were more sophisticated and refined. 


This is a great place for a sub sandwich!  They food is very tasty, service is fast and friendly and they are conveniently located just south of the 101Hwy on 67th Ave.  I hope to see you there.
I went to this place for the first time a couple of weeks ago. It's new and clean and of course it's got 'firemen' parafanalia all over. The staff was friendly and attentive. It had some interesting combinations and my food came out pretty quick. I enjoyed it and 1/2 a sandwich was just right for me. It was pretty much the same price as JerseyMike's but with more creative menu choices.  Let's just say this;  "It ain't Vita Mia's on Harrison Avenue in Garfield"..... but you're not going to get better on the westside.  I give the Firehouse subs  a good solid 7 out of 10  Pepperoncini's.
A few people have told me that I need to try Firehouse Subs, so I finally got my chance today after a meeting up in Glendale .  This place has some unique concepts in both the food and dcor.  They have a huge selection of hot sauces lined up to try, plus they provide small sauce cups to fill if you are getting it to go.  They also have the fancy new coke soda fountains that allow you to create your own blends of soda.  Of course, they also have several firehouse decorations and dedications to fire departments.  

I chose to try the Italian sub, which had the usual combination of Italian meats and provolone.  I let them make it as described on the menu, plus their  "Fully Involved" combination of toppings.  I sort of missed the part that they serve almost all their subs warm, and I was actually picking it up about an hour before I was going to have lunch, so I feel like I can't accurately judge it.  I think it would have definitely been better fresh at the shop.  The flavors of the sandwich were more sweet than spicy, which I found a bit odd. I tried the house hot sauce and Thai garlic hot sauce to spice it up. The Thai was good with it, but the house hot sauce again I found to be very sweet.  For my drink I tried their special Cherry Limeade, and once again found this very sweet, not tangy at all.  The dill pickle was great and I love that they sell the old 5 gallon pickle buckets to support their charity, and for $2 a bucket that is cheaper than the hardware stores!  I would say they make a good solid sub and I will be back to try some other subs in the future, and eat them fresh and warm next time. I'll also pick up a couple buckets!
I had been wanting to check this place out but couldn't get myself in the door even though I live around the corner. Then I found out they have the best birthday deal in town and picked up a free birthday sub. It was full sized, didn't require an additional order, and didn't demand my signature promising my first born to be greeted into the world with a sub and fire hat so I was both shocked and pleasantly surprised. I ordered the hook and ladder because it appeared the one most advertised. It has turkey, ham, and montery jack cheese. The boyfriend stole a bite and liked it as did I. I am personally partial to feeling healthy with a vegged out raw food "healthy tasting" fare but for a birthday caloric splurge after a nice run, I am a fan. 

Tip: I would order ahead online during rush times, I felt like I waited about 15 minutes for my sub and eyed the people that ordered ahead enviously. I practically pounced on the sandwich when I saw the reciept before the lady even called for it which is why I should be (but sadly am not) too embarrassed to come back.

I should also warn that I raised my star rating to a 4 because it was an awesome birthday deal, I liked the fireman ambience, and I like the cool soda/hotsauce trend. The sandwich itselt was just a little average.
Am ashamed to say I have filled up my punch card, twice.  Usually get the Hook and Ladder.  But the main reason I keep going back...the magical Coke machine of Awesomeness.
If you like sugar and bread combined then this is your kind of place.    Stopped in for lunch recently with my husband since we were craving a good sub sandwich and was hoping Firehouse would deliver.  In my opinion it failed miserably.   I ordered the "Firehouse Hero Sub" which includes smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, roast beef, melted provolone.  Hubby had the "New York Steamer" which includes corned beef brisket, pastrami, melted provolone.     We ordered both subs "fully involved" which includes mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a dill spear on the side.    When my sub was delivered they forgot the mustard.    The sub looked good but that's where it ended.   The quality of the meats was just terrible.   The Virginia honey ham was so sweet I thought I was going into glucose overload.   That's all I could taste of the sub.  SUGAR!!   Granted a honey ham can be a little on the sweet side but not like this.   Husband's sub had no flavor.   Simply poor quality meats all the way around.   You can get a better sub at Fry's or Basha's using the Boars Head meats.   I would not recommend this place.
Decided on this instead of the regular Jimmy Johns.  First time visit and decided on the meatball sub.  The sub was good and not soggy like most places meatball subs.  Will try a different sandwich next time.
Have since tried almost all the subs on the menu... This is still my go-to place for a toasted sub!  Size of the sub is great and they make sure you will not be left hungry.
You will never have a better sub then eating a sub at Firehouse
What great hot subs! The barbecue sauce they make is fantastic and oh how I love all the hot sauces they have!!
I just ate here with my bud who recommend it from back east in Virginia.  I ended up getting the toasted "engineer sub" with the turkey and sauteed mushrooms and to say the least...IT WAS deeeeelicious!  My other 2 friends LOVED theirs as well. Another thing I thought was cool was their coke machine...its like those crazy coke machines in Japan with a touch screen with a bazillion flavors, pretty neat.  I've had a lot of sub places in the valley and this place is definitely my fav. Their other menu items looks scrumptious and so ill be back for more.  Gets my 5 stars.
Firehouse!! Good subs
Food was good. Would definitely go back, and try some of their other sandwiches. Pretty cool that I live close too.
I ordered the turkey bacon ranch, the #4 but I prefer it without the bacon.  This sandwich was heaven and the mix of ranch turkey and cheddar was just perfect....I took off the bacon but added jalepenio.  This place is hidden near the ACE hardware behind the Paradise Bakery and other business's in this strip mall.  Super clean and casual inside, they have a cool self serve soda machine that has been popping up in upscale fast food places.  You order at the counter and they are very friendly here.  They bring your food to your table and thats it, simple, good, and filling.
Not impressed for almost $10!!! Sandwich at sprouts market is better for $3.00!!..the place is super clean,friendly staff..just a so-so sandwich..i threw my punch card away..i wont be back..
The sub was amazing and if I would have had just that I would have given 5 stars but I also got a salad to share with my daughter and it was brown and disgusting. We asked for a new one and that one was brown as well. So stick to subs at this place!
Yummy Subs and cool drink dispenser!
Awesome subs!!! Meatball is the best... And it is super filling. The Philly steak is kind if chewy.... Love coming here though. I just wish that they would do something about the restaurant layout. It is kind of crammed where you line up to order and there is no real clear line or place to go. Kind of confusing and frustrating.
This is a great alternative to your "regular" sub sandwiches if you're in the mood for something else. My favorite is the roast beef. It can get a little busy in here around lunch time so I always get mine to go in case there isn't available seating. I'd recommend any to try it at least once, though I've been back here a few times!
Loved the subs.
Hated the soda machine. 100+ choices, that I can live with. On person using it at a time with a big line while everyone is trying to decide? no, thank you. I just wanted ice for iced tea and still I had to stay in line. I didn't see any other ice machine, so an additional one would be a good idea if they don't have it.

I had the New York sub, on wheat, added mushrooms... delicious. I am not a big fan of subs but I guess I will be back : )

We ordered online so it was ready when we got there.

I didn't know of this place until today, turns out there are a few in the Phoenix area.
Clean, polite (even when nearly closed) staff, and FAR larger portions than expected.  Definitely a fan of the franchise now.
Love their specialty subs, ESPECIALLY the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket *drools* its by far my favorite. Also like the New York Steamer (corned beef) and steak and cheese, chicken salad, tuna salad, and turkey, but often times I find myself ordering the smokehouse. The beef isn't like thick slices of brisket, its more like thinly sliced deli meat but they still pack a lot in each sandwich so you're not getting gypped. It's smothered in their delicious bbq sauce and melted cheddar and served hot. 

They also do catering as well and we recently ordered from them for a meeting on Midwestern University's campus. After having a less than satisfactory experience with Which Wich's catering, I was a little nervous about ordering from another sandwich place, but Firehouse went above and beyond. The catering package I ordered came with a gallon of iced tea which was forgotten with the initial delivery. I believe it was the manager delivering the order, and he not only went back to bring us the iced tea but also brought some coupon books as a courtesy. The catering order came with all the fixings like 2 different kinds of dressing, condiments, and veggies. Will probably cater from them again, and definitely will be returning for the smokehouse!
The best sandwiches in Arrowhead.

They are always so nice and the specialty subs- e.g. Smokehouse beef, are always fresh, good ingredients. Sliced well and the bread tastes good too. Large portions.
The Italian sub and meatball sub is to die for. I love the huge selection of coke flavored in the coke machine. Great place I go there every Sunday.
I just moved here from Texas and I'm so glad that there's a firehouse near me! This is my favorite place to get a sub hands down. The meats are fresh and the bread is delicious. I will say that the staff was less than.. High school aged kids who looked miserable and completely gave us the impression they couldn't wait for us to leave (even though it was 45 minutes before closing.) that would be my only complaint.. Definitely not bad enough to keep me away from this place!!
This place is the absolute best for subs. I've never had a better sub from anywhere else. It's a shame I'm moving to Seattle, Wa where there are no locations close by. I'm going to miss my weekly Saturday night fix.
Love this place! I have had the brisket, the beef and cheddar, and the pulled pork. All of them were so good that I thought about them the next day. I wish they had one closer to my house. I also love supporting firefighters and rounding up to donate to their charity. Thank you for serving good food!
Went here for lunch today-I ordered the chicken souvlaki wrap, sis ordered steak sandwich and hubby ordered smoked meat sandwich.  With 3 coffees, the total came to $42.00.  I really wanted pancakes for lunch, but we missed the cut off by 30 mins.  The waitress was adamant about the cut off too.  Grrrr.  

Sis ordered her steak sandwich med rare, and it came well done.  After the waitress was called over,she immediately took it back and had it re-made.  The size of the steak was huge!  Fries were delicious too.  My souvlaki was completely ok.  Just ok.  Smoked meat was a hit with the hubby-but like I've said before, any red meat seems to be delicious with him.  

So the rating is A-OK.  I wouldn't run back, but when in the area, it works.
Went back for lunch again (was in the area again for work) and was asked if we were there for breakfast or lunch.  Being that it was 11:00 am I said we'd take both menus and take a look.  

By the time we were all ready to order off the breakfast menu (we had to wait a bit for another diner to meet us), our waitress told us that we were no longer allowed to order off the breakfast menu.  When I told her we were given a menu and a choice when we walked in, she said "that was then".  Well now.  

So on two seperate occasions I've tried to order breakfast, and twice I've been denied.  No leniency either time.  And what's worse, this time---no apology.  Not even a  "Sorry about that!" or even "Let me see...".  Nothing.  The worst waitress experience I've EVER had.  I even conciously noticed if she ever said "please or thank you" and the ONLY time she said thank you, was when I handed her back the visa machine.  Thinking back, I should have not tipped.  GRRRRR.

So now, I happily take back my 3 stars and begrudgingly give 1 star!!!
I'm not a fan at all.  The place was clean, but that's all it had going for it.  The food was bad and overpriced.  The service was slow too.  It looks bad given it's in a mall area, but a few people around here recommended it.  Don't go here if you like good food.
Beat eggs Benedict in town. The hollandaise was very good and the hash browns were great but need a little salt. The place is quite big and well kept. Service was average, which is what makes this a 3 instead of a 4 star review. 

My fiance had the Mexican skillet. An interesting combo of standard skillet fare, plus some black olives, hot peppers and a few other little tastes bits seldom found in a breakfast skillet. 

Overall a great place and worth coming back again
Wait time in line was what they said it would be. Coffee is good. Derive was really great. Food was good, not great. What you would expect. Portions are huge. Wish I could give 3.5 stars for the service as the food doesn't merit a 4. Overall not a bad spot to grab breakfast. I have to disagree with best eggs Benedict in town. Pretty sure that was premise hollandaise sauce. Try them at Symposium instead.
We stopped at Jacks on a Saturday afternoon around 2:30pm for lunch after a busy day at the farmer's market across the road.

We were seated promptly, and out party of five got one of the huge wrap around tables.

The waitress was friendly enough and  our orders were taken fast enough.  The menu is fairly exhaustive.  I had the classic reuben.  It had a lot of smoked meat, a little more sauerkraut would have been nice, but overall it was ok.  Two of my three kids had the kids pizza.  The kids pizza is about the size of a small pizza at most pizza joints.  The dough was freshly made, and it was smothered in cheese.  I loved the piece that my daughter let me steal from her.  My third kid had the spaghetti, she liked it, but she felt the portion size was too big for her.  She told us there was no way she was going to finish it.

Overall the meal was average on the adult meals, and above average for the kids.  The restaurant was clean, well put together, and we had a good server.  We will have to visit Jacks next time we are in KW.
I go here time and time again. The food quality is above average. The portions are very large.

Despite being in the far North end of Waterloo away from the students, this place is always packed during mealtimes. Try a weekday lunch, and you'll see. I've always had great service whenever I've gone.

My recommendations are the Taco Salad and either the chicken or pork souvlaki platters. The Taco Salad comes with a glob of guacamole and can be topped with meats. The souvlaki platters are the biggest in Waterloo for their price (topping both Benny's at Uni/Weber and the Daily Grill restaurant at Northfield near Conestoga) and the tastiest - the tzaziki is /not/ cold when I get it and they provide plenty (I can't stand other places that provide tzaziki in little plastic cups cold directly from the fridge).
I'm giving 3 stars and not 4 only because this place can get really busy and loud. That's a bit of a turn off. 

The good is pretty good; home style cooking. Not too many spices used here, but it's still pretty tasty. The portions are huge and you'll most likely have dinner for the next day too. The only dish I suggest you stay way from is the Fish and Chips - not their best dish. 

I personably like their chicken tenders. They have a homemade batter and they use real chicken. You can also get a Dijon dip which is so good!
Had a decent club sandwich here, the service was friendly. Comfortable atmosphere. Usually busy.. The portions are big. Lots of menu items to choose from, good value. Located next to the St Jacobs Playhouse and Courtyard Marriott a few minutes from St Jacobs downtown
Went here with my boyfriend for Saturday morning breakfast. We arrived around 9 am and there was already a 20 minute wait! And once we were seated, you could tell they just wanted to rush us out of there. 

The breakfast menu was really extensive - there were waffles, pancakes, egg scrambles, eggs Benedict, etc and you had a choice of at least 4 different varieties of each. 

The food was pretty standard for breakfast food. My boyfriend had a breakfast special and he liked it, except for the hash browns which were the shredded kind (we both agreed these are our least favourite type of hash brown). My meal came with a fruit boat, which was a pretty generous portion. 

We might go here again, but I don't know if it's worth such a long wait.
Had a corned beef sandwich and coffee.  The corned beef was good.  They need to add a value proposition or wow factor, then this will be a great place.  My suggestion would be to charge a couple dollars more for the sandwich and throw in the sides.  $2.50 ea for a side of potato salad or coleslaw, yeeks.  Thats $5 for typical sides with a corned beef sandwich thats already $9.00, Mound the corned beef, give a bit of value.  When you are eating there I do not like the idea of paying when you order.  I also thought it was a bit insulting to be asked for a dollar for a refill of my coffee.  This could be a great place with a few little "value" improvements.  Service and value need work.
Good:  My sandwich was super tasty...Grilled Cheese with ham MOUNDED ON.  The bread was expertly toasted.  Tomato tasted like a tomato.

Bad:  $9 average for a SANDWICH??!!??  Some were $12!  This isn't NYC!
I would've loved to try something else other than a GC, but I have a mortgage to pay.

Summary:  I was soooooo looking forward to this addition to my neighborhood, but probably will never go back.  Bummer.  This place looks like it belongs on Monroe Street, not Atwood Ave.  

It's just too bad they didn't skimp on the build-out, reclaim some old diner bar and stools, and pass the savings onto the customer.  

I'm still giving 3 stars because the food was good, the service was fine, and maybe this is your kind of thing.  For me, the next time I want an awesome Grilled Sandwich I'm going downtown to the Old Fashioned and I'm getting fries with it for the same price.
"Piled high?" Please don't insult me... especially at $9/sandwich a la carte. It's insulting really. If by "piled high" they mean bullshit, then I guess its not too far from the truth. Value-wise, it is horrible. In NYC or Chicago, a deli like this wouldn't last a week. Perry's Deli in Chicago has far larger sandwiches that are actually CHEAPER than Stazly's in Madison. There's something terribly wrong with that. The side salad was okay, but the serving was skimpy. If you're going to use a container for a side of macaroni salad, at least fill the damn thing. Rather, it looked like one scoop of macaroni with lots of space around it... perhaps to underscore the lack of value. Unfortunately, I don't think this deli is going to change prices, include a side, or add more meat to their sandwiches. Maybe if for a dollar extra you can get a side of soup, or potato pancakes, or for $.50 extra, a scoop of slaw or potato salad, that might make sense. Since people are so desperate for something decent in this neighborhood, I fear that the local herd of sheep will continue to support this business, despite the ridiculous prices. I mean, for $9, I can go buy my own corned beef, rye bread, and side salad from a grocery store deli, and probably have a decent chunk of change left over. It's another disappointment on the East Side as I am still in search of quality AND value. 

As for the sandwich... fatty, and not in the "piled high" sense. For every 1/2 of meat on the slice, there was nearly an equal amount of fat. The bread and the sandwich did taste good, the macaroni salad was pedestrian, and certainly not worth the a la carte price. The sandwich is also constructed to look thicker than it really is, with the meat kind of wadded up in the middle for presentation sake, then thinning out to about a slice or so, I'd say a 1/3 of the way from the center. The wad of meat in the middle gives the appearance of thickness, as you're mostly chewing on bread after a few bites. At deli's that pride themselves on the true meaning of "piled high" the thickness in the dead-center of a Stazly's sandwich is actually the thickness throughout the sandwich at the kind of legendary delicatessens that they're trying to be. Service was friendly and decent. However, if this place feels justified in lying ("piled high"), and charging ridiculous prices, I have no intentions to return any time soon.

In closing, I really do want to like this place. I just don't want to pay $9 for a sandwich that leaves me hungry. If Stalzy's wants to be on the level of a Perry's or Manny's, Everyone should be leaving with half a sandwich left to eat later, as 1/2 is enough. If they don't plan on truly piling the meat on, then maybe a price cut is in order. Making things in house should mean better prices. Being in Madison on the East side should mean lower prices, but for some reason, value continues to be elusive.
Living only blocks down the road and a huge fan of a corned beef reuben, I was ecstatic to see darkened windows of the closed Africana lit back up with a wonderful deli. Stalzy's couldn't have picked a better spot, nestled between Bunky's Cafe and Daisy Cafe and Cupcakery, just steps off the bike trail. The ambiance inside is perfect; they did a great job of overhauling the former Africana.

I've eaten there several times with a few different friends and everyone's opinion of the food they've ordered has been great. My top three are the corned beef, turkey pastrami and regular pastrami. They also have great bialys and other breads, and the sides are awesome.

I personally didn't have a problem with the size of the sandwich I received as some people have mentioned. However, I will agree that for $9, I was kinda expecting to get a side or two included with my sandwich. That would be my only real criticism at this point. I have noticed; however, that when they've posted the daily special on Facebook (yeah, go be a fan!), they've included a side. So, I am hoping this is something they're sorting out as we speak.

I am looking forward to picking up some sides and hot dogs for grilling out this spring/summer.

If you haven't given Stalzy's a chance yet, head up there right away. And a little helpful note, they're cash-only like a lot of other Atwood/Willy St. businesses.
I live in the neighborhood and would really like to love Stalzy's. While living in San Diego, we would frequent The Cheese Shop (a deli in La Jolla Shores), with its huge sandwiches and wonderful cheese selection, it was always packed. I agree with most posters on the price. It is surprising that a Madison deli would be more expensive than the tourist town of La Jolla. I am more than happy to pay for quality and quantity, but I just didn't see it in the few times we have been to Stalzy's. We had to get $40 out of the ATM just to cover our lunch, and pay a fee on top of that. 

The itsy-bitsy burger on a big white plate seemed pathetic and sad. At least try to make the plate look somewhat full or use a smaller plate! I guess we could have paid an extra $4 for a little scoop of potato salad, but I would rather just go a few blocks down to Jenny Street and get a whole pound. I just can't bring myself to continue paying these prices. The burger itself was not good quality meat. It had fatty chunks and left us feeling ill after wards. 

The Classic Club Triple Decker was piled high with turkey and the bacon was tasty (albeit on the burnt side). However, I am used to clubs being layered; this one is not. There was way too much mayo on the sandwich. I am a huge fan of Madison Sourdough's bread, but the bread on our sandwiches was old, dried out and hard, to the point where parts were uneatable. The staff was extremely slow. We wanted to take home half of our sandwich and asked for a bag. We were told that they had to wrap it up in the back. This involved going to the counter waiting for someone to take our sandwich to the window (5mins) where the sandwich sat for a good period of time. Then we waited while one of the sandwich makers wrapped it in paper in the kitchen (10mins). Finally we were able to leave, only almost $30 poorer. 

I will probably go back to try a few more things, but the place just seems to leave me with a longing for a better neighborhood deli every time.
Really excited about the idea, but the prices are definitely inflated, as almost everyone has mentioned.
man... i was so excited when stalzy's opened. but what can I say that hasn't already been said? the decor is really nicely done and the food is decent, but it's SO overpriced... yet another example of this town being too big for its britches (news flash: Madison is NOT a metropolitan area, so charging $12 for a sandwich sans side is really not ok). the club was good and the bacon they used was top notch, but come on, guys. I think it's safe to say that everyone in the neighborhood is happy you're here and would like to see you last, but you might want to rethink your portions and pricing.
I have been waiting for the opportunity to try Stalzy's.  A local review praised the quality and quantity of the food.  The best part of the corned beef sandwich was the bread.  At $9 for a Rueben, it should be worth $9.  When you take a bite of your sandwich, you shouldn't pull out the entire contents.  Large amounts of fat were included, at no charge.  Things they could do to improve ... Thinner slices and better trimmed meat and include a side for $9!
This is way better than Ella's deli. The price and portions are about the same but the quality/freshness is far superior.
Jeez Louise, Madison, keep your pants on. Nine bucks for a good reuben is reasonable. And a good reuben is exactly what I had at Stalzys. 

The corned beef was a great victory of flavor and texture. The rye was lightly grilled, possibly in real butter, providing a little crunchy richness.

I got a small container of potato salad to go, and it rivaled what I used to buy from the family-owned Polish deli in my hometown. 

Bring cash money.
I like this place. I had a really great bowl of Borscht here. I also think the sandwiches I tried we quite good. The turkey ruben and a special turkey salad sandwich were great. There are a few rough edges but I don't think the prices are out of line for well crafted deli fare.
Second try - still disappointing. Still overpriced.
Everything I've had so far has been tasty, well-portioned (if not huge), all with great service. Deli meats sliced to the right thickness, breads are well-made. Latest was the PBLT (pastrami, bacon, lettuce, tomato) The bacon was their house, double-smoked and delicious...pastrami lightly grilled, fresh tomato, very filling with a side of creamy macaroni salad.

Wish I still live din the neighborhood - great needed deli for Madison.
Loved this place! Finally got a chance to try it with my 4 year old. They have a kids menu, but she ordered the grilled cheese off the regular menu and loved it. I got the turkey sandwich and we also got an order of potato pancakes. They were delicious!! I can't wait to go back. Prices were moderate and well worth it!! The service at the counter was excellent too!!
We tried Stalzy's again last night, for its Friday fish fry and again the only thing that had the "wow" factor was the price. Since we live in the neighborhood, we decided to do take out. 

It was $20 for two pieces of walleye. The fish was nice size, unfortunately we could not eat it. It was way too salty. After a few bites, it made us sick. It is unfortunate because the pan-fried breading seemed like it would have been quite good otherwise. But at last, the only flavor was table salt. 

The fish comes with two "potato pancakes". Only these were not like any potato pancake I have ever had. Let me just add a disclaimer here, I grew up eating homemade potato pancakes. So the "pancake" was more like a mushy crepe, burnt black on both sides. Amazingly even with the char, it was still mushy. I would compare most closely to the sponge bread served in Ethiopian restaurants, only not as good. Like the fish, it was uneatable. 

So we are left with the coleslaw and rye bread (not toasted). Also included, was what I can only think was an attempt at condiments. One pre-squeezed, very thin lemon that was less a wedge and more like a sliver was included in our styrofoam to-go box. Along with what I think was once tarter sauce, only it was hard to tell because again it looked as though someone had already had used most of it. Although, there was some extra drizzled and dried down the side of the cup. 

So for all of this, we dealt with the ATM fee, a very pretentious counter girl who gave us attitude about taking our food to go, and tried to overcharge us. Again, Stalzy's missed the mark, and has one less neighborhood customer. So disappointing, I so want to love this place. If you are in the neighborhood, try The Victory across the street, or Daisy's Cafe a block away. Save your money and skip Stalzy's.
Being someone with a lot of experience eating at Jewish delis, I'm having trouble both with finding Stalzy's sandwiches "huge" or with raving about the food. Stalzy's is super-cute and I enjoyed the decor, products (old-timey gums and sodas and such), and food well-enough, but it was hard not to be disappointed after all my friends' ravings.

I got a salami sandwich (not on the menu), and the bread was good. The sandwich was small, though, by deli standards. A person with a bigger appetite would have been sad. I ordered a horseradish mayo that didn't have much flavor, and the onion slices that came with the sandwich were threadbare. 

So, jury's out, as the fervor with which respected friends talk about this place make me want to try it again. The Reuben, I have to admit, looked better than my sandwich.
The only decent deli in town.

Now I'm talking Jewish Deli - for Italian Deli there's always Ginos, Frabonis, etc.  But for Jewish Deli, nothing comes close.

I'm from the Detroit Area, where we have a large Jewish population.  Great delis.
I've been to NYC many times.  Great delis (Carnegie is ok, Katz's is mind blowing).
Madison, not so much. 

Living in Madison, a decent deli is something I've missed for a long time.  I've tried every suggestion for 'a great reuben' and have been disappointed every time.  

That being said, I wasn't super impressed with Stalzys' reuben - not nearly enough meat.  What I would suggest is ordering the 'bread meat bread' sandwich.  The bread meat bread is the only sandwich* I've had here (or anywhere in Madison) that has enough meat that I would consider it a deli sandwich.

Not a good deli by serious deli standards, but definitely decent.  Hands down the best I've had in Madison.  

*burgers excluded
We went on a Sunday, and had a great experience.  

Food 4.5/5
Atmosphere 3/5
Price 4/5 (the quality's there to justify higher than average prices).

Will definitely be going back.
My first experience at Stalzy's can be summed up in one word: 

Souuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup.

The day I grabbed grub they were dishing up mushroom barley. A mean, mean mushroom barley that rivals my mom's. Great flavor. Great mush to barley ratio. Thick soothing texture. I'd slurp that sucker again if they had it. (Anyone know where they post the soup of the day? Twitter? FB?)

After my soup I dove into the combo, half pastrami and half corned beef on toasted rye. It was tasty, perhaps a little fattier than I prefer, but great flavor and not overwhelming-can't- stuff-it-in-your-mouth-large. I'm excited to get back there because their other sandwich offerings made it hard to decide which wich.
The food here is excellent.  Breakfast - Corned beef hash is the best I have ever had, fantastic.  The coffee is very good too, which is important to me when it comes to brekkie.  The place has a great atmosphere, very clean and we are always treated well by the staff.

Double smoked beef brisket is excellent, again some of the best I have ever had.

All said, I love this place.  Prices are a bit steep, but everything so far has been done right and I hope this place is around for a long time
Good food, prices seem a bit steep.
This place is awesome.

We were vendors at Stalzy's fall flea market.  This was the first time I ever heard of the place.  They pride themselves on being a model of a New York style deli.  I've never been to New York, but I'll say, save the airfare and eat here.

You'll be amazed how clean the place is.  Also the staff is more friendly than a bunch of glazed eye Christians at a Billy Graham revival.  They really made you fee welcome.

The menu choices are vast.  Burgers, sandwiches, beer... Stalzy has what you'd expect in a higher end deli.  No other place in Madison has such good sandwich choices.

Being a deli, I ordered a  Pastrami Ruben.  Simply the best I've ever had.  Great quality meats, bread and toppings.  They make there own pastrami.  Pure bliss.

The only downfall to some might be the prices, but when you figure the sandwich was large and in charge, and busting with quality, 9 dollars isn't that unreasonable.

I'll definitely come back again.  I think the only way a trip to Stalzy's could be more like a trip to New York is to arrive in a yellow taxi reeking with curry.

A++ Stalzy's!
I love corned beef...and salami...and pastrami...and most cured meats for that matter (like bacon...mmm...bacon!).  I'm partial to Manny's in Chicago even after journeys to the supposed best delis in the world in New York City.  So, I wanted to love Stalzy's, I really did.  It's a classic deli!  Right in my neighborhood!  The design and decor from the logo is very well done.  The staff was friendly, and nice when I dined.  The menu was limited and focused on breakfast all day and classic deli fare.  It really had all the ingredients going for a great restaurant... until the food came.

A very small for $9 sandwich promptly arrived.  Thin, unsubstantial, and flavorless rye bread was dominated and soaked through with grease by massively oversalted corned beef and pastrami.  Supposedly lean cuts of each were heavily striated with lots of fat, which was made worse by my inability to get ultra thin sliced meat because they preslice it.  Chewing through these thick fatty layers just made me feel gross.  

To top it all off, they didn't have any plain yellow mustard.  They only had the "deli" kind with horseradish that I hate.

Overpriced bad food with small servings in a lovely setting near my house served with a smile.  I won't be returning.
Here's my experience.  I have an hour long lunch break on the same side of town, and they can't even get my sandwich out to me in time.  A ten dollar sandwich that can't be ready in under 30 minutes?  No thanks.
The best barbecue I have ever had. End of review.
A great addition to the neighborhood.  One of the best Rubens I've had anywhere...also the beet salad was great.  They have a nice deli counter and a little store area with interesting items, craft beers, cold drinks.  Very high quality food at a moderate price; all meats are house-cured.  My only suggestion would be to dial back the salt on the meats.  Two people at my table said, 'wow, that is the saltiest sandwich we have ever had.'  But I do understand that each batch is individual and there is probably some variaton.
Best Reuben I've ever had. Very friendly staff, and beautiful dining room. The hot dog is quite good, and the breakfast stuff is off the hook. It is expensive, but the quality is there. They also have Hamm's on tap!
Lets start with the positive I loved the Orange Ruglah.

I had a pastrami sandwich and I LOVE good pastrami.  If you like overly salty oversmoked meats this might be a place you'll love.  I love to smoke things.  I have two smokers in my backyard and even from time to time make my own Pastrami.  

I have been to Katz's deli in New York and seek out good authentic Pastrami.  Stalzy's is unique they heavily smoke their own meats and I think they are a bit over the top on their Pastrami.  

Now I live smoked food but it has to compliment the food not be tie end all be all quality that comes out (other than salt in this case)

That said there is enough praise for this place here to make me want to try some of the other neat things looking on their menu so i may revisit my rating at a later date and will stop again
WHAT.
THE.
HELL?!

People always tell me about places they think I should check out and if I'm being completely honest, that list is getting so long, it'll be months before I work my way though the awesomness from Sun Prairie to Verona... there are just so many out there. BUT I have a running list, so keep them coming folks. 

Now when two people in the same week rave about a fish fry at a sandwich shop... A SANDWICH SHOP... one has to wonder: How good can it be? It's good folks. It's really flippin' good. It's so good I'm willing to say it's the best fish fry I've had in Madison, and I'm a little afraid to get fish fry anywhere else now.

Tonight it was baked or fried walleye, hand breaded with your choice of German style potato salad or potato pancakes, the creamiest coleslaw you'll ever eat, a selection of Stalzy's breads and baked beans if you want to add those for a buck. I debated it, but decided against it, and I'm glad I did because holy cow it's a ton of food. Half a pound of breaded fried delicious fishy goodness. I can't even describe to you how flavorful the breading is. I know a lot of people think Stalzy's isn't shy on the salt, and I'd say the same for the breading, but honestly, how much flavor does fried fish really have? I say salt that bad boy! 

At $16 it's steep compared to what you'll find at Avenue or Toby's. Two of my other favorites in town. But honestly, the amount of food, the quality of the fish, the flavor, did I mention the shear amount of food? If it's nearing Friday put this place on your list. 

So damn good.
What a let down. Wanted something from New York deli and this is nothing close. The prices are certainly from NYc but the quality and amount of food lacks for the price. The fish fry is way way over priced. 15 buck for 4 pieces  of greasy fish come on. Had a pastrami and it was like a salt lick over smoked. We also had corned beef that was not good either. Not sure about all these post about the quality but tell you one thing. You better bring your wallet with plenty of cash. We had 2 sandwiches and and 1 fish fry and  cost around 45 bucks.
The service was also poor. I would save your money and eat somewhere else.
I had the roast beef sandwich and it was really delicious. I would have given it 5 stars, but the wait was really long. I hate watching a larger group of people, who arrived after me, get served before me...
I stopped in here on a whim one evening, and I am so glad I did! Here's why:

1. Every staff member I interacted with, from the fellow who took my order to the woman who brought me my sandwich, was particularly warm, gracious, and friendly.

2. The BLT I ordered was darn good. It's hard to mess up a BLT, but also hard to make one that's actually memorable, as mine was. 

3. They offer a variety of interesting sides beyond the standard chips or fries. I ordered the pickled beets, which were not technically pickled, but rather fresh beets dressed in a flavorful vinaigrette. 

4. While I was waiting for my food, I was offered a free sample of some tasty beef and, even more unexpectedly, red wine!

5. The atmosphere is cozy--I felt comfortable sitting alone and leisurely enjoying my sandwich, and I saw someone else drinking coffee and doing homework like you might in a coffeeshop. But there were also small groups, and I think it would be a great place to meet someone for a casual meal.   

I will definitely be back to try some more of their offerings, including the deli side of things!
Great food, great service.  This place is a winner!  Best Brooklyn Reuben ever, I'll be back
Cash only joint, don't worry they have an atm there and will give you a $1 off your order if you present your receipt.  If you're into cure meats and homemade everything, this is a great choice.

Update:  food is still great and I love coming in here for the pastrami.  The last few times in though the service has been slooooowwwwww.  We also had a burger the last time around, don't.  Stick with the Pastrami.
I like their roast beef sandwiches. Zippy sauces and clean tables. Service was ok - your order at the counter and they bring it to you. Not much interaction. Very good variety of drinks (yes! Sprechers Cream Ale).
Living in Chicago most of my life, I know Deli's!   Food was great and loved the big kosher dill (one my fav's and so reminds of Chicago where you wouldn't get a Deli sandwich anywhere without one!).   I like the old fashioned bar thing and ample parking.  Nice to have somewhere to go for good old fashioned deli food.  Service wasn't that great  though- could have used more help, place was crowded and waitress had some attitude going on.  Excellent cole slaw and good prices.
NYC prices without the taste of new York.
Famished & frustrated beyond belief thanks to Charter Communications and their complete incompetence, I raced over to Stalzy's for a quick bite to eat before heading off on more errands. But not before peeling off a lovely "welcome to the neighborhood" parking ticket from my car... I should've stayed in bed today...

Anyway, about Stalzy's...

What a great place. The staff was superb; oh so friendly, expedient, and fun. I ordered the turkey and cheese sandwich, and chose rye for my bread, based on a recommendation from the staff. 

The bread may just be the hidden star here. Yes, the turkey was "real," flavorful, moist, and piled plenty high. Yes, the veggies were crisp and fresh. Yes, the cheddar was thick, fragrant, and ever so slightly crumbly (a good sign). But the rye bread... wow. Soft, flavorful, perfect crust - mmm, so good.

The kosher pickle wedge sealed the deal. I'm definitely a fan. I can't wait to go back, try the fish fry, and enjoy an ice cold tap of Hamms or Lake Louie (or one of the many bottles of microbrew available here).
I'm a Jewish transplant to Madison. I grew up eating in Jewish delis.  So I have pretty high standards when it comes to my corned beef, pastrami, matzo ball soup, pickles and latkes.

I give Stalzy's 3 stars for going to the trouble of making their own corned beef and other meats, and because the only other attempt at a Jewish deli in Madison is Ella's, which is more like a crazy funhouse ice cream parlor that happens to also serve mediocre corned beef sandwiches. 

But I'm sorry, a proper deli corned beef sandwich has a minimum of a 1/2 pound of meat on it.  You want a smaller sandwich?  Get a half sandwich.  Stalzy's sandwiches don't come close to measuring up in this regard, and while they make their meats in house, I just wasn't overly impressed.  

As for y'all Madison folks giving 4-5 stars, hit up Jake's in Milwaukee or Manny's in Chicago, and then come talk to me. Actually the folks who run Stalzy's should check those places out too.
My first time at Stalzy's was one of best burgers and fries in the Atwood neighborhood, and the price literally cannot be beat! I didn't understand the "seat yourself and come find us when you are read to order" atmosphere at first, but the more you go, the more you get used to it! Go here, try their burger and fries - you will not be let down! :-)
Friendly staff and delicious deli fare. We enjoyed the triple and the borscht. The borscht was filling and had a kick to it. The triple is a behemoth, multi-tiered sandwich with coleslaw. I definitely recommend sharing the triple with a friend. They only take cash and check but they have an ATM inside and will discount the ATM service fee for you.
It took us many years before we encountered this little gem in Atwood neighborhood. I have little knowledge about Jewish deli so it took us a while to figure what to order. I really appreciate that the staff explained the menu to us with great patience. They make bread, corned beef, pastrami and sausages themselves and provide the meat to other restaurant in town. You can also purchase bread or meat to go. 

We had "Brooklyn Breakfast" (beef pastrami sandwich) and a Challah French Toast. Very delicious. Quite a refreshing taste from other more regular brunch places. The portion is a bit small, though. 

People in our group had Stalzy's bloody Mary. Pretty fancy. Apparently they are quite good that a friend of us ordered a second one. 

I hope to return sometime in the future to try out Saltzy's non-brunch food. 

Note: Cash only. Seat yourself before your order.
Ignore everything I said in my earlier review and go get breakfast today!
(Seriously!) 
The sandwich joint with Madison's best fish fry also serves incredible breakfast!

And it really doesn't matter what you get... potato pancakes, Challah French toast, corned beef hash... it's all going to be good and it's all served ALL DAY!
Ate here for the first time last night. Amazing!!!  I'm not super adventurous so I took the safe route and had the burger. The burger itself was awesome, but they top it off with homemade bun (icing on the cake!). My husband had the Rachel. Pastrami and coleslaw sandwich. I don't like cole slaw but tasted it anyway; it blew me away, and then I ate more. 
I think it's great food at a great value and can't wait to go back.
My husband and I had lunch at Stalzy's for the first time last week.  My pastrami on rye was very good.  The regular pastrami (one can also order lean for $2 more) was tasty and thinly sliced, with a reasonable amount of fat.  The light rye was decent though nothing special.  My husband had turkey and cheddar on white with lettuce and sliced tomato.  Pickle slices were also good.  There were free refills on the house-made iced tea.  The amount of meat on the sandwiches was reasonable rather than piled high as is the case with most NYC Jewish delis.  I like it this way because a high pile of meat causes meat overload!
Only been here once, but was not as impressed as people hyped it up to be. Sandwiches were small as far as typical deli sandwiches go. Both my and my wife's sandwiches were overly greasy. 

Pluses were the Bloody Mary (according toy wife), the outdoor seating, and the service. I got a melty first trip but will try more of a traditional deli sandwich like corned beef next time.
Great sandwich joint. Quality ingredients make for wonderful sandwiches. I would agree that the sandwich size is a little on the smaller side. However, for me it was perfect for lunch. I would also say the price reflects well on the portion size.

ATM located in the restaurant if you get caught without cash. They will refund a dollar if you show them a receipt.
More people should be flocking to this place. This is some of the best lunch and dinner food I have ever eaten and will always come back. Their deserts are delicious, as well. I come here for take-out often, and am so in love with the entire menu. The location is fabulous and the staff is ALWAYS friendly. This is a perfect place for a family to gather for lunch or even a quick meal. Friendly/delicious/pefect
Why did I wait to check this place out!?! THE TASTIEST veggie sub I've EVER had! My guy convinced me to come to this place for dinner tonight and boy am I glad I did!

 First of all, the staff gives their customers a warm welcome when you walk in and is very helpful with any questions you may have about the menu. Their sandwiches come in 8 or 12 in. I got myself an eight inch veggie sub that comes with sauted mushrooms and onions, three cheeses, lettuce, tomato, and more veggies of your choice. It came out toasted and very flavorful! The aroma itself made my mouth water.My bf got the Firehouse Hero-smoked turkey,virginia ham,roast beef, and provolone cheese. It came out nice,hot, and perfectly toasted! The verdict: "i love this sandwich..its so f***** good," says the guy. I spent 5 bucks on my food and 7 for him. And it was worth every penny and def worth another trip!

 See ya later Subway....hellooo Firehouse!
As far as kid-friendly, chain restaurant, sandwich shops go, this place isn't bad. I'm actually a fan. The sammies aren't incredibly inventive but some of them are tasty. I like their beef brisket and cheddar sandwich, but the BBQ sauce they use is way too sweet.  They tend to be heavy-handed with the sauces on all their sandwiches, which is always a negative in my book. I tried the turkey bacon ranch the other day and it was drowning in mayo. Despite that, I'll still come back because my son likes their sandwiches. They get points for having a kid-sized menu plus he loves the plastic fireman hats they give out.
I noticed this place about two months ago when I saw their "opening soon" sign. I was in the area the other day and decided to try them out for lunch. 

They have an interesting firefighter theme going on. I remember seeing a fire hose, firemen gear, and various pictures in the restaurant. The employees were very friendly and seemed to enjoy working there.

The menu consists mainly of hot subs and maybe 2 choices for cold subs. I decided to go with the medium Club on a Sub: smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, bacon, and Monterey Jack Cheese. They asked if I wanted it "fully involved" which was mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a pickle on the side. I just asked for mustard and lettuce. Decided to make it a combo with chips and a drink as well. I paid $8.63, which is pretty expensive for a sub meal. 

However, it was a very tasty meal and I enjoyed it! The ingredients that they used were very fresh and my sandwich was still nice and hot when I got home to eat. 

Not that this is an issue to me, but unlike some of the other sandwich chains, you cannot see the employees making your food. You place your order with the cashier and wait until they call out your name. I waited about 5 minutes, although I did go in about 30 minutes after they opened. 

Good sandwiches, but I won't be back very often because of the price. I went to their website and signed up for their newsletters and promos by email, so hopefully they will send out some good coupons!
Firehouse subs are the best sandwiches in Vegas!
Tried this place for the first time last week. Went with the turkey, bacon ranch on wheat, subbed provalone for the cheddar. Very tastey! Staff was friendly and the sandwich was served to me and my coworker rather quickly. Better than your average sandwich shop like Subway or Port of Subs.
I finally tried this place today for lunch, and sooo glad I did.  I got the turkey bacon ranch on wheat combo with lettuce and tomatoes...wow! A combo meal is ~$8, not bad. All of their sandwiches are toasted, and boy are they good!!  They also have an assortment of hot sauces that you can sample, and even little to go containers (perfect, since I took mine back to work).  Friendly customer service.
Near my crib, so i came and had dinner here. It was good. I had the steak and cheese sub with all the xtra toppings. Hands down I will be back. 
Staff was friendly and cheerful.
Friendly, clean, fast, delicious!
3 1/2 stars 

My mom was craving a sandwich so we decided to try something new. 4 of us dined here for $32. Not bad at all. 

The staff was very friendly, welcoming and helpful. The restaurant is super cute. Lots of fun deco. You order at the counter and they bring it out to you. 

Dad and I shared the turkey bacon ranch and the meatball. Both were great - turkey bacon ranch was the winner.  Zesty peppery ranch made it yum-o.  Two choices of bread, white or wheat.  Meatball was good too.  Nice flavor on the sauce, tender meatball, generous cheese.  

All in all, a good sandwich, and a good lunch, served with a smile for a reasonable price.
Finally a new sub place. I've seen the signage on this storefront for what seems like years and always told myself, I bet that place will be good whenever it opens. And I'm here to tell you that this place is awesome. I've only been once but first impression is pretty good. 

We tried the Italian, Smokehouse Cheddar Brisket, Club and the Hook and Ladder and each one was really good. Fresh toppings, great rolls, orders were filled correctly and done quick. Another cool thing is they have a nice selection of different hot sauces and I'll aim to try each one of them.
Staff was friendly and I'll definitely be back for more.
The veggie is really good, but the service is VERY SLOW. Be aware of this when going on a lunch break.
I tried the meatball sub. I thought it was going to be messy but everything stayed in place and the meatballs were so juicy and I loved seeing it all steamy after waking a bite! there's also a good selection of hot sauces, sorted from mild to very very hot.

there's only one soda fountain machine thing but it's pretty awesome- it's touchscreen and has multiple flavors! I had no idea a vanilla sprite even existed! There's a firehouse signature drink- cherry limeade I think? It's too sweet for me in my opinion.

I didn't pay full price because I brought in a coupon, I only paid for my drink, but altogether it would have been a little over 6-7 bucks. It's located in a great plaza too!
There are a lot of sandwich places in Vegas, but this one is really something special. 

The food here is absolutely amazing. I've tried the Steak and Cheese, Meatball, and Chicken Bacon Ranch and my goodness were they good in their own right. 

But the other nice thing is the atmosphere the place has. You walk in, and it feels like a fireman could actually walk out any second. There's a huge mural and fireman gear littered on the walls -- all of which look pretty cool. 

If all of that wasn't enticing enough, they have a really cool 100+ drink maker dispenser. The one that gives you almost every single flavor coke product you could ever want. 

AHHH I WANT MORE. X3.
Their subs were super tasty! I loved all the different choices and the atmosphere was nice and calm. I need to come back!
Good place, just a little pricey but I'd go back from time to time.
Popped in to grab a few subs. I had the Hero and I can't remember the turkey sandwich the wifey had but both were excellent. Friendly service and good food but they could stand to speed up the time it takes to make the sandwiches. About 10 minutes to make 2 sandwiches so keep that in mind if you're in a hurry.
Great subs.  This is defiintely way better than Quizno's.  I ordered the New Yorker and got the Meatball sandwich for my husband.  My sandwich was good and it had a good amount of meat.  My husband said that the meatball sandwich was also good.  I've never seen a computerized soda machine before.  It's pretty cool because you can get a whole variety of sodas, once you figure out how to operate it.
GOODBYE SUBWAY! Hello firehouse subs (: 

Came here the other day, based on a friends suggestion. Boy, was she right!

Coming here I didnt have many expectations except that she said they're delicious hot subs, but are  a bit pricey.

I will admit, stepping into the sub shop I was impressed with the firehouse deco. it was very modern, catchy and cute. My year old was impressed and wanted to run around. Um, i dont think so little one! There was fireman gear on the wall and floor. Huge murals on the wall that caught your eye instantly.

It took us a while to decide what we wanted. I was caught between the Turkey, Bacon Ranch sub and the Firehouse Hero sub. Both looked hearty in the picture and i was hoping I wasnt going to be disappointed. Like subway in their commercials theres tons of meat but in person you get only a slice or two. My husband knew he was going to get the beef brisket and cheese sub. Smoothered in bbq, it looked mouth watering. I didn't get it because I knew i could sneak in a bite from my hubs sandwich, hehe. 

Finally at ten minutes I decided to get the turkey bacon ranch. Just the sandwich for 5.79 and added the chili which was another 2.89. Kind of expensive but i had to try the chili if I was going to write a review for YELP, right? 

My daughter got a kids meal which was the grilled cheese, apples and oreo bites. (included drink) I thought that was kind of expensive but when it came I was surprise how big of a portion it was. Enough for an adult in all seriousness. Worth the money. She couldn't even eat it all. It was 5 something if I remember correctly. 

Took a little long to get the food (10 mins) but i waited patiently..

When our food arrived, I was in awe. Worth the wait! The small sandwich was 8 inch. Not like. subway where its 6 inches and I'm left hungry. After eating my TBR, I was left satisfied and full.  There was an enormous amount of turkey on it. I don't know how they do it with food costs but i was impressed. I hate that subway gives you two slices and its wimpy. YUM! Chili was hearty. Lots of beans, onions, celery, tomatos and ground beef. Perfecto. I would def come back for the chili as well. Took a bite of my husbands bbq sandwich and it was very good as well. Not overwhelming bbq sauce and very cheesy. Another great amount of beef. He said he would def get it again. 

We were a little bummed that the 120+ drink machine was out. (the carbone motor broke) But the manager was very nice and said we could have all the bottled soda we wanted. Next time I will absolutely try the machine. Having all those different flavors and options makes you feel like a kid in a candy store

Cant wait to come back! :))
Been here several times now, always good, always fresh. Can get crowded though during peak times
I tried this place for lunch after getting a massage. Being in a sandwich phase recently, I knew I wanted to like it more than I did. I'd probably almost give it 4 stars.

The staff was friendly and made my sandwich my way. I tried the Hook & Ladder on wheat bread, no mayo.  Price was pretty good, too, 8" sub for $6. They told me that's their most popular sandwich. Maybe I'll order a different sandwich next time. Generously portioned, I enjoyed it with a dab of their hot sauce. I did appreciate their rack of hot sauces they provided there, numbering each different bottle 1-10 on their level of hot spiciness. Different, don't really find that at sub sandwich places. But the taste of the sandwich still didn't wow me. It was just decent.

I'd go back to Firehouse, but at the moment, having an Italian Capriotti's excites me more.
Like real fire stations this chain of sandwich shops are popping up all over Las Vegas, so this afternoon after picking up a "friend" from a long working night and driving by one of them we decided to give it a try. It was lunch time so the place was really packed, so packed I'm not sure they were following the maximum capacity imposed by the real firehouse, but this place was really on fire! 
 The outside looked really plain, but when you walk inside it's really cool it looks like a real fire station lots of red, diamond steel, firemen memorabilia all over the walls and Dalmatian color tables which creates a fun atmosphere while you enjoy your sandwich. 
 Sandwiches were good, nothing special that sets them apart from all the other sandwich places except that you can pick your level of fire since they carry more than fifty kinds of hot sauces, chances are they have your favorite (sorry no Del Scorcho).
 My friend was so impressed with the theme, she told me that she should get together a group of her colleagues and start a sandwich chain Just like the group of doctors that opened that other healthy sandwich shops and now this group of firemen opening this chain. I had to tell her and burst her bubble at the same time that maybe it wasn't a good idea  to use her type of profession as a theme for a sandwich shop, I mean.. what are you girls going to call it? Hooker's corner subs?
  All in all firehouse is a good place to take your family and have a good time and good food. The new dial a soda machine is real cool! I just wish people would stop playing with it, Is not a toy! Is a soda machine and that's what all the people behind you want....a soda!
Will I be back? Sure! I kinda like their sandwiches ..unless my friend opens her own place, then I would probably be eating hers.....but for now, any sandwich shop close to my friend's corner is good enough for me.
Love this place! Cant go wrong with any sandwich. Great Service!!!
This isn't the normal Firehouse Subs I go to, but I was in the area.  Service was fast--there was no one in the shop but me.

The tuna sub was as good as I get at the normal shop.  

I am a fan.
Cheesesteak was great and their captains hot sauce is amazing
Ok so I finally decided to do this review after going here for the second time. Based on the 4 and 5 star reviews, I was thinking it should be good. NOT! I was thinking since it had some good reviews, my first experience must of been a fluke. After verifying it wasnt, im sorry to report that I am not impressed.

My first visit I ordered the philly cheesesteak. Should be good right? They didnt mess up. Its just the taste. The meat was dry. The peppers and onions were scarce. If it was not for the spicy barbeque sauce I drenched it with, I would have seriously asked for my money back. I thought maybe I was just having a bad day and that my taste buds were not working properly. 

So comes my second visit. It was dinner time about 7 pm. I tried the smokehouse cheddar beef brisket. I had high hopes until I took my first bite. Again the meat was bland and I had to wash it down with their spicy barbeque sauce. I was beginning to wonder why their meat was so dry. When I went up to the counter for more spicy barbeque sauce, I think I found out why their meat was so moistureless. I noticed they store their cooked meat in warmers. Ok now that explains a lot. I figure first thing in the morning the meat should be fresh and flavorful. Thats when I realized my first visit was at lunch time around 11:30. 

Service is good. I love their newer style soda machine. Its just the main product does not tickle my fancy even after giving them another chance. Maybe its just this location. Now if I just happen to try another location and its better, then I will definitely do an update. For now I will look into stocking up on their spicy barbeque sauce.
Was trying to decide between 3 and 4 stars for this review, but gave them the benefit of the doubt based on how much my wife loves this place. Their sandwiches are pretty tasty, and the soda machine is awesome, but their service always seems to take about twice as long as I'd expect for a sandwich.
Someone turned me on to this place recently and I tried it for the first time today. DELICIOUS! Great service and well worth the money. Not that it's expensive, not at all. Very reasonable. I will be hard-pressed to go to Subway again in the future knowing that this place is right up th street. Seriously, can't say enough about it!
My first experience with a firehouse sub wasn't so pleasant, so when this one popped up in the neighborhood, it took a while to go in and try it again.  What a surprise, it was actually good!

I got the Turkey Bacon Ranch.  It has smoked turkey breast, bacon, and sharp cheddar cheese with peppercorn ranch to finish it off.  The bread was fresh, the turkey was moist and tender, and the bacon crisp.  I was very happy with my sandwich.  

Service is not bad, they make it when you order, serve it when it's ready, and you self serve your own drink, the place is clean and is more spread out than my first experience, so I didn't feel I was sitting someone else's lap.  With this experience, I will be glad to go back.
I love having the Italian sub here. So good. The soda machine is fun to use.

Here's something random: Check out the painting on the wall. Is the fireman holding a guitar??
Solid sub. Best sub out there for chain restaurants.
It's a good sub from a chain. Better than Subway, but what sub place isn't? However, not as good as Capriotti's or Earl of Sandwich.

The highlight of any visit to Firehouse Subs is the Coca-Cola Freestyle machine. I love this thing. I don't really need 120+ drink choices, but it's fun to try a few new flavors on each visit.
Surprise, surprise there is a Firehouse sub shop in Las Vegas! This is my first time coming here, but word on an eastcoaster's street is that it is a legit sub, so why not?

I shared a large "Engineer" with smoked turkey breast, melted swiss, sauted mushrooms, and the regular stuff. Good, sure, but didn't fufill all it's reputation-glory. The soda fountain was cool. You choose your brand, then you choose your flavor. 

What I liked was that I shared a large sandwich, but there were slight differences. I like onions and mustard, he does not. They easily accommodated so that both of our side of the wich was to our liking and choosing.
My friend went and picked us up subs for lunch one day after raving about how great these subs were. I decided to get a steak and cheese sub.. but was disappointed :(
To be honest, I wasn't expecting much with a chain sandwich shop, but the food was very good plus they have a cool soda machine.

Service was fine but nothing special.

Food: 5
Service: 4
Total: 4.5 Rounds Down
I seem to be fond of this place although for a sub it's a little pricier than regular but hey it floats my boat so I am good.
Right when you walk in the staff welcomes you.. They aren't soggy like other places I have been too. Actually has a little bit of sweetness. Maybe it is because of the wheat. 

If you go I would recommend that you try
Hook and ladder or
Smoke house beef and cheddar brisket
Plus the pop machine is amazing you have lots of options for pop.
My friend ordered me the Veggie sub for lunch, knowing I'd never had them before. They are a little more than Subway, but you can taste the difference in the quality of the produce. Their bread is much better, very tasty and you can actually TASTE the tomato. The mushrooms were cooked perfectly, and the sauce was a great compliment. All for around 7$, plus a pickle slice! Yay pickles! I want to come back and try some other things now, and get my boyfriend to have one!
The food was awesome!!! My 1st time being here and I'll be definitely coming back for 2nds!!!
The food was great,cooked just how I wanted, staff was excellent and soda machine is a plus
This review is based on the service and not the food.

Normally when I walk in to every Firehouse Subs everyone yells "Welcome to Firehouse Subs!" but this time, I walked in and no one said anything. I honestly don't really care I just thought it was their tradition. The employees just looked at me and continued their conversations. One of them was on break and was just sitting there staring at me as I walked in and looked at the menu. When I ordered a medium meatball sub with no combo it came out to $10.69. I was a bit taken back but I paid anyways. As I sat down I looked at the menu & saw that a sub only was 5.79. I looked at my receipt and it said I ordered a kid's cheese quesadilla combo with dessert. Annoyed, I tried getting the cashier but she was long gone. I had to ask one of the other employees to fetch her for me and another worker came out. The girl came out and defensively snapped at him "I pushed that button. That's the meatball sub" and he said "You ordered the wrong one." She mumbled to me "sorry about that" in the most unmeaningful way. I got pretty annoyed because I was starving and just wanted food. The guy took so long punching all these things into the cashier and said "give me the penny you got back and I'll give you the $10.70" Honestly for messing up my order and overcharging me, I expected them to compensate me in some sort of way or at the very least sincerely apologize. So I had to get my money back and pay for the food again. I sat down waiting and the two workers were flirting right in front of me! Like honestly, I don't care what you have going on but just make my food. I'm the only customer here and you guys are just messing around, giggling, wrestling with their hands. I looked at the guy on break and he still was just watching us. They messed up my order, took their sweet, sweet time making it and when I took my food he said "don't hold it vertical." Okay.
Live their subs.  Make sure to tell them hot or cold.  They make it hot it seems, if you don't ask for cold.  Fresh and big portions. You may order a sandwich and take home half. Nice service too!
I work next door and sometimes I grab a little something for lunch.  Food is always fresh and nice.  Always super clean .
The staff is friendly and pleasant. Great sandwiches.
The Italian Sub is great.  All subs come with a pickle.  Also, they give you the option to round up your change and donate to the public safety fund.  The locations also have the new Coke machines that are super awesome.  A medium sub + chips + a drink costs about $8.50 with tax depending on the sub you get.
Believe it or not, I may have had the best sandwich to date here in Vegas at this Firehouse. Just to be sure, I've gone back on three separate occasions! I decided to opt for the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket combo which comes with a soda, choice bag of chips, and a sliced dill pickle.

First off, I absolutely adore the Coca-Cola machine in which you fill your cup. It is one of those electronic touch-screen ones you can find at places like Five Guys Burgers and Fries and Wing Stop, in which you can fully customize your soda with added flavors such as vanilla, orange, cherry, and much more.

With the sandwich, you are given the choice of white or wheat bread which is topped with deliciously moist and tender beef brisket which has been smoked for over 16 hours. Add cheddar cheese, mayo, and savory Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce and you have a sandwich fit for the gods. Be sure to eat it quick before you decide to take a look at the nutrition facts! This sandwich definitely packs a WALLOP in the caloric, fat, carb, and sodium departments!
I'm pregnant, and I was craving the meatball sub...so I come in here and I see two teenage boys. One was cleaning and the other was ready to take my order. Once I ordered my sandwich, I got my drink and went back to watch them make my sandwich. The one that took my order must've been new cause he didn't know how to make it. The other one that was cleaning, turns around and says...do you need something? I was like... -.- I'm watching you make my sandwich....
Ugh! It's 30 minutes before closing...I know how it is but dang...take pride in yourself and act courteous. I'm not sure if I'll be back...
Excellent!  Food, service, presentation, and staff.  The prices are a bit on the pricier side of things, but worth it for the ambience.  Highly recommended!
Nothing like a Jimmy John's opening up within a reasonable drive from your house. When I moved to Scottsdale about a year ago, I would make the drive to North Scottsdale (8-10 miles) just for a delicious sandwich.

Tonight, I had to feed the beast from within, and boy was he ragin'.

I popped into this Jimmy John's after finding it on their Web site (this review is also me creating the Yelp listing!). 

The staff at this location is fast, friendly and everything that I have come to expect from Jimmy John's. My sandwich was done by the time I put the lid on my drink. Freaky fast!

Another big plus about this particular location (vs. others) is the type of ice they use. The machine dispenses pelletized ice. The kind that keeps your drink cold and perfect.

I almost always eat sandwiches. And when I do, Jimmy John's will always be one of my choices. Great work JJ!
I noticed that a new Jimmy John's had opened on Hayden in McCormick Ranch.  I am a sandwich fan, and had heard about Jimmy John's for several years, but had never been able to stop and try one. So since it was close, I decided to see why everybody was recommending them.  It wasn't busy when I arrived, so I was able to ask some questions, and take my time deciding what I wanted.  

I ordered a Vito, which is essentially an 8" Italian sub.  I was impressed - not only was it fresh, but the bread was delicious.  The only thing that I was disappointed with was that it was not as filling as I expected. Now when I go, I order of the "Giant" side of the menu, and it is just right.

Great sandwich shop, and one of my regular stops on my way home from golf.
Why did I wait so long to visit Jimmy John's?!  My memories of this chain are filled with lackluster sandwiches. Guess I was ordering the wrong thing.  

I checked out the menu online so I could contemplate my choices without holding up the line.  My decision:  a turkey unwich. 

Oh, I was skeptical. I mean, how big can a lettuce wrap be?  Turns out Jimmy John's found the jackpot of humongous lettuce leaves.  The only disappointment was the minimal amount of turkey. Everything else was incredibly fresh and tasty.  The dijon had a nice kick to it and the peppers were DELICIOUS. 

The cherry on top was walking out and--gasp!--being THANKED for my business.  Thank you Jimmy John's, for adding a little brightness to my day.
Went here last Friday night around 6:00 PM. Food was great but employees were disgusting. 

Of course I expected teenagers to be working at a sub shop on a Friday night but these teens were a different breed. The kid taking our order yawned without covering his mouth while entering our order into the register, he looked like he hadn't showered in months, had erratic facial hair,  and sat on an open trash can while taking the order. All of the kids acted completely un interested in making sure we had what we needed. They gave us someone else's sandwich and I wouldn't be surprised if he wrapped it back up and gave it to the correct person after I had already opened it and touched it. 

As we left my dad (an older gentleman) decided to order a cookie, I headed out the door to wait outside. I watched as he paid and turned around to walk out the door. The kids pointed and laughed behind his back while mocking him as he walked away. It took everything inside of me not to walk back in and put them in their place. These kids need a lesson in respect.
********I Found Another JJ Location ....... That Sucks*******

This one.......and the one located on Cactus......must be the same Franchisee.

Carried out two sandwiches.......both were disgusting.

 (-) Want extra vinaigrette on the side ........ they don't have the small plastic cups.
 (-) a newborn Rabbit would STARVE on the amount of lettuce on the sandwiches.

Subway on its worst day ........ beats this "Crap Franchisee".
Just ordered my sub and asked for my hot peppers on the side.  Was told they couldn't and the reason is "it's against company policy".  What?? They done me wrong and won't go back.
For a sub shop, great place.

Delivery is freaky fast for sure.  I order delivery half the time.

Pro's
- fast delivery
- quick service if ordering onsite
- staff friendly
- food is good

Con's
- No WiFi.  Would like since AT&T service spotty near this building. 


Good spot.  Glad there is a location here.
This place is just wonderful!!  I'm not even much of a sandwich fan, but this Jimmy John's changed my perspective.  I wasn't sure what to order, but Erika was so helpful!!  She recommended one of her favorites, and I must say she has great judgement.  Great food, amazing customer service, and a great atmosphere.  Now I crave sandwiches from there. Thank you, Jimmy John's!  :)
Terrific bread, great tasting sandwich! 
Music was too loud to hold a conversation and the staff seem disinterested.
Jimmy John's is one of my favorite Sandwich joints.  I know it's a chain, but they make great Sandwiches and FAST!  This particular location is one where I go often for lunch.  Of course my favorite thing to get is the #9 Italian Club w/Hot Peppers ($5.50) and a bag of Salt & Vinegar Jimmy Chips ($.99).

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jimmy-johns-gourmet-sandwiches-scottsdale-2?select=CpY2MC6Es0T_HrcZS-3jxA#CpY2MC6Es0T_HrcZS-3jxA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jimmy-johns-gourmet-sandwiches-scottsdale-2?select=ifXZZVPDXK30O1qdMvPbqg#ifXZZVPDXK30O1qdMvPbqg

Return Factor - 100%
59 minute delivery!
I thought this place was supposed to be freaky fast...
I ordered a sandwich online at 1:01pm and it did not arrive until 2:00pm. Called 40 minutes in and the girl said they are always understaffed and overwhelmed. I don't even really like JJ's but I needed delivery on a busy day at work. NEVER AGAIN.
Oh and the cucumbers were missing on my sandwich too.

Fail.
Ok, this story has good, bad and ugly. 

First the bad: today was the second time in a row we ordered and it took over an hour to get our food (order confirmation came at 11:50am and still had no lunch by 1:15pm). Both times I called and asked where the order was and talked to people who are obviously not trained for phone service. It was a lot of "huh?", "um" and "hold on". 

Now the ugly: Today the manager, J., got on the phone and I was just plain hangry. I wasn't disrespectful but I did unload my frustration that this was the second time in a row we had problems with delivery, and I was about to leave my office for the day without lunch. He stayed professional the entire time. 

And the good: J. personally remade the entire order, comped it and delivered it himself within 15 minutes. He was totally sweet about it and made good. Typically when you hold someone accountable they get all crappy about it (especially if one of you is hangry), but he was great.

Based on the other comments here on Yelp it seems like they have some consistent problems. Will have to try them one more time to see how it goes, willing to give them another chance after how it was resolved today.
Only thing I ever get here is the #17. The food is decent for what it is and the cookies rock.

The bad part is that they have had my order wrong at least 3 times. They need to train before putting them on the line, sucks to get 6 miles back to work and have the wrong order.
I don't want to have to wait for over 40 minutes for delivery. I could walk to the store. Eat there. Then walk home in that time. It's a good thing I'm stuck at work and am forced to have to wait for a freaky slow delivery.
My first experience here at this location was lousy. Loud music, unfriendly employees and a bad sandwich (Italian). I went back a year later, last week - same location - SAME thing. I don't even think the bread is fresh. It's so loud in there with the music blaring that you can't hold a conversation. Employees are mostly teens who don't give a crap and the food is nothing special. Even the cookies were lousy. Not fresh baked or anything.
My lousy experience with this Jimmy John's started with an overcharge on my debit card. I ordered 1 sandwich and 1 bag of chips for a delivery. The delivery was fast and the food was good, so lets get that out there to be fair. I added an extra star because the food here has always been fine.

I logged into my bank account like I normally do, and there was a $19 charge from Jimmy's. That's one expensive sandwich.
I called three times. Spoke to "managers" 3 times. My information was taken, and all 3 times, my call was never returned.
I went there in person; Once again, my information taken, no call returned. There was a general "I have no idea how to handle this, I'm going to call my boss/area manager" and then nothing.
This is really poor customer service. My call should have been returned the first day-a courtesy "I am handling it, I will get your card refunded asap, apologies, etc. 

Over charging a customer is a big deal. I gave the tip in cash, so I know that I did not key in a wrong amount when I placed my order online.

This was their mistake, and no effort was made on behalf of the management to help me.
They've lost my business.
Really slow service at lunch time. Seemed completely confused, unprepared and understaffed for the volume of customers which didn't appear to be excessive considering the time of day. Get a second star for good food but the service is sub-par at best.
Honestly not a bad spot, but its not great either.

I feel that this location is on par with other locations, probably a training ground if anything which would explain a few mistakes in my order but nothing to cry about.  Music is a little loud for me but the most important thing is the food which is just fine.
This place is great! Was waiting for it to open and randomly drove by today on the 1st day. Great authentic cheesesteaks, the meat was excellent and they also had about 10 different hot sauces besides their Geno's sauce.. but I still put the Geno's sauce on every bite it was that good.  

Great ambiance in the place, and the furnishings were really nice compared to any other cheesesteak place or deli nearby. Each wall had flat screen tv's, and they even had $1.50 pints of beer!! The service was great, and even though it was pay when you order the girls still came by and asked how everything was multiple times. I'll definitely be going here on a weekly basis- and there's 3 cheesesteak places closer and I'll still make the drive everytime from now on.. 

Oh and its even open until 4am.. which means that despite what town I may be in or how much I drank there will be time to stay until last call and still have time for the taxi to make the pitstop before I get home!
Dinner with the nephew tonight and this was his choice.  His second time, my first.  

Now I feel that I must preface this review by saying that in NO way am I a philly cheesesteak expert... I only claim to know what I like... and even then sometimes I change my mind!

Geno's is pretty good... definitely still have some kinks to work out as far as staff and service issues... but food was decent.  For a newly open shop what else would you expect, right?  Seemed like a lot of staff working and not a whole lot of business.   Didn't make sense that the tables hadn't been bussed when there were several people just standing around... 

I had half of a pepper philly with chicken  (Mild peppers, spicy cherry peppers, sweet peppers, mayo and white American cheese )  [Half 4.99 Whole 8.99]
It was OK... although side note...I have never had a philly where the cheese was cooked in with the chicken... usually it's on top... Wouldn't say it was bad... just different and not what I expected.

My nephew had the Saurkrout Dog - (minus the onions)
 Grilled onions, grilled sauerkrout and spicy mustard [3.99]
He really enjoyed it... especially the sauerkrout

And we shared an order of Greek Fries - 
 Feta cheese, greek dressing and shredded parmesean [3.99]

Dee-lish-ous!  (would go back again just for this yumminess!)

Lots of hot sauce choices and a great "sub sauce."  Best described as a watered down hot sauce with a tad more vinegar... Wonderful addition on the philly and the fries! 

We also ordered the Garlic Chicken Pita to go for my sister (who btw stalks my yelp reviews!! Hi D! :)
 Chicken, garlic sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles. [5.99]

Must have been pretty good because it was gone shortly after she got home! lol!

Decent food, good price.  Overall, definitely good addition to the ASU area!
At work we decided to try Genos. Staff on the phone was very friendly and  attentive when taking my order. When I arrived at Genos my order was ready, staff was friedly and restaurant was clean and inviting. I ordered Geno's Famous Philly w/Jalapenos a whole size. Flavor was great I recomend adding Jalapenos. Everyone ordered a whole sandwhich and we all were agreement a whole was the way to go, half just wouldn't cut. Everyone at work enjoyed sandwhichs and said we would order again. Only draw back its a bit pricey $9 for a whole and they charge for addiotioanl toppings, our suggestion is not to charge for additional toppings.
Ordered a 9$ cheesesteak for lunch. It took them over an hour to deliver it (only a few blocks away)

I was also very disappointed with the quality of sandwich I got for 9$ it was mostly bread. The meat wasn't spread through the whole sandwich so I was left with cheesy bread ends. 

Over priced and slow. No go.
I was hungry but too lazy to go anywhere to get food. My boyfriend mentioned that someone dropped of a menu from Geno's and they deliver till 4 am. The menu listed a variety of cheesesteaks, sandwiches, hot dogs, gyros, salads, wings, burgers, and loaded fries. I decided on a mushroom cheesesteak and Greek fries. When the delivery guy arrived with my food he told me he didn't have change for a $20. Your job is to deliver food and you don't have change? If you are a delivery guy and you know that someone is paying cash you should come prepared. Other than that the food was really good and I will definitely order from Geno's again.
Great cheesesteak. They have such a variety it would be hard not to please a cheesesteak fan. I didn't get it delivered yet. I actually might do that right now. Highly recommend going here although the prices are a little on the higher end.
Has beer on tap and in bottles. Tap includes Shock Top.
It's midnight and a half and I've got the munchies after spending an evening at the poolside drinking ciders and chatting with a great friend. I take the dog out for her nighttime walk and to grab the mail, and once I get home I go through the stack of weekly flyers that jam my mailbox when I come across a familiar name: Geno's. 

   Now this name means something to me. Geno's is my favourite cheesesteak, experienced a number of times during trips out to Philadelphia and perpetually missed. I feel some misgivings about seeing a new place that has blatantly stolen the name of a landmark, but decide to give them a shot having been wooed by their big bold claims of being open super-late.

   I had passed by the location earlier in the day so finding Geno's was easy peasy, and at 1am there was no line so my order was in quick as a whistle. I mill about, impressed at a massive array of hot sauces on the counter but otherwise bored by the blatant ZOMGPHILADELPHIA decor.  In a very reasonable time the cute girl behind the counter hands me a foil tube which felt a bit light, but still held promise of tasty times.

   Rather than eating in, I bring the 'steak home to give the meat juices and "cheese sauce" (apparently not cheese whiz) proper time to soak into the roll. Unrolling it, I notice that the paper wrapper inside the foil is remarkably clean,  and my heart sinks a bit at the suggestion of a lack of the aforementioned meat juice and 'whiz. I finish unwrapping the 'steak and find a roll unlike the soft, spongy bread that I'm used to, rather one that is a little dry and crusty on the edges and dusted with corn meal. 

   I ordered a whole because I'm not a little girl, so I tear the 'steak in half and notice how little meat is in the sandwich, so little that there's an entire inch and a half at one end of the sandwich that has no filling at all. Not good, but I'm in this for the long haul. I take my first bite into a center bit, and while the flavor is okay, it is markedly dry and not nearly gooey with 'whiz enough. I soldier on and notice a great inconsistency in the onions, some cut into thin strips and others still in big chunks. The rest of the sandwich was as dry as the first bite and the corn meal dusting on the bread distracts from what flavor was there. 

   In the end, I really don't feel like I got my nine bucks worth of cheesesteak so I'm going to file this place away as a late-night desperation call, but definitely never a first choice.
For $20 I feel I got ripped the fuck off. For a third of the price, I could have got two subs at jimmy johns. Whack. Dude took a $3 tip then spilled my soda. Oh. And dude also didn't bring me a fork, so I had to wash a fucking dish. Fuck that.
$9 freaking dollars for a philly cheesesteak that is about the size of an old dollar coin?  Save yourself the money and go to Chicago's Taylor Street just down the road on Rural and Curry.  A bit shorter but way thicker, all for 5 bucks!!  These people lost their minds charging what they do.
I went back after my initial review and gave the place a second chance.  Frequented there often because I found their wings to be awesomely hot.  After going there ALL the freaking time, I ordered wings (2 dozen) which were basically not hot what so ever.  I called and long story short, they gave me a 3 dollar discount.  Had I known that was what was given, I would have had them deliver another order and pick up what was left.  

What really irritates me is that when I call up and find this out, the girl basically just says that there's nothing SHE can do.  And then just leaves it at that.  Well how about getting someone on the phone who can?  What a concept!  I mean, I know it's just short of rocket science, but come on!  

Then, the manager comes on the phone.  I ask if she worked yesterday, and her reply is, "what day is it today?"  WTF?!  Seriously?  People are absolutely effing clueless!  So begins to tell me that she doesn't have the authority to do anything else.  SHE doesn't.  Well who the heck does?  Maybe..just maybe we should contact them?  

I find it extremely aggravating when you have to problem solve your own issues with a company because the employees are dumber than a box of rocks!  Do you have one brain cell that is functional?  This place sucks.
I used to love Geno's because the food is good and they deliver but the employees seriously suck at life. The first time I placed an order for delivery the delivery driver had no change and offered to take my money, go to the store, and bring me back my change. The guy looked untrustworthy so I declined his offer. We have had food delivered to our apt several times and today a girl told me they don't deliver to my area. I asked her why they delivered to my apt a week ago and she said if I order $30 worth of food they'll deliver it . I don't know if they don't train their employees well or if they just hire stupid people but I have a feeling its a mixture of both. I called Silver Mine and had no problems. I wouldn't recommed eating here unless you enjoy dealing with idiots.
Great food, good prices, iffy customer service.
I had high expectations going into this place due to the name, and the fact that they already have a successful location here in the valley, but was let down.

Went in to order my Philly, and was greeted by who might possibly be the least intelligent ASU coed in existence (Yes, I found her).  The experience went like this:

Me: : Hello, I want to get a regular Philly to go.  Could I get some extra onions on that please?  (Mind you, it already comes with onions and cheese)   I see you have potato salad.  Is it homemade?"

She: (Vapid stare into the void)

Me:  (After uncomfortable silence of seemingly years)  "Uuh...is your potato salad made here...like in-house?"

She:  "Well, uuh, it's better than the stuff you get at the grocery store."

Me:  "I, um...well, you see... OK, never mind  (giving up).  I'll try it.

She:  "That'll be 13.00 (and change)".

Me:  (Looking at the bill)  "Ummmm....you guys charge 50 cents (OK, 49) for extra onions?  Does that seem a little strange???"

She:  (Vapid stare returns)

Me: "Fine, whatever...but that's really cheap, you might want to tell the owner that 50 cents for some extra onions on a sandwich that already comes with them is a bit of overkill.

She:  *crickets chirping*

The sandwich was OK, probably three stars, and the potato salad was fine.  Likely it is from Shamrock or whoever their distributor is.  There seems to be no way to find out.  This is the first one star review I have written.  I hope the owner reads this and realizes how effing cheap it is to charge fifty cents to throw some extra onions on an effing sandwich. Cheese sauce is their own recipe it seems, not WIZ like someone already mentioned.  It is OK.

Also, train your staff.  You have been there for months now.  Have all cashiers spend a few hours in the kitchen to see wtf is going on with your product.

One more comment, before I end this rant.  13+ dollars for a sandwich and a small potato salad is bloody ridiculous.  This place is now officially on the boycott list.
Very clean, fast service, very nice employees and good subs!!
UPDATE: Their delivery charge went up to $3.50 (Not kidding!) That is just ridiculous. I won't be ordering from here very often anymore.



Geno's is one of my favorite places for late night delivery! They are pretty darn fast, pretty cheap when compared to price, and everyone is always really friendly (both the people on the phone and the delivery guy). 

The delivery minimum is 8.99 or something like that and the delivery fee is 1.75 I think.

So here is the food rundown!

Reuben Philly: Really tasty. Ask for light dressing if you don't want the thing smothered (and I don't). The chopped pastrami is kind of weird but still tasty.

Caesar Salad: Oh my god it is soo good! The dressing is amazing, tangy and salty exactly the way good Cesar dressing tastes like. I order from Geno's more often then any other delivery place because I always get a salad and this salad is amazing. Everything is always fresh and green, no old lettuce here!

Western Burger: The burger is really good. Totally filling. The patty is a bit dense which probably means that they smash it down on the grill, but other then that it's really tasty.

Greek Fries: Do not order these on delivery! The fries never make it here very good. They are always soggy. 

Anywho, I love this place and for late night delivery (they deliver till 4am!) it can not be beat.
This review is dedicated to Mat C.  We ate at Gino's together for lunch, and he demanded that I write this review and make it funny.  And the next day he told me I needed to make this revision.

So I gave Mat C. several options for lunch based on some coupons I had pulled from the Entertainment Book, and he selected Moreno's.  So we can all blame Mat C. for this review and our misadventure.  We drove to Moreno's. . .  wait this is a review about Gino's and guess what.  Moreno's died, and from its ashes sprung Gino's.  I had driven by Gino's many times, but hadn't noticed the lack of Moreno's.  Moreno's was rather nondescript, but Gino's lets it all hang out with signs and flashy colors.  It is hard to miss.  I was eager to eat there as I drive past it every day I go to work.  The first thing I noticed was that I couldn't check in because Gino's had neglected to add themselves to Yelp.  What a huge oversight.  Who just relies on signs and flashy colors?  So I added them, thanks Yelp.  Yep, that's a new feature, although my ampersand was converted into a dollar sign.  That wasn't my fault people.  The wait was short, but then we were the only ones in the place.  Mat C. got the original cheesesteak, and found the amount of meat lacking.  He's been spoiled by another restaurant that shall remain nameless.  The whole place had the feel of a corporate chain with specific amounts of meat scripted into each sandwich.  Mat C. recommends laying it on thick when a restaurant is getting established.  He ended up ditching the roll and just eating the meat because the roll was too plain as it had no distinctive taste and wasn't toasted.  Our other friend, who shall also remain nameless because this review isn't dedicated to him, ordered some kind of pastrami cheesesteak and said that there was too much vinegar.  Not sure why there would be any vinegar, but there you have it.  He didn't finish his.  I got the Reuben cheesesteak, which was good.  They coated both the inside of the roll and outside of the roll with the Thousand Island dressing, which worked well, dressing wise.  Otherwise, it was just meat, roll, and dressing.  Not to exciting, but tasted good nonetheless.  And we all agreed that the chili cheese fries were the best part.  I'd be willing to return, but both of my friends declared that it was a one timer, and my feelings aren't strong enough to pester them into a second chance.  Plus, the next day they told me that they felt sick afterwards.
Honestly, this place sucks my left nut. Cheesesteaks and gyros are trash...l the deli sandwichs are not bad, a little light on the meat but still decent.
I'm not a big cheesesteak person, but Genos changed me. My bf was begging to go. The first time I ordered a whole, which is $9 but a whole lot! I get halves now for $5(same as a Subway or Jimmy Johns sandwich, but with flavor). The greek fries are good, but get the dressing on the side. I have to agree, service is definitely lacking a "warm & fuzzy" feeling & the delivery fee is astronomical, but it's well worth it for a consistently good sandwich & being open til 4AM. I don't know if it's just the haters that are writing reviews or we've just been lucky getting all our orders right, but this place rocks hard for a yummy phillies. Oh yeah, as for the bread, I dig it. It's nothin crazy, but it's always fresh n compliments the rest well.
I ordered delivery after a long day on campus and it cost $13 for a gyro, fries and a soda. I normally don't mind paying the extra cash for a delicious meal but the fries were room temperature by the time I got them and the gyro was just okay. This meal was not worth the money. I will not be returning to this place.
Yesterday was my first visit.  I had gotten a flyer in the paper and I had passed the place. So knowing what they had I went in. 
The place was clean and bright. I liked that.
I ordered my cheesesteak with fries and the reguler drink size. No meal deal here $10 Buck! This make me not so happy, because I love this meal, but I don't go get a $10 sandwich meal each week.. The food was hot, fresh and tasty and came faster than I expected. This made me happy. The Sub roll was fresh, soft, warm and loaded with meat, mushrooms, onioned green bell pepper slices. My only disappointment was with the fries. The fries taste a little strange like they are coated with something during processing. They come out crisp and look fine. I had this experience at other locations. They should change fries. I plan to not order them ever again. Besides at $2 you get a handful small side of them. When I order fries in addition and pay extra I expect enough to share or make a meal of.  I'm just saying one feels they have been budozooled by the cost and portion you get for $2, We are a McDonald's super size nation and well if I was paying $2 for fries at Mc D's a hell of a lot of fries would be on the plate!  But since I don't like these fries and plan to skip them in the future unless they change fry suppliers the small portion was enough.

However the cheese steak was awesome but extra cheese  should be advised.

They offer beer here also but the service is somewhat just there and not actually suggesting or tempting to up sell you, so I saw this after the fact.  Oh well there's room for improvement but they make a great variety of Cheesesteaks and deli sandwiches to enjoy.
One night I was really craving a cheesesteak so I called and ordered Genos. They said it was going to take an hour and I considered going to pick it up because I live only five minutes from Genos. Well when it is actually delivered to my house, it had taken more like an hour and a half. The food was soggy and fries were cold. I was very disappointed.
This place seems to get a lot of hate, and I'm not sure why.  When I've been, I've had nothing but a good experience.  Admittedly I've never had a sandwich delivered, and that seems to be the source of a lot of complaints, but unless you live like across the street, NEVER order a cheesesteak for delivery.  Cheesesteak sandwiches are a race against the clock: they're inherently super greasy (that's the nature of the sandwich), and that grease wants to go somewhere, and that somewhere is going to be the bread.  Yeah, the bread should get a bit soggy in a good steak, but wait too long, and it's going to be disgusting.  A good cheesesteak should be eaten right away.

Anyway, on to my experience.  Geno's makes a surprisingly authentic cheesesteak sandwich.  The bread is excellent, the steak is perfect, and they've got the whiz.  I haven't gone to a lot of other cheesesteak joints here, but I've been to several in Salt Lake and several in Philly (my parents are from PA), and this place holds its own.  The portions are very generous.  I had a side of fries.  Nothing to write home about, but passable.

Is Geno's cheap?  Nah, not really, but cheesesteaks are never cheep.  If you want a five dollar foot long sub, there's Subway for that.  At $9 for a full steak sandwich, Geno's is priced about right for this kind of shop.  Yeah, it's not priced low enough to be an everyday lunch, but if you plan on eating a massive steak sandwich for lunch on a daily basis, you'd better rethink your life.

One thing I really liked was that they had some great Philly staples, namely Tastykakes and Birch Beer.  Nice touch that reminds me of home.

If you're in the mood for a good steak, head on in.  Based on the reviews you may want to avoid delivery, but that goes without saying if you're getting a cheesesteak.  Besides, there's plenty of room to sit and eat, and the dining room is bright and clean.

The only thing that bugs me a bit is the name: this is obviously a reference to the famous Geno's in Philly on 9th Street, though the two are obviously not related (which is a good thing since the Geno's in Philly is kinda racist).  For some reason taking the name seems wrong to me.  Besides, if you're going to steal a name from a place on 9th Street, steal Pat's!
Being the food snob that i am, i did not want to go here. in my head i thought, "oh great, another wanna be cheesesteak shop." But it was late, and for some reason i was in Tempe, so i tried it out with a couple of friends.. to be honest the sandwich i ate was not the best, but that was only because i got "pepper crazy" and ordered three different kinds of peppers for my hoagie. i swapped half of mine with my friends regular whiz steak, and i was instantly happy.  The bread was soft but a little refreshing in a way to not be harder as i expected. Service was good, and i was able to watch the rest of The Fast and The Furious that was playing,
DRUNK FOOD = GENOS 
BEST PLACE TO CURE that junk food craving and the best part is its open till 4 am 
so after last call you have GENOS! 
Its not downtown Philly, but it has its own flavor with a twist come on were in Arizona..
delivery dude "forgot" to bring change. how fucking convenient. Another $20 fucking dollars for a sandwich, drink and macaroni salad.
Best cheese steaks I have had in Arizona yet! The fried pickles are really really good too!
Don't eat here. The employees are incompetent. I clearly asked for no onions or mayo on my sandwich and got home to find that both were on there. Their job is not that difficult. I don't understand how someone can screw up something so simple. They are lucky I'm not allergic to onions or else things could have been way worse. I won't be eating here again.
I would give this place a zero star if I could. Just ordered a cheese steak and 2 hot dogs for delivery and asked for extra ketchup and mustard. When they came I didn't get any. I am at a hotel and I don't want to eat a hot dog plain so I call and when I ask for it she says well it wasn't on the slip that's why it wasn't delivered. So I said okay well I talked to u so what's the deal??? She then put me on hold and said well we can't deliver ketchup or mustard past 4pm. What!!!??? Are you nuts lady, even if that was so why didn't you tell me that when I ordered!!! Horrible customer service. Would never recommend this place again and have nothing but negative things to say about the customer service.
My wife and daughter like the cheesesteaks, so I wish I liked the sandwiches. Bottom line, the hoagie rolls are stale and gross here, so a cold turkey sandwich is destined for mediocrity. I guess on the positive side it keeps me from eating bread, but to me that's one of the key components of a sandwich done right. Genos doesn't get it right.
I have to say for a college area, this place wasn't so bad!

I had a 1/2 Provolone Philly Cheese-steak only because I don't like Cheese wiz! The bread stayed nice, didn't get soggy like other places. The onions and peppers weren't crunchy but they weren't over cooked either. I do wish they would have put mayo on mine, but it was my fault for not asking to! The size was perfect for me.

MWH had the same except that his was full sized. He agreed that we should have gotten a side of mayo. He also ordered Onion Rings, which looked very good, nice and crispy. He said they were good also.

I ordered Fried Pickles! Anyone who knows me knows that I will always try any ones Fried Pickles at least once! The pickles were spears, which I do not like, but what can you do? They were fried up well, the batter was a little spicy but I like them like that. I did feel they were a little over cooked for my liking. The ends were soggy - so I didn't eat the ends. We got 5 pickles for our order, which I thought were pretty good.

MDD got fries smothered in Cheese and Bacon! She said they were wonderful! 

Bottle of water and two drinks total came to $34.00 and change. A little high for my liking but not bad for lunch. We left full and content. 

(FYI - MWH stands for My Wonderful Husband and MDD stands for My Darling Daughter)

;)
Philly cheese steaks are my favorite sandwich, and as many of you know it's hard to find one that's perfect. 

However Geno's is very very good. I always get the hoagie Philly, bread gets a little soggy sometimes though. 

Their fried pickles at this location are really good but I wish they were the pickle chips instead of spears. The fried zucchini wasn't that great, the zucchini was actually mushy and I don't like that. 

Only other downfall is that it's usually a 10-15 minute wait for to go orders
So disapointing! Today was my first experience & last! Let me start by saying that the woman at the counter was polite and helpful while I was ordering. The restaurant had maybe 2-4 customers in it so not extremely busy at all. I got my order fairly quick and came home. Opened my sandwich up to find it was NOT what I ordered at all, not even close! I called and they suggested I could come back and they would remake my order...why should I have to go out of my way, as a paying customer, to fix someone else's error?! There were lots of excuses as to why the "mix-up" happened and very few solutions to my dinner problem. I suggested they remake my order and utilize their delivery service since I live in the area, they seemed hesitant but agreed. Its been 30min+ since I called, even if this sandwich is amazing, I will NEVER give my money to this company ever again.
I'd give them a 5 star but; their quality is a tad uneven. Where they're good; they're def 'on point' though. :)
When I noticed this place open up, I was quite curious; however, I never made it out to here until last night.  

They were very polite and quick, but the cheesesteak was average at best.

Of course, on my first time there I went for the sandwich with the wiz on it, as to measure it up to others in the cheesesteakosphere.

It was the kind of experience that started out decent, but by the time I was about 5 bites in, the lower quality ingredients began to speak.  By the end I was over it and, the last bite tasted exactly like a McDonalds cheeseburger.

The bread was run of the mill and too soft, but didn't get totally soggy.

Honestly the fixings on the sandwich were the only thing speaking to me.

The meat wasn't like thin sliced steak, it was more like some chimera of steak and ground beef.  

They have an OK tap there.

I see it as a reasonable option for late night/boozy acquisitions, but don't plan a meal on it.
Tonight I was super hungry (hadn't eaten since breakfast) and didn't feel like cooking tonight so I decided to go out.  I was trying to decide between Geno's or In n out.  Since it was closer I went with Geno's.  By the end of my meal I was kind of regretting my decision.

I ordered a famous philly wit whiz.  A lot of people outside of Philly hate it this way but I love it.  

The sandwich itself was pretty good.  Solid steak, the whiz was tasty, the grilled onions were excellent and the soft bread made it come together.  

However not somewhere I would eat regularly.  This sandwich was 9 dollars and it didn't even fill me up.  There could have been more meat in it as well.  The sandwich was good, but nowhere near worth 9 dollars.

If you have money to spend and want a solid cheesesteak and you're in the area, do it.  But if you're living on a budget, I wouldn't recommend this place.

On another note, I also had a tastykake and it was pretty good!

However I probably won't be back anytime soon.
Yes my cheesesteak eventually did arrive. The best way to describe it is it was....underwhelming to say the least. Like I said previously, never again.
Ordered two sweet pepper cheese steaks and cheese fries to two to split.

First, the lack of knowledge of the menu by the counter person was staggering.  Nice enough person, but basically she knew jack about the menu...which was kind of amazing since the menu isn't all that complex.

Next price to value.  Way out of whack.  I mean this place is across the street from ASU and lunch for two was $20+.  Really???!!?? For cheese steaks and fries?

Quality of food.  Fair.  Cheese steaks were ok, but I'm glad I ordered them with sweet peppers...would hate to see what the spicy ones are like.

Fries...serviceable.

Something was slightly off about the food.  I had really bad acid reflux and well...how do I put this politely...my friend had one exit no waiting.

Overall, not a place to return to.
Rude Representative on the phone!!! I can't believe that she hang up on me!!
One of the best Philly cheesesteak places in AZ that I can think of off the top of my head. My personal favorite is the pepper Philly, if you want that little bit of spice.
This is probably my favorite cheese steak in town, the meat is tender, the vegetables are crisp and they don't skimp on the cheese (provolone for this girl).  The roll holds up well with all the fillings, but isn't so hard you can't bite it.  I have had many Cheesesteaks, and some of them are so bland and don't taste like anything, but that is not the case here.

I know some have talked about the price, but I just had a half cheese steak with chips and a drink for less than $8 total, which is about the same at other sub places.  I was there late, at 2 pm so it was not busy and the service was quick today, but I have never had a problem with service before.

So get off your high horses and give it another try!
Not bad but not great.  I just visited Geno's for the first time looking for an authentic Philly experience, and this (i'm sorry to say) is NOT it.  The atmosphere was not bad with plenty of seating and the game was on multiple TV's.  The service was ok, nothing to write home about.  The BIG disappointment was the portion size of the cheese-steaks.  For $8.99 you would think it would be loaded with meat and toppings (like the picture's show) like Philly's actually are for the same price, but you will be SADLY mistaken.  Do not waste your $$$ here if you can help it, I do not have the answer on a local authentic Philly yet, but this is not it...The search continues.
I come here to get the garlic or cheese fries. The are usually pretty good but on occasion I have been less then happy. The Greek and Caesar salads are also good. They are open to 4am and also deliver the prices aren't to bad but the parking sucks. It's not supposed to be fine dining so take it for what it is. Decently priced decent food.
Geno's deserves 3.5 stars... 

I discovered this place when I had to go over to ASU to use their library. It was late (after 10:00 pm) and they were open. Started with the large steak with onions, mushrooms and mayo, hold the American cheese (I figured I'd had enough cholesterol for that day). I added my own salt and pepper. It was great! I've been back several times for a number of different sandwiches.

The cheesesteaks are excellent. If you want a REAL Philly cheesesteak, they have Cheez Whiz!! The cold cuts sandwiches are average. The quality of the cold cuts is excellent (they use Boar's Head meats). It's just that nothing about these sandwiches stands out. They also have chicken (if you don't eat beef). If you're a vegetarian (Indian word for "lousy hunter"), they have salads. I'm partial to the Greek Salad.

Service was good. The drinks are Coca-Cola products and they always have a nosh at the register. The last time, they got me with brownies (@ $2 EACH!!). The time before that it was Drake's yodels (again, $2 EACH). I'm starting to see a pattern here... (LOL!!)

The quality of the cheesesteaks should raise Geno's ranking to 3.5 stars. How about it, Yelp? Will you let me give them another 1/2 star?
We ordered delivery from here after 2am and they were quick, friendly, and cheap! The cheese steaks were tasty and they have a good delivery area, we live on the other side of Tempe. This will be my new go-to late night delivery place. Sorry Jimmy Johns, you've been replaced!
Wings were delicious at the moment but I ended up getting killer food poisoning and was horribly sick the day after.
For a deli in a college town I expected a whole lot more. 

I unexpectedly spent the weekend in the Phoenix area and hadn't really put much thought into dining options since I found out the Heart Attack Grill had closed. However around 11PM by the hotel poolside I saw a flyer for Geno's that had pictures and descriptions that were absolutely mouthwatering. I HAD to try it. I called in my order; two sandwich combos, classic cheesesteak for myself and a turkey on wheat with bacon for my mom) which included fries and a medium drink. 

When I got there the place was empty and as I soon found, calling in did little good since they completely screwed up the order, overcharged me and forgot to add the fries or drinks. I should've known something was up then and walked out. 


The fries were...crispy, though quite brown and nearly burnt in looks AND taste and the cheesesteak was dry, void of much cheese, they skimped on the meat and the veggies were complete flavorless. I tried a bite of my mom's sandwich and it was more of the same except her's was extremely soggy. The order came up to $19. A complete waste since neither one of us were full after the meal and due to how utterly disappointing the whole thing was. 


Bottom line: I've had better fare at Subway for half the price. Skip this place, head on over to Safeway and make your own sandwich.
The area is a mess of construction now and it's kinda tough to get into the parking lot, but Geno's is still good for basically being a college food place. I thought I had reviewed the cheesesteak I had months ago, but guess not. It was a pretty good version with cheese folded inside and a good, not great cut of meat. A few nights ago, we tried some other items, including a pretty basic half of a turkey hero on toasted sesame roll. They use boars head meat, so the sandwich is going to be good unless they use too much mayo, etc which wasn't the case. Fries were crisp and brown at $1.99 for a side order and her $6.99 burger was good quality meat, but she did not care for the bun because it was not your standard sesame, but that's just personal preference. The key here is to have coupons which are available all over Tempe in those coupon books - too bad I left mine at home because a burger meal would have been $5, but instead everything was ala carte. Still a worthy choice since its open 24 hours. Decent TV's too.
Went this afternoon with my husband baaad idea!  Both got the original cheesesteak my husband w/mozzarella sticks, I with chili fries.  His mozzarella sticks were still cold and my fries were hard.  Then we both have had stomach cramps and other issues the rest of the night.
Great food. Service sucks so bad its not worth ordering.. Just waited 2 hours for a delivery!!! Its always over an hour on delivery as well.. I hope your not to hungry
Horrendous customer service! The night manager used profanity when arguing with me about an order she COMPLETELY screwed up for a party of 4 and when asking for a refund she responded, "Have a great night" while hanging up on me! I'm sorry Geno's but you just lost a loyal client and I'll make sure others are aware of the kind of service you provide there!
Geno's has been on a steady decline since the day it opened. Employees on the phone were rude, and they messed up my order TWICE! On top of that, every time I had a delivery the sandwich was soggy and cold. Don't buy your cheesesteaks or food from here. It seems that quality and customer service is not a priority at this restaurant.
The worst reasturant experience I've ever had in Tempe. This was my first and will be my last time here. Let me get the food out of the way. It is a shame they use the word "philly" in front of cheese steaks here. I have had frozen cheesesteaks with more meat and taste. Also, i just got a mailed promo from them 2 days ago, which said $2 beers all day every day. They even have that price posted next to their register. When i ask for one the moody cashier says $2.75. When i bring up the sign right next to her she dismisses it and continues to ring me up.

Which brings me to the appalling customer service... Just Wow. The larger guy  who initially took my order was decent enough, though I can't help but notice some guy passed out in a booth. The cashier has to wake him up... it is the cook. Not a great start.  As i wait for my food  two girls come in yelling,  im not phased until they walk behind the counter and find out they are employees.  The short black haired girl was arguing with one of the male workers for 10 minutes, i could barely hear the football game. 

I have been here for 3 quarters of a football game and not once have I  been acknowledged by the staff except when iwent up for a beer. The dark haired girl was also argumentative with a guest simply asking if the game could be turned on outside. She cut him off thinking he was asking about changing the sound, stating some rehearsed line. Took the poor guy one whole minute to get his question understood.

I did not have high expectations for Geno's to start but this place is like a bad movie restaurant. Will never come back and give poor word of mouth unless.acknowledged by the manager. I look forward to writing a poor review in the news publication i represent .
I was so disappointment with this place! We were the only people in there (on a Saturday night, when they should be ready for crowds) and we waited waay too long for crappy sandwiches! They were way over priced and awful. The sandwich was all bun with very little meat. The cheese was not real cheese whiz and dripped off the sandwiches like water. What a shame, we were really looking forward to some great cheesesteaks
Went here for lunch after a day of work.

Two of the soda choices were out of order (Diet soda and sweet tea). Sandwich was not really good. Didn't have that taste you expect from a local sandwich shop. 

Service was all right, but not really much to do for them.
Great place close to ASU and the light rail stop, make your sandwich a combo for about $3 more. I'd highly recommend the garlic fries they are a excellent compliment for the cheese steak, w wiz and onions. Menu has burgers, wings an salads. This place has no free pickles, peppers , just ketchup, hot sauce and mustard. Free soda refills.. I think i saw beer as well. A few kids were there just not sure its kid friendly. They have several different kinds of sandwchs to choose from and the place is loaded w TV's and even a patio w TV's. Give it a try if you like cheese steaks
Pricey but good. You won't regret it.

If your looking for full flavor try a Hoogie. Also you will be full with a large sandwich and a drink.
Good cheesesteaks and they deliver late!  Fast service in-store but delivery can take awhile sometimes.  It's really no pricier than any other decent cheesesteak place in the Tempe area.  Their garlic fries are amazing.
This places food is so delicious I seriously love their cheesesteaks, what telly brings them down is there service. The people working there show no customer service skills what so ever, they would rather stand around and gossip than assit a paying customer. But the food...is a 5/5 in my book only reason I keep coming back.
It's a pretty good place. It's open late and is very close to campus. The food is good, but the people working there are usually pretty rude.
Geno's was nice enough to stay open till 5 am for Diamondbacks fans watching the opener from Australia. The provolone cheesesteak was tasty but a little short on meat.
What the hell is going on in Tempe with the food? This place just served me a horrible disgusting sandwich. The 1/2 provolone cheese steak was full of salty, nasty gyro meat and pretty much the discussion ends there. Took a few bites, felt the grease build up and then jumped ship and ate the 6 bucks. Of course I left my calling card with an upside side basket for somebody to clean up later.
This place is actually garbage. Their delivery is some of the slowest iv experienced and I only live down the street from them. Only redeeming quality are the mushroom caps and you can tell even those arent anywhere near fresh. The burgers iv gotten here were plain disgusting and reminded me of something an 8th grader would serve to his parents if he was trying to impress them, and the Hoogies arent much better. AVOID
You deff get what u pay for, actually there in line with other cheesesteak restaurants. The garlic fries well done is a must. And try the garlic chicken, it's great!!  Friendly service and clean. I've gotten deliveries and I can say it has gotten faster.
Not bad and not great but okay. It hits the spot but there are better options out there.
Late night spot. The different variety of fries are really worth trying. Everything else on the menu is good, not great. Avg pricing
Tried Geno's for the first time today. Might have had too high of expectations for this place but I was disappointed. 

I ordered the provolone cheese steak with mushrooms. It had NO flavor. The only way it tasted alright was because of the red sauce that was on the table. A bit overpriced too. I wouldnt pay 9 bucks for half a sandwich that is going to taste like nothing. (Had to buy fries separate because the sandwich didn't come with anything else...) wich is another thumbs down.

My boyfriend ordered a chillie cheese dog, and he said it tasted like a Circle K hotdog. It was really sloppy too. That ALSO didn't come with fries or chips. 

Overall, just not worth the money
This place puts the M in Meh....I went and got the original cheesestake today.  I have to say the meat reminded me of a hot pocket or more so a lean pocket.  Not very pleasing.  Fries were ok.  They were hot, a tad overcooked maybe. Don't think I'd go back, especially for the price.  Fries are separate, boo! The place on Mill ave is a lot better.  If this is how the cheesestakes are in Philly, well there is no reason for me to visit.
Small place with a great menu. You can tell all the items on the menu were well thought out. Talked with the owner and he said he makes everything but the mayo from scratch, can't beat that.
Great cafe, conveniently located on Goldwater, off Indian School Rd.  stopped in for a quick to go lunch and ordered the Mediterranean chicken sandwich. It was very flavorful and was really good.    Nice to see another option in the area!
Hidden gem! Aside from Defalco's deli there are very few good deli's in old town. The menu is limited but the sandwiches are very tasty. We had the new york reuben and Italian beef and will definitely be going back.
I have been eyeballing this deli for a few weeks and finally stopped in for lunch. Very nice place. Sandwiches were great. I had a Cuban sandwich that consisted of some pork tenderloin, Black Forrest Ham, cheese pickle and a great mustard. And grilled to boot. $8 for a sandwich and a side of potato salad. Definitely recommended.
Not sure how long this location has been open. It was pretty good. I gave it three stars because they got my son's sandwich wrong. Twice. And they didn't apologize. Didn't offer to take it off the bill or offer him a comp cookie or chips. Not cool. 

My sandwich was good- I got the JJBLT but added sprouts and cucumber and made it an "unwich" which is no bread. It is wrapped in lettuce. I enjoyed it. My husband enjoyed his sandwich too. He got a #9 with hot peppers. 

We liked the music in the store. They were using Pandora.  It was a little loud. We also liked the signs on the wall.  We would try it again.
Ok, well, it's my second time getting lunch here, so I guess I should add it to my Yelp quiver.  I actually enjoyed my lunch here.  The bread is fresh and the sandwich ingredients are fresh too.  That's pretty critical for a sub sandwich.  I had the number 9 Italian Night both times - I'm a sucker for Italian meats.  The sandwich was delivered quickly and the freshness was apparent in the flavor.  My daughter had the number 6 veggie and her boyfriend had the #12 Beach Club.  They both enjoyed their sandwiches.  I'd like to compliment Jimmy John's on the quality of their slicer blades.  It takes a really sharp blade to slice meat so thin you can see through it, and all of the meat and cheese on my sandwich was so thin that if it wasn't stacked, you might think it was just your imagination.  Here are my gripes - the first time I came in here, all of the people behind the counter hollered out greetings - that's nice, but it really startled me.  I'm just not used to people yelling at me and I really wish they would stop doing this.  It does not make me feel any more welcome than if they just smiled and greeted me when we make eye contact.  They didn't yell so loud the second time, maybe they are getting tired of doing that.  kudos for that.  My second gripe is with the menu/ordering system.  Knowing that they slice their meat so thin, and being extra hungry today, I saw that you can get an "Extra load of meat" on your sandwich.  I thought, great, I'll just do that.  So, I order my sandwich and say, please add extra meat.  The cashier says, "What kind of meat do you want extra?, there's ham, capacola, salame or pepperoni".  I said, I dunno, it just says "extra load of meat, so do whatever that means," Thus ensued moments of confusion where the cashier tried to describe all the meats and I finally interrupted her and told her to forget it.  TOO MUCH HASSLE!  I mean, really, I'm not stupid, I've seen the fast-food sub sandwich concept before, you slice up your meats and package all the meats that go on one sandwich into one neat little plastic-wrapped pouch.  Seems to me that extra would mean just toss another pouch of meat on there.  Please, don't over-complicate it by dissecting the pouch into the individual meat - If I wanted that much detail, I'd just make the sandwich myself.  
Anyway, I'm sure they will work out these kinks eventually, and for now, I will go there because, 1. It's close to my office, reasonably priced and not half-bad and 2. Cousin's subs is too far away.
Not impressed, loud atmosphere, bland overpriced sandwiches. 10 employees behind the counter and no clean tables. How many people does it take to make a sandwich? More like the employees are just here to hang out with each other than work.
I was excited to see a sub place that delivered in the area.  We now have another option rather than pizza or chinese food.  And they deliver until 10pm!  They can be fast on delivery, if they know where they are going.   I have waited up to almost an hour before, and we are literally kiddy-corner from the store.  The sandwiches are good and filling but I don't get the hype.  The tuna salad is ok, a little it on the onion-y side.  They don't have but 2 bread options - an 8" white roll or regular thick cut multi-grain bread.  We do order from here about once a week solely based on the convenience of delivery.  Worth a try.
Decent subs, but the ordering system is annoying and the staff is really clueless. This place needs a grown up in the worse way.
 Some thoughts: quit hiding the napkins behind the counter. Label the subs for take out. Put subs in a bag. Take customers name upon order to avoid confusion. Open the line on the left side of the restaurant first instead of bottlenecking customers into the restroom hall. Finally, TURN DOWN THE MUSIC A NOTCH!
I heard a LOT about this place before I tried it, so I was expecting it to be amazing. The sandwiches are good, but nothing special, so not sure what the hype is about. That being said, my favorite thing is that I have stopped in a couple of nights on my way home from school right when they are about to close, and the staff has been very friendly and never rushes me or seems annoyed that I came in so late like a lot of other places. So that gains them an extra star from me!
staff friendly,  overall very clean restaurant, food was fast and great tasting.......Manager  Justin  very upbeat , people person... we will be back !! Thanks
***********Corporate should........ CLOSE THIS LOCATION********

(-) Loud music
(-) Employees act like their in a schoolyard
(-) This location DOESN'T OFFER all sandwich ingredients such as bean sprouts
(-) Want extra vinaigrette on the side ........ they don't have the small plastic cups
 
++++++++Stay away ........... or else ....... enjoy the bad experience++++++++

 I sent an email to Corporate.
***********Corporate Could Care Less ........ They never Responded
I'm dropping my stars because the staff keeps yelling at people when they walk in the door.  I've asked them not to, but they continue.

Please stop.  This is a decent sub shop close to my office, but if you keep yelling at me when I walk in the door, I'll find someplace else to go to.
This review is for the location at 32nd Bell Rd. located by the Starbucks and UPS shipping store. There location is hidden. The restaurant was nice and clean, Staff was polite decided to order number 7, had to pay for extra cheese. Why? Doesn't that come already with a sandwich? Overall I would choose Jersey Mikes any day of the week.
I love Jimmy John's and I respect that they have teens running the store. But sometimes that makes the service worse. 

I travel and pick up sandwhichs on the way to the airport. So I will try again and hope to give a higher score
No stars for this place I had to select one. Make sure you bring your own sweetener and salt as they do not provide condiments of any kind. Tables are filthy, air  conditioning set around 50 degrees and their bread is hard, intentionally.
This is my 2nd time to this location. The 1st time was yesterday and dined in and thought the flavor was good and better than the other sandwich chains. So today I came back to pick up 3 sandwiches for my family. Service was very slow but at least the cashier apologized for my wait. When they called my order I asked for a bag and another employee said " they are right there pointing to the bags on the other side of the counter. The manager was standing right there so I said to him " Oh, you have to bag your own" and he replied "Yeah". 
Now I don't mind bagging my own order but don't be rude and expect your customers to know especially when the bags and napkins are on the other side of the counter. 
Food is good,  value is fair and customer service is below par.
I didn't really enjoy it, actually. It was my first time and they were basically giving me that look like why did I even show up if I didn't know what I was doing. Um, isn't that why you go to new restaurants? He did explain to me what they had and things of that nature but it just was very uncomfortable. The sandwich wasn't as I expected.
Ordered delivery from this location after travelling and not eating. Normally JJ is very fast delivery wise, and it took them about 35 minutes to deliver which is not typical but still not too bad. The driver was nice and we got our food. It was decent, but nowhere near as good as some of the other locations I have eaten at. Still a good quick food option!
I tried the delivery service for the first time. I have never been inside this JJ location, but it's closest to my home so I ordered. My boyfriend made the order, which included a conversation about onions with Alyssa (I believe) that went something like this:

BF: (thinking he's just being funny & she'll understand) Can you make the Country Club extra country? And by extra country, I mean add onions? Haha.
Alyssa: So...you want extra onion?
BF: Oh...does it already come with onion on it?
Alyssa: No.
BF: Ok...well then put onion.
Alyssa: Extra onion?
BF: It doesn't come with onion already?
Alyssa: No.
BF: Ok...then just add onion...regular...not extra.

The $20 delivery of 2 sandwiches, one bag of chips, one cookie, and one drink arrived very promptly. Alyssa was the one who delivered it. BF joked & asked if the sandwich was extra country. She said she didn't know...she didn't make it.

We start eating. I take about 2-3 bites and realize I haven't tasted any onion. I open my sandwich...absolutely no onion. Good thing they had that big convo about it, huh?

I considered calling back to get it fixed but all the employees at Jimmy Johns stores seem to be high school kids that I have absolutely no doubt would spit in my food for complaining, especially 15 minutes prior to closing. I decided to give "Feedback" on the Jimmy Johns website instead. Using my smart phone, I wrote a small description, filled out my address, phone number, etc, etc... and finally hit "Submit". I got a message back that said "Bummer...could not submit. Error 404" or some crap. Bummer? Really??? 

This PLACE is a bummer. And the fact that I will not be eating there anymore...that's a bummer for them. And my sharing a crappy experience here on Yelp...yep...another bummer for them!
The teenagers working here are not capable of handling any complaints. I asked for no onions on an Italian club and instead they put no sauce. I brought it back and all they said is we can pick off the onions for you.. No I don't want you digging through my sandwich with your hands. Just make me a new sandwich how I ordered it. Can't believe how bad their customer service is, the lady behind me ordered a club lulu and they gave her a club tuna and said that's what she ordered. The kids working here need to develop customer service skills or they need a manager here that actually cares about guest concerns. Neither of us got comped anything not even a soda. Instead all we got are eye rolls for something that was their fault. Maybe if they turned down their horrible music they could hear the orders correctly.
Why all the bad reviews? They're fast at making sandwiches and I have never had an issue or a problem. It's a fast food chain. Yes, they yell when you walk in the door. It's called "greeting the customer enthusiastically".  Would you rather they didn't acknowledge you at all and avoid any sort of eye contact, seemingly intent on rushing you through the already expeditious ordering process? Lighten up.
Overall I like JJ's sandwiches.   Tonight I was doing a job at nearby COCOs and wanted to eat while listening to president spew his diatribe. 

I called JJ and ordered a sandwich for pickup. 

When the girl asked "Cash or Credit Card" I replied "Cash" and she promptly hung up on me without saying "good bye" or anything else. 

When I got there they were so messed up that they had to re-enter the order to avoid delivery charges and I still had to wait while the girl made the sandwich. 

She placed it on the counter while I was getting my drink and I had to reach over the counter into the employee area just to get my own napkins. 

This place DOES need some "grown-up" supervision.
My boyfriend and I justoved in down the street and don't have much food in our fridge. We decided to offer some Jimmy John's. They've change their online ordering. But still easy to use. The delivery want as fast as I was expecting from previous experiences. It took nearly 30 minutes. Thats not exactly freaky fast in my book. Thats just a regular delivery time. 
As far as the food good, it was good. I got the beach club and added bacon, which I won't do again. The bacon was way too salty for my liking.
I signed up for Yelp today just to write about this location.  

I have been there twice for lunch.  The music over the tiny space where orders are softly announced is far too loud.  On my 1st visit there were too many people milling around in the kitchen and too many customers huddled up waiting for their orders.  Service was glacial.

You cannot find a napkin or straw in the dining area.  Even if you buy a sandwich and a drink "for here", you would have to initiate the request for a napkin and straw. None were provided on either occasion as if most people never use them. Doesn't take a genius to leave them out on the counter or on the tables. Easy fix, is anyone listening?

I wrote feedback on the corporate website after the 1st visit but encountered a technical error where the message would not transmit.  After the 2nd disappointing visit, I tried the website again and was eventually able to transmit feedback. Have never received any response.

Why did I give them a 2nd chance?  The sandwiches are actually decent. What a shame  I won't be back.
Sandwiches are bland, the bread is like wonder loaf. The service was just awful five guys yelling at each other. Just don't understand the hype.
Overall must say it is good  for fast food-sandwich shop and extremely fast delivery at a price that I can handle. you can't go wrong, who else is going to bring you a spicy Italian cold cut 15 minutes after you get off the phone ordering it
The sandwich overall was not terrible. The bread on the other  hand was doughy and really flavorless. With the sandwich options out there, I think I'll continue going elsewhere.
This place is fantastic!
It took nearly 20 minutes for me to get my sub but overall great food and friendly staff. Ill definitely be back
First time I've been to this location, second time trying Firehouse Subs. The sandwiches are awesomely amazingly deliciously tasty. Then why the 2 stars, you ask? Service. I'm not an impatient person, or one to complain about service, but my experience today just struck a nerve. I know this place hasn't been open long, and they still have kinks to work out, so I will, of course, update this review as seems fit with my next visit.

I placed my order online and it gave me a pickup time of 20 minutes later (1:03pm). I showed up at 1:05pm and was welcomed by all 10+ employees shouting "welcome to Firehouse!" I approached the cashier and was told (by I *think* a manager) it would be another 4-5 minutes. Okay, that's fine. I check out the cool Coke machine and then take a seat right in front of the counter to wait. And wait. And wait. A few other people come in, order their food, receive their food, and leave. I'm still waiting. It's 10 minutes later (1:15pm by then) and I tell the manager (or whatever he was - he seemed to be directing others what to do) that I'm still waiting for my order. He looks over to the 6+ people in the prep area and asks "how is that fax order doing?" One employee says "oh, it's here" and pulls it off the back counter and hands it to him. He gives me the bag and says "here you go." No apology, no thank you, no have-a-good-day, nothing. So in essence, it took 40 minutes from the time I placed my order until I received it. The purpose of ordering online was so that I DIDN'T have to wait.

The problem, I think, is that there are way too many employees standing around all at once. I'm sure they have their reasons, but it just doesn't seem that communication between the 10+ of them is smooth. I sure hope future visits make up for this one.
I'd never heard of this place until I stumbled upon it today. The "established by firefighters" sign tug at my heartstrings, so I had to stop in. It's a few days post the 10th Anniversary of 9/11, after all. 

Everyone who walks through the door is greated by every available employee shouting "Welcome to Firehouse!" And they did a fair job of making it look a bit like a firehouse. There was some (artificial) exposed red brick, a large rescue scene mural, numerous firefighter photos, jackets and pants, etc. It's a brightly decorated in red, white and black and even has dalmation-motif tabletops. (There's also a lone TV for those who care, but the volume was down to nothing.) Outdoor seating with umbrellas and misters is available if you're up for watching Indian School traffic drive by. 

The cashier was quick to educate me they toast only the buns. The meats and cheeses are steamed to 140 degrees to retain the flavor, and I'd have to agree that it did. I had the Italian (Genoa, pepperoni, salami, provolone and Italian dressing. It's served "fully involved" meaning with lettuce and tomato. It was good with the dressing a bit on the sweet side. There are numerous hot and cold subs from which to choose, as well salads, cookies and brownies. Of course the menu wouldn't be complete without their "Firehouse Chili". Be sure to check out their abundant supply of hot sauces, if you can take the heat! 

The place was clean and the staff friendly. While I understand they've been open just four days, the service was a little slow. There was just one customer ahead of me, yet I still had to wait several minutes. I hope once they work some minor kinks out that the speed of service increases and it'll be a nice place to grab a bite.
Tried the online ordering again and this time it was perfect. When I arrived to pick up my tasty goodness, there was a City of Phoenix Ford Eco van loading up with people, so I was skeptical that my order would be ready, them having just made a bunch of meals for these people. Plus the tables inside were quite full. But to my pleasant surprise, my sammiches were ready! Hooray! I paid online, and forgot about my punch card, and they didn't mention it, so I was a little sad. But that was my fault I guess.

I don't think I mentioned it in my other review, but their-brand hot sauce is amazing on any sub I've tried. I'm also determined to try as many flavors as I can from the cool Coke machine. So far Cherry Coke Zero and Fanta Zero Orange have my approval. :)
I really really wanted to give this place a higher star due to the "established by firefighters" idea, but I think after it has been opened for a few weeks, the kinks that the other reviewers have mentioned should have thus been addressed and ironed out by now.  
 
These small franchise businesses must up their game in service and quality if they want to survive in this down economy;  there is no excuses for below average customer service especially for a brand new food joint trying to BUILD business.  
  
I purposely timed my visit to go after the dinner rush, ample time before closing time.  Before I ordered online, I had driven past the food joint and looked in to make sure that there were no lines or customers waiting, as the common complaint was the long wait time for the sandwiches to be made.  
 
Well, despite my on-line order and the payment made online via credit card (there was no option to pay at pick up if you order online), when I arrived punctually at the designated time for pick up, the workers looked confused at the confirmation number I handed to them for pick up.  Then, they said:  do you want to pay here at the register;  um, look at the receipt, it said credit card payment made online.  Then, someone notified the kid who appeared to be the night manager was notified that the online order was "missed"  but he didn't even come out to say anything;   he just sat counting bills from the cash register.  
 
I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Mind you, there were no customers in line ahead or behind me in the whole joint.  After 15 minutes, the sandwich was finally ready.  And the kid making the sandwich said, "oh, you want it for carryout?  Really?  But I already made it for eat in, darn" and then he wrapped the sub in paper.  
 
Hello, are you serious?!  Then one worker said:  "sorry, we didn't check the fax machine for orders".  Ok, then, don't have On-line orders;  defeats the purpose, doesn't it?
   
Food:  And the sub, the "hot" Italian was supposed to be steamed and warm;  um, it was sickly lukewarm.  And tasted like the Italian COLD CUT sandwich from Subway.  Yah, it was THAT cold.  The cheese was barely visible as it obviously was so thin it evaporated away.  The only thing I liked about my  Cold-Cut-Supposedly-Hot-Italian Sub was the french bread---The ones at Subway have a weird aftertaste.    
 
I was confused, what sub place did the others eat at????
 
Sorry, if I'm going to shell out 12 bucks for a sub, chips and drink, I'm going to a deli or to a Subway, where at least I can get a GIANT sub for that price.

While I love FireFighters, my support is going to go via direct donations;  Firefighters are all about quality and service.  
This place doesn't do our heroes justice. 
 
You are better off going to your local Subway for a Cheap no frills sandwich.
Hey, did you know this place was started by firemen? Well, if you didn't, you're an idiot, because it's plastered all over nearly everything.

My sandwich was decent. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good. Before I went, I wondered what their gimmick would be. Besides the firefighter thing, I mean. It turns out their gimmick is steaming their sandwich meat.

Now, I'm no expert, but in my experience with culinary parlance, "steaming" ranks somewhere below "slow-roasted", "braised", or "thinly-sliced" and somewhere slightly above "microwaved". I'm open-minded, though. I'd try this uniquely steamed meat. It turns out, I COULD tell the difference. The difference was the meat was warm and wet, almost like it had absorbed a bunch of vaporized air.

What makes Firehouse Subs stand out is their bread, which was really, really good. It was better than Jimmy John's bread, in fact. But between the steaming, the onslaught of fire-fighting paraphernalia, the longer wait, and the higher cost at Firehouse Subs, I'll take Jimmy John's every time. And it's only slightly farther away. I'm down with supporting heroes, but I'd also like to eat reasonably-priced, un-steamed sandwiches on occasion.
A friend cut our lunch plans as soon as he saw Firehouse on the side of the road.  He said "You gotta try this place."  I went in and had him order for me and it was true.

The pulled pork sandwich was amazing!  Simple, but great!  So if you don't like sub sandwiches and think Firehouse is just another Subway or a Quiznos.......it isn't.  Firehouse is much better!

I have only gotten the pulled pork sandwich, but that is all I want.  Firehouse, also has those 30 different hot sauces, which I love to use to spice things up.
I'm not a huge fan of all these sandwich shops popping up on every corner, but Firehouse is doing something right, because I haven't had such a good hot sandwich in a long time. They also have the best sweet pepper hot sauce of all time.
Ah, Firehouse...I forgot how good you were. I'd not visited you since I lived in Charlotte. 

This location is on Indian School near the Sprout's -- I stopped here for take-out one night after grocery shopping when I didn't want to cook when I got home. The employees were helpful and there's plenty of seating. 

Every sub I've had here is good. Skip Subway and come here.
Not bad, probably worth a good 3.5 stars. The food is decent but the awesome soda machine, hot sauce bar, cleanliness, and friendly staff bump it up to a possible four for me. I assume they steam their meats, which turned out to be okay on the Steamer and the Italian, but on a cold turkey sub it turns the meat into this canned cat food like consistency. To me, it looked nasty but both my kids seemed to scarf it down without complaint. The steaming of the meat itself tends to make the bread soggier by the minute, so I recommend that you eat fast. I like the concept and the restaurant is nice - but I recommend working on the employee to employee communication just a tad more. I ordered a sandwich with just turkey and lettuce for my kid and ended up with mayo and tomatoes on it as well. The guy ahead of me said no mayo and ended up with mayo on his sub too. WTF.
I tried this place for the first time tonight.  Ordered online, which was simple and had multiple options to customize the sandwich.  The service was less than stellar.  I was greeted when I walked in, stood at the ordered online register to finally have someone ask if I was Lisa and just stand in front of me with a bag.  I had to ask for a cup and if I could pick out my chips.  The sub was pretty good, Italian sub, flavorful and tasty.  Despite the service I will visit again.
So I was looking for a SUB on a Saturday for lunch, and I remember seeing Firehouse Subs because it was by the Sprouts grocery store that I go to. 

I went to the website, and I decided to order online. I am glad I did because for some reason the Subs take  about 12-15 min to make. I understand they steam the meat, but still.  I thought that the online ordering process was a pretty cool feature. It had a lot of options to customize my sandwich. It definitely got me ready to have a SUB feast at Firehouse.

After checking out and spending almost $13 for a Large  (Steamer) SUB, and a sandwich plus a cookie. I was finally ready to pick up my order.  I decided to dine in to get the full experience. My order was ready when I got there, I got my soda, and used the Soda fountain to customize my soda which was cool. 

The SUB was mediocre at best. Imagine a sub like Quiznos or Subway, but they "steam the meat."  That does not necessarily make it better though. They steam the meat so much that the meat was actually soggy, and the bread was meh. The cookie was a basic cookie, nothing special. The best part of the meal was actually the soda.

I would not recommend this place unless you want to pay high prices for a typical non gourmet franchise SUB.  The place looks and feels like Quiznos on roids, and with 5 people behind the counter it shouldn't take this long to make a SUB on average. I think that if you compare this to other sub franchises that it has an edge with all the cool hot sauces to choose from, and the Soda fountain that is not like anything else I have seen in a store like this, but the prices, wait times,  and mediocre SUBS hold this place back.
I simply don't understand some of these reviews below. People are knocking the place because they steam their meat instead roasting/braising it? C'mon. So you can't handle something different or what?

So for this review, I'm comparing it to Subway and Quiznos.

First off, Subway and Quiznos build the sub right there in front of you. At Firehouse, this is not so much the case - you order at the register and then the workers prepare it. For this reason, your sub will take slightly longer to make than either of those places and this is mainly because of how they cook the meat.

Now to the complainers saying that the meat is soggy or whatever, I've never had this experience. And, besides that, not all subs are cooked the same at Firehouse. Maybe before discarding the place, try more of the menu? That is just me though! I've tried many of the subs - Firehouse Meatball, New York Steamer, Italian, Club on a Sub, and the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket. My favorites, in order, are Italian, Steamer, and Beef & Cheddar. On a slightly odd note, the Italian makes *great* leftovers if you can't finish it.

Nobody really seems to have mentioned this... but the soda machine is freaking awesome. I don't know how many flavors it has, but it is pretty much the craziest thing you will ever see. It has a touch screen where you scroll through and select your flavor. And when I say select your flavor I mean if you want a Lemonade.... do you want it to be lemonade, raspberry lemonade, lime lemonade, or strawberry lemonade. It is nearly the same for every beverage selection you make.

I definitely prefer Firehouse over Subway or Quiznos. Sure, they may be a little more pricey, but I still like it. I will have to check out Jimmy John's, which everyone seems to rave about to see what all the fuss is about and round out my review for all 4 places.
have had a hard time deciding between 3-4. had the large smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket. It was about $8. had good flavor and a nice sauce to it. They have over 50 different hot sauces to pick from and have labeled them with useful "heat index" and I tried one which was great. I got my food to go, but I would go back just to write down the name of the sauce. I would again place the order to go, because this place is that its about as easy on the eyes as a spinning bulls eye. Get ready to be slapped in the face with their slogan "Founded by Fireman" before you step through the door. My initial impression is that the place relies so heavily on America's love for Firemen (i.g., a slogan with no relation to food) that it completely distracts from the food. I love Fireman, but there is no subtle or clever references to the theme. Instead it's a garish commercial display that robs the restaurant of any authenticity. 

That being said, the food was still good. I would go back, but i'm not itching for it. Seems pretty on par with Jimmy Johns.
With Mr. Goodcents, Blimpee, and Jersey Mikes don't waste your time with Firehouse.  The atmosphere is a bit much and I didnt think the subs were anything to  return too. 

The store was clean and the employees pretty nice, but the subs just not there for me.
I rolled in here early on Saturday to grab a sandwich for lunch.  Almost before the door had closed behind me, the employees behind the counter were shouting at me - damn!  shades of Jimmy Johns and I was damn near ready to turn around and walk back out.  Get a clue, people.  Greeting customers should not freak them out.  When you yell at people, it freaks them out.  

So, I'm already jumpy and I just want to look at the menu, and the guy behind the counter starts drilliing me with questions - you ever been here before?  you know what a sub is?  Hey.  REALLY.  I just want to read the menu in peace, but no, he's got my attention now, so I let him rip.  The guy spends the next five minutes describing practically everything on the menu, down to the minute ingredients and how they are prepared so special and different and that is what makes the Firehouse so great - it's different!  Ok, so I wander over to the cash register because really, I'm in a freaking hurry and I don't need the entire history and reason for being for Firehouse.  Don't get me wrong, he was a nice guy, just trying to do a good job and I appreciate that.  If I could say anything to help, maybe it's be a little more sensitive to your customers that just want to get some food and get out of there.  I wasn't in for the three-hour tour, I had to hit the road.  Anyway, I got to the register, while counter-guy is still talking and I order my sandwich.  The number 4 italian on white, no dressing, extra mayo, and I sprung for the large size.  It took another ten minutes or so for him to produce the sandwich, meanwhile, he whittled away the time describing the unique and different flavors of the fifty or so hot-sauce bottles on the counter, not that I was interested, but just to make sure I was aware.  As we got closer to sandwich delivery time, he made sure to re-read my order and wait for me to confirm it - I'm thinking, "what, you gonna start over or something?"  OY, please, enough already.

So, he bags the sandwich, gets me some napkins and I escape before he could describe how they designed the place or what the ratio of water to soda in the pop machine was.  I hit the road, I've got a road-trip in mind. Eventually, I have to eat this sandwich.  I'm hungry.  I open it and it kinda falls apart all over the place.  It's a hot mess.  I wrap it up in the wrapper as best I can and start noshing.  The bread is great, it's got a slightly sesame flavor which really helps.  The downside is though, that a sandwich made with italian meats - Salami and Pepperoni and ham should have a bit of a kick to it.  This was like eating a glazed-donut sandwich.   The ham was honey-ham and in relation to the salami and pepperoni was way overboard.  To the point of it being a ham sandwich.  A sweet ham sandwich.  When I wanted a spicy italian sandwich.

the sandwich was good, don't get me wrong, but not what I expected.  Given that, I won't be going back for another try unless they tell me they change the sandwich makeup and actually add enough pepperoni and Salami to at least compete with the flavor of the ham.  Oh, and use anything but honey ham.
I want to like this place, I really do, but today's New York Steamer was probably a Top 10 disappointing sandwich of my life. Soggy, lifeless, unimaginative, and overpriced. 

I'd been to Firehouse one previous time, and the meatball was better. Far from spectacular, but much more satisfying than the corned beef/pastrami number I ordered during Visit #2. It was steamed meat, cheese and mayo on an old-tasting white hoagie. No veggies, no color, no texture, no good.

The Firehouse concept and story are cool. The employees are nice. The fountain drink vending machine is second to none. And I enjoy being able to watch college hoops while my sandwich gets steamed to death. But these pros cannot save an underwhelming experience that cost me $9. Subway's $5 Cold Cut Combo would have been a better investment.
Really good sub and not bad on price.  So far, I like this place more than Jersey Mike and Jimmy Johns, the sandwich was good, lightly toasted, soft bread and yummy.  

I'll be back soon...
I love Firehouse Subs. I am extremely glad that they are finally in the Phoenix area after discovering them back east several years ago. I always get the Chicken Salad sub but have heard great things about all their sandwiches. I hear their Meatball Sub is the best. I also like that they help non profit's and give back monetary donations to the community. Gotta love that!
I had no idea Yelp was full of such Sub Aficionados but I was not disappointed with Firehouse. I didn't even know about the steaming versus whatever debate but my sandwich (The Engineer) came with piping hot meat, gooey cheese, crunchy, delightful toppings, all on a delicious toasty roll. It was glorious.

The sandwich actually reminded me of  the Chicken Cordon Blue I used to get at a sub place called Penn Station in Ohio. Man, I loved that sandwich, but Firehouse is a good substitute. Now all I need is Skyline and White Castle and I won't even need to go home anymore!
I would say that Firehouse Subs is not bad... And perhaps my experience wasn't the greatest as I took my sub to go.

This was my first time going. I had a free coupon and it's right next to my office, so decided to give them a try. 

The employees were all pretty nice and greeted me/helped me. I saw one helping another girl to her car with a big bag of food. If it weren't for their great customer service I think I'd have rated them lower than 3 stars.

Their sub was soggy at best. Of course, I did take my order to go but since I work within 5 mins of there, it only took me upmost of 10 mins until I had the sub open. They stressed when I was there how their subs don't get soggy - but this was probably one of the soggiest subs I've ever eaten. You can ask for your sub cold, but they will automatically heat it for you if you don't tell them.

Overall, I don't think I will proactively go back. If someone else in my office goes, I may order something as it wasn't bad... but I didn't *love* it.
In a rush to get lunch and I see a sign for a King's Hawaiian smoked pulled pork, pepper jack cheese, and Hawaiian cole slaw sandwich . Quite simply the best  fast food sandwich I ever tasted. It oozes with flavors and that bread puts all others to shame. I can't wait to go back and although it will be tough to not have the King's Hawaiian, I am looking forward to trying their other items.
Stopped in today for my first visit, and I have to say I was impressed with the food.  Also, they have a selection of about 30 different hot sauces that are rated on a 1 - 10 scale for hotness.  I love hot sauce, so hot sauce selection alone warrants a good review from me.  

Most of the subs are hot, which wasn't what I was expecting, but it turned out to be fine because they were DELICIOUS.  I had the Italian and the wife had a Turkey, Bacon Avocado.  Both were great and came with a pickle spear (another plus).   The place was clean and well decorated with the fireman related theme.  

The only thing that keeps me from leaving a five star review was the aloof employees.  It wasn't busy, and they made my sandwiches in a timely manner (which takes slightly longer than your average Subway experience), but the 3 employees that were there were clearly bored and were having a somewhat inappropriate conversation as if I was not  there.  Nothing offensive, just not professional.  

I will be back.  The two DELICIOUS eight inch subs were about $6 each after tax.  

Very worth it for the quality of ingredients.
What great hot subs! The barbecue sauce they make is fantastic and oh how I love all the hot sauces they have!!
For a chain style Sub place its quite good.  food seems fresh has good flavors and service is very friendly and prompt.  Seems to be a lot of competition in the sub sandwich business but they hold there own quite well with other chains.
This place is amazing! Compared to Subway, there is no comparison! You just have to try it, and you will never want to eat at subway again!
Excellent, tasty subs and very friendly service. We'll definitely be back.
Stopped by today at reques of daughter. Was pleasantly surprised with every aspect of place. Soda machine awesome, choices galore. Turkey sandwich was a bit soggy but the meat and cheddar was perfect. Will try again only different location.
First time I went in for a to go order, they gave me the wrong sandwich. I called to let the manager know and he offered me a free sandwich. Went back the other day and got the Brisket and cheddar with Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce (my personal choice at home) OMG it was amazing. The meat was so flavorful and tender, the sauce didn't cover it up at all. Beautiful foodie experience
Husband and I checked out Firehouse Subs last night. I had read the reviews before we went and wasn't sure what to expect. But I have to say was very pleased with our visit. I had the Steamer sandwich and it was DELICIOUS!!!  The pastrami was very moist and the bread was very fresh. We will be returning for sure. The staff was very friendly and explained how the sandwiches are made.
I decided to give this place another chance one night when I was too tired/too lazy to go to a sit down restaurant.  I decided to forgo the computer call in order based on the lousy first experience and went up to the counter.  I figured I would cut them slack as I was with my sig. other. 
 
I'm going to sound racist, but you will understand why it is important for me to distinguish the servers this way, (because I did not get their names) but the reality is, they provided great service and made really good sandwiches that night.
 
Two young kids were working the night shift.  There were no other customers in the shop at 8 p.m, but me and my buddy.  I looked around expecting the two kids to be clueless, lazy or uninterested. 
Quite the contrary, the young African American girl who took my order was pleasant and sweet, and the young Asian American guy was friendly, energetic,  and tossed together an amazing Toasted Italian Sub and my sig other's warm Italian meat ball sub.  They were both hot and delicious.  The sandwiches, that is...
The two kids were sweet, friendly, energetic, and worked hard even though they did not have to. I was pleased to see ethnic diversity.  
good kids.  
good sandwiches.  
Customer service can make all the difference, right, Boss owner...
 
I will be back again and changed my review to reflect this.  I'm a fair person and I believe in Karma.
WoW, this place is so Yummy! I had the smoked BBQ Brisket n chedda. It was absoloutly delish! Brisket was tender juicy and sliced thin, sweet baby rays BBQ sauce and melted chedda cheese made for a wonderful experience. So worth the drive from wherever you are. I can't wait to go back!
I used to eat at this place all the time when I lived in Florida. When I came across this place I had to hit it up. I loved it so much I went back three more times while I was in town. Check it out. you won't be upset.
Mike C. joined me to whip into this place and try it today.  OMG what a great sandwich!  I went with a make-it-a-large Pastrami.  It was about a foot long & came loaded with pastrami, mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion & a dill spear on the side, on a very fresh, delicious honey wheat roll.

The staff was friendly, the place completely comfortable and I have just never had a better pastrami!  It was priced right too at $7.89 and I can't wait to return to a Firehouse & start biting my way through the rest of the subs on their menu.  It was special!     :-))
well this was my first trip to a firehouse subs and I was here with Rand H (another newbie to firehouse subs} well the sandwich I had was the BBQ brisket and cheddar and it was an easy 5 star sandwich. The service is also very friendly . I counted ten of them in this location and only about 8 customers.when we were there i read and took a menu with me because they have lots of great sandwiches I would like to try on return visits and yes I will return. Firehouse subs is in my books , the best subs.
Having served in the fire service for 15+ years this brand brings back memories.  It's always neat to see the pictures that each location as they are almost from the area local to the location.  The food has also always been good

My problem with this location was the fact that the staff seem very OK. with the customer with the young bird on their finger.  They had no problem that it was at the cash register as well as at the drink station.  I have no idea what type of bird it was, as it was chirping and still very young.  Therefore it was not a "service animal".  That and the fact that the State of AZ just passed legislation to mirror the ADA that BIRDS are NOT recognized service animals and therefore NOT PERMITTED in public venues.  The owners of the bird seemed to enjoy the fact they were getting away with having their bird in a restaurant.  Myself, I guess I signed up for their newsletter to soon.

What will be interesting is, even though Yelp discourages the solicitation of reviews, and Firehouse Subs asks for them, I wonder if they'll reply to this review?
I've been waiting to update my review of this location as to the owner sending me message about my experiance.  Sadly I was forced to repeat myself as to the day, date and time of my experiance.  As all the information was available already, I do not feel that it was necessary to ask for it again.  It was also stated that the owner and fanchisee was not present as they.

So I replied with a lenghty responce as to what had happend and provided details that I was unaware of at the time of my review.  You see the counter was to my back.  I did look over my shoulder and saw the bird, so I know it was there, I also heard it.  What I didn't know until I spoke to my wife was that the bird was sat on the counter at the cash register................................ Can you belive that, a live animal on a food service counter, NO WAY, but yep it happened.    Anyway, I sent a reply to clear up my review had caused and included my phone number with a request that I be called.

Nothing, nada, zilch, nyet...........  Guess making contact with the customer to ensure that there will never be a repeat of this type of incident is out of the question, guess corporate H.Q. needs to be notified.

Wanna quess where my next e-mail will go?
First time here.  I wanted to see how much different THIS sub place could be compared to all the others out there.  Um, yeah, IT WAS FREAKING AWESOME.  I split the large Italian with the man.  The meats just tasted so fresh and not too salty like some other places, and the melty cheese, toppings and sauce just made it sooooooo good.  It for sure did not taste like a fast food sandwich to me at all.  My new favorite sub place by FAR.
Great food. Friendly staff. Clean restaurant. Will be back.
The laundromat is next door to Firehouse Subs. It was around 109 degrees today. So we put our clothes into the washers and go outside to have a smoke. There are maybe ten empty tables out front of the sub place, we sit at the end table.  As we sit we talk about if we want to go in and grab something to eat now or wait until after the clothes are done. When a worker comes up and asks if we've been helped yet. My sister says "No" then the worker says "Really??? So what you're just going to sit there and not order anything!?" then mutters "F***ing A**HOLES" Great customer service. Now we *are* never going order anything. All it would have took was a "can I get you a menu" or "can I help" or "just go in when you're ready" but no your worker was a total jerk. I mean I get it, there are almost always homeless people around there or at the least sort of shady looking people hanging around, you don't want loiterers hanging around making a mess and taking up customer seats. But it was 109, no one is waiting to eat outside... in fact there were only two people inside, hardly a rush. You would have had four more customers today if you had any sense of customer service. Now you've lost four, and our friends and family, and got this review. I can't say what the food was like since I never made it inside and have zero plans to ever go back.

EDIT- I am willing to upgrade my rating to 3 stars from the 1 star I initially gave it. The owner replied to my rating which goes a long way toward mending my opinions of the staff. Maybe one day I will get to try the food and edit my ratings further.
Firehouse Subs is a relatively new place here in the Valley and they offer up a tasty, toasted version of a tired old lunch staple.  

I was driving aimlessly south into Phoenix with a vague recollection that there was a Firehouse Subs nearby. I almost gave up when I saw the Chicago Hamburger sign, but it was only a little further along Indian School. I actually nearly drove past it, before turning into the strip mall at the last second.  I found a parking space in front, and the place wasn't too crowded for one o'clock. 

As I said in my Tip, these folks are over the top friendly, but in good way. They greeted me warmly as I came in, asked if I had ever been here before and offered up that their #1, #4 and #5 Subs were their most popular sandwiches.  Nice!

I took a few moments to study the board before ordering the New York Steamer. It's a nice combination of Corned Beef, Pastrami and melted Provolone. They then asked if I wanted the usual of mustard, mayo and Italian Dressing on it? Say what? 

Mayo I thought?  I haven't heard of mayo on a pastrami & corned beef sandwich since Woody Allen accused Diane Keaton of doing that in "Annie Hall" LOL

You should know, that almost all of Firehouse's medium subs are $5.89. They advertise that for $2.00 more, you can get the large. So, a large it was and I asked them to hold the mayo & dressing. 

I've taken a few pictures of the inside of the restaurant and of my sandwich. It was very large, probably a foot or so long. It was also very good, but too much to finish. I wrapped the other half for home and was told later by one of my homebodies, that it was really very good. LOL. Clearly, I'll need to start marking my food in the frig. 

Besides what I ordered, Firehouse also has something called the "Hook & Ladder" it's a sub of Smoked Turkey & Virginia Ham with Provolone; a Firehouse Meatball; an Italian with salami, pepperoni, ham with melted provolone; a Club; a Turkey Bacon Ranch; and a Firehouse Steak & Cheese. They also have two Premium Subs on the menu: the Firehouse "Hero", with roast beef, smoked turkey breast Virginia ham and provolone; or, the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket for $6.19 each. 

My large #3 NY Steamer, with mustard only, came to $7.89, plus $0.66 in taxes for Gov Brewer. BTW, I cannot wait for the State to rollback those temporary sales tax increases can you?  LOL

Enjoy!
Way better than Subway or Blimpe. Best meatball sub I've ever had. Affordable too
Had a firehouse hero sandwich and it was quite delicious.  It was a very flavorful sandwich, the prices were reasonable, and the people there are friendly.
Tried this place for the first time today.  Had the Italian.  It was absolutely delicious!  

The staff here was very friendly and the facility was very clean.  I will definitely be returning here often!
I have visited this eatery a few times now and I like it. The subs are tasty and huge. Definitely a meal you could share if you like to. There is always a ton of meat, which can be a little too much for me but that's probably the best part for most. Ingredients are generally fresh tasting but nothing that knocks my socks off. Would love to see a few more fresh ingredients and maybe some more salad options. But then again it is a sub shop.
As good as it gets! AMAZING service. You've earned these five stars.
Miserable experience on 10/17/2013.  I specifically asked that a certain sandwich not contain any garnish:  nothing.  I just wanted the turkey, bacon, bread and you're done.  Prior to finalizing the transaction, the guy that took my order would say something like, "so no mayo?"  and I'd be like NOTHING other than what's listed on the board minus the dressing.  I don't want anything.  Then the sandwich preparer person, a female, barks that the sandwich also comes with onions.  And I'm like uh, I don't want ANYTHING on the sandwich.  I got home and it was loaded with tomatoes and onions.  I started picking them off but the sandwich stunk of onions so I said screw it, I want my damn money back.  So I drove back and asked for the manager and I told him how I thought this experience was a sick joke since I specifically told his subordinates that I wanted basically a plain sandwich and that I just wanted my money back.  He said that they could fix it and I said no.  That I would not allow them to fix it and that I just wanted my money back.  So this white older gentleman who was listening in to all of this whom presumably owned the place as he was coming and going as he pleased into the back of the restaurant comes out and hands me a $10 and says "here, happy now?" and I'm like "I don't want your money.  I am not owed a ten.  Your staff made an error and I just want my refund back."  He proceeds to tell me that when I was there earlier that he listened to me making my request that I wanted the sandwich to be plain and that he hoped that his staff got it right.  So I tell him that then he should be a little bit more sympathetic for my frustration as I had to come back from my home, almost getting rear-ended in the process and now I'm having to deal with this.  He seemed  more agitated with me than with the fact that his staff couldn't get a simple order right.  When he came over to give me his personal $10 bill, he walked over to where I was and was right in front of my chest in a confrontational manner.  What a great example you set for your staff sir.  Way to salvage a customer from this bad experience.  I will never return nor will I ever recommend this place to any one else because of this incident.  Besides, I never really cared for their food and only frequented it because of its convenience.  Jersey Mike's kick their booty anyway but they are too far away.
Food...pretty good for fast food subs.

Ambiance....interesting decorations and enough elbow room.

Staff...ok, I guess.

Verdict...it's a little pricey for what you get but if you're in the mood for a good tasting sub you wont go wrong here.
This particular experience is a 5 star experience. This was my first time ever eating at Firehouse Subs. The people were extremely polite, the food came out fast, the Italian sub my girlfriend got was delicious (I had a bite) and my meatball sub was phenomenal. The soda machine was a super nice addition, the restaurant was clean and well kept. Our food was brought to us and the girl came and took our trays and trash from me before I had a chance to get up. Ill definitely be back!
If I could I would give this a 4.75 or something, but yelp doesn't believe in decimals! Firehouse subs is certainly my new sub stop. They give you less options than other sub places (white or wheat bread--that's it!) and you don't really stand at the counter picking toppings.

But the subs! The subs are so good! The Italian is especially spectacular. The veggie sandwich is also awesome with mushrooms and melted provolone cheese. They steam the subs to warm them up, which makes the bread a little bit fragile, but still good. 

Oh and besides that, hearing them all yell "welcome to firehouse" when you walk in is the best!
Great sandwiches as always. My favorite is the New York Steamer. Best Pastrami anywhere, for sure. Someone please open one of these in Flagstaff, we could certainly use one!
The sandwiches were tasty and the service was really nice.
My fav.
I have no had Firehouse three times in three weeks.  I can easily say that this is my new favorite place to get a sub.  Gone are the days of cold subs and bring in the hot subs. The best one I've had (so far) is the cheddar and brisket sub.  Mouth watering and though it's 8:30AM, I could eat one right now.  

The service is great and they are always there to answer any question you have.

Can't wait for the next trip!
I had my first taste of Firehouse Subs today and decided to go with the Beef & Cheddar eight inch sandwich with a large Diet Dr. Pepper from their fabulous soda machine. That machine kind of reminds me of Rodney Dangerfield's character in the Caddyshack where he had that golf bag that played music, so versatile just like the soda machine delivering many different types of sodas. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3A9rLoz_0o

The Beef and Cheddar sandwich comes with bbq sauce and mayo. I got it without the mayo and it tasted fabulous. The only problem was that I felt a little hungry after eating it. So there's the rub, an excellent tasting meal with just a little bit of meat. Five stars for taste but one star for not putting out my 5 alarm hunger pangs.
Love firehouse Subs! Been going there since there grand opening! Went yesterday to get my Free Birthday sub! Had the new Sweet Thai chili pork Sub, a new favorite of mine. Jenifer made my sub with sauce on the side, for the reason in the past when I had it to go and got home the sauce was all on the outside and made bread soggy. Thanks Jenifer for a perfect meal on the go! And your sweet smile and great attitude while working!!! :-)
I personally love firehouse I believe it to be one of the better sand which chains in the market. The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket is like no other. I'm always satisfied
The staff is friendly and the subs are so good.  They have the Hawaiian pork sandwich back and it is amazing.  I also love the theme - very well done.
Firehouse Serves up good subs and salads.


First, I have to say the service at Firehouse Subs is great!  The staff welcomes you when you walk through the door.  On my first visit to Firehouse Subs (some time ago).  Upon arriving we were met by an employee handing out menus.  My co-worker and I were asked if it  was our first visit to Firehouse Subs and we said yes. The emoloyee went over the menu and recommended we try the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket.  The sub was delicious.  After leaving we couldn't stop talking about how good the sub was. In fact we went right back to firehouse subs a few days later. 

So if your hungry for a good sub at a great price, head over to firehouse.
The Valley's newest Jason's deli is nice.  Great location.
Stopped in today and had a killer Reuben!

Love this spot!  Glad the SW side has one now!
My family are all Jason Deli lovers. We were so excited to see this in our neighborhood. However, I won't be going there again for at least 3 mos. You would think that with all the other locations they would bring in a staff that knows what they are doing. Or have a soft opening?? The girl behind the counter was lost and had to ask someone else how to do everything, we ordered and paid. (finally) Our ticket said 2:56 PM as the time of payment. We were in a hurry and at 3:17 I went to the counter to find out if we could speed things up. Of course no one would acknowledge me. My son had to get to work and we were getting frustrated. He got a manager and in about 5 more minutes we got our food. I had caesar salad the dressing was the best I've ever had. My son had a corned beef sandwich. It was kind of dry. He picked all the meat off and ate bread and chips. I am sure in a couple of months it will be good like the others. But why start so bad? Oh and the manager was snapping his fingers at the bus guy. That was horribly offensive. Although the busser ignored him and we did get a chuckle from that.
It's Open!!!

So I've been a frequent visitor of Jason's Deli over the years. I love the salad bar, the soups, the loaded potatoes and the chicken salad! This location is very clean, has plenty of seating and is environmentally pleasing to the eye.

Hubby and I went for a late lunch (3p) and there was a small line. I loved that at this location there is a self-serve kiosk if all you want is the salad bar which we decided to use. 

The staff was very friendly and consistently asked how we were doing. 

The salad bar here is just like at other locations. Of course, don't forget the free self serve ice cream but make sure you watch your kids! I witnessed a woman who was still ordering did not notice her kids sneaking over to the ice cream machine. Hahaha!
2 stars for customer service, but the food was good so bumping them up to 3 stars... 

I had been waiting for this location to open for a while, as I work fairly close to it and we are always on the lookout for new places to get lunch. I needed to run an errand on my lunch break recently, so I called in an order to go for myself and a coworker. 

My first impression upon arriving was that the management didn't care enough about the customers waiting to order or pay. I called in my order to try to save myself some time... When it was my turn to pay, the cashier was being spoken to by both district manager and the store manager (I could tell their position by their name badges) which is fine, the place had just recently opened and it's likely there was still training occurring.

What was not fine in my opinion was that after another employee asked me if I had been helped, he tried to get the cashier to ring me up. BOTH of the managers looked over to the register, saw me waiting as well as multiple others behind me, and decided to continue their conversation with the cashier. When they finished talking, all three walked over to the register and made eye contact with me, but only the cashier apologized for the wait. 

Thankfully my food was ready by the time I was rang up so I didn't have to wait any longer. The food itself was good, I had the Club Royale which had a lot of meat which is nice, some places skimp.  would have preferred a fruit cup rather then cups for a side but the additional cost for the healthier option was a little ridiculous. 

I don't see myself going back for another try for a while, hopefully another month or two the staff of Jason's Deli will get their system figured out and hopefully management will realize the importance of respecting their customer's time.
The employees are always helpful and most of the food I have tried has been pretty good.  The Spud Au Broc is so delicious.  The potatoes are huge and are definitely a good size to share.  I am also always a fan of great salad bar and for the price, it's pretty good.  Throw in ice cream cones at the end and I am a fan.
GF and I tried today at lunch. As expected a nice, clean store. 

GF went with the salad bar (i think it was $7.50 ) , I went with the New York Yankee - Hot Corned Beef and Pastrami, Swiss, your choice of mustard or mayo ( mayo with CB and Pastrami ... really ? ) on Rye ( $8 ) 

I was a little ticked - I initially wanted a deli Club but i was told they ran out of bacon - on a Saturday during lunch hour ?!?! So i asked the cashier, if i get it do you give me a reduced rate since there's no bacon , big surprise, the answer, " No ! " 

I then start to pay the tab ( $21 - included 2 drinks ) with a $100. the cashier says, " I don't have change for that . " Holy Shit Batman, here's an idea , go get some frickin' change Elroy ! So i paid with a debit card. 

The food - the sammie - nice portion of meat, decent flavor but dang, they must store the meat in a vat of juice because the one side of the sammie was soaked - overall, it was good but drain the meat a little or maybe put it on a grill for a few minutes. I went with the hot mustard but they didn't come close to put enough on to add to the flavor. 

The salad bar is good - nice selection of items, includes some love muffins, a few dessert items and some soft serve ice cream 

Of course as we left, ? Goofball cashier yells out, please come back sir i'm sure we'll have bacon for you....smart ass !
Disappointing.... been waiting for this place to open since I first saw the sign in the window and I've heard good reviews from friends who have gone to other Jason's Deli's. So today my sister and I decided to try it out.

First impression is this place is nice and clean with a decent size menu. We both decide to go with the manager's special which is half a sandwich with either a cup of soup OR a cup of fruit with chips and a pickle. I emphasize the "OR" because when we get to ordering and my sister tells the girl behind the counter that she would like fruit she tells us that its $2 extra. We point out that the "special" is either or and she continues to argue that we would still have to be charged extra...OK...fine...whatever, can we just get the rest of our order in???? Then she asked what kind of soup she would like and again we try to tell her that she doesn't want soup, she wants the fruit instead. Again, the girl tells us that no matter what it comes with soup and the fruit is still extra. On to my order, again I order the "special" with a Ruben and not wanting to stand there for another 5 minutes arguing I just order a cup of soup. She then asked me if I wanted rye bread, sour kraut and Russian dressing, at this point I'm thinking "isn't that what makes a Ruben??" Instead I smile and just say yes. She then informs me that it would be extra....WHAT?!? She asked if I wanted the chips and pickle to which I said yes. OK that's two strikes which I chalk up to it being newly opened and working out the kinks.

So we grab our drinks and wait for our food to arrive at the table. The food comes and I notice that neither of us got chips and/or a pickle. I looked at the ticket just in case I was wrong but no, it's there. I showed an assistant manager who happened to be close by and his response was " did they not bring your chips out? Hold on I'll go grab some for you." He never came back....strike three. Not coming back EVER!
We went to Jason"s Deli because we heard that the sanwiches were very good.  They were hugh, and everyone enjoyed theirs.  If you are on your lunch hour, you may want to order ahead because they were very busy around noon.
Jason's Deli used to be one of my favorite lunch spots. I was excited that this one opened up closer to home. We decided to come here on a Sunday afternoon for some lunch. I ordered my favorite, the turkey wrap with NO sprouts. The hubby ordered the pastrami sandwich. (Note: When you are paying, there is hardly any room to sign your credit card receipt...you would think they would have thought it out better, but whatever, I was there for the food.)

We sat down and I started drinking my $2.70 tea, not worth buying it there, but I really wanted it! Our food came and my wrap had sprouts........really? I was a bit cranky after that and the wrap was so measly (the sprout to turkey ratio was like 2:1) that it could barely make a 2 year old full. I think a manager came by and asked if they could remake it for me, but I was already 1/3 of the way done with all the sprouts taken out. The hubby enjoyed his sandwich which could definitely fill someone up. Overall, I was really disappointed in the lack of food for the cost. I probably won't be back for awhile as I don't see it as a good investment for my stomach.
After waiting 2 1/2 hrs for a delivery I called to find out the status of my delivery. I was told they ran out of beefeater rolls that is why I had not recieved my order??? Why wasnt  I contacted I asked I was told because she was too busy. Pretty sad all of the other locations are fantastic!!! Maybe its poor management.
I love Jason's and was on the way home and hungry so I figured I would stop in at this new location and pick up my favorite taco salad!  I was welcomed right when I walked in and proceeded to order.  The cashier was very nice and very upbeat.  I was taking my order to-go but the place was very clean and warm.  I think I only had to wait 5 minutes before it was brought out to me.  The girl who brought it out was also very nice and upbeat.

Once I got home and ate the taco salad, it was everything I wanted and more!  I really can't say anything bad about it.  I see from other reviews that the customer service hasn't been great but I did not have a problem with it and again my food was made right.  Definitely will be back and recommend others do the same.

Oh yah, the cashier told me I have a beautiful signature, ha-ha!
I was so excited to learn that this place was opening close to my house. There is a location near my work that I just love....

Having said that .... I was disappointed upon eating at this location. It is brand new so of course everything is going to be neat and clean .... bonus! All the staff is super friendly and attentive....

But the food .... bummer!  I had my favorite turkey wrap and it was very bland and the tortilla was hard, the fruit cup was moldy and not so tasty.

They have a lot of different food options so I plan on going back .... hopefully I won't be disappointed this next time because I would hate to have to take this place off of my food rotation.
May be better to wait until they are open longer. For an established restaurant chain this place is chaos.
I'm a fan. Up until last week I always thought this chain was like a Subway or Jersey Mike's clone. Turns out they've got a more extensive menu of hot and cold sandwiches, pasta, soups, salads, and a salad bar. The sandwich I tried -- the Poppa Joe -- was pretty good.Turkey, asiago, tomatoes, and a basil pesto on focaccia. Portion sizes aren't as crazy as Capriotti's or other places like that. They're more like healthy, normal sized meals. Soft serve ice cream is also complimentary.
Why oh why does this location stink? I love Jasons Deli in Boca Park. That has been our meet for lunch spot for years. Tomato soup and salad bar for all of us. This location is just confused and the food is not the same. My son has ordered the same sandwich 3 times here and it has been wrong all 3 times. It's too expensive to be so messed up. This is just a few blocks from home too.
I've finally made it to my friendly local Jason's Deli. I've been to others in the Las Vegas Valley, and I have to say in my opinion they have all rated equally in food and service. For a chain deli, its not bad. 
I always get the Fire Roasted Tortilla soup, I love it...spicy and flavorful, love when they crush extra chips on top! I even got a tip today from one of their employees, since the Fire Roasted Tortilla isn't on their menu every day, I should try the Southwest Chicken Chili. He says it's really similar.
I get their Chef Salad often too, loaded with deli ham, turkey and cheeses...good size salad for the price. I've tried many of their sandwiches...my favorite is probably the Beefeater, comes with Au Jus for dipping!
Free ice cream for dessert.
Love this place! Price is right and quality is good. The corned beef and turkey are a little dry. All you can eat salad bar is awesome with a lot of variety, muffins, different crackers. They have anything to please meat eaters, vegans, organic food lovers, everybody. You also get a free self serve frozen custard as part of your meal. This is why I keep going back.
I love the food and the free ice cream.

I always get my favorite roast beef sandwich there and they never disappoint.  They make it to order and are always fast.  The beef is so tender it melts in my mouth.

Again cant say this enough i love the free ice cream after my meal.
I eat here for lunch about 3 times a week. 1/2 turkey rueben and salad bar is where it's at!
Ate here on Wednesday night and the food was not very good.  I ordered the Mediterranean Wrap with a diet soda and my boyfriend ordered the salad bar and a chicken sandwich.  I had three small pieces of olive pit that I bit down on that were in my wrap.  I did not to mention anything cause it happens...  However, the Mediterranean Wrap was nothing very special.  It was for $6.59, but I could have gotten a sub from Subway that was more for my money...  My boyfriend's sandwich was okay.. He said the salad bar was good.  The chicken meat kept falling out of his sandwich..  The people that worked there were very friendly. Food was not up to par.. 
We will not be coming back due to the disappointing food.
Yum Yum. the salad bar has a great selection (although I would have liked some more fruit choices). The staff is fast and courtious and a bit funny at times.  Loved the chicken salad but it might not be for everyone - it has pineapple and nut in it.  The best thing is that there is enough seating that you don't have to walk around aimlessly looking for a space to eat.  Another plus is that the to go reister is seperate.
The beefeater was pretty amazing... French dip sauce was a little sweet for my liking but overall it was pretty delicious
I love this place

It would be helpful that I stop eating out and cook but due to the summer heat- I prefer to eat out...

This is one of my many favorite place- i love the sandwiches as well as the salad bar.
My last place of residency was Omaha Ne, and I was introduced to Jason's Deli there and fell in love with the simple food/ingredients and immaculate salad bar with nice patrons sitting and conversing casually as they enjoyed their food and free soft serve ice cream. I was expecting the same type of dining experience her in Vegas but was disappointed.

Once ordered they give you a number that you set in a clamp on the table so the server knows where to bring your meal once served; I was sitting within earshot of the counter and I heard them say runner my number and after 5 mins I heard them yell runner my number again; I walked over and asked if I could take my sandwich back to my table on my own; no apology, no thank you, just yeah and they turned their back to me. 

The salad bar is good size and the food was fresh but was missing something unique to make it stand out above their competitors; I did see a sign that proclaimed "pickle lovers rejoice" and was expecting to find a few different choices of pickles to choose from; there was only one and they pickles were older/wilted pickles that had lost their crunch. Was very disappointed as I wanted to rejoice in pickle bliss. 

The crowd was loud but that may have a lot to do with the acoustics inside the place but was rather distracting not something I was used to from the store in Omaha; the tables are laid out so you are force to squeeze between aisles but that I'm sure is due to how popular they are and their attempt to give everyone a place to sit. 

They do have good food and I highly recommend the Chicken Pot Pie they serve it in a small size if you want to do soup and sandwich or you can order a full cup and it will surely fill you up and taste delicious. My only major recommendation is to try to go during non-peak hours so you don't get over whelemed by the crowd and your food doesn't get stuck sitting on a counter getting cold while the servers try to maneuver around the aisles and aisles of people hovering.
Two times in a row they have left things out of my online orders that I pick up in person.  This is unacceptable, McDonald's has better service for half the price!  Also annoying how they make you show IDs and credit cards plus sign paper receipts for online orders that were already processed.  The new credit card laws do not require signatures for orders under $50 now.  They also should remove the tip line as this is not a full service restaurant and you should not feel obligated to tip.
I have been to Jason's Deli quite a few times since living in Vegas at 2 of their locations.  I never actually "CRAVE" their food nor am I ever dying to go there.  The food is fine but that's all.  The salad bar is fresh but nothing exciting.  

Their Fire tortilla chicken soup is very good as is their French Onion soup.  I can't recall which sandwiches I have had but nothing comes to mind as exceptional.  My husband usually orders Reuben or pastrami sandwiches which he has decreed as "good" but in no way comparable to The Bagel Cafe.  

They have wonderful fresh brewed iced tea (Black Currant is my favorite).  This is a good place for lunch if you want to try to have healthy options.  Easy to feed your kids here plus they have free ice cream.
I always wanted too check this place out. My brother comes here all the time with his family and tells me great sandwiches overall good solid food. After night of trick-treat with family headed too Jason's Deli with my nieces.

First impression was big, spacious, and really nice for deli sandwich/shop. I love the high ceilings, decor really nice, tons of places too sit down (went late so had no idea looks like packed), and couple television inside. I like you get number style pick table,  and they find number bring food too you. The soda fountains unlimited, looking at it soda fountain lot of stuff going on, and the salad. Looks like winner. I never order salad but sure the next visit have too try it. I love all the topping looked fresh, lot too choose from, and it clean (you know times go too say sweet tomatoes; some people are slobs miss the plate). 

I ordered something from there famous sandwich section of the menu. I settled on the reuben sandwich. Awesome! The amount of corn beef its 1/2lb states on the  menu feels like lot more because barely able too finish all of it! I did! =) It cooked perfection nice, hot, and moist. The special dressing, sauerkraut, pickles, and bread together was divine. The corn beef was nice steamed hot, moist, and bread great fresh taste. It came with chips too. 

The service was great the lady at the counter was really nice. The manager there walking around checking up on us several times. Nice staff. One of the kids dropped his soda. We told one workers sorry and he really nice said smile no problem went ahead cleaned it up. 

There lot more stuff on the menu from pastas, soups (nieces had tortilla soup; they love it), and lot more for me try on next visit!
of all the jason's deli's ive been to this had an awkward layout. when i walked in i had a hard time finding the menu until i realized it was on a laminated menu folded on the wall (its been a while since ive been into one). after i knew what i wanted i ordered togo. after you pay i wasnt sure where to stand or wait. i think most of the tables were full and if i went too far i wasnt sure if theyd bring it to me or yell my order out. so i waited next to the pick up window and kept having to dodge customers getting their food. i saw the salad bar and quickly regretted getting my pastrami sandwich. next time i go ill get a salad.
Tried this place for lunch the first time last week with a couple of friends.  It has a nice setting and ambiance but the food was average at best and it took a long time to get a couple of sandwiches.  Probably won't go back.

However, as a plus, you do get free ice cream for whatever that is worth.......
Henry Morales is an awesone employee. Every time I come here and he's here he's always in good spirits and makes my meal enjoyable. The salad bar is always clean and stocked well. Other employees make sure tables are clean and make sure they're attended to as soon as customers leave or before they sit down. Plus free softserve after a meal is always great.
Generally good all around. Havent had a bad meal yet and the staff is very friendly at this location.
WORST sandwich chain in the US. worst service ever! esp that asian broad at the register so rude. She's probably upset bc she was born with a Jay Leno Chin and Man Hands.. Sandwiches are mediocre at best. I'd rather eat a sandwich from the gas station B! eff this place!
Hmmm. Jasons deli.. deffinetly Not my Fave sanwich spot. Shit I even like subway better than this. But the foods Not gross . Just Not that tasty.. soo of your looking for something healthy u could come here but dont expect flavorful taste bud appeasing sanwiches. Very mediocre. I guess they have free ice crem idk tho I dont eat it.
This was my first time trying Jason's Deli. Sad I know...I'm not a huge sandwich fan, which I should be, but I wouldn't mind coming here for lunch time. Their service is ok. They don't conversate much or help you with suggestions.

I got their soup and sandwich special. I paired mine with French Onion soup and the Club Royale which was a toasted croissant with smoked turkey breast, ham, bacon, Swiss,
cheddar, leafy lettuce, tomato,honey mustard. It was really good. A definite recommendation if you decide to go. I love croissants as part of a sandwich and it's a very light sandwich that isn't to heavy on the tummy. 

They also serve free ice cream, and they provide a nice salad bar as well for an extra price. I wanted to get some vanilla soft serve, but they were all out. They only had chocolate so I just passed on the ice cream. I wouldn't mind going back for lunch again!
I have only had the salad bar with a small soup which costs about 9 bucks.   Very good deal.... very good salad bar... by the time the soup cup comes, i am almost full on very good salad bar items.... come for the salad bar!!!!!! best place!!!!!!!
The food is great but be careful if you're watching calories. Tons of calories & fat. The Nutty Salad is delicious. I've definitely enjoyed the decor of this new location as well as the friendly staff.
I've been to this Jason's a few times, and it's been good every time, but tonight I had their Nutty Mixed up Salad and they went from good to amazing. The chicken was fresh grilled and the balsamic vinaigrette dressing is superb. Highly recommended.
I love the chicken pot pie soup! The soup and sandwiches are always good and the unlimited soft serve ice cream is a major bonus.
Gluten free bread for sandwiches....so good.  Get the turkey with avocado and hummus. Yum!

Only thing I don't like is that I have to place my to go order online several hours ahead of picking it up.  That's just too long.
I was introduced to Jason's Deli through my co-workers as we only worked a few minutes away. We got there just after noon the first time, and to be expected, it was very busy. The lines go fast though. 

However, there's something I just don't like about this place. I've been to some really good delis in New York (and even around Las Vegas) and it's hard to really compete. I wasn't expecting much, but still, this place just seems like one of those compromises you make because you're really hungry at lunch and don't feel like arguing with your co-workers. My first trip there I ordered a pot roast sandwich and received some sort of pastrami monstrosity that I had to dissect like a pig fetus before I could fit it reasonably in my mouth. The pastrami was gristly, dry and salty and I was kind of turned off. 

The next time I went there I got some kind of California croissant with avocado and turkey that wasn't bad. But it's kind of expensive - like $8 - $10 bucks a sandwich. I could go to a lot of better places for that kind of money. After a soda it's like 12 or 13 bucks. 

Now when I go I just get the chili, which is pretty good all around. I've never been disappointed with the chili. The ambiance is loud. There are usually tons of people there at lunch (many with kids running around and screaming their heads off - like a Little Rascals episode) and usually some sort of supervisor woman yelling "Service!" or something to her servers every time an order needs to go out which adds to a kind of 1930s Soviet sweatshop vibe. Again, kind of a turn off, but I'll still go back if I'm really hungry. It's convenient.
Pretty good food, but it's overpriced - if the service was quicker it might not be a problem, but if you want a single sandwich to go, be ready to wait between 30 and 45 minutes for it even if the restaurant is dead empty for your $13 ordeal. More food than that, just give up and go to a grocery store. The employees run the gamut between understandably dead-eyed and bored teenagers to rude and unruly teenagers who need to go run on a hamster wheel for a few hours before being released safely back into society. I've been to this location a few times, thinking maybe I just hit it during a bad hour, but it's slow and headache inducing every single time. Pity, because the sandwiches aren't bad.
I was newly introduced to this place, so I only ate there 4 times, but I can't wait to go back. The place is very clean, staff members are super friendly and the food is very tasty. I will highly recommend Jason's Deli to all of my friends.
This place is clean compared to most Jason's and the service is friendly and fast.
I have been going to Jason's deli for a very long time. I originally ate there when I was in second grade in Memphis Tennessee. Yeah I know, a long time ago. I love how they are always fresh. The salad bar has crisp vegetables and is always very clean. Their food is flavorful, selling, and organic for the most part! Free frozen yogurt as well with your meal! Who can beat that! My favorite item on the menu is the spud o broc! It's a potato that is full of broccoli cheddar soup!  I had some additions. I add fresh carved roast beef provolone cheese and fresh broccoli to the mix. Holy moly it is amazing!
I had the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich, all ic an say is YUM! and the French Onion soup was really good too!
So far, this is the best sandwich joint I've had in Vegas.  I had the turkey ruben and although it had a little too much sourkraut for my liking, it was tasty.  I was also impressed with the salad bar selection.
Wild salmon-wich is the bomb..bread is some sort of crab flavored biscuit
Mediterranean Wrap (9 points) and Broccoli Cheese Soup (6 points).  Great lunch spot with friendly and attentive staff and the place is always spotless.
Solid place to eat. Had the royale sandwich with chips. It wasn't awesome, but it was good. Had the French onion soup, which was alright.
I came in with my boyfriend at 11:30 AM today. I ordered the 1/2 size Meatballa sandwhich ($5.99) with Glueten free bread (.29 charge for half).  He had the Manager's special 1/2 size Ham sandwhich with chips and a cup of chicken soup. His meal was $7.29 plus the fountain drink we shared for $1.99... The total came to $16.82.  Which is better than most places but I still expected more from the food I guess.

I felt bad for my boyfriend, he said the chicken soup wasn't great, but enjoyed his ham sandwhich. My sandwhich was delicious. It's an average chain sandwhich shop... But atleast the host Katherine was nice and polite. And they didn't screw up the food.
Originally planned to go to Baguette Cafe during lunch break but it was closed due to renovation so the girls & I decided to come here instead.

It was my first time & I loved it! Ordered the Manager's Special Combo & got Tomato Soup & half Papa Joe Sandwich. 

I love the fact that the soup had chunks of tomato in it and just the right amount of cheese. T'was delicious indeed. My soup stayed warm the whole time, too! Seriously! Truly appreciated during this weird, humid, cloudy Vegas day.

The Papa Joe sandwich was a perfect pair! Focaccia bread was fresh and toasted. The turkey, asiago, pesto, roasted tomatoes and mayo just blended well together. Mayo was subtle, there were more pesto and tomatoes. No complaints there!

The portions were adequate considering you get chips as well. I was stuffed! But not too stuffed for ice cream cause there's free soft serve! Yum!

Definitely coming back to try other things on the menu. :)
Free ice cream with your meal!!

The staff here is like really nice. Very nice. I can't believe how nice they are.
It's a to-go type joint, but with quality service.
I love coming here I go at least once a month. 
The soups and sandwiches are made fresh to order which is a plus.

They also have a selection of the salad bar that consists of free munchies for entree purchases. It's like a raisin muffin and corn bread muffin. 


They have a nice menu, if you ask they will explain it to you so its simple.
They have a manager's special, which lets you select soup, salad or sandwich. You get to choose two. And it includes chips or a side of fruit. 

The soups here are so good. The price is way better than Panera. If you were to look throughout the entire arroyo plaza, this and sammys pizza wins! 

Get off your butt and go eat guy! It's amazing.


If you're in a hurry, order in advance! They have a separate entrance for to-go orders. 
Quicker to the register and quicker out that door. 

Cheddar broccoli soup.. Is a must! 



Enjoy your meal! :)
Tried Jason deli for the first time and was a bit disappointed. 

-pastrami sandwich on French roll with mustard: first off the meat was a bit tasteless and wasn't even that warm even though I got it toasted.  Bread seemed ok... 

Will probably give it another shot with a different sandwich. 

Worker was helpful and service seemed good. Establishment was clean and plenty of seating. 

The free ice cream wasn't bad though.
Had salad bar and Cuban sandwich. The Cuban was quite good. It met me taste expectations of what a Cuban should taste like. Salad bar was loaded with goodies. Basic greens as well as spring mix. Wide assortment of dressings like low fat ranch and balsamic vinaigrette. Whole beets, mushrooms, carrots, cucumber, antipasto, potato salad, etc. if the prices were a little cheaper I'd give 4 stars. $8 for a small sandwich and plain ruffles is a little more than I'd expect to pay. But the food is good.
The two stars in this review are for the food alone. We just moved to the area and our Jason's Deli in the area we previously lived burned down and had not been reopened by the time we moved. The salad bar and soup were very good and my kids enjoyed their pb&j's. My wife got a ham and cheese sandwich and said the ham was very good. The great disappointment at this establishment was the staff. While not all of them were this way, most were not very friendly and seemed frustrated when you asked for assistance. When I was at the register, it was obvious the guy was new, but no one seemed to want to help him, acting as if they were busy when the store was mostly empty. The other staff would then get frustrated when he would do something wrong and they would have to fix it. If they would spend more time training him, they would have much less frustration.
I love Jason's Deli but this location is so inconsistent that it drives me mad. The food isn't something to write home about but it's decent. The salad bar is good when it's stocked. I've eaten here several times when the cherry tomatoes were wrinkled and way past their prime, the sad broccoli was floating in a tub of water, and the lettuce and other containers have been close to empty. Other times I've encountered a bountiful, fresh salad bar. 

The food can be hit or miss and the portions have been shrinking while the prices have been rising. At least they seem to understand when I ask for "no bread" with my sandwich (low carb style), but you'd think they'd knock off 50 cents or something since I'm not being served the bread (which is the bulk of their sandwiches, believe me). I often leave here hungry because the portions are so minuscule. I've been served strawberries that were so mushy they had thumbprints in them and chicken breast that was microwaved so long that you couldn't even chew it. I don't tend to like restaurants that have microwaves out front and center -- what kind of message does that send about the quality?

Bonus points for the fact that they always have tasty, fresh strawberries all year long. I don't know how they do that! I always sub a cup of berries for the potato chips (that will cost you $2 extra!!). Make sure you buy a big refillable soda mug and you can get 99 cent refills for the life of the mug!
We went here at 10:30am to grab an early lunch. There was no one in the restaurant, just us and the workers. The lady who greeted us and took our order was pleasant. I got the salad bar, which had a lot of stuff so that's the one star. 

We sit down and I immediately notice employees lounging around everywhere, playing on their phones, doing whatever. That's weird but I'm not the manager. We waited 30 mins to get our food. I got a half sandwich and he got pastrami. Seriously, 30 mins. There was only one lady working and everyone else sitting around. I would've been pissed if I was her. Finally! We get our food, which was served by one of the employees who was playing with his phone. He didn't even say anything as he delivered the food, he wasn't wearing gloves, and I have no idea if he washed his hands. My sandwich looked gross, like it was thrown together. I didn't even eat half of the half I ordered. He ate all his pastrami but had an eyelash on his chips. Gross.   

Do not go to this location. The salad bar was the one redeeming quality, but after the poor service and the eyelash, I couldn't go back for more.
First time here and will absolutely return. I had the Royale Croissant with broccoli cheddar soup. YUM YUM!!!!!!! Salad bar is rad and they also have pasta. Fantastic service here.
I wanted to give this Jason's Deli another chance and my family and I returned recently. This time seemed to be a better experience. The service was much better this time and the people were much more friendly and helpful. The food was very good just like the previous visit. So this location has increased from 2 to 4 stars in my book. Well done Jason's Deli for turning things around in a few short months.
I see why people say it's inconsistent here. In a whole I love Jason's deli and all of the selections. When I worked downtown I used to order from them 3-4/week and always has same consistency in food. This is my Third time at this location and every time the food is off from the last time, flavors, textures, everything. Corn bread muffins are super soft today and lat time they were crispy. The vegetable soup had barely any chickpeas in it today. But not to worry since I hate them. 

They have a great soup selection and I love that they have vegetarian soups. The French onion is great. I've never had it overly salty which I get a lot at other restaurants. 

Food is always fast and they always go around to make sure you are alright and clear tables. The salad bar is always stocked. 

Check this place out if you want a quick healthy bite to eat.
Jason's deli is always on point. Although I miss he turtle cheesecake on the menu... They still have free ice cream! The menu is just full of variety. From salads, sandwiches, soups, to baked potatoes. It has a great variety of foods. If you have 30 min and looking for a deli than Jason's Deli is the place to be!
My favorite lunchtime eatery!  Gluten free options, fresh and a great salad bar.  Highly recommend to anyone.
Doesn't matter what time of the day it is, there is always a line. Not because they are busy, but because they have no sense of urgency. Once you are able to order, it takes about 10-15 mins to get your food and when you do get it, they often forget a side part like salsa with a wrap, or yogurt with fruit. I've given them several chances as I do enjoy the food, but the wait and lack of respect from employees that you are appreciated for being there just never improves. I'll go to a place that cares about my business.
I love this place.  GO bread, fresh ingredients.  

CONS:  service is slow.  Last two visits we waited 20+min for our sandwiches.  Watching the kitchen, they have a, back up of sandwiches to be table delivered.

PRO:  Mgr came out to our table to discuss GF options.  Love the personal tough.

I give them 4 stars for food, but 1 star for slow service to table.
First time here and I loved it. They had a good selection of vegetarian options and everything tasted great. The cashier was friendly, venue was clean,  food was ready in a timely manner,  and my order was correct,  I can't ask for more than that!
I absolutely love Jason's Deli! The salad bar is just the best.....all the options make it so yummy. I have to say that this is the place I go when I want a great salad!! Service and prices are great. I really don't think there is a better self service salad bar than Jason's Deli!!!!
Possibly the most I've ever paid for a salad bar. The ambiance is loud and the cashier was so soft spoken I couldn't hear anything he said.  I also ordered a salmon filet that I had to tell them to prepare, which apparently was completed in a microwave. I won't be back, to this location or any other.
Love the chicken pot pie and I like the fact that you can build your own sandwich
They have a salmon salad , it looks good on the picture, but it came out cold and fishy smell, and I asked for some chicken , it wasn't good at all, I won't be back here again, just saying !!!
Their salads are fantastic. I highly recommend the tortilla soup and French onion soup. Even their pastas are amazing for a deli. And how do you say no to the free ice cream afterwards yum yum yum
I got to give them mad props to their customer service. I came to grab a nice salad here during my lunch break, and since I only ordered a salad I was hoping it'll be really quick to make. Well, I started to get worried as 15 minutes past and my salad wasn't ready. I came by to inquire about it, and as I did inquire, my salad happened to be ready to be served to me.

I was pleased, and even thought I was just being paranoid because of time. Regardless, Gerald the Manager was kind enough to comp my salad and apologize. Becca also came by to let me know that my meal was comped and apologized for the wait.

I mean really, they didn't have to comp my meal nor did I expect them to, but they did anyway for the inconvenience and gave me their sincerest apologies. Two thumbs up (or..5 stars in this case) on your customer service though!
I love this place. I come here 1-2 times a week for lunch. Staff is always friendly and the food is always delish. I get the half sandwich and half salad bar deal. I'm obsessed with their couscous salad with cherry tomato and cucumber and the California club on a croissant! Their desserts are good as well.
On the door it stated it was open at 10 a.m. I arrived at 1010 and the doors were still locked. A clerk let me In. I was one of the first people there along with another couple. This was my first time at Jason's Deli. I saw several workers standing behind the counter but no one explained to me how it worked; I had asked how do I ordered my food. I then ordered the all you can eat salad bar Plus a cup of soup. Now remember there is really no one in the restaurant  and it was dead. It took 15 minutes to get my cup of soup while all the workers we're standing on the back preparing other food. When I got the soup, the soup was spilled all over the Bowl. Some of the lettuce was wilted. I wasn't impressed with the salad bar. None of the things in the salad bar was filled up to the top. The chocolate syrup was out. I was disappointed in the whole overall experience. This place lacked attention to detail. I wish I took pictures to prove how sloppy everything was. They need to fire the manager!!
Gluten free Food is so good here.
I should heed the warning...don't go to sandwich shops for their anniversary special!

Schlotzskys has turned 40...and they had an offering of a small original sandwich for $1.99.  In the growing up years, Schlotzskys held a special place in my world.  Their bread was fresh, their toppings generous and the fact that they were one of the first restaurants to grill their sandwiches, they were unique.  From age 12-18, my birthday dinner desires were all fulfilled at Schlotzskys.

Fast-forward 2 decades...

The original sandwiches are still available.   The location in Tempe, unfortunately, is closed for a remodel.  Discovering this, I returned home to look up another location.  The tossup between 44th and Thomas and Warner and Alma School...!  As I'm at Baseline and Mill, the biggest consideration was traffic.  At 7 PM on a Tuesday, I figured the run east would be easier.

I drove...and got to the store 7:20 PM.  On walking in, while the exterior of the location is kind of dark, the interior certainly works.  Recessed lighting, the feeling of faux rustic in appetite-stimulating colors...tables full of folks eating many discounted sandwiches...it felt like a good location for serious sandwich aficionados.

When I got to the register, the guy before me had been courteously rejected when he asked to order 10 of the discount sandwiches to go.  In placing my order with the manager/owner? I requested 3 small originals (the offering advertised).  My preference for the jalapeno cheddar bread was greeted with an expression of relief.  Other customization: no lettuce, extra onion, extra olive and add jalapeno on each.  

10 minutes later, my sandwiches are bagged and ready.  Driving home, the aroma of toasted bread and warm meat, along with savories tempted me to dig into the bag.  I resisted, as this was dinner for me and mine.  Arriving at home, I brought the conquest in.  

Unwrapping the first, I observed no jalapeno or cheese on the bread.  On taking a bite, there was no indication of significant onion, olive or jalapeno.  Lowering the sandwich and taking the top off was a disappointment.  1 slice of tomato, a scattering of onion and olives, and no jalapeno.  The receipt showed the order correctly, but the end result did not match.

After the unfortunate discovery, I called the restaurant.  As the person who answered had a very thick hispanic accent, I knew I was not talking to the manager/owner, who is working to lose her Brooklyn accent.  I asked for the manager, and on she came.  In advising the sandwiches are incorrect, she asked me to return the sandwiches...so she could make it right.  I advised that this would be 40 minutes round-trip, and I would not be back in the neighborhood until next week.  She suggested I freeze the incorrect product and bring it when I get into the neighborhood...she will make it right.

I appreciate the effort to fix an order that's wrong...so I will return the remaining incorrect sandwiches.  Here's to hoping I can upgrade this review from 2 stars...!
They made it right!

I took the incorrect sandwiches back to the store.  

The manager took them out of the bag,  verified the wrong bread and missing toppings, then she went back and made the two sandwiches again, with the right bread and toppings.  She also upsized from the small, which was the anniversary special, to medium.
Was getting my car washed and this place is next door. When I walked in it was obviously my first time there ( I was giving the menu a squinty eyed look and looking around a lot. ) I then asked if there was anything in particular I should try, the cashier did give a suggestion and knew the menu well. The sandwiches are hot also in case you were wondering. Took roughly 4-5 minutes and I was out of there.. I tried the sandwich upon arriving at home, and it was.... decent i suppose. My stomach had been a bit topsy turny lately so I blamed it mostly on that... I suppose ill be back sooner or later.. but not going out of my way.
Always a good sandwich. Chips and pizza also good. New ice cream desserts offered now.
Closed
Visited the Tropicana with the intent of eating at Carla Pellegrino's Bacio but they were closed. Went downstairs to the Pellegrino Pizza & Deli beacuse I read a good review about the pizza. Then I changed my mind and bought a hamburger. Best decision I've ever made in Vegas! I didn't tell them how I wanted it so, the burger was cooked medium-well. The size was a normal 1/4lb. Didn't seem like much for a $6 burger but the taste was excellent! Fresh lettuce and tomatoes on a grilled bun, with pickle and carrot spears on the side. French fries would have been another $4 so I upgraded to the $5 onion rings. Another best decision! Big fluffy battered 'rings dipped in bbq sauce. All cooked perfectly, none were burned. So, basically, I paid the typical $12 for a casino burger but I got one of the best fast-food meals ever in this town. Other places want you to care more about the burger's size rather than it's falvor. Pellegrino decided to emphasize quality over quanity, and I couldn't have been more satisfied. The only drawback is that I went there alone. While the burger was normal size, the basket of onion rings was large enough to be shared. I almost cried when I threw away the leftover 'rings but I just couldn't eat them all. The pizza slices looked like what I normally see in my home town but, of course, I wasn't able to taste them. And I saw other people with very delicious-looking sandwiches. Bacio is supposed to be open next week and this little deli has definitely made a good impression. Staff was also nice and friendly. Thanks, Carla!
Awful pizza... I bought a $4 slice and it was terrible. Salty, dry, and burnt. No good.
This place appears to be open 24 hours. The menu items seem to be very reasonably priced including their pizzas, soups, and salads. I didn't really want to leave the Tropicana during my stay, so I seemed to gravitate towards this place. The people that work here seemed to be quite friendly. I would definitely stop by this place again if I were staying at the Tropicana.
Should you still  yelp about a place if you were incredibly intoxicated while receiving services there??? ....oh well.

To dull the pain of how lack-luster RPM was, I consumed quite a few drinks on an empty stomach. At 3AM, I was desperate for food and this appeared to be the only 24-hour place to eat.

FOOD: Ordered simple, cheeseburger and onion rings. Not gonna lie, this was one of the better burgers I've eaten. Leaning more toward restaurant quality than McDonalds. The meat had the grilled/charred flavor and they even used real cheese. The bun was buttered and toasted and the size was comparable to an In n' Out burger with a much larger patty. The onion rings were freshly fried and absolutely addicting. My friend and I ate every last bit of food. No crumbs to be found!

SERVICE: This late at night, I expect pretty bad service. Grave shifts mean you have to deal with a lot of drunkards causing problems. The employees were surprisingly friendly. They took our order, got it right, and even cleaned up after we were done.

If I ever come back to the Tropicana again and need a bite at 3AM, I certainly won't have any objections to stopping here. At the very least I won't have to drive.
Decent for what it is
Ahh breakfast.

What can I say? I love me some eggs!

I saw that they had "breakfast fries" on the menu and decided to try it. Took a while for them to bring it out. Huge helping of fries topped with eggs, canadian bacon, sausage, and cheese. A dash of hot sauce makes it even better.

Good breakfast option. We were staying at the MGM and just weren't willing to eat at a $$ breakfas place for our last day so we crossed the bridge and found this place. It's located at the South Beach marketplace.
We were at the Tropicana for a show and had some time to kill decided we were hungry and after finding out the restaurant had a wait we came here; It wasn't much to look at or even aesthetically pleasing as you had a ton of people crammed into lines and hovering around tables waiting for someone to get up so they could slam their trays down and claim the seat. 

The pizza wasn't bad it was a ny style cut and thin as well as greasy (meaning they were using cheap toppings) my GF ordered a salad and it was a large salad and we ended up splitting my pizza and her salad between the two of us and leaving full. 

I can't say I would ever eat the pizza again but I may try their cheese burger the people sharing our table had one and it looked ooh so good and it made me sad inside that I missed out on it.
Found out this place finally open so some friends and I here at the office decided to give it a try.... Ordered online... very quick and easy.... Order was ready when requested.... just to add... I had an order of 11 sandwiches.... As there where packing all the sandwiches in a single large bag, I was going to order a drink, and the kind gentleman offered it to me for free.. nice!!.... Got back to the office and everyone was happy... all sandwiches where made to perfection and as requested... nothing missing nothing extra... The Philly was perfect, but I would suggest that you order extra cheese on it if you like'em cheesy.... we will definitely be returning in the near future..
Staff were over the top on customer service. The best part, I think they were being genuine. Food was good. Low key kinda place, patio seating is a nice option for people watching!!
I saw someone with a Jersey Mike's box the other day or I wouldn't have known they existed.  I was told to try the place as the subs they got there were the best they had had for a long time. 

I had to make a decision whether to go their or AJ's this week.  I have to tell you Jersey Mike's had two strikes against it before I walked in there so I almost didn't.   I am not a big sub person.  Usually the bread is satisfactory but that is about it.  The second strike is most places that advertise themselves as being from a specific area offer a product  you really have to develop a taste for  if you are ever really going to enjoy it.  Maybe if you are from there... ?  I was about that far from not going in...

I am glad that I did.  They don't offer all the toppings one might find at the other large chains. Only two kinds of bread?  The difference is in the quality of what they do offer.  That by far makes up the difference.  I had a toasted veggie wrap and really enjoyed it.  Everything was fresh and crisp without an overpowering ranch dressing.  Nice fresh bread that tasted like it had been baked that day.  Enough to fill you up without making you feel stuffed.  I have no problems with the thought of going back.  

One more plus for Jersey Mike's.  I had to wait longer than I expected.  When I finally did get my order, I mentioned it was my first time there.  I was immediately told they were shorthanded and got an apology for having had to wait as long as I did.  That really impressed me as they were really busy and it was genuine, not lip service.  


Nice place.
Best turkey sand. ever! Mikes way is the best way!
Service was lacking, we were the only people in the place and had to hear about the two gentlemen talk about the schedule for a few minutes before we were even greeted. Ordered two small subs with small drinks and chips. I had a philly style beef with spicy sauce, the Kahuna or something. It was meh, ok. I won't be back because I spent over $20.00.
This is a great place for who ever likes original east coast subs. The meats are sliced wright in front of you ... Very fresh. Friendly staff
I came here on a Friday to feast on a Philly cheesesteak; had it with the onions and peppers on white bread.It was phenomenal! So much that I spent the whole weekend dreaming about it. And so I convinced my co-workers we needed to eat here for lunch the following Monday.  I ordered the Philly again on white bread w/ onions and peppers, but this time w/ chicken as the filling. Wow! It was delicious! The bread was not soggy. And both sandwiches were flavorful. It was well worth the $7 plus change spent.
$10.10 for Miss Vickers Chips, 22 ounce soda, and a 7 inch sub.   Whoa!   Sub was all bread and lettuce.   Skimpy skimpy skimpy!   Service was fine, but I will not be going back when I can go to Subway for a 12 inch sub plus drink and chips for $7.00  .   Sorry Jersey Mike, but yous no good.
I'll cut them slack for opening month jitters and a petrified cashier who couldn't count change from a $20 on a $7.40 sandwich 

And the freshness and flavor wasn't bad although nothing special - at least it wasn't disgusting.  

But I'm not a fan of places that are so chincy to work their bottom line margins that they essentially pull a flimflam like I'm too stupid to realize it.  

You will get two transparently thin slices of  cheese and so little shaved meat on your sub it becomes an $8 bread and condiment sandwich. 

Just make a sub like its supposed to be where you can actually taste the meat and cheese and charge what you need.  

Verdict is this is a rip deal.
Delicious and the staff was very nice
Get the #8 on wheat with everything on it!
Very friendly staff.  Do a sub Mikes way and you will be back in Jersey!  Generally fast and much more filling and better value than that other sub chain.
Been here many times & would normally give it at least 3 stars but went in 5 minutes before it close & asked if it was too late & they said no.  Told them I don't want to keep them but they said it was fine.  Ordered a HOT buffalo chicken wrap which female cook dropped tortilla on grill for half a second & put it on paper then grilled chicken for 5 SECONDS on each side (her words). HOT wrap was ice cold.  When I asked isn't it  suppose to be hot she said all the condiments were cold & she cooked the meat 5 seconds on each side.  I will go again but not order if she is cooking.
yay great subs will be back
This is an update to my last review.  I went into Jersey Mike's last night for the first time since my less than stellar experience and couldn't have been more pleased.  The previous female employee was not there and the staff was very friendly as I have experienced prior to my last visit.  My buffalo chicken wrap was warmer than last time and filled with lots of great condiments.  I was planning on writing this review but ironically the manager contacted me this morning through yelp to address my concern.  I am glad that a business takes the time to contact it's customers to address any problems or concerns.  I will definitely be back and tell people of my awesome experience.
It's a pretty good sandwich shop, but if you just finish hiking and Etc its not the place to keep you full lol
I went in the early afternoon and got incredibly fast and friendly service.  The food is always good and fresh.  They seem to have a lot of turnover in employees, so I never see the same face twice, but the food certainly doesn't seem to suffer.  They even secret menu options ... if that's something you enjoy  :-)
This was my friend's first time eating here. We walked in about 30 minutes to close when two employees, not paying attention to the door, were cleaning the grill. My friend ordered a chicken Parmesan sandwich. The employee told him he just put that stuff away. Which makes sense that he didn't want to re-clean the grill. So he reluctantly ordered a cold sub as anything hot would require re-dirtying the grill.

It's a shame that that he wasn't able to get the sandwich he really wanted because the workers were obviously trying to be out the door the minute they close. He will probably not be back.
This place has wonderful sandwiches, always does.  That is why I will continue to go there.  Went there last week to pick up a call ahead order, as I was paying, with a credit card, the kid checking me out showed me where I could tip, but "no pressure" as he eyeballed each button press and was dissapointed as I chose no thank you. 

I understand wanting to tip if you get great service, but be serious you are a sandwich shop.  Is it necessary to have to say no thanks on a tip while checking out with a credit card??  What were they wanting 20% to hand me a bag?  Eliminate the tip option on the credit card check out screens and 5 stars on a sandwich shop.  Sandwich shop...
The employee that decided to make fun of another employee took away from what is a usually very good experience at this location.  The young man making the sandwich was being very friendly, asked all the right things to make sure everything would be made correctly and was a pleasure. Then another employee started saying and asking things that made it clear that he was making fun of him or taunting him. The first employee looked shaken up by this but continued his excellent customer service.   Other employees got quiet and busy to stay out of it. 
Food is always great, but manager should be checking out this kind of treatment by one employee to another.
If I'm int he mood for a good Italian sub, I come to Jersey Mikes. Not only do they slice all of the deli meat right in front of you, but the ingredients are always fresh. There are locations all over the valley, but this review is for the Camelback/Central restaurant. The staff was extremely friendly, the place was clean, and I got a FREE COOKIE just for checking in! 

Overall, Jersey Mikes is where you should go if you want an Italian sub. Wayyyy better than Subway
Like any fast food place, the staff changes often. On a recent visit, husband walked out because he said the lettuce was brown and looked awful and the staff refused to provide fresh lettuce. Also, the turkey was so shredded, it was unrecognizable as such. The staff refused again to open a new chunk of turkey until the little nub left was used up. When my husband asked Iif maybe they could slice it thicker, the lady said she would charge extra! 

Additionally, when I asked for extra onions, the man making my sandwich (who appeared to be the MANAGER) was rolling his eyes at other employees who were on a break in response to my request. I saw you do that you jerk; I'm not blind! Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!
Mmm, steamy!

I had never tried Firehouse Subs but I had heard plenty of good things about their sandwiches... So when a location opened up fairly close to my work I decided to give them a shot.

When I walked in, every employee looked up and welcomed me. I let the cashier know I had never been into a Firehouse, and she quickly went over the menu options and let me know that Firehouse steams all of the meats and cheese unless requested. There are two sizes available, 8" and 12".

I had the 8" Turkey Bacon Ranch, no onion, and steamed of course! My sandwich was ready to take back to work about 5 minutes later, and it came with a dill pickle on the side. The sub was slightly messy due to the peppercorn ranch dressing, but not too messy.. Next time I may ask them to go easy on the dressing. The ingredients were really flavorful, you can tell the meats used are of better quality then some other sandwich shops around town. 

I will definitely be back to try some of the other subs in the future. 

Bonus: Come in on your birthday with a valid id, and get a free medium sub FREE!
I've heard a lot of hype about this place so I had to try it out. It definitely lived up to it. Sandwiches were very tasty and the homemade spicy bbq sauce was delicious. I overheard someone in line call this place "a trip". I'm not sure what that means, but it certainly was a lot more interesting then other sub shops in town.
So excited they opened up a Firehouse in our  'hood.
I got a Club on a Sub and didn't think this sandwich was as good as other subs I've eaten at the S. Eastern shop. Kind of bland, not much going on. My dill on the side looked a bit mangled as well. I know I'm nit picking. So I'm not sure if it was the sub I ordered or the location, but I will give this Firehouse another try and update accordingly.
The place was clean. The staff friendly. Love the "fancy" soda dispenser, with tons of options.
FREE sandwich on your birthday. Just show your ID. That's how I got hooked. I was on a mission back in December to get as much free stuff for my birthday. Since then I've been back many times since. Their subs are delicious and staff is friendly.

I've tried a couple different subs but my personal favorite is the Hook and Ladder. Sweet honey ham and turkey. They have a wheat bread option and I like it 'fully involved.' If you don't like the regular chips they also have brownies and cookies with no up charge. 

As part of their charity they sell pickle buckets for $2. Just a side note that's cheaper than a Home Depot bucket. 

The best part Firehouse subs soda fountain. 120 drink options. which includes diet vanilla coke. I don't know of any other place that offers this. Even though there are closer sub and sandwich shops where I live, Firehouse subs is worth the drive.
So this time the food was much better but staffing was sub par. 
Sunday night, there seemed to be a lot of employees but only one was making subs so the wait was a bit longer than expected. Maybe he lost a bet or something but why do the customers have to pay the bookie? 
Yum! to the Firehouse Hero though.
The Subs here are Fantastic. The Coke machine is unbelievable, I don't think I will ever go back to Subway again. The prices may be a dollar higher. But it is well worth it. Clean Bright, Friendly.
Looking for a quick bite near home, I finally had the chance to try Firehouse Subs. I've heard about them for a while and since I'm always looking for good sandwich options in town, I thought I'd give them a try. 

Their menu is anything but extensive. They have about 10 different sandwich options, but they all sounded pretty good so we were quick to order. I got the Engineer which was great with the addition of mushrooms. Considering the prices, you get a huge footlong sandwich for the price. 

On top of that, the soda dispenser is amazing. So many different varieties and mixtures to choose from. You can get pretty much any soda you can think of and you have the option of adding flavoring as well. It took me forever to pick my poison.

Service was good, the location is enormous and is clean, which is important. 

When I got my food home, I was a little turned off by how soggy the sandwich was. I'm not a fan of soggy bread typically. My fella's wheat bread definitely held up better than the white I ordered, so I'll probably order wheat next time. Despite the soggy texture, the flavors were fantastic. A little bit too much meat for my taste, but I think I'm a bit odd in the respect of preferring my sandwich not as meaty. The sandwich was melty and extremely tasty.

I'll definitely be back. So happy to have a good sandwich option near home, since I don't like Quizno's, Port of Subs or Capriotti's.
The soda fountain is so 21st century.  A touch screen and a bajillion options for your soda.  I review this first because it's the first thing you encounter when you walk into the place.

The service is fast, the staff is ok (I think the girl at the register was having a bad day because she just seemed 'over it'), and the food is tasty-tasty.  I had the 'engineer sandwich' which consisted of turkey, swiss, and mushrooms (nom nom nom), and the combo came with chips and a pickle spear.  I took it to-go as I wasn't about to hang out in a lobby full of rambunctious kids (all the more to you parents and kids, but it was too loud for me).  

It's frequented by law enforcement too, as while I was there, I saw LVMPD and NHP vehicles in the parking lot and some officers chowing down.

Infinitely better than Subway or Quiznos.  Mmhmm.
OH MY GOD can these people make a sandwich. I was at a tournament in Las Vegas and my teammates and I desperately needed food. I found this place with my phone and I am so glad we went here! 

The Sweet and Spicy Meatball sub is absolute heaven. I also tried some sort of chicken sub and substituted the mayo for honey mustard - it was amazing. Yes, we went to this place twice in one weekend. 

There is also a great soda machine here with over 100 flavors to choose from. If you like your food on the spicier side, there are a number of hot sauces at the end of the counter that are rated 1-10+++ on the hotness scale. 

The establishment itself is very clean, and very much like one would imagine a firehouse back in the day (minus one of those awesome poles). The staff were all very friendly and seemed really amused at how excited I was about their food. 

If I could, I would eat there all the time. Firehouse Subs, please make your way down to Southern CA!
Great place to have a tasty sub! Firehouse theme going on with a friendly staff.I support local spots that help the community. They keep everything steamed so you know its hot and fresh when you bite into it. Props for the fountain drink coke machine, 120 + flavors. Average prices & well worth it.
Love this place.  I think I have been to each one in town and waiting for one to open on the Strip.

Tried them a while back just for a change of pace.  Fell in love on first bite with the friendliest staff, open and well lite stores and great meats on a tasty bun.  

My favorite is the Italian, but each other one is almost as delicious.   They use real wheat bread, like you can taste the wheat... its that fresh and delicious..
The food is great, esp. the Hawaiian pulled pork. Amazing. What wasn't so amazing was the crew on July 4 - from incompetance at the register to the whole staff seemingly in a sour mood. The vibe was pretty cold. Could cut it with a knife -  noticed immediately upon walking in the door. 

The Firehouse out on Smoke Ranch Road was fun, lively, and the manager was talking to everyone, very different from the So. Rainbow shop. 

Net: Food good, employees - not so much.
Have been here several times now and love the food.  Just tried the Hawaiian pulled pork and added some spice to it from the amazing selection of hot sauces they have out for use by customers.  Very filling and getting to choose a drink from their soda machine (especially diet) made it a very nice lunch....
Great subs.  Very tasty
Went here when my dad was visiting from Nebraska on a recommendation and wow, we were both amazed at how good the subs are. They are so much tastier than most other subs we have had and the soda machine was awesome..will be back
Best subs in the entire world. I dare you to find a better sandwich shop. 
Well worth the price.
I'm a junk food, fast food junkie.  I admit that.  I was a subway whore for many years.  I don't like my sub toasted, fried or whatever.  Just good bread, good fixings and fast service...

Than a friend took me to a  FireHouse and its been love ever since.  I will drive past the other place, if there is a FH close by... 

First -  its not some tiny little storefront with some snot nosed kid behind the counter, waiting to make some sandwich than ring you up...  Nooo..  There is a line of people waiting to get working on making what you ordered.  friendly, smiling and knowledgeable people... 

yes, I said smiling people who know what they are doing... Amazing, but true... 

I usually go for the Italian, but will settle for an engineer if pressed.  Haven't had a bad sandwich no matter what I have ordered...    All the meat is fresh and steamed.  I didn't know steamed was this tasty!

The soda machine is soo cool, but they need two in each store because people get overwhelmed at the selections that they see to freeze in front of it and takes awhile to select.  Especially if they never encountered the new mix your own drink machine...
Typically you can't drag me into a sub shop, and I will say the first time at Firehouse, I was like "meh", not much sandwich for a pretty steep price $8-$9 (combo). I think it was the hot melted that made it go down so fast it wasn't very filling. Then I had another opportunity to go in and ordered a cold sub, the tuna on white with the fixings. Quite Nice. I coupled it with a wonderful combo drink from their nifty beverage machine mentioned by other reviewers, namely 3/4 minute-maid lemonade with 1/4 Minute-maid strawberry lemonade a squeeze of fresh lime and now I am even happier. Plus bonus, the Cheetos get stashed for a late afternoon snack. Count me amongst the converted.
I had several people tell me they really love Firehouse subs so I went to check it  out. The sandwiches my son and I got were decent. Nothing special, nothing really flavorful, Just OK. As mentioned in other reviews, the moral and employees are just there. They have zero personality. I don't care to have any real conversation with the person ringing me up or making my sandwich but when you are trying to be a better alternative than Subway, Port of Subs, Quiznos, try to at least fake that you want to be there. 

I liked that they have a big selection of different hot sauces. That was a plus, too bad I had to add plenty to make my sandwich have more flavor. I don't drink soda all that often but they have one of those build your own coke machines and that is also a nice addition to Firehouse Subs. 

If the sandwiches had better and or more flavor it would help this place stand out more. With no personality service and just Decent sandwiches, I found it very forgettable and have no desire to try it again.
Pretty good!
i will definitely be back to try the other sandwiches. 
good food, reasonable prices.
I had the Firehouse Hero, hot roast beef, turkey and ham. It really lacked in flavor, just tasted like warm mystery meat. This is my first time eating at Firehouse and I wasn't impressed. The meat was piled up in the middle so I opened it up to spread it around and with 3 meats it barely covered the bread. Expensive for a toasted sub. Also they made my sandwich on wheat but I asked for white, not a big deal, but when I asked to have it remade they didn't even apologize. And I had to wait until they finished making the other guests sandwiches. I won't be coming back, customer service isn't there, no flavor and overpriced.
Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar.  Very good subs and I would recommend this place to anyone.
I've heard a lot about this place. We walked in, it was very clean, and quiet. It was 5:51PM when we ordered. Candace took our order, whom was very nice and attentive to our needs. She was so nice, it caught me off guard because I'm used to crappy service everywhere we go. 

We're from New England originally, I'd been CRAVING a "hot oven grinder" for 2 years. I got an Italian sandwich it comes with Genoa salami, pepperoni, ham, melted provolone, Italian dressing & seasoning, onions, tomato lettuce, and mustard.

Back east it's pretty much the same way but WITHOUT mustard & they usually throw hot peppers on it. I wasn't heart broken I never liked hot peppers on my sandwich. 

I got an 8" italian sub without mustard or onions on it. It bought me back home for brief moment. For $5.79 I couldn't be happier, I was shocked the prices were REASONABLE.  I HATE subway with a passion now that I've come here. It was just THAT much better. The combo is 2.29 more with a medium drink & chips. 

Now for desert they had COOKIES. =) Oh yeah, I'm going there. I had a Chocolate chip cookie, my boyfriend had Oatmeal Raisin. Both of them were soft,  chewable and delicious. They're $0.85 for cookies & and they had brownies are $1.29.

The place steams the meats and I gotta say I never thought it'd be so freakin' delicious. I'm in love with this place. We'll be back.

I forgot to mention the whole reason we came I saw a picture of the Coca-Cola Freestyle machine that my boyfriend is thoroughly in love with. I told him they had it, he didn't even give me a chance to look at the menu, he said "LET'S GO!". Every time we get drinks from a free style machine we do half SPRITE vanilla & half Sprite Strawberry. Tastes like a strawberry jolly rancher.  =) lol try it.
**Summary**
      - Hot subs - Their hot subs are hot from the inside out. From their heated meats to the melting cheese, they're simply delicious.
      - Drink Machine - They have one of those drink machines that let you mix sodas and flavor shots. It's quite novel if you haven't seen one before.
**Ordered**
      - Hook & Ladder - Turkey, ham, and cheese. This hot sandwich is definitely my favorite. It has the right combination of salty meats and melty cheese.
      - Firehouse Meatball - This is definitley one of the best meatball subs I've had.
      - Engineer - Turkey, cheese, and sauteed mushrooms. Unfortunately, the mushrooms are out of a can and ruined the taste of the sandwich for me.
**Recommendations**
      - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice quality hot sub.
Better visit 2nd time around. They're keeping the warm pulled pork/coleslaw sammie, now (was limited time). That's worth stopping in for, just that one! They've perfected it. The semi-sweet Hawaiian bun seals the deal. Yummay!
The cherry limeade is awesome. And as far as the sandwiches go, I've yet to try a bad one here. I don't know that I can say that about any other sandwich chain. 

As a chain started by firemen, hot sauce is supposedly a running theme here. Over on the side is a case of various hot sauces from around the world. Some of the hot sauces are delicious, some are off putting, but I really don't know that the hot sauce adds anything to their sandwiches. To each their own I guess, but it's safe to say you won't be disappointed by Firehouse Subs. 

Be sure to put it into your rotation of places like Subway or Quiznos.
It was my first visit too Firehouse Subs someplace that been on my radar for sometime. I got the extra incentive when my roommate raved about the beef brisket and cheddar sub. I always perceive this place as Quinzos sub. Talk about SO much better! The menu is not that big or diverse but can appreciate any restaurant focus on one thing and does it well! In this case Hot Subs! I ended up getting the beef brisket and cheddar sub. Ironic? It was great choice! I felt the thinly deli cut slices of beef brisket had amazing flavor combine with melted cheddar cheese. Awesome. Even the deli pickle that comes with any sub had nice crunch and really good. They do have other things on menu besides subs chili or pickles chip, etc. 

I enjoyed the decor everything is theme too fire house station. The moment walked in the entire staff was extremely friendly with welcome too Firehouse Subs. The soda machine admit that its pretty cool! Or where else do you find big red machine that dispensing all choices from one press of button? On the devil advocate if busy probably not the something too look forward too. The have hot sauce area another thing pretty cool about Firehouse Subs. Over 30 different bottles that you can use if kick up sub a notch. They had lot of people on staff so got my sandwich pretty quick. The combo its great deal for quick lunch. Sure be back too try more Hot Subs!!!
Who knew they smoked their own brisket here, and for 10+ hours?  Not me. If I'd known that I would have asked the hub to get me a sub, instead of a chicken salad salad, which was fine and homeade.... BUT the brisket, well, he was raving.  Even so, he let me have a bite and I had to agree it was great.  I gave 5 stars for the sub, and 3 for the salad...so if you are getting subs it is really 5 stars all the way.

He ordered the Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar Brisket Sub. It came with tasty bbq sauce on it and very fresh bread.  Now the dude wants to buy a franchise.
Subs are good, I like them better than Subway or Quiznos. This one in particular is pretty busy and I love the flavor mix soda machine.
love the soda fountain. This is my favorite sandwich place, food is always fresh and the selection of sauces is awesome.
We really like the sandwiches and the snappy sauce they have to go with them. I think the prices are a little high for what you're getting but it's a national chain and that won't change.

You need an engineering degree from MIT for the fountain machine :)
Best subs ever! My husband loves firehouse as well (he is usually picky when it comes to subs) My fav is the club :) yummzyyyy
Went there for the first time this weekend. Amazing sandwhich place. As soon as you walk in they greet u, Everyone that works there are very nice. Definitely better than Subway.
Great sandwhiches, A little expensive but at least you know you are getting a great tasting meal!
My favorite sandwich shop! My favorite sandwich is the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket. I like their different selection of hot sauces and bowl of chili is excellent!
This place is so fire!!! Every time they nail it  with there hot subs I just love all the different kind of sauce  you get to pick out.
If u are in the mood for a good hot sub with all the cool hot sauces, this is the place. the fountain drinks section is awesome.Lots of variety of soda too.  :)
A little surprised..

Lunch on a Saturday and everyone that works here looks like they are hung over.  Giving food to the wrong people and not making food at all...  Great food and nice place but I will steer clear of this place for my good at catering needs...
I came across this place after a meeting and it was an amazing decision! Not only was the sandwich delicious, the huge variety of sauces were just about the best thing ever. Friendly staff and minimal wait time. All together a great experience :)
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
The OWNER, as she wanted everyone to know, has the attitude that will keep me from entering any Firehouse Sub location again. Worst attitude and customer service anywhere! The chip on your shoulder hopefully gets knocked off HARD!

YOU MAKE SANDWICHES, YOU'RE NOBODY!
The subs here are delicious. They have a wide variety to choose from. Its a great spot to stop by and grab a quick sub for lunch.
Very good food a bit on the pricey side and they could beefing up the sandwiches more but never the less a great sandwich. Would recommend
Dear Engineer sub,

How and why are you so delicious? With your freshly steamed bun, gooey cheese, crisp veggies, tender turkey meat, all topped with perfectly sauted mushrooms... It's not even fair for the competition. 

Subway, port of subs, Quiznos and earl of sandwiches, you are all in trouble.
I can't help but love the brisket and cheddar sandwich. I adore that these stores has  those fancy multiple choice soda machines. They also have a full bar of hot sauces, which I've never used, but, darnit I have the option. 
I'm a Port O' Subs person at heart, but I have absolutely fallen in love with Firehouse Subs.
Great place for a sandwich.  Consistent food and friendly employees.  I love how they steam the sandwich to warm the meat and cheese.  Coke machine has so many options!
I am new to Firehouse Subs and I can say I'll be going back there a lot for sure. Nice to have a hot sauce collection (won't find that at Subway or Quiznos). Also a nice touch having some flat screens for my viewing pleasure. Reminds me of hero places on the east coast.
You have to eat the sub at the store or it gets soggy. They steam it and they are good sandwiches, but the longer they sit the soggier it gets! They have a good variety of sandwiches. They are definitely NOT on the health diet.
I have been to this particular location several times enough to know that the owner of the store was sitting in the lobby and greeted me. Everything was fine until I returned from lunch and notice that my tuna sandwich was toasted. I explained my situation several times until the owners wife got on the phone. I was very frustrated at the time, because I explained to them that I have been asked before if I would like my sandwich toasted. The owner's wife mention that none of her cashiers would ask that question. So as customer in my opinion the owner's wife did not think maybe it has happen or maybe this customer has had other orders with the purchases before or this is not a first time customer of our store to notice who is the owner. I enjoy the tuna from Firehouse Subs, but I will never frequent that store again, and will let co workers also know about the experience. As a store owner take some responsibility that it is possible this has happen when she has not been the store. The overall experience was great until I had to call about my toasted sandwich. I have never had an issue with any previous orders from this location. The subs are good, but the owner's wife is why they receive 1 star.
SUPERB ALL AROUND!!!  I'm rarely one to take time from my day to write reviews, and NEVER write bad ones unless they negatively impact my life. Life is too filled with more important things, I say... BUT I truly believe in saying thanks, and sharing kind thoughts where they are due. THANK YOU!  The pleasure I consistently enjoy from the quality of these sandwiches is top notch. More importantly, to me, a consistent level of cleanliness and sincere welcoming kindness from staff keeps me going there. I met the owners as well, and appreciate their care in making sure their customers are happy. I'm one and hope others appreciate what I do. Again, THANK YOU!!!
Love the sandwiches. Roommate introduce me this place and now I am addicted. I really enjoy there hot sauce selection. I recommend backdraft, it's a 7, feels like a 9.
Great sub sandwiches. I gotta say i honestly wasnt impressed by their famous meatball sub. But I cannot get enough of their bbq brisket sandwich. With bacon. Sooooo goood! This location gets pretty busy during lunch hour. Call ahead if u in a rush. Great food great service. Oh and they have those fointain drink machines that make like hundreds of soft drink combinations, love those machines, i make my fav cherry vanilla coke, they need em in every restaurant!
Who doesn't like a sub stacked high with meat, toasted to add a little crunch and mayo or mustard to taste?  A great place for lunch or dinner or whatever.  The one recommendation I would have is to eat it there.  Trying to take a toasted sub home never works out as great as you think it will.
First time here with the family ordered the steamer and the hero and was not disappointed at all. Very generous portion for the meats and very tasty. Staff is also very friendly. Definitely adding this place on my go to places.
I tried Jersey Mike's today. 

The reuben I ordered was on a hoagie style roll rather than regular rye bread.  While a different presentation than expected the sandwich was good.  The sandwich was  otherwise not noteworthy.

Service was a little slow but acceptable. 

If you are in the neighborhood and need a sandwich Jersey Mike's will come through for you.

If looking for a great deli experience this is not the place for you.
My wife and I stopped by for our first visit.  Wow is this place great.  We were met with a welcome as soon as  we stepped through the door.  We had the Reuben  and it was great.  We were impressed with the food and the service.  Being newbies we were given a free cookie!  The manager brought us some of their BBQ beef to try after our meal.  They roast the beef every day on site.  This place is great.  We will be back soon.
I ordered the "Original Italian"- provolone, ham, prosciutto, cappacuolo, salami, pepperoni! I was really good, staff was really helpful and the place was spotless! I suggest you get their red pepper relish on ANY sandwich.  It was SO good! I will be going back really soon!
Good sandwiches and friendly staff. No negative experiences or feedback here.
I like Jersey Mike's - they are able to make a sandwich quickly, and still slice it to order.  They're very accommodating and friendly, and know their menu well.  The food is good, portions are good, and appropriately priced.  My wife is from New Jersey, and says they're the real deal, just like she had way back when.

Very good, very reliable.  Try it!
If there's anything to be said about Jersey Mike's, it's that the food is always fresh, delicious, and just the right amount.  My go to is the #8.  Whatever you end up getting - turkey, ham, salami, (definitely try the prosciutto); the meat is light, fresh, tasty, and doesn't leave that heavy feeling in the pit of your stomach.  White/wheat bread for the base, and then get it Mike's Way! for all the fixin's and oil & vinegar.  Hits the spot everytime, and at $6-8 it ain't cheap as far as subs go, but Jersey Mike's definitely has its own niche in subs.
So delicious, the boyf. introduced me to this place
I was anxious to try the Ruben because I love Togo's pastrami Ruben. Upon entering the staff was super friendly. The next thing I noticed was the price. It was a little steep. Just under $7 bucks for the regular and almost $12 for the big one. They should have something in between. They warmed up the pastrami on the grill and melted the Swiss then loaded it onto the roll. I noticed that they actually slice the cheese fresh which is impressive. I was pretty disappointed in the sandwich. The pastrami had little taste and the bred was kind of overwhelmingly dry. My son had the same thing and definitely agreed. Not only was the taste lacking but he was still hungry since I just got him a regular. I'm not a subway fan, but considering the cost and taste I would go there over here. I doubt we will be going back.
I was a big Subway fan, until I tried Jersey Mikes, I eat here at least once a week...
I'm from Delaware and have always missed having the amazing Italian subs that you just can't get in Arizona. But jersey Mikes comes so close. Their prosciutinni and capicola give the subs an authentic east coast taste. I love the # 13. Give this place a try if you miss the subs from back east.
I really wanted to love this place because the service was outstanding.  I like that they have a fun selection of sandwiches both hot and cold.  I like that they slice the meat and cheese when you order it instead of having it pre sliced in plastic bins.  I am a vegetarian and the employee even went to the back to slice my cheese on a clean slicer.  It was our first time visiting and they gave us 3 cookies free.  I have to say the peanut butter cookie was my favorite part of the meal.  It was seriously delicious.  There are only really 2 vegetarian options - a cheese and green bell pepper cold sandwich and the same thing basically warmed with cooked veggies.  And you could get it rolled in a wrap instead of on a sub.  I am not a fan of green bell peppers so I was not thrilled off the bat with my choices.  They also have very few sandwich toppings so I couldn't even "beef" up the sandwich with things like cucumber, sprouts, avocado, etc.  I sadly don't think I will be back and I was hoping there was finally a restaurant on this corner that I would enjoy.  :(
I love this place!!  The bread is nice and soft, meat delicious, fresh toppings.  They slice the meat fresh right before you eyes for your sandwich.  It's actually fun.  The employees are fun and friendly. If you ask to sample something they will gladly cut you a slice. I like to try all the sandwiches and haven't been disappointed yet.  I usually get a regular with everything on it and save half for lunch the next day.  Sometimes the line is long, but they are very efficient in servicing the customers.
It was my first time there, both girls were very friendly and helpful!
food was good, but service ranks higher with me! and they were great! We will be returning!
Had the club for lunch and it was very good. Bread and all the other ingredients seemed very fresh and quality. Great lunch place , decently priced.
Thanks for bringing coupons and cookies by our office.  This is a review to let you know I used them and got me into the restaurant.  Very good sandwich as always.  My favorite is the California club.  Avocado bacon and turkey.  Everyone will be using them to come get a sandwich. Thanks!
OPEN TIL 1AM!!

This is located on the first floor inside the Hilton Grand Vacations next to Circus Circus. 

I stopped in with my cousin so cause I was craving some junk food. There was a bunch of junk food, beer, wine and soda. I also saw a deli where they made sandwiches and salads. On the other side, there was a pizza kitchen. 

I spent $22 on beer and junk food and a yogurt for my cousin. We went up to the room and started watching a DVD. I think we got about 30 minutes into Thor and I phoned in a sandwich order. I got a roast beef sandwich w/pepperjack lettuce and tomatoes. The sandwich was $8.25 and came with a pickle spear and a small bag of chips. The roast beef was fresh and I was very satisfied.

I still want to order a Margherita pizza, but I think I can only fit one slice in my stomach right now.
If you are in a pinch for some quick food while at the hotel this is not a bad choice.  I had a sandwich from the deli - the bread was fresh, meat tasty and cooked just right.  Unfortunately you pay hotel prices for a small portion.
There's not much to do at the Hilton- gym on the left or food to the right? That's a no-brainer.

The pizza smelled amazing (my man and his coworker had a couple of slices and said it was pretty good). Sandwiches, salads, parfaits... you can't really go hungry. Large beer/wine selection. Wide variety of Vegas souvenirs, grocery, first aid, and other random things you might need in your suite (including dryer sheets and laundry detergent).

They also "proudly brew Starbucks coffee" (not a fan of Starbucks).

The most awesome thing about this place is the big jar of LARGE pickles. O-M-G. I love pickles. Hands down the biggest ones I've ever seen! (Get your mind out of the gutter)! I would've taken the entire jar if I could. At $2 per pickle, I forgot all about my headache as I munched my way back upstairs.

I was devastated upon checking out when I realized I left the other half of my pickle in the fridge.
Let me start be saying I was patiently waiting for this sandwich shop to open. 

I have been to the other location on Lake Mead. There I had #7, it was great! So I had high expectations for this place as we ordered. One of the guys who worked there gave me some advice on what to order. A bit hesitant because I had my heart set on #7, I decided to for it. (I presume the guy worked there for a while since he knew some secrets) . 

The secret was #10 "Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket" without BBQ sauce then bring with you a bottle of the Captain Sorensen"s Datil Pepper Hot Sauce. 
--------------10 BITES and it was gone!! --------------------------------------------

There coke machine dispenser was very cool! We were playing with it for a little while. It has a screen that you touch to get the flavor you want, then PUSH. 

Overall, very clean, new, friendly staff. 

FYI.....order the food first with the cashiers...pay for it and they will bring it to you once done.
There is nothing like a warm steak sandwich on a chilly day. I ordered the Firehouse Steak and Cheese on white. It's sirloin steak, melted provolone, onions, bell peppers, mayo, and mustard. It was delicious! It tastes just as good as the ones I typically get at the Great Steak chains you would find at the mall. 

Their soda machine also caught my curiosity because it's like one machine that serves  120 + flavors. I was going to get a Mello Yello because that is the closest thing to Mountain Dew but there were so many types. I ended up with a Grape Mello Yello. It doesn't taste as good as the regular yellow one but it was still good. This machine has so many flavors though.... I couldn't get over it! ( I'm easily amused) I had a heavy finger much like a heavy foot so my husband had to choose my drink. 

Firehouse Subs not only has great food but if you love hot sauce they sell all different types here!
This is the first Firehouse Subs I have ever been to.  Hard to fathom, I know.  But I did some research online and ordered the sweet and spicy meatball, which appears to be a semi-secret off-menu item.  It was pretty good!  Nice amount of spice and yummy melted cheese on top.

However, this location's claim to fame, so to speak, and the reason why I went to this location specifically, is the soda machine (see pic).  Very high-tech, but when I actually used it, I realized that they just have a bunch of flavored syrups which you can appropriately, or inappropriately, mix with your favorite soft drink.  Some combinations are pretty gross, in my opinion.  Who wants a vanilla-flavored Sprite?

I appreciate that they have non-caffeinated, no-calorie sodas like Sprite Zero and Dasani Sensations.  But keep in mind that if you add the flavored syrup, you will not have a diet drink anymore.  Plus, it is hard to figure out what you are getting, if you are a drink nazi like me.  For example, Dasani Sensations with Lemon - is that the no-calorie version or is it with the lemon syrup that has calories?

Finally, people get enamored with the damn machine and stand in front of it, taking sips of every possible combination.  They only have one machine so it gets super annoying.

But enough about the drink machine.  The cashier and food prep people were friendly, the food was good, I'll be back.
Amazing subs- so glad they opened this location. The service is great, the food is awesome, the hot sauces are delicious, the coke machine is fun- I really enjoy eating here and I look forward to repeat visits. Every other sub place pales in comparison, except Capriotti's, but they have their own special thing going on, so I don't really compare the two.

By the way, the #10 with the Datil sauce is fantastic!! My other favorite is the #5, just as it is. YUM!
Love the meatball sub! Best I've ever had. Just one thing, it's very minor and maybe it's just me but whenever you walk in you get barraged by every worker saying, "Welcome to Firehouse Subs!"  Hearing that five consecutive times gets a bit redundant. One greeting is sufficient.  I'm tempted to yell back, "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" When I walk into a sandwich shop I want attention but not the bells and whistles, look who just walked in kind of attention.
This place has a great selection of delicious hot and cold sandwiches. Also there is a excellent collection of hot sauces to help spice up any sandwich. I enjoy the quick friendly service and the devotion the employees have to making your sandwich exactly as you desire. Also this location has the new Coca Cola machine that has 120 different combinations. I am not a huge Coke fan but when I tried this same soda machine at the World of Coke in Atlanta, I really enjoyed the multiple combinations
Stopped in for lunch last week. Excellent service and excellent meal. They have the new Coke fountain that I love. Stop in and check them out! 
I had the steak and cheese sub. Had a great conversation with the manager and several employees.
I think I've discovered a new addiction. I had never tried Firehouse Subs prior to the opening of this location, but boy am I glad I did! As a fan of hot sandwiches, this was the perfect place for me. On my first few visits, I ordered the Turkey Bacon Ranch, and it was delicious. My only wish for it was for the bacon to be "crispy" as it says in its description. On another visit, I had ordered the same thing to go. Same taste, but was a little disappointed in the fact that by the time I got home (10 minutes later), much of my bread had turned a bit soggy due to the dressing they put on it. Maybe next time I should ask for the dressing on the side. 

In an attempt to branch out and try another sub, I ordered the New York Steamer Sub (hehe). Again, YUM-O! The meats on their subs are definitely not sparse, as they pile their meat on a lot more than the bigger sub sandwich chains in town (ubway-Say and ort-of-subs-Pay) :D.  Also, their meats are very juicy! Any time you can describe something as meaty and juicy is GREAT in my book! ;)

Oh, and any place that is equipped with the soda machine that they have, has automatic brownie points from me! 120+ flavors of beverages out of one machine?! My only desire was to have the ability to sample each flavor in one sitting! I absolutely love the Peach Sprite. Mmmmm...

Closest thing to Earl of Sandwich in my opinion, and definitely more bang for your buck.
Meats seem to have very little flavor. I got the Italian sub cold and all I could taste was the ham and the overly sweet Italian dressing. I pulled the pepperoni and the salami off separately to taste them. The the pepperoni was completely without flavor and the salami wasn't far behind. Tried my wife's roast beef and it was the same. Almost no flavor from the meat. For the price I'd expect better quality and flavor.

I will come back however if I ever feel the need to eat flavorless meat. In the mean time I will just go to Jimmie Johns!
Firehouse is giving Jersey Mike's a run for its money as top chain sandwich place in town. 

The place is very open, and there is no cramped feeling, even if there was a ton of people in there. 

I ordered the NY Steamer sandwich, and is a very high-quality sub. I did get the sandwich "Fully involved". The brisket & pastrami combo was outstanding. The cole slaw on top was the icing on the cake! I did get the foot long Large sub, which is $2.00 more. Well worth the couple bucks. 

The famous soda machine has over 120 soda styles. I did get a peach-cherry Mello Yello. Peach soda is awesome!

Will be back soon, and will order the brisket & cheddar large sub next time.
Yesterday, I was in need of a quick dinner.  The answer was to try one of the new Firehouse Subs that have been opened recently.  

I looked at the menu online so I had some idea of what I would order.  I got a small tuna and a small engineer.  I saw the magic Coke machine but since I was taking the subs home, I didn't try it out.  Also, I had Holly C.'s admonition about the flavored syrups, so that factored into my decision.

My wife and I both enjoyed our subs.  They were very tasty and the price is good.  I'll be returning and try something else, and yes, I will hit up that Coke machine.  No one was using it when I was there yesterday.
This place sold me when i saw the soda machine, how terrible.
No really, so its one of those like at five guys too, where it has a touch screen, and i dunno like 12 soda choices, then once you choose one, you can then choose an offbeat flavor,like peach in your sprite or strawberry. 
On to the subs-I always order italian with everything on it, and if you get a combo you get a fabulous soda and pick a bag of chips. I freakin love italian subs, and being that this place is in my work complex, well i just can't stay away!!! a bit pricey, but with the stellar sub and awesome soda variety, i just don't care!!!! XD
There's something about sitting and enjoying your sub at Firehouse that makes you want to smile. 

When you walk in, the entire staff looks like they just finished laughing at some great joke and they keep that jolly disposition the entire time.

As for the subs - steaming the meat and cheese works well. The bun never suffers the fate of heat or toasting and stays soft and fresh down to the last bite.

As far as subs go, Firehouse fits me just perfectly.
First time here, the wife and I split a "Club on a Sub".  It was very good, unlike other sub shops when we asked for black olives they gave us a lot, not three little slices!  They have the 120+ drink machine here as well which is a nice twist.  The final note that will definitely bring me back is the fact that they PROUDLY FLY AN AMERICAN FLAG in their establishment.  The boys devoured their food and we will definitely be back!
This Firehouse Subs is delicious! I like how the staff greet you as you come in.

My favs are the"Meatball" and the "Hook and Ladder". If you like it spicy then when ordering the meatball say "make it sweet and spicy" it is so good!
The "H&L" was for sure my fav.

You can order online! They have a small patio area where you can sit outside and eat.

I'm so glad we have Firehouse Subs I just love this place.

The decor is cool and it is very clean inside.
I went to eat at this location after driving by once to try it out. It wasn't bad, I had the 8" steak & cheese sandwich combo with sauteed mushrooms and sauteed onions. Next time I will get something with some spice, since they had a cabinet full of different hot sauces.
I discovered Firehouse Subs a few years ago and I've been a fan since. So what has suddenly inspired me to review this particular location? Simple.

(1) I LOVE the touch screen Coca-Cola machine that dispenses 120+ flavors of Coke products. We didn't spend a ton of time perusing the selection, but we noticed they had Fanta Zero (something I didn't know existed). We ended up going with non-diet Fanta Grape. I'm not usually a fan of grape soda, but I'm apparently a Fanta Grape fan!

(2) I LOVE their awesome selection of sauces. Sure they're just bottled sauces, but the selection is staggering. I picked out a berry chipotle, a raspberry jalapeno, and a BBQ sauce that comes from Lynchburg, TN (the town where Jack Daniel's Distillery is located). Firehouse Subs makes delicious hero sandwiches as it is, but it's nice to be able to kick them up with unique sauces you've never heard of.
Got a few subs there and they were great. The subs were filled with meat and the large subs were footlong size. That might be a problem if you're used to Capriottis or Jersey Mike's and their huge 18" subs, but these footlongs were only $8 and there was a lot of meat in them. Definitely not like Subway where half your sub is veggies with a couple of spoons of meat. 

The taste was good. The brisket sub was well seasoned and the bbq sauce had nice flavor. The bread was nice and they give you a pickle on the side. Very good quality for the price. 

They also have a lot of different sauces in this rack near the counter and have an HDTV that was on ESPN which is nice if you eat inside the restaurant. It's in a nice neighborhood as well.
My boyfriend was really excited when he saw Firehouse Subs so of course we went in for lunch one day. It was a firefighter theme because duh, it was founded by firemen. 

Their sandwiches are delicious and flavorful however it was a little on the expensive side. Two combos (chips and a pretty big sized drink included) can run you up to $20. So about $8 a combo plus tax!?! Yeah.....=/ in this economy...hmm. Speaking of drinks, we LOVED the soda machine where you can mix and match your favorite soda to your favorite syrup. This is probably one of the few places I can get my Vanilla Coke. =) Mmmm yumm!!!!!

But I do believe the saying, "you get what you paid for." $$=good sandwiches. It definitely beats Subway on the tastebud side but Firehouse Subs is not for heath-conscious folks. After you eat your sandwich, make sure you keep active the rest of your day. Cuz these sandwiches rank up some pretty big numbers in calories I'm sure.
Great subs and my daughter loved the hat
I LOVE this place.  Their prices are great and the sandwiches are AMAZING.

My favorite is the Hook n Ladder.  My least favorite is the tuna (YUCK!!!)

They give you lots of meat on the sub. Take that, Subway!

The one thing I don't like about the place is how the employees are forced to yell "Welcome to Firehouse!" every time someone walks in.  It makes me really uncomfortable because I know they are only saying it because they have to.
Good sandwich, busy location.  The soda machine was the main attraction.  You can mix any type of Coca-Cola product with any type of flavorings.  It really is cool bust sometimes it has a very long line to get a drink. 

Sandwich was good but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  Parking was easy and ambiance is nice.  Basic sandwich shop stuff with extraordinary soda machine.  Good, could be better.
Excellent sandwiches!

I haven't stepped into a Subway or Quiznos for ages...but when I crave a great sandwich at fast food prices, this is the solid choice.

The quality blows away the other guys, and the taste is amazing.  Portions are large, but most importantly, you get great bang for your buck.

Go for it!
Good Hotsub and really fun soda machine.
I was looking for a different lunch place and found this on Yelp. I have never been to a Firehouse Subs before. The staff was very helpful and they help me make the right choice. I chose the new brisket sandwich and let me tell you it was oh so good! Probably one of the best sandwiches I have had recently. I can't wait to return to this place. Yum all the way around..
Whoot! SUBS! I love sandwiches. I love bread. I'm a fatty. They have an awesome veggie sub here full of delicious tomatoes, onions, peppers, olives, and mushrooms! Yeah and lettuce and that stuff, but MUSHROOMS! They usually put mayo on it with oils, but I opt out of that, just doesn't seem necessary to me. Not only do they have really great bread too (gah! so good!) but they give you a pickle! PICKLES! Any place that just hands you a pickle with your food is alright with me.
I am now addicted to this place!! Hot subs that aren't too crunchy or hard? Check! Fresh fixings? Check! Lots of meat? Check!  Awesome soda machine with over 100 flavor combinations? Double check!  And a friendly atmosphere with very nice employees? Yep- check to that too!

I am stuck on the "Engineer" sub (all of the subs have fire station themed names), with turkey, cheese, sauteed mushrooms, mayo, lettuce and tomato (all subs come with lettuce, tomato, mayo, mustard, onion, and a dill pickle on the side, so be sure to ask to have the items you don't like taken off).  

It takes a little longer than Subway or the like for them to prepare it, but for the quality, I am willing to wait.  

Bravo, Firehouse Subs!
Second time at this location same experience, four employees goofing around and one wishing they could be but were bothered with making my sandwich.  Ordered the Italian and it had to have a bottle of dressing on it. Couldn't finish it and won't be going back for a third time.
Got a coupon and thought I'd try it. Called in the order. When I arrived 10 minutes laterI was surprised it was ready. The staff was friendly and helpful. I got the large steak & cheese sandwich and a small one for my daughter. Surprised it was really good except when we got home and opened it the bottom bread was soggy. Didn't stop us from eating it but would have been better if the bread wasn't soggy. My wife had the pastrami sandwich. It need some work. Not the best. I'd stick with the steak and cheese. Liked it that they had all these different bbq & hot sauces you can try. Will be back to try other sandwiches.
Been to FS a few times and this past visit made me realize I am hooked on the New York Steamer!  Mmm, that hot, tender beef brisket and pastrami calls to me.  The melted provolone pulls away in those strings of cheese that you wrap around your finger to help it get into your mouth with each savory bite.  I never have it with the Italian dressing because I think that distracts from the smoky flavor of the meat and I don't care for soppy bread.  Stopped in at a perfect time, a little before dinner hour, so the servers were very at ease and attentive.  It can get frenzied during the lunch rush, so call ahead if you don't want to be kept waiting.
I'm  FOODIE and found this place while driving in Summerlin.  All of the employees were so kind, said hello when I walked in, and actually got my order correct.  One of my favorite things is the various sodas offered with just a click of a button.  Can't wait to see more FS locations in Vegas.
WOW... It hasn't been that long since I wrote my last review for Firehouse Subs, but I have to write an update already!!! The customer service here is absolutely AMAZING!!! I've become quite the frequent customer here, coming by for lunch once or twice a week, and the employees are SO friendly, polite, and attentive. I wish more places were like this! Many of them know me by name, they know my order, and if I step out to the grocery store and return, they will walk my order to me at the door! WOW! I don't know anywhere else that will do that.  The manager and I had a great talk today, and he even read my Yelp review! :)

As always, the subs are delicious, warm, meaty, and well-prepared. I am definitely hooked on Firehouse!!!
wow! condiments galore! I've never seen so many sauces in one place :P

this was my first time experiencing this chain restaurant. I love how their rolls are made! You get a non messy perfect ratio of meat and bread in every bite!

Overall both my husband and I enjoyed our sandwiches and I will definitely come back.
I'm a fan of this place and I don't really love subs.. so I think that should count for something. There is just something about their subs, there are pretty flavorishhhh !! the place is usually very clean, reasonable prices and the best part is their soda machine!!!  They  have a million coke choices so you can be super creative if you want to...
Oh, and the tip of the day is..... If you have kids or you still have your inner kid, make sure to ask for a fireman hat!! There are pretty awesome
Great service great food!! Nothing more to say! Very consistent have eaten here dozens of times
Pleasantly surprised! We hadn't planned on going here for lunch but after the first two places we went to turned out to be closed, we went here after starvation kicked in.
Our subs were delicious and made correctly and the staff was super friendly and helpful.
I got the cornbeef sandwich. One of the tastiest sandwiches I've had in a while. Just the right amount of meat. I don't like too much meat or too little. Everything tasted fresh and good. It was so good I had to come back the next day. This time I ordered the sweet and spicy meatball. It reminds me of a pizza but in a sandwich. :)

Customer service is excellent. I was greeted immediately with a smile. The place looks clean too.

I'll be back again.
Hook and ladder hot sandwich was to die for. Love this place. Also the hot Italian was deelicious. Will eat here again. Very reasonable prices and great tasting sandwiches.
damn good sub, but 30 minutes to wait AFTER ordering is too long!  yeah it was a busy day, but still....
Love this place. Employees always friendly. service is great.
This is my go-to meal for a quick lunch or dinner option! It's flavorful, fresh, and filling!

I love the sandwich sizes, their pickles, the free kids fire hats, and their philanthropic donations. It's a little pricey compared to their competition, but I'll pay more for quality and convenience. 

All that's missing is a Dalmatian tied to a fire hydrant outside their front door.
I love this place. I'm a sandwich fanatic and these guys do it right. And what gives this place an extra star is the nice selection of hot sauces to spice things up. Each location seems to vary in selection, but it's always fun to try new ones.
I came here for my free birthday sub, so I won't be commenting on the value. I got a powerade with it, so I paid 2 bucks for a drink and a medium sub haha

I was, however, pretty impressed with the place. They were really efficient, they were very friendly (said hello to everyone that worked in the store), and got me in and out in about 10 minutes. 

I got the philly cheese steak, and that was really good. I loaded it up including mushrooms, and it was a perfect treat for my birthday lunch. I also saw that they have one of those 120+ soft drink machines from Coke. I had heard about them, but never used one myself, and almost bought a soft drink just to play with it.

Overall I liked the sandwich, the service was great, and I will be back next time I'm looking to a get a sub.
I have been to this location dozens of times and on this visit the service was downright horrible. No greetings to any customers. Kids on the line touching their face and hair.

At least 30% of the meat on my small sandwich was fat. I've never experienced such poor quality meat at any Firehouse and believe that it should not have been served. I was told that "sometimes that just how the meat is."

I discussed the poor service and negative atmosphere with shift manager and received a quick unauthentic apology with no remedy.

I refuse to patronize businesses that don't appreciate their customers and provide quality service. I will not be returning up this location.
Still lovin that New York Steamer.   Can't review anything else on the menu since I am stuck on that hot and savory pastrami and brisket sub.  If it ain't broke,  not fixing it.  Happy to be hooked.
Great service. When calling in orders it is always ready right in time. Great when u are in a hurry. Their meatball sub is a family favorite. Salads are always crisp and full of vegetables. I highly recommend eating here or ordering from here when you are in a rush.
Randomly changing it up from Subway...and I had a coupon :o) Thank goodness for the coupon...
Had the Chipotle Philly--yummy! Cheesey and meaty, included onions and peppers. There was another option with jalapenos and shrooms that sounded pretty good too. Choice of wheat or white bread and they slice the meat right there.
Since it was a hot sub, I ended up waiting about 5-10 minutes from when I paid. 
Here's why I thank the coupon--$7 for the sammich! Not the meal, just the sammy. I understand that not everywhere has a $5 footlong, but for the meal, you're approaching $9/$10. Seems kinda steep for a sammich, a bag o chips, and a drink. But, there were numerous people in there, so maybe that's just me. 
Employees: a couple of them were really nice (and apologized for the wait), one of them not so much. Kinda made me feel like I had to apologize for coming in and that it was a pain to ring up my order. Same goes with customers, but they don't have any control over those...
I love the chipotle mayo on mycheesesteak.
Great food great service
First off, I really hoped I would like this place, because I crave good sandwiches, and I absolutely hate Subway.  

My daughter said she was done with over half a sandwich left, I was just like, "There's no way you're telling me you're full off of a couple of bites."  

She leaned over and whispered, "It's not good, take a bite and see for yourself."  I did, and it was disgusting.  We think it was the mayo; it tasted like formaldehyde, which brought back dissecting memories from childhood, I almost puked.  I spit my bite out and told her to throw it away.  

I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak.  The guy behind the counter was very friendly, talking about how their cheesesteaks are the best and win awards.  I tried it, and it was pretty bad, I couldn't even finish my sandwich.  After a few bites, I threw mine away as well.

Unfortunately, we didn't like it and would not go back.
I had no idea this place was hidden next to It's a Grind Coffeehouse and the shopping mall that it's in. No wonder I keep driving by it and never see it!

I ordered online, this was the first time that I've ever ordered food online and had to pay before I went in. (Usually there is an option for paying right then or when you pick up).. I had a coupon for 'a free drink and chips with the purchase of a regular sandwich' as well, but couldn't find anywhere to input that coupon on their site, so I just paid for the whole total and decided to bring in the coupon when I get there..

I order the Italian and Tuna sandwiches for me and my better half.. I have never seen so much oil and vinegar (?) added by default to sandwiches as I came in and watched they create another customer's sandwich. As I went to pick up my order, I mentioned my coupon and they seemed caught off by it, but they eventually were able to refund me for the difference. Interesting bread, almost too salty but I consumed it quickly since I love salt. Oil added was a little overwhelming, but I still liked the sandwich overall. 

I would come back again to try other sandwiches on their menu, but I think I will stay away from their website for ordering if I have any coupons to use. I would say 3.5 but I'll up the stars since I believe it's a fairly new location.
Seriously soo good. They make your sandwich huge and use really fresh ingredients. So much better than Subway or Jimmy Johns!! Get the sweet peppers on top!
Usually in a sub shop you get to choose your toppings! Not necessarily so here. Went in with a friend. Ordered Club Sub in a tub. Pretty good salad. Also ordered a Cheesesteak. Place was packed with a line heading to the door. Thought that meant good things. Actually meant they move at a snails pace. Got to the register to pay and never saw them start to make the cheesesteak. That's because it was premade, wrapped in foil. 3 times the cashier tried to ring me up for my tub and the sub ordered by the guy behind me in line. That's because she couldn't find my cheesesteak either!  Finally the sub appeared from a shelf or drawer below the counter. When I tried to order fountain drinks I was told "no ice today".  Hmmmm....105 degrees outside.  Ice would have been nice in my drink.  Maybe this was a bad day at JM's.  Might try it again..........might not.
Finally decided to try this place out since its next to my coffee place.  I though it was pretty good and the service was quick and friendly.  They were pretty busy and the place was clean too. I got the Jersey Shores Favorite and thought it was pretty good and I liked that they sliced the meat right then and there.....no opening the package in front of you like another sandwich place!  I will definitely be back!
My boyfriend and I stopped in for some subs one night. We had a coupon and it was a good deal. The place is clean, the staff are very friendly, and the food was pretty good. The bacon on my sandwich was actually crispy which I don't often find at other sub shops. The guy who rang me up at the cash register was super nice. He threw in a couple free cookies when I told him it was our first time there which was pretty cool. I think more places could benefit from having someone like him working with customers. All in all, I will be back!
Look, honestly the place has nice subs. Perhaps the sub itself can go toe-to-toe with that of Subway. The menu, however, needs to be expanded. There are a limited amount of subs available, and even though you can create your own the selection is still limited. I hate to turn this review into a "Jersey Mikes vs Subway" but I can't help it! I'd (3) things about Jersey Mikes stands out to me in comparison to Subway: your choice of cold wraps, the hot subs don't fall apart right away, and the subs are larger (and accommodate more items).

The joint itself is nothing special, although having three TVs can definitely work for some people.

NOTE TO OWNER(S): Expand your menu and we can be friends.
I had heard good things about the sandwiches here. When I told the guy behind the counter that it was my first visit he gave me a free cookie. Bonus!  Overall great sandwich combo. Two thumbs way up!
The place is clean.   3 guys working there, two guys at counter pretty cool.  One cleaning the tables a total whiner in front of customers.  Got the italian.  Ok its no Subway.  Whoever compared it to Subway is not even close.  The sandwich is like Chompies but WAY SALTY.  I think its in the shaker they shook on it.  Verdict is still out as the salt is still overwelming.   I think I just need to supervise the kids making it.
This was my first time. I was very pleased with the service, food and the value. The bread is soft with just enough firmness to hold this monster together. The meat is sliced fresh for your order. They have a great vinegar oil mix that compliments the sandwich well. I wil be Namco for more.
I love Jersey Mikes! This location is right near my work, and i have been very satisfied with it. The reason i am giving it a good review is because the employees are always very nice and helpful, and the food is always awesome. The reason i only gave 4 stars instead of 5, is because sometimes the amounts of condiments that you order can vary from employee to employee. I would definitely give it a 5 star review if they had more consistency there.
I actually went to the new location off Val Vista and baseline. I had the grilled pastrami Reuben and paired it with jalapeo chips. Great combo, delicious pastrami, good sauerkraut on top. I wish they put Dijon on it instead of thousand island (which I didn't taste really) but still a good sub.  I'd come back to try a few others.
mehh........sandwich wasnt horrible but they could be using better quality lunch meat it tasted like prepackaged lunch meat from the supermarket
I have been coming to this location for a year or so. Literally a staple for me 3-4 days a week. Now after moving to Safford I literally dream of this place. Fresh meats, fresh cheeses, fresh bread, how can you go wrong? The employees here are phenomenal. Every time I am back in the valley I will be here.
After a long afternoon out shopping, my fianc and I decided to stop into the recently opened Jersey Mike's for a quick bite. We'd both heard rave reviews about this place from his sister in-law who frequents it out in the East valley.  We were looking forward to finally trying it out for ourselves.

The restaurant is in a neat little corner plaza surrounded by other great eateries, all of which share a really great courtyard patio with lots of community-style seating.  We entered the establishment from the courtyard, which is technically the back of the shop, and walked in to see what was in store for us.  The place was clean and brightly lit, with music blaring from the speakers.  It was definitely too loud, as we had to fight to not only hear each other, but also the people at the counter.  After we were greeted, I had to ask the counter people to repeat everything at least twice.  Not good, especially when my fianc overheard a girl on the prep line say to another customer that she couldn't hear what they said on account of the music.  After we decided on our sandwiches, we placed our orders and moved through the line.  I ordered a hot sub, the chipotle Philly chicken cheesesteak (or something to that effect) and my fiance ordered a turkey & provolone.  We were handed a ticket which only had my order written on it and it took us a minute to figure out they only write the hot sub orders and have you go through the assembly line for cold subs.  It took a while to get through the line; there was one girl adding toppings to the cold subs, one guy standing by waiting to wrap the finished subs in paper, and another girl running the register.  In addition, one woman was running the hot sub station on her own, the manager-type was taking cold sub orders, and another guy was mopping the floor (Really? With customers in the store?).  Something happened at the register, and I had to stand there for ten minutes waiting for my receipt.  By that time, we had my fianc's sub but were still waiting for mine.  The woman running the hot station started calling the name Roger. When no one responded to that name, she came out onto the floor and started asking everyone personally if they were Roger.  She just kind of stood there looking confused, so I thought to ask her what kind of sub she had prepared.  Turns out, it was my sub.  The name we had given, which was also on the ticket, was Bryan.  Yeah, not even close.  By that point, we'd been in there for close to 20 minutes and were very underwhelmed by the service we'd been given.  We took our food home to (hopefully) enjoy it.

The subs weren't bad.  They weren't great, either.  I expected my hot sub to be full of flavor and spice, but instead it was just a chicken sub with peppers, a bit too much cheese, and not much in the way of the chipotle mayo that should have been on it.  Bryan's turkey and provolone wasn't anything to write home about.  The bread on both of our sandwiches was average - soft all around and soggy with all of the condiments.  Neither came close to being as great as Jimmy John's, and for what I paid, I would go to Subway over Jersey Mike's.  I really hope this place makes some improvements to their customer service, and at the very least, they should turn down the music a few notches - that might help with the communication issues.
I stopped by this location at 11:30 on a Friday, before the lunch hour- or so I thought... This place was PACKED full of customers in line. The line was concert waiting long, really. As I was looking around to decide to stay or go, I noticed they were fully staffed, and the line was, well- moving. Upon closer inspection, it was moving very well. To help expedite the line, an employee came out from the counter and asked if anyone was ordering a hot sub, and he began taking those orders, and getting them started, which thinned the line quite a bit.

When I got to the counter, I was greeted warmly. I placed my order, picked my toppings and went to pay. Each employee was very nice, and the cashier and I were even joking back and forth, and it was really nice. It wasn't forced corporate speak, they were just nice and seemed excited about their product.

The sammie was very good, and while not as good as a Mom & Pop deli, it was good and the bread actually appeared as though it had seen an oven. The meat is sliced fresh (cannot understand why people eat at Subway, where it just sits, pre-sliced, for days). The veggies and condiments are fresh and plentiful.

Tips for success:
-Carpool. This parking lot is very tight- no joke.
-While  in line, check out the menu. It's silly to wait five minutes to order, and THEN look at the big menu and go 'Uhhh, uhhh, I think I want........ uhh......."
-"Mike's Way" is basically most of the toppings, there are signs that explain it
-Call ahead or email your order, saves time

Enjoy!
Great service, prompt quick and really great food.
Welcome to Downtown!  Finally a little area with a few great chains.  They also have PARKING!  The parking is located on the east or south side of the building.  We grabbed Jersey Mike's on a Sunday afternoon and took it home to eat.  They are the best subs we have had.  They are packed with meat and cheese.  Might be little pricier then blimpie, but with it due to the over load of meat!
 Check out a Jersey Mike's near you!
Love this place. Nice employees, fast service. I love the sense of urgency in a fast food restaurant. The sandwiches are filling and delicious. Their salads are also hefty, that makes me happy because sometimes salads are small because the company thinks you don't want to eat a lot because youre ordering a salad, not here.
Huge fan of Jersey Mikes. This location opened a few months ago and is always booming! The bread is fresh, the meat and cheese it cut to order and the vegetables are crisp and perfect. The service has been great every time I've been. I always order my sammy Mike's way: lettuce, tomato, onion, oil, vinegar and seasoning. Just a killer sandwich shop....I'm a believer!
The subs were a little more money than Subway but worth the price.  

This place is in a new urban development that looks great. However, this restaurant is a bit noisy and the staff had to yell to get my order (I personally don't like getting yelled at before I eat... I need soft, calm voices).  WHAT DO YOU WANT TO ORDER!!! I'll take a soft and calm sub please. 

The food was great, the bread was my favorite because it was fresh and very soft (fluffy clouds from heaven); I'll be back.
What can I say? I am really impressed by their business, last week we got two regular subs, when we got home we noticed that it seemed to be lacking in meat and the cheese was non-existent on one and paper thin on the other. The subs were still good, but it was disappointing and I sent my concern off to Jersey Mike's. Within a couple of hours the manager of the location I had this experience called me.

She offered to treat my family to a sub dinner for our trouble. That is obvious commitment to quality service. The subs were fantastic this time. Turns out they were actually having issues with the slicer the day I went. 

They will get my business again, their subs are tasty, with quality ingredients, and they are committed to customer service. Yes their prices are a bit higher then a place like subway, but you do get what you pay for!
Let me preface this review by stating that I have been to Jersey MIkes before and actually quite enjoy the food. My review is more or less in regards to the service. My coworker and I went here for lunch and this was the first time she had ever been to Jersey MIkes and it was my first time at this location. 
When I placed my order I had forgotten that there was such thing as "Mikes way" and let me tell you that the lady creating the sandwiches let me know. I asked for a #6 with lettuce, tomatoes, oil and vinegar, salt and pepper and when I stated this the lady behind the counter rudely stated "you mean mikes way" I said sure but I did not want onions and she said even louder this time "so you mean mikes way without the onions.," again I said sure. I then stated that I did not want oregano. There was an order right after mine which was a #6 as well except this time the oder came with onions and oregano.  At this point my sandwich was fine, but then when the woman began putting oregano on the sandwiches she went down the whole line (including mine) and put oregano on each one. I told her that was not what I ordered and rather than either starting over or taking off the lettuce which now had oregano all over it, she proceeded to swap my sandwich with the one behind mine, forgetting that that one had onions. I told the woman that I didnt want onions either and she looked up at me and gave me the rudest look from a restaurant employee I have ever seen. She the proceeded to take off the layer of lettuce and replace everything without oregano. The only thing that I can say for the service of this place were the two people checking people out who commented on my earrings (which made my day) and then guy cleaning the counter who was on his first day on the job, I can do with out the rude sandwich lady.
For a chain sandwich shop this place is awesome. I have eaten there many times and have  never been disappointed. Service is quick and friendly too. I prefer the Italian sub and often doctor up a cheese steak with my won toppings but the Big Kahuna cheese steak is good too. The pepper relish they have for cold subs is really good and they don't skimp if you ask for more. Lastly, they have excellent, consistently fresh iced tea and a loyalty program that gives you freebies and good coupons. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because the parking situation during the lunch and, to a lesser extent, the dinner rush is a nightmare.
I ordered the Caesar Chicken wrap expecting a Caesar type salad in a wrap, what I got was diced chicken with iceberge lettuce and very little Caesar dressing, no parmasean cheese, no romaine or other greens or veggies, just iceberg lettuce. Very pricey for this simple wrap, close to 8 bucks. My daughter ordered a burger & fries from the burger place two doors down, it was a much better choice.

I've never tried their subs, so I can't rate the subs.
Disappointed.  I'm from Jersey, everybody in my family raves about Jersey Mikes and they are all in Jersey.  First off,  I ordered the Italian sub that comes with the works (5 different meats) and is supposed to come with provolone.  Got home to Buckeye to learn there was no provolone on my sandwich.  That throws the taste of an Italian sub off, period.  My second disappointment was the meat.  The franchise contracts out to a provisioner to make all their cold cuts under the Jersey Mike's label, but the meat does not have the flavor of New Jersey's finest deli meats, Thumann's. Boar's Head doesn't come in close to Thumann's but I'll take Boar's Head when nothing else is available. Third place goes to Dietz and Watson.  If Peter Cancro, the CEO of Mike's really cares, he'll get his meat elsewhere. 

The staff was very friendly, the restaurant was clean, there were blown up photos of the Pt. Pleasant side of the Manasquan Inlet and Jenk's pier with surfers heading out, a nice touch of back home, but that's the best I can say.  The staff was so personable I don't regret leaving them a tip even though they forgot my cheese.  I just wish I had a good reason to go back and see them again.
Tried this place for the first time and got their version of an Italian. The ingredients quality was fine enough but I gotta say their Italian is nothing more than just a ham sandwich. If I wanted a ham sandwich I would have ordered just that. Where is the salami Mike?  If you want a real Italian Sub ladies and gents head up to 16th St & Bethany Home Rd. to Niccoli's and get it done right!
would have been a five based on food- excellent cheesesteak. The blond haired female employee behind the counter was a bit brusque and unfriendly.
Best Philly cheesesteak. Service greatly improved. They have gotten it together.
What can I say?  The sandwiches are incredible!  A friend told me about this chain and it's now my favorite place for a great sub.  Great taste, friendly staff and...free cookies!

A little on the expensive side but well worth it
The best subs i have ever had going back before we leave for home. When we get home open one up so i can get subs on the regular. Portland needs one sub shop to rule them all!
I have to order lunch for work meetings quite a bit, I'm always looking for good food that is a crowd pleaser. I tend to order online (easy!) and pick up the next day. The customer service has always been upbeat and they have been great about my requests (oil/vinegar on the side, that way the subs don't get soggy on the drive back to the office) - they even got me signed up for their loyalty card and I've earned a free sub.

Also, they are great about wrapping the veggie sub separate from the meat subs. This puts me at ease presenting the food to guests and coworkers. Also, the subs come labeled in a cute box. So be sure to consider the box of subs for your next office meeting or party of ten.
Food reviews are sometimes about timing but I stopped by with a friend for lunch. Location was well located if you live in Central Phoenix, but it's the food that matters and really all I can rate it is a "meh". Growing up in Europe (call me a sandwich snob) I have yet t go to a place that serves the same quality bread and baguettes that one finds in Europe and would rank Dilly's Deli and Sacks, Sliver Mine subs or even Port of Subs above Jersey Mike's. Only the cardboard tasting bread of a Subway ranks below it imho. I wanted to like it but the bread was very similar to Subway, very light in flavor and not too good. If size matters (I did get the 15 inch one, and had it for lunch and dinner, but wouldn't call it a great value either). The ingredients were decent but when it comes to restaurants, or even fast food if you want to call it that, I want to leave wanting to come back. With Jersey Mike's, I didn't get this. Edible and ok if I had to , but not only my "to go" list for sandwiches.
Craving an east coast style sub, then this is your place!

Freshly baked bread and cold cuts sliced to order with your choice of toppings, or just try it "Mike's Way!"  The only place I have found that has cherry pepper relish (a staple on east coast subs), which gives it the "taste of home" for this former east coaster.

The place is located with several other restaurants and parking can be a challenge if you don't get there early.

Reward program available...
Got terrible service and attitude from zombies behind the counter.  The food is good just don't expect any with a brain stem to help you out.  At least they they so stupid they under charged me.... at least that's a plus.
Now these guys make a mean sub. Quality is top notch. Service is quick and place is well layer out. Only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is the parking situation is the worst. The lot is for a bunch of businesses but is way to small. Trying to get in or out is like a scenario out of a mad max movie.
Early on, I asked City Market why they weren't on Yelp.  The immediate reply was, "What is Yelp?"  After trying to explain everything that Yelp is, I was given the brush off.  And now they are promoting some kind off Yelp wannabe.  Well, too bad City Market, I've added you to Yelp and this is your review.  I even added a business photo; it's not bad.

The sandwiches are good and there's a nice variety.  They run daily specials with a drink, and the menu is presented on flat screen TVs.  And not too long ago they dropped their prices.  Bores Head products are a big deal.   They also offer some convenience store items.  The main reason I go is because it is about forty feet from my office.  Everyone goes to City Market when time is short or they are being lazy.

City Market is located In SkySong, and isn't visible from the street.  Other than the denizens of SkySong, I wonder who else comes, especially with the delay of a page on Yelp.
This is a great place to get lunch if you work in Camelback village. The owner remembers the repeat customer's names, they make good food, and the prices are reasonable. Overall always a great experience!
Reliably good for breakfast, lunch, coffee or catering. My favorite is the Chicago Dog - excellent! One time they even reheated food we had purchased from another caterer. Highly recommended!
Typical Jimmy Johns.  Great subs. Fast friendly service.
Good food, good value, fast service.
This place is so slow. Easily the slowest Jimmy johns I've ever been to. It seems very disorganized.
I am a huge fan of this location and the menu. The manager is often in the store and the one time I brought a friend and she did not like her sub, her remade it for her on the spot and she said it was fabulous. They handle big crowds easily, the space is clean and well thought out, the bread and meat is always fresh -- never that chipped, pressed stuff you get at like a Firehouse subs. I have had both hot and cold sandwiches and they do both fabulously. And I love the seasoning that is included when you order "Mike's Way" -- it is not something I would think I would love, but it is awesome on cold subs. On your first visit they give you a free cookie, which makes kids so happy! I think by keeping the menu classic and simple, they keep the quality high. Two things I do wish would change: I am not a fan of Pepsi, so I wish they would get new drinks and I think their chip selection is sort of odd, but I rarely order them, so that is a good thing.
Average. The one on Chandler seemed much better.
Jersey Mike's, in general, is pretty decent for a regular sandwich place. This is my irate trip to this location for lunch an it's busy. I mean, pretty busy. So, no issues with the chain. One thing I did learn is that they will make ANY of the subs hot!!! What??!?!? Nice.
Was in this shopping center for another reason and was hungry, so I decided to stop in Jersey Mike's.  I've been in this one before, but it's been probably a year.  

First, the sandwich was fine.  Very expensive, though. $8.05 (including tax) for a regular sized sandwich.  If that was the only problem, 3 stars.  

However, there were two things about the experience I didn't like at all.  The first was the machine (which looked new) used to swipe my debit card.  Before you can swipe, a screen pops up with pre-calculated tip amounts on it (10%, 15%, and 20%) and a small button off by itself reading "no tip".  How obnoxious.  Why would I want to tip someone who spent 2 minutes making a sandwich for me and other than me telling him what sandwich I wanted, had nothing else to say?  No, I'll save my 20% tips for my sit down restaurants and wait staff that actually talk to me, served me my food and refilled my water.  Sorry, asking for a tip on my debit card screen for making my sandwich was obnoxious.

Second, the woman who rung me up was unfriendly and blurted out the instructions so fast for paging through the two stupid screens before I could swipe my card that I couldn't understand a word she said. So, I asked her to repeat herself, and once again, she very quickly (like a rehearsed script) did it again - and faced away from me while doing so.  She seemed like she couldn't wait to get me out of there so she could go on break.

Anyway, there are far better choices all over the Chandler area for sandwiches (Planet Sub, Jimmy Johns, Firehouse, Which Wich to name a few).  Next time, I'll just drive the extra mile or two and go to one of these places.
Love, love, love Jersey Mike's subs. I would love to say that I've had a variety of their sandwiches, but I always have to go with the Original Italian - Mike's Way with mayo. Red pepper relish on the side.  The people that work at this location are very friendly as well. Yummmmm sandwiches :)
Good quality food at an ok price. I don't come here too often simply because of the price but when I'm ready to spoil myself I come here. Love their bread and quality of food
Contrary to the name of this establishment, this place also sells turkey as well (for my Jewish friends). I honestly think they have one of the best sandwiches around. They offer a lot of different sandwiches on the menu and for lunch, you can make it a half sandwich + side (soup, chips, or potato salad, etc) + drink combo for less than 8-9 dollars. I usually get the Southwestern turkey melt which is stuffed with turkey, pepperoncini, lettuce, tomato, and red onions. 

They also have a fair amount of coupon deals going on where you can get a lunch combo for less than 6 dollars. Another plus is that they offer free samples and you can order feasts for holidays.
Who doesn't like Honey Baked Ham?

I thought this is where you bought whole hams for holidays, never knew it had a Cafe inside.

Glad we stopped in.

I had a classic ham sandwich with soup. Bother were awesome! Price was a little higher than other places, but I didn't feel like it was too high considering the quality of the food.

I was disappointed in the fact that they were having problems with the soda machine. When we told them about it they said they knew about it already. I would of thought if it was an ongoing problem them should fix it rather than leave it that way. It was the Coke, Mr. Pibb, and Diet coke. That's a shame. I would have added a star if that would of been taken care of in the 30 minutes we sat and ate out lunch :/

Food was good,  wish maybe they would shave the ham, or maybe thinner so it's not so big on the sandwich.

We will come back again and see if any changes are made :)
The meatloaf sucks!

We love their ham, sandwiches and sides, but  yesterday my wife bought a meatloaf and side of loaded mashed potatoes from Honeybaked Ham.  What a horrible meal.

The meatloaf is dense and has a thick layer of ketchup.  When I say dense, I mean it is about the size and density of a brick.  The taste was not actually bad (once you get past the ketchup), but texture is something I just could not adjust to.

The mashed potatoes -loaded style- had bacon, chunks of potato, and probably sour cream and cheese.  Not suited to my taste. 

I will buy from them again, just will stick to the ham!
Never ate here before but have seen it many times. Today I was craving a sandwich so I stopped in. I want to start off by saying that everyone working was very polite and a pleasure to deal with. I decided on a BLT as I wanted something I usually don't eat. It was very good. Had a lot of bacon on it and the bread was very fresh. I got the combo as a sandwich just never fills me up enough so I chose a side of the macaroni salad which was excellent. Was worth the $8.00 I spent and would for sure come back. Maybe next time I will try the ham!!
Ok I officially love the guys who work here!! Completely amazing customer service!!! I gotta say I can be a pretty picky eater and usually ask to change at least one thing about a menu item. Ya, servers see me and run!!!  I ordered the prime roast beef and they switched out the cheese, bread, and took off the condiments, and even heated it for me!!! All while joking with me and my friend, and they even brought the order over to our table. I wish I could remember their names! My friend ordered one of the ham clubs and he also really liked it. These sandwiches are soo good! And will keep you full all day. I'm coming back for the salads and soup!:)
My employer gave us gift certificates here for Christmas, so my husband and I stopped by for lunch today to use that.  The service was friendly, but slow.  We just ordered two sandwiches which were tasty.  I got the classic turkey, and my husband got the classic ham. They were really sweet I think due to the "honey" glaze and sweet mustard.  Would I pay $9 for a combo here again? Probably not. But it was a nice, clean place to try for lunch.  I didn't like how their sides were all pre-packaged. I thought they'd make them fresh there, but I guess not.
Well, you had to expect this place to use real turkey and they did deliver on that respect. Very well formed sandwich on a bakery roll which was stacked with turkey, honey smoked bacon, onion, tomato and cheese. It would have been over nine bucks without the coupon, but the sides are not homemade, so just the sandwich and a bag of chips should be fine if you need a side. Turkey quality and Bread are usually the keys in all sandwiches and in those regards, this was an excellent sandwich. The prices for the whole sliced turkey and the three servings of sliced turkey are a bit lofty though, so the sandwich is the way to enjoy this place. Oh and yes they are very open to switching buns and condiments as well.
We walked from downtown, 15 minutes, with the idea of taking a cab back, but after a huge Ruben, we couldn't fit in the car. The walk served us well. Very good food and portions. Service was great, and friendly, with knowledgeable staff. Like Paul said, try to avoid the lunch hour. Everyone in the building eats there and it is packed.
My favorite lunch spot. The entire staff is awesome; they even remember my name. Everything is always clean, fast and fresh. I've NEVER had a bad visit (and I've been there a bazillion times.)
Very friendly helpful staff, great muffaletta and gumbo, priced very well..... and dog friendly on patio
Ah, what can I say, Jason's Deli makes a darn fine sandwich.  I ordered a Rueben today as did a few co-workers.  We ordered for delivery.  It took a while but it arrived exactly when they said it would.  I was impressed.  The corned beef was stacked high.  The cheese was well melted.  The sauerkraut was mild.  If I have any complaints it is that the bread was a little on the soggy side by the time it arrived because of the Russian dressing (which I could not taste because it was soaked in to the bread).  Other than that, a dang fine sandwich.  It was filling.  It was flavorful.  I enjoyed it.  The pickle spear and bag of chips on the side were a bonus.  All together, $7.99 for this meal was worth it.  I think next time I would like to try a baked potatoe.  I hear good things.  And I know their chili is good.  Maybe a potatoe with chili is not out of the question.
I've been a Jason's Deli fan for years, having lived in their home state of Texas and enjoyed many of their different sandwiches... This location was close to my hotel on a recent trip to Vegas.

It has been almost impossible to find a Louisiana-style muffaletta in Norcal, so I was only too happy to stuff my face with one here last week. It was delicious, as always! The staff here are friendly and fast, it's clean, and it looks like it can get busy at lunchtime. The only reason I deducted a star is because if you aren't on foot or working in the building, the parking garage is expensive.

I recommend this place... The food is consistently good and with the variety they offer, you're sure to find something you will love, including their super-fresh salad bar. 

And I finally got my Muffy!
A solid lunch option for Downtown-ites.  The place is located on the ground floor of the Molasky Corporate Center, which is also where you park.  (Jason's provides one hour of parking validation, just give the cashier your parking ticket when you pay; each additional half hour is $1.)

It gets really busy during the lunch hour, but I've found that getting there ten minutes early helps beat the lunch time rush.  But even if there's a long line, it moves relatively quickly.

I love that there a ton of different options -- soups, salads, and sandwiches, or if it floats your boat, a giant baked potato.  (The potato is like the size of a small football.)  The variety is especially nice if you're with a big group.  On the downside, it can get pretty loud inside.  

The food is prepped quickly.  But in my opinion, the best thing about Jason's is the soft serve.  Whether it's vanilla, chocolate, or swirled, it's a perfect way to cap off lunch.
My office typically orders Jason's to go, but if you feel like getting out, it's worth it.  Kind of a pain to get to but the salad bar is serious business.  For $7.99, you get unlimited trips to the small, but well-rounded offerings, fluorescent glow included free of charge.  It's not a huge salad bar, but it has everything you need to have a good lunch.  Added bonus:  Captain's Wafers!  Those crackers take me back to childhood!  I would suggest avoiding the patio though, as there is always some vagrant milling about.

If you are not looking for an excuse to be less productive, Jason's delivers ($3 charge I think) and I would recommend the turkey reuben.  Super good and under 550 calories with baked lays and a pickle.
This review is for on item only. When I like a reastaurant, I always have several favorites that I always order. At Jason's Deli, I go exclusively because it is papa time (cue U can't touch this, by MC Hammer).

They have a couple of potatoes on their menu, fo those that do not want to partake in soups, sanddwiches or their salad bar. Mmm starch.

I always order the spud au broc. Imagine, if you will, a potato the size of an adult's head, bathed in a broccoli cheese soup to keep it nice and moist, cheddar, broccoli bacon and green onions. Need I say more?

This is super fattening, stick to your ribs deliciousness. And I order it every time.
Pretty much anything here is outstanding.  I ahve not ever had a sandwich here that was "average, or plain".  They have great ingredient combonations of everything.  In the morning their breakfast taco totally hit the spot.  I recently had one of their baked potato's..holy crap it was huge and I mean huge!!  Loaded up with all the good stuff if you want.  I ate it and wasn't hungry the rest of the day.   Everyone at this Jasons is freindly, the cashier guy is great with each and every person he helps.
If you want a quick lunch, healthy or filled with calories, this is the place for you.  Their food is always fresh, try the new pork tenderloin sandwiches.  Super tasty and healthier than some of the other meats.  The staff is always friendly and most of them recognize me after only a handful of visits.  The soups are great too and they have a larger variety than most sandwich shops including chile and chicken pot pie soup.  

They have a salad bar with fresh ingredients and even give free muffins and crunchy garlic toast out free to all customers.  The soft serve ice cream is also included in your meal if you dine in.  

The price is reasonable and the portions are just right. Goldilocks would be pleased. not to big, not to small.
Really like this place. It's located inside a multi level complex building but is spacious enough inside. The salad bar is always my go to thing, which is always stocked with fresh ingredients and red pepper hummus (my fave!)

There is outside seating, where you can take a peak of downtown and the ongoing traffic down Bonneville. All in all, one of my faves!

P.S. I love to grab my ice cream to go, head up to the 7th floor and sit in the awesome SNWA park area. :) 

Stef
I think I'm starting to become a bigger fan of Jason's. I work nearby and have started coming here more than I used to, mainly becuase I'm seeing more value to eating here besides the convinience. 

They have a great selection of sandwiches, soups and baked potatoes and sometimes I find myself not knowing what to get. I usually go for lunch but stopped by in the morning today (since Cafelatte was closed) and tried a breakfast panini that was absolutely delicous! The bread was grilled to crispy perfection and the egg and bacon were good and not overly greasy. 

During lunch you can eat at the salad bar, which I never have, or order off the menu. All their sandwiches are pretty good and I don't necessarily like one better than the other since all the ones I've had so far were delicious. They also have huge baked potatoes and bowls of soup that are good for the times I don't feel like having a sandwich. Service is wonderful here and even though it can get pretty busy here during lunch, the line seems to move along efficiently. If you dine in, you can even enjoy free soft serve ice cream, which I tend to forget about! Also, if you plan to come here often you can buy a travel mug for $3.99 and get 99 cent soft drink refills anytime you stop in with your mug.
It was my first time here for lunch and it was... Well.... Interesting. Terrible terrible "service" if that's what you want to call it. There was no guidance, I ordered a half sandwich and a salad from the salad bar. The salad bar was great, with fresh, yummy choices. The panini I ordered was amazing!!! Just know when you order, that regular chips mean ruffles and baked chips mean baked lays. Now that I know my way around, and the secrets of how this place works... I'll probably be back soon.
This was my first time to this location and it was amazing as always.  It gets REALLY crowded at lunch time and even though the wait to order may take longer then normal the rest of the place runs better then any Jason's Deli I have been too in this city.

The workers are very friendly and helpful, they work hard and at the busiest part of the day, they keep the tables moving.  When you are finished and leave, your table is cleared and cleaned for the next person almost immediately.

I have never seen a Jason's Deli this well managed and ran.  There is not much they can do about the wait to order as they have everyone available working on taking orders and getting them out. The wait after you order for your food is FAR less then the amount of time to order but again the location of this place only allows them to do the best they can and I guarantee you they are doing the best they can and then some.

If you are in the downtown area, you cannot go wrong with this place.  The selection is varied where you can get something different if you find yourself here often.  Either way, the food is worth the trip and the friendliness of the staff is worth the trip.
This is my favorite JD. It's by to-go place for everyday lunch and by FAR the best everyday option in downtown (yes, I said it. Screw you Le Thai, Eat, and other hip places ).  You can go healthy with soup and salad or go nuts with ice cream and muffins. 

What really makes the difference is the staff. Great customer service! Everyone is always friendly. Place is clean and food quality is consistent. 

Because I go during the week, I usually get soup and salad. The latter is one of the best options for healthy eating. After a while I find it difficult not to get my greens for lunch. Honestly it is the best lunch under $10 ($9.60).  

I think I have been here over 70 times during the last couple of years. 

Lots of bureaucrats, cops, and attorneys!!
I don't think there's a better place for a salad bar than Jason's deli. It's located downtown so it's an easy place to go to for lunch. When you get the salad bar you get everything all the fresh veggies the Redpepper hummis the free corn muffins the chocolate mousse the free ice cream at the end of your meal seriously what could be better?
I have has Jason's before at catered luncheons and always enjoyed it,  but never ate in. Salad bar is a five! Very well stocked with everything you could want! However, I ordered the Mediterranean Wrap and it wasn't very good. The tortilla wrap was too thick/firm and the filling seemed meager. I wouldn't order it again. So disappointed!
I ordered some food for my staff and the dates got mixed up. The manager made it right and made sure we were on track and happy. Quality is always great :)
This place is awesome! I'm sitting down for lunch with my mom. Delicious delicious delicious! And they deliver for breakfast lunch and dinner! Can't wait to eat here again. Their homemade lemonade is great. The Southwest salad is delicious! Great place to go for lunch! Enjoy!
This spot gets it right!
The restaurant itself is nicely decorated and sparkling clean. You order at the counter and then choose your seat. I was SO excited to find out they are dog friendly...it gets better...the patio is not only beautiful (see pic) but it's AIR CONDITIONED! We had breakfast with the 130 puppy and it was very comfortable even with it being 100 degrees outside.
Now the food. The first time I had the special quiche. When it arrived I was concerned about the small portion, but once I tasted it I realized great food can come in small packages. You can order more than one if needed, but one was just enough for me. It was served with fresh spinach.
The second time we dined, I ordered the Bagel and Lox. It is served as a sandwich, I normally like mine served deconstructed so I can build it. It comes with a delicious caper cream cheese. I ended up taking the top of the bagel off and asking for extra cream cheese to eat it open-faced.
The coffee here is good and local. They really make an effort to use local products and you can even buy some great items at the register. 
They deliver breakfast, lunch and dinner. I hear they are getting their liquor license in early July. That will make this place 6 stars for me!
This place is way different than I thought it would be.  It's a very casual place.  Order at the counter and paper cups for the drinks.

I had a cheesesteak sandwich which was good.  The green iced tea was excellent.
We ate dinner here lat night and when we walked in it was completely different than in though it would be, BUT it was so nice! The restaurant decor is simple, but nice.  I had the french dip with homemade potato chips (yummy!) my husband had the Northern Italian sandwich with potato salad.  We both enjoyed our meals very much...we cleaned our plates!  The green ice was so good and we added a little of the honey lemonade...just perfect!  I wish the dessert selection was a bit larger, overall we will definitely come here again and again and again!
Wow great food! I had the ham and Brie sandwich. It was awesome! All food and ingredients are locally produced or sourced. High quality great price!:) I can't wait to go back and try the ribeye dip.
Ah-mazing!!!!! Chad makes the most amazing food. Very creative with flavor, super affordable prices, beautiful atmosphere. This place was extremely well done. I have a feeling I'll be going broke soon due to frequenting this establishment.
This is the place to go if you're into LOCAL (and more often than not, organic) food and drink, and you happen to be in an area of the city notorious for not doing really offering much in that area (there are so many options for this in central Phoenix, but Snottsdale? Not so much).
The setup is something in between a traditional (but chic and pleasingly well designed) diner, and a deli. 

It has a full breakfast and lunch menu (I am not sure if they are open for dinner?) as well as beer and wine. All the beer here (I can't speak for the wine, as I don't drink it) is local only, no Bud Light here! Oddly enough, they do carry Coke products for soft drink offerings as opposed to something more crafted.
A great deal of the food served is locally grown/raised *and/or/and* organic as well, and the sandwiches are made in front of you if you are sitting at the counter.

The only thing I didn't like about this place was the way they price the sandwiches, where you have to pay for each element you want included, separately. Example: bread = $X.00, cheese = $X.00, lettuce = $X.00, sauce = $X.00 and so on and so on. It's easy to accidentally order a $15 sandwich if you're not careful about how much stuff you want on it.
My husband and I both rate this a 3. Food was good, but not great. Fresh veggies and nice flavors. Dont know if bread is made in house. The bread on my sandwich was falling apart, which made it difficult to enjoy.  I think the owner or manager was there, and I expected him to be introducing himself or welcoming us in some way,  but he seemed to be hard at work. I think as a new business, it would be a good idea to be more welcoming to people who are willing to try something new. Also,  there was a girl working there with a really dirty apron and she cussed while we were ordering. Very unprofessional and unsanitary, especially if the owner was there. Also,  wish they had a soup without a cream based broth. Maybe we'd try again for b reakfast?
This is a really good place to get a salad I tried the salad called" though the garden " and added chicken to it. The chicken was fresh and tasty and the salad was big and fresh with dressings are made in house. They forgot to put the avocado in it but I didn't feel like complaining. I still might have given four stars but I didn't because of the cheese steak we ordered.

The meat was fresh and local (I know NICE) but it seemed like the grill wasn't hot enough and the meat came out sort of boiled. The onions were grilled but the peppers came out sort of steamed. The bread was squishy soft bread and we saw a loaf of nice crusty bread on the counter so we thought the sandwich would be made out of that but it wasn't. 

The food was sent out in an odd way. Someone made my salad and it was just sitting on the end of the bar for a while. Then someone runs out with a plate of chicken and places it on the salad. Next someone came out with the cheesesteak picks up the salad and delivered it. 

I thought everyone working there was nice and friendly. 

Prime Provisions is a good place for a salad 7 days a week.

A very casual place you order at counter, pick up a number and seat yourself.
If you are looking for a restaurant in north Scottsdale, with a good atmosphere and even better food. Look no further than here. The staff is amazing and the food is all local. You can just taste the freshness, you can also wash it down with a tasty beverage as they have a full selection of beer and wine! I highly recommend giving this place a try!
Very clean! Food was really good. Atmosphere enjoyable. I liked the look of the patio. They allow dogs and even have Sunday dog time, with water, dog treats, swamp coolers.
Cute, quick place to stop in for a lunch on your lunch break. They go above and beyond with little details like cucumber in the water and coolers on the patio. You can tell the owner takes pride in his business and cares about the customers. The food was very fresh and put together well. Overall I think this is a solid addition to my lunch choices in Scottsdale.
Prime provisions was a hip, well decorated establishment with fresh, locally sourced food that tastes great.

I usually order the club sandwich on pretzel bread, my wife makes her makes her own salad...one of the only places we can go where we both get exactly what we want without sacrificing what the other gets.  I like big tasty sandwiches (and I am picky) and she likes fresh salads made exactly how she wants it.

All aspects of the menu are build your own style OR order directly from the menu so if you are picky or like things a certain way this will suite you well.

Service was friendly, fast and attentive.  Two thumbs up!  Will definitely be going back!
Went with a friend to try this place out. I had the Club Up. A large sandwich. I had a hard time squishing it down to take a bite.  I took half of it home. My friend had the slow roasted rib eye dip. Lots of bread not a lot of meat. Everything is separate so that's all we had. Menu says you can get a drink and chips or pasta salad for an additional 2.50. That would bring the total price up to 11.50 for a sandwich, drink and side. I'll probably try it again to get a salad.
Pretty much the best sandwich I have ever had.  Shaved Ribeye sandwich is unreal.  Their ingredients are top notch.  You will pay more but it's worth it.  Not sure about other review that said there wasn't much meat.  I have ordered the shaved Ribeye sandwich twice now and I am a pretty guy, usually can't even finish it.  I have attached a picture for the first time because I have claimed this to be the best sandwich ever.  Their homemade lemonade in regular or berry is outstanding.  Everything is locally sourced which I appreciate as a local business owner.  The interior is very nice and you can tell the owners put alot of time and care into this concept.  I definitely recommend this place.
Everything we've had here is great!  And when I say great, I don't just mean 24 hour deli in a casino great, I mean regular great!  During the last trip, we decided to go there because (we always stay at Sam's Town) and my husband was starving.  He got the steak and eggs special for $5.99.  It was an amazing piece of steak with nice potatoes and toast....I mean, good looking food, not just grill food.  I had a grilled cheese sandwich and the fruit plate and it was the most awesome and succulent fruit I've had in a long time!  This month we went back (three months later) to celebrate our anniversary, and once again got hungry late at night.  I ordered the turkey sandwich and it was a very generous portion of turkey and a great sandwich, with a pickle spear and chips.  Too much for me to eat!  My husband had the steak and eggs again.  The staff is very attentive, the cook came out at one point when he had no orders to make and checked to see if we were all okay.  The only downside is that they don't refill your beverage for free, but hey, I can live!  This is a great place to eat!
Was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Decided to get a quick lunch and didn't want typical food court stuff.  So, checked this out.  They have a $4.99 blue plate specials.  Sometimes it comes with a side, other times it doesn't.  Today, it was the salisbury steak sandwich.  I tried it with a side of potato salad.  The sandwich was a large hoagie roll, and it was SOFT.  I was impressed, it was very fresh and a solid bread for this sandwich.  There are 2 good size pieces of steak on the bun and brown gravy.  The brown gravy was again, better than I was expecting.  I wanted more in fact, it was a very good representation of traditional brown gravy.  Other specials are hot turkey sandwich, fish and chips, etc.  I'll definitely come here again, and likely get the blue plate special again.  Very solid deal.

Drinks are $1.99 for a small, so that's annoying, but the price on the special seems to be a good deal (based on this one visit).
This little place rocks. It's tucked away next to the sports bar. I was Yelping looking for something we could walk to that was highly rated. I found the Sports Deli and realized I was standing 30 feet away!
Their food isn't gourmet or anything fancy, just good home-cooking at very reasonable prices. Their special was very good with ample servings and good flavors. I was very pleasantly surprised. Just don't expect fancy!
Found it by accident in the casino.  Needed something to eat after late night of drinking and gambling.  Husband had Philly Steak Sandwich that had a whopping pile of meat.  I had a pastrami with mounds of meat.   Will eat here before we ever eat at TGIF again.  Plus they are open all night!!  Yeah!  Don't expect restaurant seating or real plates and silverware but heck who cares when the food is good and inexpensive. Only place open in Sam's Town all night unless you want a donut and coffee at Dunkin Donuts.
Price is a bit high for what amounts to bar food.  Don't expect too many smiles from the people working here....and if you do buy one of their overpriced sodas, don't expect any free refills, refills are at full price.  I also have a problem when I spend $20 for food and get a tiny kiddie cup of water!  I will not be back.
Good food at a good price.
Very tasty! I had the Pig in the mud! It was delicious! My boyfriend had the Ruben! Also good. Not greasy! With each sandwhich yoy get a pickle chips & a cookie! For three sandwiches I spent about 20%.. about what I spend at subway...without the cookies and no pickle. 
Sraff was friendly and helpful! Will be eating there again :-)
The ice cream is very good but the sandwiches are very plain.  I remember when I was there the owner kept bragging about how he only uses 3/4" bread and I'm thinking........ who cares about the bread? Whats important is what's in the sandwich.
After one bite I realized I could've made a better sandwich at home -  they didn't even put mayonnaise on the 3/4" bread!
My husband and I go frequently after church and have never been disappointed. The ingredients are fresh, you get big portions and the staff is friendly. Also have to mention it is sparkly clean every time we go.
They used to have much more meat in the sandwich. Now it's eh. Tastes ok but I'd get a better deal doing to Frys deli and just making one myself.
Love love love coming to this place. The atmosphere is so comfortable and fun. The workers are so very friendly, especially who I'm assuming is the owner. It's obvious there are a lot of regulars that go here. I love the $1 baby cones of ice cream. Oh and I also appreciate how CLEAN they keep this place. All around one of my favorite stops for lunch :). I always get The Cowboy sandwhich which is really good.
First of all the girl working at the counter had no clue what she was doing, nor did she care. I was immediately turned off but was hungry & in a hurry. After navigating her cash register with the ease of a drunk toddler my bill came to $12. Twelve dollars. What did I get for my hard earned $12? A 6" hot sandwich & small soda. Wow. This better be the best sandwich ever. 

Well, they couldn't even provide that. I ordered one of the only things on the menu that didn't say spicy (and shouldn't be spicy). Get back to work, first angry bite in my mouth lights up like the Fourth of July. Spicy as hell. So now I have a bad experience & $12 down the drain on a to-go deli sandwich. 

Needless to say if my sandwich needs ever arise again I will be venturing to a sit down restaurant. I will pay the same price but not get a shitty Subway-esque sandwich.
I love this place. I go to school a few doors down at Paul Mitchell and this is going to be my new favorite place for lunch. It is a bit overpriced for a sandwich however a small is practically big enough to feed a family ( ok realistically myself and a friend) . The sandwiches have small unique twist like adding cream cheese were you would never think to put it and all the ingredients looked really fresh. Last but not least I really think this may be a cool place to sit back and have a beer with friends and grub on a sammy... why? because they are a sandwich place that sells beer.
My wife and I had lunch here today.  It totally rocked!!  The sandwiches were amazing.  They do not skimp on the meat, if you're into it.  The veggie sandwich options are much better than other places too.  Great bread, great and FRESH toppings, all sliced in-house.  Steve, the owner was there and talked to us about the place.  He's cool, gregarious and he's got a winner here.  Love the vibe and love the food more!  We're going back.  A lot!!
I've come here two days in a row now for lunch......so I guess that means I love it?
When you are big fat preggo lady, you need to stay away from lunch meats. However, I figured its heated pretty thoroughly it should kill any lurking bacteria. Yesterday I had ordered the Woody. I thought it was pretty delish, but the Tabasco gave me heartburn (thank you pregnancy again). My husband tried the other half and he thought it was WONDERFUL! He said he would make the drive to Henderson to get a fresh one himself. 

Today I went back for lunch since I am lazy and it was a short walk from my office. I decided on the skinny dipper. It is pretty tasty and no heartburn this time! People say its a bit pricey, but I've never seen so much meat on a sandwich before. It's definitely filling and worth the price. The bread is never soggy even though its heated! Definitely a winner!

I definitely will be back and this place will be in my weekly rotation for lunch!
The best part of this HUGE HUMONGO sandwich is the cream cheese.  The cream cheese compliments the sandwich and boosts taste by like a million.  It's THAT good. 

***On the menu it states how many calories your consuming with each sandwich..... and just fair warning.... it's DELISH and will consume ALL your calories for the day and probably for the next day.   IT IS HUGE! 

My favorite sandwich is the Santa Cruz COLD.  Pastrami, avocado, bacon, and cream cheese.  A small is 790 calories.... OF YUM.  They don't skimp on the fillers believe me.... They hook it up with a fat sandwich.  

The Haole Cheesesteak is definitely an amazing hot sandwich worth trying.  

It is a fairly new place, and there are a lot of friendly faces to recommend and help you out.  DUDES! come and try something!  It's a cute little place off of Eastern in a really busy plaza.  It's surrounded by a lot of good eats, but definitely come and try this place.  There's a nice seating area outside, and lots of seating inside too.  

On the weekend they have a nice little farmers market and The Beach Hut Deli would be an ideal place to grab some lunch for sure.  

 I work in this plaza and when Friday comes around I'm usually the first to want to grab some lunch from there when I want consume ALL my calories for the day.  :P  It's worth it!
10 times better than Lee's next store. I was going to order the medium sandwich and the guy looked at me like I was on bath salts. The small is really a LARGE so stick w/ the small. 

Sandwich was great!  Would totally go back. 

My only drawback is 1) I asked for mayo on the side....I got mayo on my sub and 2) there's no healthy sides [pasta salad something] all their chips are the full fat varietal as well. No baked, no sun chips, nothing :( 

Not great for healthy side eaters, but on the flip side they proudly display calorie count of all sandwiches on their menu :)
Boom. 5 Stars.

Better believe that.

5 stars, maybe closer to 6. It was that good. Every part of my experience at Beach Hut Deli was a positive one. From the recommendation the owner gave to the quality of the food, all spot on. It was 7:30pm, about 30 minutes before the Deli was supposed to close and I was treated no differently than as if I was the first customer of the day. The owner recommended  the Surfin Bird for me (Turkey, Avocado, Bacon, Cream Cheese*, Lettuce, Tomato, Mayo). Why the asterisk? Let me tell you why. Because cream cheese on a sammich is one of the greatest things I have ever tasted in the history of my tasting. It was that good. Maybe others already knew this secret, but I didn't. My wife isn't much of a turkeyer, so she took the owners recommendation as he said, and I quote, "the whole reason I opened this place is because of the Surfin' Cow." Cowabunga. Same ingredients as the Surfin Bird, just minus the bird and exchange it for Roast Beef. Served hot or cold, she chose cold. Outstanding! 

The thing I appreciated most was that we were there until a few minutes after 8. Instead of feeling like I needed to rush out (which I probably would have done had I worked there) the owner came up to us and asked how everything was as. He wanted to know how we heard about Beach Hut Deli and  what we thought of the food. He could have easily ignored us and I would have still given this place a 5 star accolades. I appreciated the extra attention and him going out of the way to make us feel warm and welcome.

Well done Beach Hut Deli. See you soon.
Excellent sandwiches and a friendly staff.  These are super sized sandwiches loaded with veggies, bacon, cream cheese..... served on a frisbee.
You cant go wrong here. Sandwiches so big many people are using a fork and knife.  These are good sandwiches to share
Did I say they put cream cheese on the sandwiches - excellent!!!??!
There's really nothing to say about this place other than HOLY SHIT!
Honestly, I've been to a ton of sandwich shops in town, but this place is miles ahead of the competition in both price and quality. OH and did I mention, there's freakin' beer here on tap? That's right, enjoy the Valley's best sandwich along with a brewskie? 'Hello God, are you there? It's me Margaret' status up in this joint. 

Happy hour is from 3-7 and has some INSANE deals. Don't pass this baby up.
Eating healthy is great, but hard to find around here for a reasonable price. 
We shared the Surfin' Bird 12" sub sandwich - can we say Yum?! It was $13 for it, but the quality was well worth it.

When they guy, i think the owner, says it was pretty big to feed the 2 of us...he wasn't kidding. Granted my husband can eat a whole foot long subway sandwich himself, he ate half of this bird along with 1/4 of my half... and he was full. The sub alone is packed with enough turkey, bacon, avocado, cream cheese, and lettuce to feed almost 2 1/2 peeps. Not only is the bread super soft and fresh, but the bacon...oh the bacon - it was soo crispy, just how i like it. 

The only thing it lacked was not enough peppercinni's (which i love the kick in my subs), and the service can use help as we waited longer (for just sandwiches) than we anticipated. Can't imagine how long the wait would be if there were more than 6 customers in this place.

We hope they don't change the portion of their food down later on, as they are still new.  Can't wait to try the other subs and pizza's! I would recommend adding some desserts or other alcoholic drinks in that place cause it's soo big.
The food quality here is on point! The portions are HUGE, and you do get your money's worth. I ordered a small size Pig Kahuna sandwich. It sure was a Kahuna because for a small portion it was huge! Mmmmhmmm....I love me some pulled pork. The sandwich was just FULL of flavor and the pinapple toppings went well with the sandwich. There was so much juice and fillings on the sandwich that I even ate it with a fork. So, if you're down to get al ittle messy. Eat it by hand. If not, I'd reccommend using a fork to defeat the Kahuna.

We also ordered the Surfin' Cow. This was also a great choice. Cream cheese? What a twist to a sandwich. They also added what seemed like a full avocado on there. Who doesn't love avocado. This was also full of flavor and the roast beef was nice and tender.

The service was a-ok. The girls were still getting the jist of everything so the service just needs a little work. The only thing I didn't appreciate was the cashier saying, "Now what?" I don't know about you, but never have I ever gone to an establishment where a server or cashier spoke to me that way, nor do I ever go to a place expecting someone to speak to me that way. Our order took a little longer than normal to come, but the gentleman who worked there was nice enough to offer us complementary drinks and chips for the wait. So I thought it was nice of him to reach out.

Theo ther cool thing is is they also have a bar with a wonderful selection of beer I think there was IPA, Shock Top, and some more I couldn't remember. The establishment is very clean and well decorated. It's a very fun and hip place, with a college hang out feel to it. They also provide flat screens for people to enjoy watching that big game!
What could I say about Beach Hut Deli sandwiches? Quality. Big. No, huge portions. Order a small and you'll be fine. I am fine for TWO days in fact because a small sandwich can be two lunches for me. Fun, cool island vibe and awesome staff. Oh - brewskis if you want them. Yes, I just said brewskis. Haha.

I used to visit BHD in Reno when I was in college. I remember the shop opening up and daaaaaaaaayum the sandwiches were good. They're still good today. I was so happy to hear there was a location that opened up here.

I came in during Noon-time and it actually wasn't even that busy which was surprising, but they must get some good crowds for their happy hour. YES. This sandwich shop has a happy hour.

I had the flying pig, which has pretty much everything I love in a sandwich. Tasty ham, bacon, avocado, cream cheese, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and thin cut red onions. GAH. I am salivating right now. Order it hot. Or not. Both ways are good.

My only issue is this... since there are so very many sandwich places in this particular area it's kind of hard to choose the best. But even though I love BHD, I think Firehouse Subs is better, but that's just my particular taste. Mainly I pick Firehouse over BHD because of the perfect sizing of their sandwiches. Firehouse's sandwiches can actually fit in my mouth, um, as dirty as that sounds. And they are easier to eat. But really, both places are better than Subway or POS. 

BHD - I will be back.
How good is it? I came here 3 times in one day.... We stopped in for a bite because I saw it as a new place on yelp. Once we got inside I saw the several tap handles of beer.... Oooo this place is getting even better. The wait staff was very laid back and friendly. I had the Marley Nachos and they were AWESOME!!! So much avocado! After eating I had to run an errand in the same parking lot and it was hot. So on my way back I stopped back in a second time for another beer. While there we Struck up a conversation with the owner. He was a VERY nice guy and treated us like we were long lost friends. So after leaving again we had some friends come to town who were hungry...... BACK TO THE BEACH HUT. They were impressed with the place as well. Great Vibe. I was told they have live music so I will be back to check that out!
My first Yelp review. Growing up in NY/NJ, I'm probably a foodie elitist so I apologize if I come off as obnoxious:

Vegas is definitely devoid of top-knotch sandwich shops.  Even the best ones have this sort of mass-produced quality.  Being used to "mom and pop" sandwich shops where everything is made on premises I'm pretty picky.  I do have to say that this place is pretty darn good.  It reminds me a little of Johnny McGuires at Town Square. 

The bread, meats and toppings are all good quality with very original sandwich concoctions.  While it still has that mass-produced feel, relatively speaking it's definitely one of the standouts in Las Vegas/Henderson.  They don't shy away from the amount of meat and try to just drown out the sandwich in toppings like a lot of sub shops do.  You definitely get your money's worth and I'll definitely return. 

I ordered the "Santa Cruz" sans the Avocado.  Good meat, great bacon and loved having cream cheese on the sandwich.
Hands down VERY BEST sandwich shop in Henderson and Vegas that I have ever been to (20 year resident). Food is awesome, fresh, BIG, not expensive. Employees are the best. Nice happy hour. Good music (live bands sometimes). Very friendly atmosphere. Eco-conscious practices! Cups are made of a bio-plastic that uses sugars from corn and food-waste instead of oil! 60% reduction in carbon footprint AND they can go in a landfill and biodegrade. Owner Steve is simply awesome. Say hi to him, he's usually there. Olivia and Psalm working this night. Friendly and cool as usual! Thanks ladies! Free super fast wi-fi, so nice place to sit and work for awhile. Highly recommended!
Huge portions, good quality ingredients. The sandwich was made too big which made it very difficult to eat. The pastrami was tasty, produce was very fresh. Employees were touching ready to eat foods with bare hands. A big no no.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Beach Hut Deli!!!!!! My coworkers and myself go here often for lunch and are always satisfied. These sandwiches are the real deal, from my daughters favorite "spicolli" to the best sandwich on the menu, the "Drakester". The service and family feeling that this restaurant demonstrates makes my friends, family and myself want to eat here often, oh and the excellent sandwiches help!!! My goal is to try every sandwich they offer, so far I have tried 8 different ones. I recommend the Drakester first and foremost followed by the Shark Bite!! The Drakester is a hot turkey sandwich with melted pepper jack cheese, creem cheese and a couple of green chilis all on toasted sour dough bread. By far the best sandwich I have ever had. Oh and the plates that the meal comes on is a frisbee, kids 8 and under get to keep em!!
Beach Hut Deli seemed to be all the rage at work, so a bunch of us decided to go one day and it was the best decision ever! There is a really cool island vibe inside, surf boards on the walls and your sandwiches are served on Frisbees. I love the automatic doors and the giant menu on the wall so you can decide what you want without holding up the line. I have since been here about 3 times and look forward to coming back again really soon. 

On my first visit I went for the classic, surfin bird. When it arrived it was so large I wasn't sure how I was going to eat it. You definitely want to stick to the small! The sandwich had great flavor and everything really worked together perfectly. I was a little worried about the slices of cream cheese, but it added a nice creamy texture to the sandwich. On my next visit I split the Spicolli with a friend and we were a bit disappointed. The ticket machine stopped working so we waited a little longer than normal and then the sandwich didn't have much flavor. We could taste the turkey and bacon, but not the ranch which would have really tied the flavors together. I came again the next day for lunch with my husband and fell in love with the Hobie. This classic Italian sub really did it for me. I loved the Italian dressing and all of the flavors really worked perfectly together. I also really love the Dirty brand potato chips that they sell, they are super delicious and a perfect crunchy compliment to any sandwich.

This is easily one of the best sandwiches that you will find in Las Vegas. I love that their sandwiches all have a twist, rather than being the same old sandwiches you get anywhere. They definitely have a signature style and flavor profile and I am a huge fan. I am already excited for my next visit!
Another lunch spot diamond. This place has really good sandwiches. Even the hot dogs are great here. If they could get the license to open a full size bar this could be a happening spot. I have only been here for lunch and would love to come for dinner with drinks. The servers are really pretty and nice. The flavors are well blended. If you get the cream-cheese spread they put on the sandwiches, it can be overwhelming so ask for it light and you should be good.
Just had the santa cruz sandwich with pasatrami and bacon.  Pastrami was really good, but the bun was very soggy   and there was no cream cheese on it.  Very expensive 9 dollars for a small sub.  Very disapointed .  Will not be going back.
Awesome sandwiches. Steve, the manager, is such a great guy. Excellent service. And live music on fridays! Super fun for the family to go to. And they have really good craft brew on tap. I recommend the santa cruz or the surfin bird. But seriously, every sandwich we've tried so far is so full of meat and toppings, they're all amazing. Not to mention the genius addition of cream cheese to various sandwiches. Check it out if you're in the area!
The staff here are some of the nicest I have encountered in all of Vegas. They all seem to enjoy being here and welcome you to stop in for their open mic night on the weekends. This place has a great vibe to it, the music is turned up and the screens all have something worth watching. Really relaxing and welcoming. The food definitely did not disappoint. I had the Pig Kahuna and it was massive. I wished I would of ordered something with some veggies in it but to be honest I enjoyed piggin out. Definitely give this place a shot. 

Great atmosphere, great and friendly service, delicious & well priced food. 5 Stars for sure.
Deli with a burger atmosphere, if that makes any sense.  Located in the heart of what I call "Restaurant Row" on Eastern Ave.  This places doesn't disappoint.  I was very satisfied to say the least. Originally was going to get some grub at BJ's, which is located in the same parking lot.  But a co-worker suggested this place and swears by it. 

The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the decor. Kind of cheesy with the "try hard" beach theme.  Almost reminded me of someone having a beach theme house party. The second thing I noticed was the huge menu on the wall and multiple flat panel TV's. 

Staff was great and if you don't know what to get, they'll suggest something for you. Just let them know it's your first time. 

I got the Drakster, which is basically a Turkey Melt.  But there was nothing basic about this sandwich. About 10 oz of sliced turkey and melted cheese all in a grilled piece of bread.  Sandwich was huge and worth the $10.  I'm a dipper and had to cut the sandwich in a couple of pieces just so I can dip it.  Your sandwich is also brought to your table in a frisbee used as a plate.  I actually thought the frisbee was a giveaway just like those old school happy meals.  You know, the meals that came inside those plastic boats.  Who doesn't remember that.  Back to the sandwich, the best. 

My only issue is that the booths are a bit tight.  Your table is a surf board, which is small for a table top.  You'll find yourself bumping knees with whoever you're eating with.  Might be a good thing depending who your company is. 

TIP 1:  It's probably a crime to add any condiments since the sandwiches are good as is.  But if you need any, ask them in advance.  That goes for any silverware too.  This place doesn't have a separate place for this. 

TIP 2:  Portions are big.  Yes, this place doesn't skimp.  Order a regular if you're use to a foot long Subway Sandwhich.  If you're a hungry man like me, order their large.

TIP 3:  Open mic on the weekends??  Friend suggested I come back on the weekends to do my best American Idol impression.  Yeah right, but will come back to enjoy.

Definitely will be back.  I'm in this area a lot and can't wait to try different sandwich.
Would have loved to try one of their sandwiches but after waiting over 25 min (no joke) we asked for a refund. No one behind the counter seemed to know what was going on. They werent that busy when we got there but they kept giving out other peoples sandwiches. After i complained for waiting to long they I heard the guy get mad cause she gave my sandwich away. There was a guy that ordered before us that waited 45 min and they did the same thing to him after he complained. Three of us ended up asking for a refund and ended up leaving hungry. I have never been to a sandwich shop so disorganized. Will not be returning since I had to return to work late with no sandwich
Food was delicious
I love the atmosphere
I could do with out the girls wearing bikinis though, I just felt sorry for them. 
The service was a bit slow

All in all I would recommend to my friends.
Ummmm all I can say is YUUUMMM! 

the Malibu with a great white is where its at! 

Moved about a month ago and i miss this place. 

Best sandwiches in town by far!!!!
Took my second trip to BHD recently and it was better than the first.  This time, smartly I might add, I brought my wife so we could get two sammies and split.  We went with the Spicolli (delish turkey breast, bacon, ranch, lettuce, french roll) and the Skinny Dipper (roast beef, melted cheddar, onions, mayo and au jus).  I'd be hard pressed to tell you which one I liked better.  Traditional french dips I come across seem to be lazy and played out.  The beef isn't what it should be and it's just another sandwich.  Here the beef and cheese are in perfect harmony - and there isn't so much mayo that it's over-bearing and oozing out.  The only bummer is that I liked each sandwich so much I'd be afraid to try a different one.

Other pluses - they serve beer and have several HD TVs (with sports on).  I also believe they have free wifi because the first time I went there was a big group of guys doing a fantasy football draft.
Pretty good sandwich! People was nice there. I ordered a small and it was more than enough. They give you A LOT. Definitely worth the price tag. Am a fan.
Just happened to see the Beach Hut sign as I left BJ'S one night. I got really excited. This place is originally from my home town in Northern California. Some of the best and biggest sandwiches you'll ever have. I recommend the old favorite "Surfin' Bird" or if you're feeling like something really different try the "Woody" or the "Pig Kahuna". Everything here is amazing. You can't go wrong. Also, if you like good beer, try "Eye of the Hawk". This is one of the coolest locations I've ever been to. Lots of seating, including a large outdoor area that is great for lounging. They also have a few TV's, darts and beer pong available.
;)
The sandwiches were pretty impressive on the first visit to this cute beach themed place. The pig kahuna that my husband ordered had bbq pork that was sweetened and topped with chunks of juicy pineapple. My "small" sized sandwich, if you want to call it that had pastrami, bacon and cream cheese which was stacked pretty high. All the sandwich combos sounded great and tasted really good. There is no table service. You order and pay at the counter and your food is brought out to you.
   
The staff was friendly and helpful, met and chatted with the owner who was really enthusiastic and come to find out he also grew up in the Bay Area.  But subsequent visits here were a tad disappointing.  I met up with a friend of mine for lunch few days later.  I ordered a different sandwich, Haole Pizza and my friend had the Santa Cruz.  I don't know mine tasted too salty, maybe it was because it was the meats weren't the best quality. But even the presentation was a bit sloppy, like it was just thrown together and same went for my friends sandwich, it was just thrown together, unlike how mine looked originally.  It also took awhile for the sandwiches to be done because there were 3 orders ahead of us first and only 2 ladies working the counter. Maybe because it was different staff??  So this visit wasn't quite as impressive as the first. And I was disappointed because I dragged my friend here, when we would've gone somewhere else that day.

I came back couple weeks later again for lunch and ordered one of the  sandwiches we had in the first place, the Pig Kahuna and this time around I had the Surfin Cow.  Now that was pretty good, the lean roast beef stacked high, but Mr. B's sandwich, the  Pig Kahuna wasn't as impressive this time around.  It was drowned more in sauce and just had a few pineapple chunks that dotted his sandwich. It tasted just way too salty as well because of all the sauce. He was fine with it, but I just have a thing for when there is  lack of consistency when your food is prepared.  So I havent been really motivated to come back as of late.  Sorry.
I wasn't as impressed with Beach Hut as many of my fellow yelpers are. 

I walked in at about 12:30 p.m. and grabbed a menu and sat down, browsing yelp suggestions and hungrily mulling over the menu. I finally decided on the "Surfin' Bird" sandwich (turkey, avocado, bacon and cream cheese). The menu says alfalfa sprouts are available on request. I requested them and was informed that they were out. Before I ordered, the lady in front of me was informed that they were out of chicken and roast beef. How can a deli run out of these things? I'm not sure. 

About 20 minutes later (seriously, 20 minutes to make a COLD sandwich that has 4 main ingredients?), my sandwich was ready. I grabbed it and left because I was slightly annoyed with the general attitude of employees. There were three employees and maybe four customers, including myself, waiting for sandwiches. The employees looked like they were just hanging out at work, not being very friendly or helpful and didn't seem to be putting too much effort into making my sandwich in less than 20 minutes. 

When I finally bit into the sandwich, I was very unimpressed with the quality of turkey. It tasted like watered down, pre-sliced, prepackaged turkey from a family pack of processed meat from Walmart. Seriously. THE MEAT makes the sandwich -  not the cream cheese (which I didn't really enjoy too much either) or the various lettuce/tomato/onion toppings. I don't like slimy deli meat. If you do, this is your place?

I wanted to love this sandwich, particularly since everyone raves about it and loves the unique cream cheese addition. But, I didn't love it.  I actually didn't like it very much either. 

I probably won't be back. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, maybe they had an off day, maybe it doesn't usually take 20 minutes to make a sandwich when there are three employees and literally four people in the restaurant, and maybe $10 is a fair price to pay for a small sub (NOT!!!). But, probably not.
The 3 stars are strictly for the atmosphere! Love the surf board tables, the frisbee plates & the Bob Marley music! However...I didn't go for all that. Went for a simple pastrami sandwich & I left sleepy & hungry. Sleepy...I know you're wondering! Well, I had to wait at least 30 minutes to get my sandwich...and it was not the least bit crowded in there. Hungry...I know you're wondering about that too! Well, it was nasty. Too much hype. Should have gone to BJs as planned.
So I accidently stumbled upon this place while in a rush and starving for something super quick. Well I was very suprised!

Service: I walked in and was greeted with smiles! The guys behind the counter were not only super friendly but hilairous and had personality! You could tell they really enjoyed the food, they were either stoner surfer guys or total foodies; either way their passion for the place itself made be very content. They told me about the trivia nights, live bands and drink specials so I will def. be back. Over all the atmospere that those guys created was great (and I was only there for 10 minutes).

Food: Amazing! I forgot the exact name of the sandwich I had but it had hot pastrami, cream cheese and avacado...SOLD!

I will def. be back to really sit with a cold beer and enjoy the music!
One of our clients brought a beautiful tray of sandwiches for lunch today. I went straight for The California which had avocado, red onions, tomatoes, alfalfa sprouts, banana peppers, Monterey cheese, and mayo on wheat bread. It was wonderful! So I immediately had to do more research about this deli and I am sold! The ingredients are incredibly fresh and I absolutely LOVE how much stuff is in the sandwich! The other three sandwiches look just as delicious (one has turkey and bacon, the second one has pastrami, and the third had pastrami and turkey).  I don't think I could ask of much more out of a sandwich: fresh ingredients, lots of vegetables, and tasty. I will definitely be taking my sandwich-loving fianc to give it a whirl!
I loved it! And great beers on tap!
Great first trip, I passed two sandwich shops on the way over including one a few doors down from this one and so happy I did. We got turkey and provolone and a tuna sub - both excellent but we both agreed the turkey won. Cheapskates might not like it since you can't get a footling for 5$ but for people like me who value quality over quantity definitely stop by! I would have given 5 stars but the pasta salad had an odd pickling flavor I couldn't place and didn't care for. I loved that a sandwich could get as creative or as plain as you liked since some sandwich shops are trending toward mashing any flavor combinations that come to mind. Super friendly staff and a completely casual atmosphere are perfect for a surf side sandwich shop feel. The space is huge too so lots of room to spread out.
Well I was there last Sunday and waited almost 20 minutes for two sandwiches.  The roast beef was acceptable but the turkey was low grade.  If they are charging 10 bucks for a sandwich it better have fresh carved meat not something I can buy in a pre-wrapped package at the supermarket.  I think this place can be great but they need to fix their speed and quality of meats.  I will likely go elsewhere next time unless they improve.
This place is freaking amazing. Go here, try everything, get a beer, sit on the patio (if it's nice outside of course) and enjoy yourself. My boyfriend and I recently went here seeking amazing sandwiches and they delivered!!! We ordered beers, sat on the patio when the weather was perfect, and listened to Jack Johnson and Bob Marley which really made us really feel like we were by the beach... The food is delicious!!!! YUM!!!!!!
Just drove by and saw the place and had to give it a try and I'm glad i did it was amazing probably the best sandwich iv ever had! I will defiantly be going back.
I love the open area beach concept of this location!  Even though it is in a "Strip Mall" type environment you can really get the beach feel.  The menu is posted on the wall, so I felt it was a bit hard to read, however they do have a paper version if you would like. The menu has many options from hot & cold sandwiches to salads.  They also have the calories listed so if you are watching the waistline, you can make a choice based on that!  The Surfing Bird sandwich I had on the Garlic and Cheese Sourdough bread was a huge helping of a sandwich!  I could have easily taken half home but it was so yummy that I ate it all!  It included the following fresh ingredients of turkey, avocado, bacon and cream cheese.  The cream cheese and bacon combo was delightful!  I wonder why I had never thought of that before!   

They do offer beer as well!  I'm planning on coming back some evening with a group of friend to sit relax and enjoy!
Tried this place for the first time yesterday. Had a hard time deciding because they all sounded delicious. Had the "Malibu" and would definitely recommend it if you're a fan of pastrami!
This was good--I need killer bread on a sub to call a place "great", but when it comes to being generous with the toppings, Beach Hut Deli is in front of the pack.  As you walk in, there is a large menu posted on the left hand side of the room. Decide there and move to the register to order. I was dining with a group of low-carbers so each of them ordered their meals with no bread. Apparently at BHD that is code for "make me a lettuce wrap". 

My sandwich was LARGE. Check the photos from this place. They are not skimpy on the ingredients by any means. I had extra vegetables on my wheat sub and had to pull it apart to start to eat. There was nothing outstanding about the bread or the turkey. In fact, the bread fell apart quite a bit as I was eating. It made for a messy, but satisfying meal. I don't think I have had a sandwich with so much vegetable topping on it anywhere else. 

They did not season the sandwich (that I could tell) much and the side of Italian dressing was necessary for me to enjoy the meal. 

I think the best thing about BHD is how much care they put in their wraps. The low-carbers were VERY satisfied with their meals. One low-carber even had a hot dog wrapped in a bunch of veg and lettuce. I didn't have the heart to post that very odd looking photo. Sorry Mike T. Often when I order wraps the food is messily falling out of the wrap. No so at BHD; they know how to deal with the no-bread issue. 

All in all, the food was solid and plentiful. I appreciate the value and I will be back.
This place is sooo good! My boyfriend ordered the hobie and I ordered the surfing pig! They were both sooo good! The small sandwich was big enough to fill me up! Yes it might be pricier than subway, but you can taste the difference. The only thing I did not like was the potato salad; it wasn't horrible, but I was different. The girls working were very sweet, the atmosphere was good and the food was great! I definitely will be back soon!
I found my newest addiction this week. Beach Hut Deli! Originally I was going to eat at the Spicy Pickle down the street but found out it was closed. I pulled up good ole yelp on my phone and started to look for something nearby. All I had to do was look at the pictures of the sandwiches to know I wanted to eat at Beach Hut Deli.  

Upon walking in I felt like I was at the beach and that was cool by me. There were surfboards decorated on the walls and even some of the tabletops were shaped like a surfboard. The menu is on the wall and I had a hard time deciding what I wanted to try. I ordered a small "Santa Cruz" priced at $8.25 and it had pastrami, avocado, bacon and cream cheese. I got it with everything so it also included mayo, mustard, pickle, tomato, onion, greek peppers and cheese. This sandwich was SO good! I had to get a fork because the insides were just falling out. They didn't skimp on the sandwich at all. I will order this again without a doubt. Hubby ordered a large "Pastrami Sandwich" priced at $12.95 and it just had pastrami, cheese and mustard. He loved it! They have bottled soda or for $2 you can get a cup for the fountain machine that gives you unlimited refills for that visit. Honestly you could easily share a sandwich with someone too they look small in some of the pictures but I assure you they are chocked full. The food was delivered on a frisbee for a plate!

They have a patio area and a happy hour menu Mon-Fri. The sign inside said they currently offer happy hour all day long on Sundays. They have plenty of tv's on the walls too. They also offer catering and party trays or boxed lunches. If you haven't tried Beach Hut Deli yet and love GOOD sandwiches then stop by!
Really glad we happen to find this place when we were driving around from the gym. Our sandwiches were soooo good! Lots of choices,Super cute vibe and the restaurant is huge! Love that they have outdoor seating and serve beer if you're in the mood. I only wish they had more bread options. For example we were hoping to put our sandwiches in a wrap rather than a roll but they only do lettuce wraps. We ended up choosing a thin wheat bread and it was great!!
I recall the first time I ever came here. I was excited because of the Yelp reviews and was glad that it was located so close to my house. I remember ordering the Pig Kahuna. The sandwich was boring and I think I only ordered it because it was the only one without cream cheese. The description for the sandwich sounded so good but did not meet expectations. Nothing special about the sandwich. I've returned to try other items about 2-3 times since then and even come here to see some local bands perform. I've come to the realization that the sandwiches are just big sandwiches with cream cheese. They're really bland and they try to cover them in sauce to make them taste like anything. I don't understand how this place is rated so highly. The sandwiches are so heavy. I guess that's what people like though. Ironically, they provide a calorie count. These numbers are not small at all. They're around 800+ calories. That made me want to eat there less. I know that most people aren't health nuts like myself but that just sounds disgusting to me. If it's going to be unhealthy, at least make it taste amazing so that it's worth the excess fat.
This place is simply THE BEST Sandwhich place. 

I love me some Panera, Capriotti's, Port of Subs, Firehouse, and even Subway. This is the Rolls Royce of Sandwhich shops! Great portions, amazing and fresh toppings.  The service is great, they are all so pretty ;) 

I had tha Santa Cruz which is pastrami, avocado, bacon and cream cheese, and I'm pretty sure angel dust. It was heavenly! I can't wait to go back. 

My co-worker had the Haole Cheese Steak which is hot roast beef, Monterey jack, cream cheese, onions and peppers with a special spicy marinade, and nearly had to change his pants from excitement...

This place. I'm a fan. I was able to eat my huge sandwhich for Lunch, and Dinner. 
Please support this amazing establishment, I know I plan to.
When I discovered this place, I knew I could no longer eat at the sandwhich chain that promotes healthy eating and weight loss. There's nothing healthy about having a sandwhich that has a huge chunk of cream cheese and regular cheese and mayo...and I freaking love it!!! My taste buds are happy little campers every time I leave this place.
My two favorites are the surfin' cow and Santa Cruz. Each sandwhich is packed full of meat and veggies, like freaking huge. I always have them add sprouts to the sandwhich, it gives it that extra kick for me. I always get the sandwhiches toasted. Super yummy, especially with the cream cheese.

My only bad experience was when they accidentally left the bacon out of my sandwhich. Instead of bringing the bacon on a small plate or a napkin, the guy just came over to my table and handed it to me with his bare hands. Ummm, can you say gross? I just didn't eat it. But I love this place and I will be back:)
In a desperate search for a weekend lunch change of pace, we remembered Beach Hut and moseyed over. The restaurant itself is much more substantial than I expected. When I think 
"sandwich place", the setup of Subway and Quizno's comes to mind. Beach Hut is an entirely different ballgame. It's big, with tons of seating, both indoor and out. It reminds me a lot of Rubio's in feel. 

The menu is enormous, so I definitely suggest giving it a quick once-over before you go. At first blush, the sandwiches seem a bit pricey (the low end is $7.50 for a small), but, in this glorious case, you totally get what you pay for! They are totally up for customizing your sandwich, which is awesome. You order at the counter, then your food is brought to you at your table. They do have a bar as well. 

The sandwiches were seriously delicious. I had a North Shore and Boyfriend had a Surfin Bird, minus the cheese and bacon. We got them to go and seriously contemplated weighing the to-go bag once we got home. We completely forgot, but I swear, those two sandwiches must have weighed like 3 pounds. So, so worth it. 

The only negative here is the service. They just don't seem to have everything 100% together. From where we were sitting, I could see the sandwich assembly and watched them put ingredients on our sandwiches that we didn't want, then take them off. The sandwiches were then brought to us on trays, even though we had asked for them to-go. They repackaged them in a bag for us, with a bit of an attitude. However, this is one of those rare occasions where the food is good enough to overshadow some sub-par service.
I was really impressed with this place when I first walked in the door. This changed really fast after placing my order.
First; $21 for two small sandwiches and two sodas. WAY OVERPRICED!
Second, the cool surf board table were inviting but the table were dirty and covered in trash and red baskets so we didn't get to sit at one. 
Third, these were two of the sloppiest sandwiches I have ever seen. My sandwich fell apart as soon as I picked it up. The bacon was as hard as a rock. It actually hurt my teeth to crunch it. The cream cheese that came in the sandwich was hard and clumpy, not spread like it should have been. I'm sure the sandwich would have tasted better had it not been for the burnt bacon and the frozen cream cheese.
My last, and biggest problem was the lack of professionalism from the employees. I only saw one girl working. The others were standing around, goofing off. Three of the girls were drinking a beer at the bar.
I'm not interested in eating at a restaurant where the employees don't care about their customers.
I will not return to this establishment. Too bad, because it looks really cool and has tons of potential.
Fantastic sandwiches!  Their prices are higher than your average sandwich shop but you definitely your money's worth. They pack each sandwich full of high quality meats and vegetables and the bread is soft and delicious. I'm not easily impressed by most sandwich places but this one made my top 5.
Probably one of the best sandwiches I've had. Very friendly staff, clean restaurant. On top of the great food, where else can you enjoy $2 happy hour pints?!?
Deli Sandwiches and great beer. I should love this place, but I struck out. Again and again, first it closes way too early. So, it took a few attempts to try them when open. Then, finally, the stars aligned. The number of sandwich choices is a bit overwhelming. Most reviews raved over the cream cheese on the sandwiches since I don't dig cream cheese I was left uncertain on what to order. 

We asked for recommendations and settled on the turkey, avocado, bacon and provolone ($7.50 sm) and the pulled pork splashed with Tabasco BBQ sauce, cheddar and pineapple ($10.50). They have Kona on tap which is a huge win! We ordered two beers ($7.90 each). Rather than the cashier informing us it was happy hour, I happened to catch the sign in just the nick of time. He corrected the order, and we got 2-for-1 beers. Yeah! 

While we waited for our sandwich we admired the atmosphere and enjoyed our beers. We love the laid back beach atmosphere. Our sandwiches were brought over on Frisbees - love it. We dug into our sandwiches - didn't love it. 

The bread was thick, dense and while sturdy it wasn't too tasty. They lay it on thick so these are sandwiches for hearty appetites. However, the blend of fillings didn't thrill us. The turkey tasted purely like mustard, the avocado would shoot out the side every time I took a bite. It was difficult to eat about 1/2 way thru I gave up. The pork was ok, but it was ruined by the tabasco BBQ sauce. There was so much of it there was no way to escape it. It completely overpowered any taste of cheddar or pineapple. 

Perhaps we chose poorly, but these sandwiches came highly recommended. I'm not sure that I'd return to try others. It's a real shame because the beer options are fantastic. It'd be better if this was primarily a bar.

2.5 stars
I really wanted to like this location.  I mean I REALLLLYYYY wanted to like this spot.  I grew up near Beach Hut in northern Cali and it quickly was one of my favorite lunch spots of all time.   I was stoked when I moved to NV and saw that they had a Beach Hut, it was one of the first places I had to go eat.  Upon arriving, I gave my order to a worker that I'm not sure knew where he was.  There are certain things I like on a sandwich and certain things I don't, usually it's not complicated and this was no exception.  Somehow just ordering turned into an approx 10 min ordeal.  I wish I could explain how it took so long to just go through what I wanted and what I didn't, but unfortunately I went through the process of repeating it twice (very slowly) and he still seemed confused.  The sandwich came out after another 10 min wait and was awesome, the food here I truly can't knock, it really is good.

The next time going here was fairly uneventful luckily (which truly should be expected at anywhere I go).  There was a longer than normal wait considering my order was the only one they were making, but the food made up for it.

My next trip here really bothered me to the point that I don't wish to go back.  I want to say, I DON'T mind waiting if the food is worth it, I may get a little annoyed considering there's typically no cooking for a sandwich, but I'll deal with it and be happy.  So upon walking in, I head right to the counter and give my order for a To-Go order.  Based on my previous experiences with Beach Hut in general, I know it'll take 5-10 minutes at least.  After being outside for maybe a minute or two tops, a young girl calls my name and tells me that my order is ready, which I found out.  I asked if she was sure it was mine which she tells me "yes", I repeat back what I ordered just to make sure because this seemed unusually quick.  She again tells me that it's mine while looking slightly annoyed.  Unfortunately I feel like somehow it's my fault for not trusting my gut instinct and actually opening up the sandwich and checking to make sure it was right.   So fast forward to 15-20 drive home and opening up "my" sandwich... well... i think you can guess that it wasn't mine.  If it was just a minor screw up like the same # but with/without onions I would be ok with it, but unfortunately this was just completely a different sandwich.  I don't prefer to have mustard and this thing was loaded up.  

Normally I'd chalk it up to just a normal error like when Fast Food happens to toss the wrong item on your burger, but this just doesn't have the same feel to it.  If there was more people inside ordering at the time I could understand just tossing the wrong sandwich in the wrong bag, unfortunately there was only 1 other person ordering and that was after me.  Best guess is they screwed up someone's sandwich and found a quick way to get rid of it.  

I'm sure in the future I'll break down and give this place another shot based on my love affairs with the ones from my home town, but I just don't see it happening anytime soon.  It's been 3 months since my last time here and I don't know when I'll try it again.

The food really is great and based on that alone I want to rate this 5 stars, just the employees/service bring this one down so badly to the point I feel 1.5/2 stars is appropriate.
What's not to like about Beach Hut Deli? Cool beach theme decoration, nice spacious interior and outdoor area, cold beer, delicious food, and large portions. Am I a fan?HELL YEAH!!

You can call them a "chain" which is why I usually passed on the lunch invites, but I probably wouldn't now. If you did though think of a Subway or Quiznos but on steroids. I ordered The Pig Kahuna, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beach-hut-deli-las-vegas?select=rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg#rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg they should call it the Big Kahuna at least that's what I called it when I placed my order.  A pile of pulled pork covered in a sweet, kind of mild BBQ sauce, melted cheddar cheese, and chunks of pineapple in a French roll.  I had the hardest time picking up The Pig Kahuna and taking a bite that I started to use a fork and knife to attack it.  It was delicious and put a smile on my face. They have other healthier sandwiches and other dishes which seemed big also.

They also have daily happy hour specials which run from 3 pm to 6 pm. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beach-hut-deli-las-vegas?select=rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg#_G9o8Wiph6vpLOdvXc0u2g and the happiest hour 3 pm to 4 pm for $1 pints.  Did I mention that they have a lot of TV? Great place to watch a sporting event.
I eat here pretty regularly. They have huge sandwiches, I can barely finish a small. The service is great, and it's pretty healthy food. I like that they post the calories of each sandwich on the menu. I'm a big fan of the surfin' bird. The outdoor seating is nice, but sometimes gets invaded with smokers. Great price for the quality and amount of food you get.
I've been here a couple of times now. It seems to be the sandwich spot we take people to when they want a yummy filling sandwich to eat. I love sandwiches and this spot is great. It has the things I love in most of the selections. Cream cheese and avocado! It's a big sandwich and stuffed with a lot of meat. The surfin bird is my favorite! My bfs favorite is the Pig Kahuna. Both are delicious. It is so filling! It's a bit on the pricey side but it is worth to get SO MUCH.
Another great find! Beach Hut Deli is tucked away behind BJ'S.  We strolled in Saturday evening.  It wasn't very busy so we had our choice of seating.  We were greeted immediately.  He was very helpful with the menu and checked on us during the meal.  Fantastic service! Food was prepared and brought to us in no time! 

With three of us, we agreed to try the Marley Nachos.  Thank goodness there there was just more than myself to eat this. It was a huge huge order of nachos.  They were topped with cheese, tomatoes, onions, peppers, cream cheese, avacado and bacon! Delicious!

My choice for a sandwich was the Beach Bikini.  It has turkey, cream cheese, cranberry sauce, sunflower seeds, alfalfa sprouts on sliced wheat.  OH YUM! It was a first for me to have sunflower seeds on my sandwich. I loved it! Combined with the sprouts and the sweetness of cranberry, this sandwich checked all of the boxes on my list! 

The guys had the large North Shore and the Spicolli.  The large north shore had three kinds of meat that was stacked! He couldn't finish it but had great leftovers for tomorrow! The Spicolli was great as well.  Turkey, cheese and bacon... My husband loves anything with bacon! Needless to say, the guys gave two thumbs up for their meals.  ;-)

The place itself has a great island/beach feel that is open and airy with plenty of indoor and outside patio seating.  There are smaller tv's above the booths and large tvs for those games you just can't miss. 

We loved our dining experience here and will be back!
Was hungry for something pastrami based and with enough meat to tell what you are eating. Two words...Santa Cruz. Fresh bread, generous toppings and a pile of meat. Carnivores will go away content. I really hate to say this but move over Capriotti's and Weiss. Also check out their happy hour specials. Nice selection on tap. Okay only thing preventing that fifth star is they have coke products and I am a Pepsi person. Will be a regular stop, you bet. Forgot to mention staff was great, answered questions and offered suggestions. Great lunch experience! Look forward to hitting a couple happy hours...32oz craft beer for $4, move over Barley's.... Nah can't go that far.
Sandwiches that give Capriotti's a run for its money in portion size and flavor.  Good service and decor plus having beers on tap is great.  The early closing times are a major let down.  It's like riding the bonzai pipeline only for your friend to knock the board out from under you.
One word. Cream cheese. Eh, two words, I guess. Ha. 

If you don't like cream cheese - you probably won't like this too much. I mean, yes they have sandwiches  that don't have cream cheese - but a majority do. And yes, you can ask for them without the cream cheese - but why mess with their signature creations? 

Portion sizes are pretty good. I get pretty full after eating one sandwich. I will admit though, I had one fatty day at that place. My friend and I couldn't decide - so we both ordered one sandwich and another one to share, plus the Marley Nachos to start with. Damn, i was full. I'm not a big fan of taking leftovers - nor do I like throwing away food, so I forced myself to eat everything. It was one of the best worst decisions I've made. 

The Marley nachos (onions, peppers, avocado, cream cheese, bacon and a few other items) sounded delicious. Kind of disappointed. It wasn't as good as it sounded or as I was hoping. I probably wouldn't get them again, but they weren't disgusting. Just wasn't my style - but my friend loved it. I'll leave it to you to decide. 

The Santa Cruz (pastrami, avocado, bacon, and cream cheese) is definitely one of my favorites. How can you go wrong with any of those items? 

In a strip mall, that's filled with at least 6 other places to eat - beach hut is definitely a stand out. Do yourself a favor and try it out.
This place is great! The sandwiches are delicious and inventive. They have a nice draft beer selection and patio area.
I was recommended to this place by a friend, and wow I was pleasantly surprised. My fiance loves sandwiches and I'm a pretty big fan of them myself. Having been burnt out on the traditional ham-cheese-mayo-turkey and vegetables that you find in most sandwich restaurants, I was pleasantly surprised to find this shop/lounge was nothing of the sort. All of their menu items are brilliantly described and the taste is even better. Loaded to the brim with all of the fixings and a wide assortment of condiments and ingredients that are not considered standard by most means, ie cream cheese. 

The price is a little on the steep side when you're considering you're paying for just a sandwich, but this is about as gourmet of a sandwich as you can get without it really being a gourmet sandwich. These guys make big, tasty, attractive sandwiches. Try it, I doubt you'll be disappointed.

Not to mention this place doubles as a bar/lounge area, with plenty of TV's so swing by on a Sunday and watch some football while you chow. Yes, that means beer too for you calorie lovers.

As for me, I'll be coming back fa-sho!
So good!! Awesome variety of toasted subs. The bread was perfect. They had a ton of options. And best of all, they had options that were different than the million other sub shops out there. 

They had a big screen and a comfy couch, so we got to watch some baseball playoffs while we waited for our subs to come out. So worth it!
Delious veggie sub! The Monteray is so tasty and I could only finish half a size medium! Great bread and about 2 avocados on my sub! Huge!
I'm a meat eater through and through, so why would I find myself craving a vegetarian sandwich ? The "California" at Beach Hut Deli is amazing. Loaded up with Avocado and Alfalfa sprouts, full of flavor and freshness. Sandwiches are HUGE, ingredients fresh. The Marley Nachos are great and remind me of BLT flavors in a good way.
The only caveat would be that their "assembly line" could be optimized a bit better to cut down on waiting time if it's busy.
Everything about this place rocks my world! The atmosphere is casual and friendly! It has indoor and outdoor seating, TV's for the sports fans, and the food is delicious!  I don't think I can make sandwiches at home anymore (and I make a pretty good sammich!) It is so much better to get one from Beach Hut! They have so many choices-not only of sandwiches, but meats, breads, condiments and toppings. It is fresh and fast and served on a Frisbee-so it pretty much screams awesome!! They have beer on tap, ya can't beat beer, sandwiches and sports! But they do-their staff is friendly, fun and constantly making sure we have everything we need and want. Courtney and Steve are so nice, and really want to give the best service and food possible! I'm already eating there once a week, I think I'm going to have to make it at least twice a week!
Just ok. Very pricy for what you get. $11 for a small sandwich and a drink? Sandwich was way overloaded with mustard, couldn't taste much else.
Great place for an awesome time and great food. Some of the best sandwiches in town. Steve and Courtney are great hosts.  Beach hut is a nice place to relax and hang with friends.  We go for trivia night every Thursday.  They have a great selection of craft beers on tap.  And the surfin bird is by far the best thing on the menu.
Came in here for lunch on a Sunday after stopping by the little farmers market they have setup on Sunday. 

The place was dead empty not sure if it's because of the farmers market or because everyone seemed to be at the crepe place next door. 

I had the skinny dipper, which is a roast beef dip. 

The sandwich was very flavorful and the au ju was very delicious and provided more than enough au ju. 

The roast beef was tender and the bread was amazing. Just wish it had more of a horseradish kick to the sandwich. 

Service was very friendly and top notch and they have lots of tvs and played every football game on at the time. 

Will definitely be back here to try some of their other sandwiches.
So after reading a handful of great reviews about this place, I decided to finally check it out...... 

They had quite the menu selection, so it was difficult to choose. I finally decided on the "Santa Cruz." I ordered a medium sandwich, no drink/no chips. And somehow, it still came out to $13.75. Sort of pricey for just a sandwich if you ask me!

I got sprouts on it, opposed to lettuce. I asked specifically for extra peppers, although they are supposed to be on your sandwich anyway, and yet they still forgot to put them on there somehow. I also got it "heated" but yet the cream cheese was still frozen in the middle..... 

Overall, the sandwich was just ohkay. Nothing great, nothing bad. Not quite sure if it was worth the money.

I will definitely be going back to try something else. Just wasn't overly impressed by my first visit.
I did not have a great experience with the people here. The staff wasn't polite and my sandwich wasn't great for the price.
Huge sandwich for the price.  Great quality meats and veggies....very fresh!!
Had the pulled pork salad and it was amazing!    Ice make was down, but the pulled Pork salad was AMZING!!!
Beach Hut is always delicious! Great atmosphere, friendly staff, excellent food. Try the Santa Cruz, it never disappoints!
The food is really good the music is rad.... But there were two employees that really killed the vibe did not enjoy my experience they were very grumpy didn't seem to care that we were even there. Barley acknowledged us when we came in or while we were eating  pretty lame!
Catching title and decor in the middle of a desert. Beach Hut Deli has a great outdoor patio with plenty of shade to escape the Nevada heat. The menu is comprised of great beach theme sandwich, burger and salad options. The price is average for a sandwich shop around $11 for a sandwich and a drink. I ordered the new item hightide, it comes with chopped pastrami, ham, crumbled bacon, mild cheddar, Pepperjack on a cheese garlic toast... Oh yeah it is warm and toasted. 

If you are looking for an alternative to the chain sandwich shops give it a try.
This place is great! Reminds me of being back in Florida have a great sandwich on the beach. Everything sounds great on the menu but I can't stop ordering the Hobie. 
Great vibe, great outdoor seating and great staff too.
LOVE this place! Amazing sandwiches, ambiance, and customer service. My favorite place to go for lunch and have a few beers. It is so relaxing and feels like a home away from home. 

The sandwiches are huge and so scrumptious! I especially love the cream cheese added. yum yum yum!
This place is literally the best place ever... The sandwiches are unbelievable and the service is nuts, the owners are so awesome and Melanie and Andrea super cool...
Made one of the greatest decisions I've made this week by trusting the great reviews of this awesome establishment!!! From the super laid back music, decor, and attentive staff. The food speaks volumes and not just in taste, the portions will knock your socks off (which is a good thing since you're technically at the "BEACH!") 

My husband and I shared the large "Santa Cruz" (hot pastrami, melted provolone, cream cheese, mayo, must, lettuce, onions, pickles, peppers, bacon, and avocado!!!) words can't explain the multitudes of flavor profiled in this beautifully built sandwich! The large was enough for us both along with a bag of "dirty" chips and a tall 32oz longboard lager to wash it down!!! Needless to say I'm one happy girl!!! 

If you are looking for amazing food, beer, music, and a great staff then this is definitely your place!!!
Yum!! Delicious sub sandwiches with a Cali Cool feel.  I get the Veggie California with avocado, sprouts and I add tuna.  Gourmet made to order.  Such a fun real staff!! I love Andrea and Louise.  Surf tunes playing and killer micro brews on draft.  Pipeline Porter. Great White.  An outdoor patio.  It feels like home.  Oh and they have Dirty chips - Funky Fusion is the best :). All for about the price of Subway.  Thanks guys - never change :)
The Beach Hut Deli is a fantastic sandwich shop with a Mellow beach vibe!.  The sandwiches are huge with fresh meats and vegetables available in 3 sizes. I can't finish a medium and would most likely need a friend to finish a large...  This is my 4th one here and I have had a different sandwich each time.  The menu is expansive and covers all the bases for styles and meats and imaginative combinations that you have never thought of!!       The place it's self is very comfortable and spacious with a out door covered patio and there is a couch area around a tv for group sports watching!! 

Bottom line... If you are a fan of sandwiches  this place should be next of your list to try!!
Without a doubt the best place in Las Vegas for a sandwich!!  Huge portions and great service. NEVER had an issue with service or quality.  Great patio on sunny days or stay inside with tables and booths. You cant go wrong with this place. Try the Santa Barbara....
I had the Surfin Bird. The quality of the Turkey sucked for me, especially for the price.  I loved the lettuce that is shredded very fine, yum.  It smells so good when you walk the door.    It got my taste buds going!
Reading the other reviews has brought me to the conclusion there are certain sandwiches there that are VERY delicious and some just so so.  I was not too impressed,  but  I am willing go back and try a different sandwich.  I don't recommend the Surfin Bird.  Also, they should hollow out the bread a bit because everything squishes out the sides.
This is the best place to get food and beer in Las Vegas. Period. The team there is awesome and the atmosphere is like nothing else in Las Vegas. I am a beer and food fan. I am not a gambling fan. This rules out 99.9% of bars in Las Vegas. Beach Hut is the only .1% that I have found. 

They have about 6 revolving taps but always have Eye of the Hawk on tap (which if you haven't had, please turn off your computer and go to Beach Hut and order a pint). If you like craft beer, this is the place for you. (btw all beers are happy hour cheap... seriously)

Now, the food. Well what can I say? The sandwiches are huge, delicious, customizable, and bacon is always at the ready. They have some really amazing combinations that are just amazing.

There is outdoor seating (which is nice if you regularly dine in the local caves), indoor seating, big TVs with sports or the Food Network on, reggae playing, super chill atmosphere. They have bands play there every now and again at night. 

TL;DL: Bomb Food, Bomb beer, Bomb people, just go and have a sammy and a pint- thank me later.
Great experience my first time around.  I ordered the pastrami.  So delicious!  I've never had a pastrami melt with avocado, but it was to die for.

I want to come back on a Sunday.  $15 endless mimosas!  Hoping to go tomorrow.

Only negative is, we brought all of our chips to the front (4 whole bags).  She rang us up, we got drinks while we waited for the sandwiches, and then she brought us a giant to-go bag.  I guess we assumed they'd help us and put our chips in the bag for us (like at Capriotti's), but they didn't.  Got home and had no chips, but they definitely charged us for them.  Otherwise, I would've given 5 stars.  Love the food, service is "meh."
I was really impressed for about two when I started coming here on my lunch breaks from school. But then after a few days spending at least $10 each visit for a medium sandwich then $5 for chips and a drink. It sucks. I can't leave there without spending $18 on lunch and the staff isn't too pleasing. On a students tiny budget I don't think I'll be eating here anymore.
I'm still dreaming about Sunday bottomless mimosas. Sadly, we were on our way to deliver a wedding cake so we didn't have time to enjoy them. Next time!

I wanted to try something new but I just kept thinking about the pastrami melt with avocado. It's on garlic bread and the bread actually has real chunks of roasted garlic. Delish!  They are super super generous with their avocado portions, which I love. I had my 22 month old daughter with me, so I took half the avocado off for her snack and it as still enough. 

Hubby got the pig (?) not sure on name. He said it was so yummy. I would've tried it but I'm a weirdo that always goes no mayo, no mustard, no sour cream, no white creamy sauce etc. I wanted to try it though but he loves mayo. 

Funny story, my previous review was very good (4 stars) but I did mention they forgot to put chips in the to go bag. The girl at the counter must've seen my pic or remembered us (our kid is pretty cute, ha!!) and took care of our chips this time. A little embarrassing, but I so do appreciate the attention to detail in yelp reviews, as I'm the same was a a biz owner. 

Side note, we live in Mountain's Edge, so we actually travel all the way here. Will be back for those darn mimosas!  One Sunday soon!

Funny at
Went back in today had a much much better experience with the staff wasn't so lame this time lol food was good good atmosphere will start coming back more often
Beach Hut Deli is awesome. The Surfin Bird and the Surfin Cow are delicious. Portions are outstanding! You will definitely get full here. The photos people have posted are true advertisement, so yes the sandwiches are really that thick. Best sandwich shop I have been to in years.
I absolutely love this place. 

The first time I tried Beach Hut I was on vacay in Reno. I had major sammich withdraws until they opened up this location. 

Beach hut really knows how to make a proper sammich, like the kind that barely fits in your mouth. I can't seem to get away from my plain and boring turkey and provolone even though I really want to try the Beach Meat Ball, and the Spicolli. My boyfriend is ridiculously picky about his sammiches, and this place nails it for him every time! 

Along with a great sammich, they have a decent selection of chips (not that crap you find at Port of Subs), and other munchies... try the chili nachos!  Plus you can wash it all down with an ice cold beer... great selection of micro beers. 

They have a nice size covered patio if you chose to eat outside, which isn't really common here in Vegas, but if you prefer to sit inside the booths are comfy, and there's even a comfy couch, so you can feel like you're having a sammich at home! 

I've yet to be here for any of the live music events, but I bet it would be a great time!
My first time here and I like the place. Great sandwiches and salads made to order, they have beer and indoor outdoor seating.  Very comfortable and chill. My daughter and I had A GREAT  lunch. I will definitely be back.
I've decided that I'm a sandwich type of gal.. Especially that I've tried Beach Hut Deli today!

Located besides Pin Kaow, right behind BJ's! Another place close to work and great for lunch!

Coworker and I decided to get two different sandwiches and split it!
All regular sandwiches include mayo, mustard, pickles, tomatoes, lettuce, red onions, peppers and cheese!
She got the Surfin' Bird - turkey, avocado, bacon and cream cheese on a wheat roll.
Cream cheese sounded odd to me but biting into the sandwich was amazing! Creaminess of both the avocado and cream cheese complimented the savory turkey and bacon! 
I got the Hobie - Italian dry salami, pastrami, provolone and Italian dressing on a sweet French roll. Meaty, very tasty and even though my vinaigrette was pouring out of my sandwich it was not over powering. 
Fresh veggies for sure and not drenched with mayo and mustard! Great baked breads also! 

I see myself coming back here for lunch again!
Beach Hut Deli is a Las Vegas gem.  The laid back atmosphere, generous portions, and delicious sandwiches are unique to the Las Vegas restaurant industry.  

I've only had the pleasure of visiting Beach Hut twice, but I plan on returning as soon as another sandwich craving hits me.  Call me crazy, I actually ordered the Surfin' Bird two days in a row.  The mix of soft bread with cream cheese, bacon, and avocado makes my mouth water as I type - if only this was a zero calorie entree!

I'm leaving 5 stars because I want you to experience Beach Hut Deli, but BRING A SWEATSHIRT (think Jimmy John's temperatures).  It was freezing both times I visited the Eastern Ave location, however, I'd much prefer it to be cold than warm.  

Check it out!
So glad to finally have another choice of eating establishments so close to home!

Fantastic sandwiches (they use Boar's Head product and it doesn't get much better than that!), Ice cream is delish (Dryers!), and the service is quick and friendly. You can buy Boar's Head sliced from them at prices much lower than the local grocery stores to make your own sandwiches as well. Pickles (Claussen!!) , chips and a small cookie (Otis Spunkmeyer!) come with each sandwich.

The environment is nice and very basic, but it gets the job done. Clean and comfortable.

The ONLY thing that this place is lacking is hot sandwiches (Have to go elsewhere if I am craving a hot pastrami). 

We will definitely be back!!
I left my original review up (was 3 stars..) we have been several times after and it's been great and consistent :) we always get the cowboy which is awesome! (Have also tried the Hawaiian and the Arizonan both are great!!) chalking up the original bad experience to being a new restaurant and working out the kinks! 

*****must try*****

When a friend first went here she was very disappointed in the service  so I figured I should at least try it.. My fianc and I went in and decided to share a sandwich which was great we got the cowboy.. It was very reasonably priced... They were a little slow took them from start to finish about 10-15 mins and we were the only ones in there .. Two people came in for ice cream while we were waiting ( about 5/6 employees working plus the owner.....) very clean environment and friendly service cookie chip and pickle included in the meal drink was extra. ice cream was cristaly and did not taste as good as I thought it would..but couldn't complain for a dollar!


The next time I ordered delivery.. I asked them if they would substitute the cheese on one sandwich they said no as all sandwiches were priced accordingly I offered to pay more (I said so add a dollar and subs. Swiss for provolone... They told me no so I ordered a different sandwich (the cowboy as I knew it had a lot of meat for the price) ... I got my sandwich and they had left off the onions .. Which I got a kick out of they will tell someone no to substituting but then forget to put an ingredient on!?!?!? It was still good got a 4 dollar milkshake.... To small for 4 dollars but very tasty ... 


I can only rate this 3 stars as of right now wasn't super impressed but will return as there is nothing in San tan
Nice suprise for the San tan valley...great value at $5-$7 per sandwich which comes with chips pickle and a cookie. Large portions...products are all boars head. I like more dressing, so be sure to ask for mayo and mustard on take out. The PB&j for kids is big and messy..but tastes great. Not super impressed with the icecream..not a big fan of dryers..but good prices on a cone. Wish they'd add some hot sandwich options...crossing my fingers
Definitely a great addition to what's out here. We went in the 1st time for ice cream (hellz yeah Pistachio!!). For the 2nd time we ordered lunch to-go. Fresh sandwiches with nice quality ingredients. I had a Windy City (corned beef) and my boyfriend had the NYC (pastrami)...both were really good and I loved that the bread they were on was FRESH and soft. We ordered them for take-out, everything was ready when I showed up, they even put the soda in the cups for us (instead of giving us empty cups and having us do it ourselves at the fountain)...it was a nice touch since I was trying to balance the bag of food plus car keys, phone, wallet, etc. They're getting my repeat business for sure. Nice people behind the counter, I really hope they do well here.
I called this place when they first opened and was told they had Boar's Head cold cuts. So I stopped by with my husband for lunch. What a disappointment! I could have made a better sandwich at home. Hardly any meat, no condiments between two slices of white bread. They are overpriced. No sides come with your sandwich, so be prepared. I don't even know if they have sides. The staff didn't seems to know what they were doing.
This is a wonderful little shop. Serves boars head meat and cheese sandwiches plus ice cream. If your in the area definitely stop by and give it a try.
Boars Head meat and cheese...Need I say more!?  Ordered the Italian Stallion, very good!!   Wife ordered the Greek sandwich and said it was delicious!!  Lavelles is not skimpy with the meat!!  Give them a try.  Nice, friendly staff.
Came here the other night with my husband for some ice cream. Really liked the portion sizes and the ice cream selection. I had strawberry cheesecake in a baby cone and my husband had pecan praline in a big cup. It was delicious and the overall atmosphere of the shoppe was great. I plan on going back very shortly to try their food selection so I will update.
Actually came here when they had just opened and were a little underwhelmed. I know they've been open over a year now and can see why. What an improvement! Went there for lunch today with my husband and left happy. We actually tried to get lunch at Papa Kenos which is in the same shopping center but left....it was a hot mess over there. My husband had the Italian beef sandwich and was in love. He was tempted to get another roll so the broth that was left in his basket wouldn't go to waste. I got the P.L.T (prosciutto, lettuce, tomato and mozzarella with some sort of oil/vinegar dressing on white bread) Holy hell it was good!! Sandwiches came with a pickle and cookie and we left FULL! Will definitely be back to try the different sandwiches they have!
Love this place food is great the owners and staff are very polite very clean place I will definitely keep coming back keep up the good work lavelle's
Lavelle's is extremely fairly priced and delicious! I loved the food and the owner was very pleasant. He was able to make suggestions based on preferences I expressed and I really appreciated that. 

They also have I've cream and it's delicious! They serve Boar's Head meat which is incredible, and the place is VERY clean - which I find to be highly important. 

10/10 would recommend and will definitely go back!
This was a good place with friendly service. Sadly went down a couple days ago to get a sandwich and an eviction notice was posted on the door. Sad to see this place close the doors.
Formerly Peckham & Rye, Henri's opened here in June 2011 after Peckhams went in to administration. There was a public (and by public I mean social media) out pouring of grief at the closure of its stores around Edinburgh. This place has big shoes to fill...

My visit recently, on a not so sunny or warm day, was fueled by necessity. Jenny. L, Claire. C and I needed somewhere to eat after a laborious day trawling through the charity shops in Stockbridge. With all of us having various different plans for social activities that evening, and the fact that it was now far too late for our meal to be considered lunch, we needed somewhere that could provide us with both light snacks and more substantial meals. As none of us had been to Henri's before we decided to give it a go, as always relishing the opportunity to write a Yelp review for somewhere new.

Henri's is comprised of a deli at the front of the store and a cafe to the rear, which was warm and inviting after being out in the cold. The place was packed (always a good sign) even though we were looking for a table well after 2pm. Our waitress very kindly managed to squeeze us around a table so we weren't kept waiting long. 

Naturally on a cold day everyone ordered tea, which was served loose leaf in brightly coloured tea pots, which I think can be bought from the store. (They were on shelves in the deli but unpriced so I have no idea how much the cost.) Cheese features heavily on the menu which severely limited my menu choices having a lactose intolerant diet. Ordering something was made all the more dangerous due to the menu being in French. With a little guidance from our waitress I decided on rillettes pur canard with toasted bread. The rillettes was mouthwatering, incredibly smooth and not terribly fatty as some pates can be.

The staff were really accommodating and friendly and whilst the menu was a little on the pricy side it's a nice place to go as an occasional treat.

Future reviewers! Find out how much the tea pots cost!
Replacing the old Peckham's (which I'd avoided ever since the food-poisoning incident of 2007), Henri's is a natural addition to the foodie paradise that is Stockbridge.
Unlike the Morningside branch, Raeburn Place gives priority to the caf facilities and does so very well. It is on the pricey side, but the sort of pricey one doesn't mind paying The coffee is excellent, the bread delicious. Everything is presented well and served with charm and professionalism. 
I love browsing the food shelves but have never felt the urge to buy anything, however I am slowly working my way through the food and drinks menu.
Very nice place for a light meal. Good choice of cheeses and other foods. Nice wine selection.
Located where Peckhams used to be, Henri is a French deli and cafe in Stockbridge, perfectly located for a stop during some charity shop shopping or after a wander in the Botanics and Inverleith Park, or even after a browse around the Modern Art Galleries.
The coffee is very good, and I had only gone for coffee until recently. But after a wander up the Galleries the other day we had cheeky stop for coffee and got tempted by a platter of charcuterie and cheese.  We ordered a small size one, which was plenty for 2 for a late afternoon snack.  Different kinds of yummy cheese, and some saucisson, and ham, accompanied by a couple of olives and cornichons. Gorgeous!
The deli counter has an extensive selection of French cheese, and if you like your smelly cheese, it is the place to go!
They do bread and viennoiseries, which I hear are good.
The shop also has an selection of French delicacies, from nougat to cassoulet. They also sell wines and other alcoholic drinks, which are a bit overpriced, but can be nice as a present.
Being French myself, I find the shop expensive, but it is fabulous to make presents to a foodie friend or as a little occasional treat.  The cafe is however reasonably priced and the staff are very friendly.  I can only recommend the place.
I rarely make it down to Stockbridge, but when I do there is always some new delight to surprise me. Henri's of Edinburgh was just this the last time I visited. Apparently quite new, in the old Peckham's space, it doesn't look like it's 'the new kid on the block.' Instead, it already sits very proudly and confidently with it's large deli and caf space, French charm, and alluring deli and cake display. 

I believe they supply a few other French cafs in Edinburgh with their cheeses, or bread (La Barantine in Bruntsfield for example). This is no faux-French deli. It's French cheeses imported, French recipes for the quiches, French items on the menu like Pork pate, and an array of delightful French cakes.

As I mentioned, the space is really big. Most delicoius delis are packed into small wee spaces, but Henri's has ample browsing space, ample eating space, and also room for some items in a shop that you can buy. They sell spirits, wines, tea pots and cups, books, cheese boards and knives... any French foodies haven really.

When myself, Kelly F and Claire C came here for lunch we each had something a bit difference and not a morsel was left. Me, the quiche, Kelly the pate and Claire the cheese and ham board. All of them came with delicious pickle garnishes (win!) and oui, c'est tres bon! Le nom.

I do envy Stockbridge slightly for having Henri's. However, up my end of town there is La Barantine (which as I mentioned stock Henri's cheeses on their boards and sandwiches). So I wouldn't trek across town for it, but if I were in Stockbridge and wanted lunch I think Henri's would be top of the list.
As sad as it was to see peckams close in Stockbridge Henris have admirably stepped in an created a great coffee shop and deli.

As well as a doing a great flat white and croissant they are one of the only shops in the city that stocks Puddledub pork. A huge lifesaver. No matter your ethics on the subject there are also one of the only purveyors of fois gras in the city, on nom nom.

Great place for a chilled Sunday :)
A lovely little bakery and shop in the fabulous stockbridge. We stopped here for a quick pastry ( as you can see from my photo, it looks and tasted delicious) and a latte. Both I cannot fault. I also had great glee at looking at all the shelves of delicious food, pastas etc...oh and did I mention that they have a section at the front of the shop that sells fresh bread, salami and cheese! We bought some and i will definatley be back :) Made me smile
I wanted to like this place, I really did...seeing as I am from SF, I thought - how perfect! A little slice of North Beach here in Phoenix. Not so much, as it turns out.

The meat, cheese and other toppings were great and generous, and I love the sauce they use on the sandwiches, but the bread is terrible. I am not sure if I had stale bread or what, but it was chewy and dry - I couldn't even finish my sandwich. Very disappointing, especially given the price.
Deli?? I did not see a meat slicer, a display case with meats and cheeses to choose from? The menu is just a list items to make sandwich with? Jersey Mikes now that is a deli!
Sorry, Jimmie John's, but I had to give it a 2.  Not because the food doesn't taste good, but because you have screwed up my orders twice in a row now.  Considering this establishment has only been opened a month or two at this location, not really doing too well, thanks.  Namely, I have ordered sandwiches and asked for specific items to be added to those sandwiches and no, those items were not on the sandwich when I got back to the shop and we opened them up. I thought it was awesome that they have the subs made so fast - like in less than a minute.  However, if speed compromises accuracy, then it isn't worth a hill of dog dung.  SLOW DOWN a bit and get the orders right!!  I did contact a manager at that store yesterday who apologized. I'll go there a few more times and see what happens, this particular location is about a block away from where I work, so easy enough to go back.
Edited: Forgot to add that I am not going to take the manager up on his offer of a free sub.  I would rather pay and see if they are going to get this stuff right and not get any special treatment, just another face in a crowd and please get the order right.  I don't want to have to resort to opening up the wrappers on the subs I order, looking at it right there at the counter and seeing if they got it right - but if they are going to be Jack-In-The-Box style about accuracy, then that may be what I am going to have to do.

Editing: 5/16/2012
Went back again today.  I had forgotten on my main review of this place that there isn't a napkin to be found anywhere in the facility.  I have been in there a total of 4 times before today.  I was never offered napkins and couldn't find any, anywhere.  I was not asked whether it was to go and would I like my sandwiches in a bag on ANY of those 4 occasions.

I also forgot that I had also ordered oregano - it's a freebie you can ask for - on the last 2 visits and guess what I didn't get? Oregano, of course.

Today, I ordered two sandwiches.  I don't know if they got my manager's sandwich right or not as I had to leave when I took it back to the shop.  But mine?  I asked for Dijon mustard.  Maybe they ran out?  There was so little of it on the sandwich I could hardly taste it and the same with the oregano.  Perhaps you have to go squeeze back in there with all those people working the line back there to tell them how much of anything you want?  If you ask for mustard, does it not therefore stand to reasonably expect that you can actually TASTE it in the sandwich?  I don't eat mayonnaise so I make up for that by having mustard put on.  They did get the peppers on this time, though the amount of onions on the sandwich?  Couldn't taste them, either.  This isn't a Subway sandwich shop where you can tell them how much of whatever you want on it, but since it isn't, if a person asks for something to be added, there should be enough on the sandwich to actually be able to TASTE that it's on there.

Because of today's experience, the rating stands at a 2.  It's not a 1 but it's definitely not a 3, either.  If/when their customer service level rises up a notch - meaning they actually listen to the customer and perhaps do what the customer asks, then it might go up to a 3...........and it would be helpful if they actually had napkins out where anyone can grab them! Oh, I know, cost cutting measure.  Great, but on 4 visits I didn't receive a SINGLE napkin?  Look, in my book, simply because the people working behind the counter are nice and friendly does not make up for a complete lack of doing what you, the paying customer, are asking them to do.
Went again yesterday.  I asked for ample amount of Dijon mustard and again, when I actually bit into the sandwich, I didn't taste ANY mustard until about halfway through it,when I had a faint taste of it. I have never been asked if I am eating in or taking out, the same this time. When I was handed a sandwich - without a bag or napkins - I then simply stated I wanted it in a bag.  I assumed they would stuff napkins in with it, they did not. Napkins are NOT available to you unless you ask for them, they do NOT have them set out anywhere to access them, I have learned, they are behind the counter.

Apparently, Jimmie John's expects you to eat your food without a single napkin available as they are not given to you with your sandwich and they are not offered and they are not available anywhere in the place except behind the counter.  I am going to call their corporate office and ask whoever I end up with some direct questions about how they feel each restaurant should be operated and with what parameters.  Does it sound petty? Well, IMO, this shouldn't even be an issue to have to discuss, but it is and I find this company totally lacking in it's customer service set.
This will be my final update of this establishment.
I went in there again today.  This time I just flat out asked them why there aren't any napkins anywhere?  Oh, they got my sandwich right - for once.  Anyway, the 2 kids behind the counter start shrugging their shoulders then say: We aren't allowed to give you napkins or a bag.  But, they are "hiding" behind the counter.  ???

What do you mean, you aren't allowed to give customers napkins?  Someone actually told you you cannot give a customer a napkin?  Well, they're hiding behind the counter, pointing to a huge stack of them - yes - behind the counter.  This is starting to get appalling.  So, they are intoning that if I want napkins I reach over the counter and grab them myself without asking.  Same with a bag, if you want to take your sandwich/sandwiches home or to your work with you in a bag, you will have to grab that bag yourself.

That was enough.  I asked for a manager.  A dude comes from behind the counter, the only one back there that wasn't a teenager and I asked him the same thing.  Why no napkins?  "Corporate policy".  Are you SERIOUS?!!! What kind of blooming restaurant has a corporate policy NOT to give napkins to it's customers?!!!  He state the same regurgitated rhetoric: They're hiding behind the counter.  Well why bother having them there if no-one is allowed to USE them?  Shall I use my shirt sleeve to wipe my mouth?  

Jimmy Johns is new to this area.  It was the 6th time I had been to this one, a new one just built a few months ago.  It is also the last time I will EVER go to that place.  They don't want to give out napkins and actually have a POLICY NOT to do so? They can go stick it where the sun don't shine.
Oh Jimmy Johns, you chain sandwich place, why oh why do you have to be in my hood!!!! Your free smells entice me your fresh bread delights me, oh I could live on just your bread alone, but now your close to my house and will deliver sandwiches to me, is this heaven or hell!!!!  

Yep got me a Jimmy Johns right around the corner from my house now, and though I try to stay out of chain places, but I love love love me some Jimmy Johns!  My daughter and I were starving and didn't feel like making anything so she said lets order some sandwiches and have them delivered, I was like yea, let's see how Fast their Fast is! Ok we ordered 2 Beach clubs & BAM! at my place in less than 10 mins from time we ordered them!  

Sandwich was fresh and delish, and didn't disappoint!  Yep I'm a Jimmy Johns fan!
I quit going there, my manager did not.  He came back from JJ's, looked in his bag and started shaking his head.  He had asked for mustard and mayonnaise packets.  Guess what wasn't in the bag?  "They can't get anything right.  It was a simply request.  You'd think with 20 people working back there they might get something right". 
I no longer patronize this establishment, they have proven beyond any measure of doubt that their employees could care less about whether they get your order right or not.
I'm a Jimmy John's fan from living in Minnesota. I was excited to see a joint open up in this area!

Free smells? Tons of humorous reading entertainment on the wall? Friendly service? "Freak fast"? Yep, all here.

Healthy fast food, way better than the so called "underground-rapid-transit" sub place, and super tasty food make Jimmy John's THE go to place for subs and sandwiches.

Sandwiches being one of my favorite lunch foods, there are several important factors that go into a superb sandwich.

First, you need to start out with doughy, thick, and flavorful bread (multi-grain bread is a top pick); check. Next you need some sort of crunch, such as fresh and green lettuce, crispy onions, or pickles with a snap; check. Most importantly, you need a variety of flavorful protein like turkey, chicken, capicola, salami and more that will compliment each other; check.

Oil and vinegar dressing is oh so simple but oh so savory and sweet. Tons of available free add-ons, cheap and speedy delivery, and whole pickles available as a side... what more can you ask for? Okay, you want a cookie? They have those too!

The employees have fun while working and actually eat the food on their breaks (good sign that the food is good). You can buy the regular sub loaves at the end of the day for cheap, and if you are not wanting to eat much bread, you can get your sandwich as an "unwich", which is all the regular stuff wrapped in enormous leaves of iceberg lettuce. (Try the Gargantuan as an unwich; it's packed with meat, it's delicious, and it's definitely filling.)
Love the subs, fast service, and they have a drive up window in Chandler
Fast, drive up window, and quality samiches!
Superb service. Great value. Wonderful sandwiches! 

We bought the most expensive sandwich on the menu and my wife and I had to split it because it was so big. I think the whole dinner including drinks was like $12.00 or something. 

We loved the food. The French bread is so good it reminded me of my time in Louisiana. 

Everybody was friendly and helpful. 

LOVE LOVE LOVE!
It's Jimmy John's... every time I've been to this location they're fast, the orders are made correctly and it's clean. I have no issues here and continue to eat here. :)
Fast, efficent sandwich making here. Not much as far as "service", cashier took order and moved me along. Minute later I was out the door. Works for me.
Sandwiches are good.  They have messed up my order multiple times. They offer to bring me a new one but I opt for the free sandwich on my next order. I have a limted lunch hour and do not have the extra time for them to remake and deliver me another sandwich.
Love Love Love JJ's!!!!!!! They are a 1000 x's better then subway and Jersey Mike's. So glad one opened up by my house! Will be going there often! :D
Fantastic subs, good customer service and prices. And really quick delivery service, Jimmy Johns is my spot.
I've ordered online for delivery quite a few times from this location, and like all Jimmy John's I was not at all disappointed. Arrived quickly to my house, smile on the delivery person's face and sandwich was delicious. Best part, there isn't an insane delivery charge for your stuff. The actual building is nice too the one time I went in. Friendly staff. Would recommend this location as well as Jimmy John's in general. Subway has nothing on Jimmy John's!
i worked at a jimmy johns in high school and i remember delivering to a decent sized area but its pretty lame that me living 3 blocks away couldnt get delivery. i drove there and there were drivers standing around but they couldnt shoot straight down warner?
Not freaky fast delivery, ordered a few times, takes over an hour.
Ordered online. It was super easy to customize my order. It only took a minute or so to confirm the order through e-mail. Left immediately afterwards by the time I got there it was waiting for me.
I've been here three times now and the subs get better everytime!!! Fast delivery and great subs!! Best cold subs in town!!
DISGUSTING! POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE! WILL NEVER ORDER AGAIN! 

It really takes a lot for me, not only to complain to the restaurant itself but to go through the grueling process of writing a review is unheard of in my world. I would have even kept my mouth closed and continued to frequent this establishment had they made me feel like a valued customer which I am and would have continued to be. 

First of all, the "manager" Bo is completely incompetent. My (almost) everyday ritual was to order the EXACT same sandwich through delivery and it has been good, most of the time. However, today it was terrible and only when you have a problem with your order will you start to see how poorly the rest of the business is run. 

After explaining my intention to take my business elsewhere due to the poor experience and also let others know, this "manager" Bo told me that I can stop "threatening" him. That doesn't sound like something a manager or someone with a vested interest in the company would say now does it? And furthermore, since when is letting a company know that you will take your business elsewhere a threat? 

Anyway, my tuna sandwich that I order almost everyday had more mayo than actual tuna. Thin strip of tuna, an inch layer of mayo glooping off the sandwich and getting all over my hands and everywhere else. It was very sloppy, wet, soggy and absolutely disgusting and they were not willing to fix the situation unless it was immediately at that moment due to a "new company policy". I will be calling and speaking to the GM tomorrow to question if this policy is real and if it will be continued because obviously you do not want another sandwich immediately when you have had a disgusting mess of one today. 

I will not be returning and will be spending a lot of time letting others know how bad the service is with this place. YUCK!
I loved Jimmy John's.  But recently there is something seriously wrong at this location on Arizona Ave. I always order a Slim 5, its just bread, meat and cheese.  But the past 5 times I've ordered this simple sandwich, they manage to screw it up. Its always missing cheese or they give me a #5 with all the condiments on it (im the pickiest eater in world and hate condiments on my sandwich). I can understand how a slim 5 and #5 could get mixed up but the other 4 times, the cheese is missing!  How difficult can it be to put cheese and meat on bread? Really now. Maybe if the manager would stop juggling sandwiches, dropping them on the floor then serving those sandwiches to customers,  and pay more attention to what the staff is doing, there wouldn't be a problem. But when I see the manager messing around plus 12 employees working, I can't even understand why the hell they forget the fucking cheese!!!! Ridiculous. I called and complained and left a survey for corporate,  now they're blowing up my phone trying to "make it right" with me, again, for the 5th time. And calling me as much as they have is harassment. This is how you make it right Jimmy John's... PAY ATTENTION TO WHAT YOU'RE DOING. Stop fucking around and do your job, its really not that difficult.  You've lost a very loyal customer who came there weekly and ordered catering often. All this because of your negligence over a few pieces of cheese. How sad.
Ive been eating here almost everyday the last 2 weeks I love the roast beef slims and the delivery does not disappoint it is freaky fast!! Highy recommended.
I do like the Club Tuna and the Cali Club is ordered a lot at our home.  The bread is my least favorite vessel for the delivery of delicious tuna and vegetables, but it'll suffice. We also order chips to place upon the goodness that is the sandwich, because 'Merica.  And it's crunchy (plus the sandwich could use a little more flava...add hot peppers here).  The delivery charge sucks but it's cheaper than a DUI and doesn't involve getting dressed to enter the public realm so we sacrifice our couple of dollars.  Also, I'd be less annoyed ordering via phone if a: the website was more reliable via the phone or tablet app, b: anybody on the other end could stop interrupting me to ask me the question I'm going to tell them the answer to prior to the asking, and c: turn the damn music down for your employees so they can actually hear the customer.  Both times I've been in the store I've had to basically yell, and since I don't hear well in loud environments I absolutely refuse to enter by foot, and you'd have to hold a gun to my head to get me to use the drive through.  Enough blabbering though, the food is fresh, good to eat, and easy to prepare.
Sandwiches are great, clean restaurant and the service is good. I will be coming back here.
I don't think I've had a more annoying delivery order. Took 50 mins and multiple calls to get my sandwich. I even asked to come pick it up but it was already on the way. I tipped the guy still even though I wanted to give 0 only because he was nice and I felt guilty. My sandwich isn't even what I ordered and even paid extra for different meat. Freaky fast delivery? How about order some more staff! 

I called to let her know it was wrong after the long wait and she said they would send me the correct sandwich. No one delivered the right sandwich.
Wow, finally a good sandwich in the valley!!!!!
I was introduced to Togo's by my boyfriend, orginially from California. I love sandwiches so of course, I was excited to try a new place. It's about a 10 minute drive from his house (about 20 minutes from mine) so we decide to head over from his place on a sunday afternoon. To my delight, it just happens to be my favorite sandwich as the daily special (turkey and avocado). How awesome!! We decide to order two sandwiches each, one for now and then one for later since the prices are great for the daily special. The sourdough bread is great but a little hard to eat so if you're looking for a softer bread, I'd go with the parmesean. Similar to subway, you are able to add your own toppings but cheese is extra. Sandwiches are stuffed full of goodies and just thinking about it makes me want to eat one now!!

The only negative (for me at least) is that it seems to take a long time for them to make the sandwiches. So, if you're in a hurry, I'd call ahead to order or just plan to be there a little while. My boyfriend and I now dub "Togos" as our sunday afternoon treat spot and have been several times since it opened. Staff is extremely friendly and the place is spotless. Totally love and will keep coming back!!
I am so happy Togos is back in AZ they are a bit higher priced than other sandwich places, but it is worth the money! I love love the #9 hot pastarami sandwich and it is amazing every time i get it!!! I would like to suggest offering an extra large size drink though, seems Subway has them beat on drink sizes, but I will forever be a togos customer!!! Put one in Chandler!!!
I stopped in after visiting the Doctor next door.  Wow!  This place is fantastic!  I was a fan of Subway but Togos is my new number 1.  Great food, wonderful and helpful employees and the place was so clean you can eat off the floors!  Forget about the other sandwhich shops in town. This place has the best food, good prices and delivers a great value!
I am so excited to FINALLY find Togo's!  I have not been able to find a decent sandwich shop since moving here from So Cal so imagine my surprise to stumble upon my favorite place from back home.  They have great portions and prices to match.  Needless to say I will be heading back to Togo's again very soon.
This is the second time I have left disappointed here. The first is when they just opened. I will let that one go.... 

My boyfriend ordered first and this is where the problems started. He ordered the meatball sub.  The girl making the sandwich asked what type of bread he wanted (sourdough) and  confirmed he wanted provolone cheese then started throwing on the meatballs. The thing is, sourdough doesn't taste very good when cold and the warm meatballs were on top of cold cheese... She didn't even offer to toast the sandwich that is typically served hot! When he asked her to toast the sandwich to be toasted after she had made it, it was apparently an inconvenience to her and she just made a mess and STILL gave it to us. 
When I ordered my sand which she was already over it, apparently. If I asked a question, I got a one word response.... I also wanted my sand which toasted, but again wasn't offered. I just dealt with the gross cold sourdough.... There are better options in the area... doubt i will be returning.
OK....let me start with...I have never been to this Togos but I have NEVER been to a Togos that I didn't like!!  Truly...my mouth is watering for the #16...my fav, the #9 my next fav and then the classic #24.  This place ROCKS!!  I grew up on Togos in California and have missed it since living here in the desert but now I have found one  and it'll be worth the 45 MILE drive!!!  Really...you should all try it!  Yummy!!!  :)
Yes I agree, the girl didn't offer to toast my sub, however, they still pack a big punch with a list of 30 different sandwiches. Great selection, amazing watermelon tea, and an employee that really knew the menu.
On my way to an appointment and couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the sign for Togo's!! I thought they were all closed in the valley. I was so sad when the one by me was closed...and have not found a good chicken salad sandwich since! To my great pleasure, I stopped in and got the #29 (still the same!) fabulous chicken salad sandwich. The mix includes sliced almonds and celery and onions too. Yum! I don't know when I will get back to that neck of the woods again, but I will be sure to stop in at Togo's!
While driving around Chandler the other day, I happened to notice a Togo's delivery vehicle.  I thought, what?  Is Togo's back?  Well, yes it is - yea!  I have been eating at Togo's since 1979, and my favorites are the 21 (avocado and cheese) and 9 (hot pastrami).  In my opinion, none of the other sub shops - Jimmy John's, Jersey Mikes, Subway, Firehouse, etc. - come close to the quality and taste of a genuine Togo's sub.  I shall return soon!
I found this location by accident one day when leaving my satellite office and dreading having to order another sandwich from the napkin tyrants at a competitor. I had seen advertisements for Togo's, but had never tried them, so I gave it a shot. What a difference! Great food, napkins a-plenty, friendly staff.

The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they still seem a little overwhelmed during the busy times, but my orders (whether hot or cold) have always been right (and good).
TOGO's is about as good as it gets for a "franchise" sandwich, and this location in particular is the best one I've ever been to. It's huge, well-run, with very friendly service, fast when busy, and consistent in quality & quantity. About a million times better than Subway, and a far better value as you actually get a reasonable amount of meat in your sandwich, unlike the other guys, where you get about a metric ton of lettuce and other fluff ingredients, hiding some wafer-thin slices of generic grocery case cold cuts. Give it a try if you've never been, you won't be disappointed.
I have been a Togos fan for many years and when they disappeared from the valley I was very disappointed.  So when I found they were opening around the corner from my house you could well image my delight.  When we first walked into the new one I was a little worried because I remember the decor of my previous visits to the old shops being much more lunch counter and this one was more like the run of the mill fast food style. I recalled one of my favorite sandwiches was a cucumber and avocado but did not snow it on the menu but when I asked they said I could order off menu.  The sandwich was good - a lot less ingredients than they used to serve but it was still delicious.
Delicious sandwiches, had to take off a star for service. The person making my sandwich kept messing up, but other than that great quality sandwiches.
Ahhh..good old Togo's. This was my first visit in years since living in NoCal, where the chain started. The turkey quality doesn't look as good, but the chunky chicken salad is usually a safe choice along with pastrami. The salad on this day needed alot of help from the salt and pepper packets, but it was still a filling 6 inch sandwich. It's good that they put almonds in the chicken salad. Check in on YELP and get a free drink.
Love, Love, Love TOGO'S!! Their food is fresh and not processed. The turkey is always delish, and the salads are fresh! I love the mashed avocado's. The staff seem really nice too!  The sandwiches are huge, and really filling - if you can eat a whole one. I usually get the small one, and that makes me full. The brownies are "too die for!" I have purchased to take to work, and they are always a hit. I have ordered online, and it has been ready when I get there. They even deliver! I avoid the rush and get there around 1130am, or after 1pm and there is some waiting, but minimal. Love it and would recommend it to others for sure!
The staff is friendly and the place is clean. But the sandwiches...oh dear, they are so so yummy! I honestly don't think I've had a better sandwich than the ones at this place. The one I get is the Firehouse Hero.
This place is SUPER CUTE, I have to say. The tables with the dalmatian spots are to-die-for. MOST of the staff is friendly, the girl ringing us up did not seem amused at anything or interested in anything other than taking our order, but maybe she was just having an off day. Everyone else was nice, and they bring your sandwiches to the table. 

As far as taste, I enjoyed my sandwich. The turkey is really good. The bread is a little thick for my preference but it was still delicious. They also have this crazy soda machine with a zillion flavors. I don't drink soda so I can't attest to the taste but it's pretty cool. 

One thing...I have never waited SO LONG for a sandwich in my whole life. My goodness. I got a basic turkey, nothing special, and waited at least 10 minutes. And it didn't seem THAT busy.
I am not a sub fan, I lived in Boston and they make grinders there, that said I went to Firehouse Subs for lunch today.  My store is across the street and we are working on our grand opening.
This is a familiar location to me, used to be a cool Mexican Eatery.
Well, I ordered cheese steak and it was good(I was starving), the place was packed which I was glad to see.  But the line at the coke machine was a bit long!!!

They seem to be doing quite well.

Good eats but nothing knocked me out...I am glad to see they are doing well.
No way there is a better place then fire house to get subs!!!  love this place and the service is always amazing!!
Best meatball sandwich I have ever had.  Not too spicy and great flavor, fresh bread.  Looking forward to having another one.  YUM
Avoid the veggie sub pretty much just lettuce. Much more toppings at any other sub place I've ever been to.
I love a good sub and Firehouse is a pretty solid choice for me. I always get a hot sub and it's delicious! Food does take a few minutes to get to you so it's not super "fast" food but still can eat in or take to go. Prices are between $5-10 a sub, depending on size, toppings, meats etc. 

Good choice, close to home, will be back.
It's a good sandwich shop. It's not super fast, expect your order to take some time and enjoy the sports on tv or hanging with some friends. Their commercials say "best meatball sandwhich" in the valley. I disagree. It's good. It's not THAT good. It a little pricier than I'd like for some bread with meat, but I like toasted subs and I love the selection of hot sauces. The ambiance is fun and the pictures and coats from firemen are pretty cool. I don't go out of my way to eat there, but if there's one nearby, I'll enjoy myself a good sub when I'm out doing errands.
this place was horrible, way over priced , small portions,  they are stingey on the meat. im from the east coast and ive only found one good sandwich place so far in az but its in scottsdale.. so i keep trying places closer to where i live only to be horribly disappointed each time.. also the other bizarre thing ive never seen anywhere elseexcept at firehouse subs was the rolls for the hoagies come in 6 or 8 inches or 8 or 10 inches depending on which sandwich you get.. mine was 6 inches and the bread was as thin as a baguette, my husband got 8 inches and it was bigger like a hoagie roll. mine sandwich cost more than his though?? my kids got a kids meal there sandwich was 2 inches smaller than mine.. wth??? also the counters were so tall i could read the bottom of the menu on the wall and im 5'7"..
Love firehouse subs!!!! Got the hook and ladder sandwhich tonight! It was perfect! Hit the spot! Their virginia ham is delicious! Has a great sweetness to it!
It's my first time here. I had a take out order. My sub was the firehouse meatball. It was really good. The food was made very quick since I'm just down the street. They were very friendly and the place looked cute. The cookie and brownie were yummy. I love the fact that they had the subs in a togo box and not wrapped. I would come back again.
One of the better sandwich shops in the valley, and the Italian sandwich is fantastic. 'Nuff said.
Heard that this place was opened recently and decided to give it a try. Outstanding!!

I ordered the Club- turkey, ham and bacon fully loaded. Made fresh and brought to your table. The staff greets everyone as they walk in, all smiling. Service time was pretty good considering they were packed.

For the value- price is fair not great but hey, firemen founded it!!
Just drving by and saw this place had just opened.. thank you!  Great place...had the hero and it was great! Glad to see new restaurants coming in to the qc...  This place will make you wonder why you ever ate at subway...incredible meat potions on my sammy..
Fresh & delicious. Meatball sub was perfect. Soft tasty meatballs, melted cheese on a soft roll. Yum!
Never heard of firehouse subs before they got here to Queen Creek, but I am now a raving fan.  I have to be honest, I can't get myself to try anything other than the smoked brisket and cheddar sub ... it's just too damn good to stray.  I like how they give the kids lots of options and give them free fireman hats - kids love that and it makes for a good time, but I digress ... back to the business at hand.  The brisket is melt in your mouth good and the BBQ sauce is perfect combo of sweet and tangy.  I absolutely put this sandwich on my top 5 of all time.  TRY IT!!
Searching for a place to eat tonight and we came across Firehouse on Yelp and figured we give it a try.  AWSOME place, food was fantastic, friendly people, only negative was I ordered a large sandwich because I was starving, that was a huge meal.  They put a generous portion of meat on each sandwich, unlike the Subways and Quizno's of the world.
Good but nothing special. I hate to say it but Subway is a better value.
Great place for kids, my 4yo loves eating here and finely a place in queen creek with a OK sub. (I'm from Philly, cheese steaks and Italian subs are what i miss most). I take my kid here after swim class and he still loves the helmets.
Really really really good food. Love the drink options... You can nearly choose anything you want from the machine. I cringe to see the one reviewer here comparing this place to Subway. Laughable. Sorry... Of course Subway is cheaper. Their ingredients are cheap... Firehouse has a really well made sub and it can't be compared to the sh-tuff Subway makes.
The Hero is on the top ten list of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  The meat is cut deli-thin and is excellent quality (not Subway gross meat).  The bread is fresh and warm and perfect!  There is some kind of mustard sauce that is always just the right amount, and it all comes together to be DEEE-licious.
Also delicious is the meatball sub. The bread and all ingredients are FRESH and so good!
Fun drink machine, the staff is friendly, so what's not to like? ((The only sandwich I didn't love so far is the new summer Hawaiian pork thing. It had too many fatty pieces, the cold slaw wasn't so great, and the whole thing made me miss the tasty Hero.))
I have been wanting to stop in and try this place since I noticed it earlier in the year, but with all of the quality mexican food around I thought why waste my time with a sandwich. So I finally stopped in today and damn I have been missing out! I had the Hero and it wasn't just a sandwich, it was pure bliss. 

Sure, it's not cheap, but it's so much better than disgusting subway and its see through meat (yuck). Quiznos is fine in a pinch, but Firehouse makes an amazing sandwich, and I can't wait to come back again.
Expensive but worth it!  You pay more than you would at Subway, but you get a much  much better sandwich.
Don't be put off by the description of "Hot Sanwiches" on the menu.  I think they only heat them to melt the cheese.
This place ranks better than most sub places.  It has great flavors. Hot, toasted sub's.  And good prices. 

Just wish they would add another soda fountain machine.  Have to stand in line to access the only one, usually behind children that cannot make up their mind and want to play with it.!!
My kids love it! We love it! Its a WIN!

My kids love the food, the firehats and the cool digital coke machine. I LOVE the Engineer sub...which is easy to remember since my hubby's an Engineer at Intel!

I took my father here when he was visiting and he really liked the food too. This is saying something, because he is very picky about his food.
Better quality than their chain competitors, although slightly more spendy. Concept of the business is unique. It was busy when we ate there, and we still received our food relatively quickly. Have I had better sandwiches elsewhere? Probably. Have I had worse? Yeah. Would I go again? Yes, if I was in the area.
Something different, so yum too!
Its nice to finally get some new restaurants in QC. I enjoy coming here because everyone is friendly and the food is good. I like to get the veggie. My kids love getting the fire hats and they love the soda machine.
Had the steak and cheese, it was ok, not worth the money.

Staff was very friendly, place was clean but the food was mediocre.
BIG warning to vegetarians: Their veggie sub is NOT vegetarian. The sauteed veggies have fish in them (maybe from Worcestershire sauce? Not sure). 

Anyway, thanks for nothing Firehouse Subs. If you're going to market something as veggie, please make sure that it actually is.
Love me some Firehouse Subs! Lovely service + sub!
Pretty good sandwiches! I like the turkey bacon ranch the best so far. Love the soda machine here, fun trying new flavors. The bbq brisket sammich isn't bad either, if you like bbq, give it a try sometime!
Great food, good service, nuff said! Eat here and enjoy!
This is my 2nd time reviewing this place. I gave it a pretty good review before but now I've changed my opinion.
On two subsequent return visits, my orders were done incorrectly.  I'm talking 2 out of 3 sandwiches were wrong both times.
It's a sandwich, not rocket science, kids.
Pretty good. I'm not much of a sub eater but this was darned tasty, a good size and good service. We'll be back. Thanks!
Great food and service! Try the Italian sub
Great family friendly and fun place to eat. Not the most visit location but worth it.
The only reason I came here was because our school was doing a fundraiser.  Sandwiches are OK. Won't go again.
the best!!!!
By far the best subs my husband and I have had! They don't skimp out on the meat either! I am very impressed!
Okay so I am going to rate this on different levels. 
Food - The sandwich was pretty good. Staff said the sauce was marinated in to the meat. Bread was a little dry, so I got some of their sauce to moisten it up a little. OVerall alright
Staff - Very friendly. Welcomed me in right away. It was my first time into Firehouse, and the guy there was informative, and answered any questions. 
Cleanliness - Very clean 
Other- Cool soda machine.
Great sandwiches. A little too pricey or else I would give 5 stars. Environment is great. Amazing selection of hot sauces. Very happy with customer service the times that I have visited this location.
There sandwiches are pretty delicious.
I am not sure exactly how I feel about Firehouse yet. I feel like I need to go back and have a redo, for my first impression might be a wee bit biased. I stopped here for my sister and decided to go ahead and try it out. She loves it and cant get enough of it. I ended up ordering 4 sandwiches for me and my family. Unfortunately, I think at this time they were a little under staffed for there were a lot of people waiting in the dining room and the 2 employees working, were rushing like crazy. I ended up waiting 20 minutes for 4 sandwiches. I was in a hurry, so I was super annoyed, so this might be why my review is biased. When I finally got home, I felt like my sandwich was mediocre, nothing to rave about. A ton of people say Firehouse is WAY better than Quiznos or Subway....... but at those places I have never waited 20 minutes for a mehhhh sandwich. My family loved their subs, but my turkey, ham and bacon sub, was just meh.

This place is right down the street from my house and my sister eats here once a week, so Ill have to give it another try and see what happens. First visits aren't always the best, so you always owe it to yourself and the business to try again, because you never know. Well unless everything about the first visit was horrible. Haha!
I love this place! I have not eaten at subway since my first visit here. There is NO competition because firehouse totally kills them! The staff members are always SO friendly. If I could give more stars I would!
Met a fan of mine! Cool. I love trying a new hot sauce on my sandwich every time I go.
Great atmosphere,  short wait time and reasonable prices. I had the #2 the meatball subs, it was awesome. I'm definitely satisfied and coming back here again. :-)
Location & Aesthetics - Not sure where this place is located except that it's in Queen Creek.  We stumbled upon it after a business meeting and our driver was asking us where we wanted to eat.  After much indecision, the driver said, let's eat here as he was passing by it and we all agreed saying why not.  
There's lots of parking as it's located in a small strip mall.  The exterior and interior was exceptional clean including their bathroom and the whole place was well lit.  We came in a little after lunch and the place was quiet with no lines.

Menu - Can either be found on up on the wall behind the cashier.  Menus weren't overwhelming to read or comprehend and the cashier did answer any questions we had about our orders.  The sandwich comes in two sizes - an 18 inch and I believe a 21 inch though don't quote me on the latter as I'm not sure about it.  I opted for the 18 inch which was more than enough for me and very filling.

Service - The staff was very friendly and even brought out our meals to the table and even picked up our empty baskets and asked us how our meals were.

Food - I ordered the steak and cheese which was delicious.  The cheese was well melted, the steak well seasoned and soft, and the bread was soft and tender as if they just baked it themselves.  You can do the meal option which gives you a drink and chips.  For soda, they have one of those new fan dangled soda machines that boasts on offering over 100 choices.  

Rating - 5/5.  Definitely can't find anything wrong with this place and only wished my trip was long enough for me to have returned!
This location is much better than any of the others I've been to in the easy valley. Very clean, very friendly staff.
It's the food stupid. No really it's not the location or fancy design or catchy name or any other thing , at the end of the day it's the food. Yes it's not in the best area but in Las Vegas what is a good neighborhood. I walked in on a Saturday and the place was packed. It  and  menu is full of traditional Southern Foods, Fried Chicken, Catfish, Bar b Que and other items that they will cook to order-can you imagine some fancy strip or downtown restaurant doing that?
I had pork chops, potatoes and eggs. Delicious. The sign spinners advertising the place made me curious. Glad I went in.  I would go here again. Price was right and I even had enough food to share. People beg when they smell good food!
Very light and crispy catfish.  Small little market with a "hot food" area.  There is also a small sit down area.  It gets very busy but worth the wait.  The price of the combos are also very reasonable.
Do you like Jimmy John's or Capriotti's?  This place blows them both out of the water.  The ingredients taste so fresh and the staff is very friendly. A little pricey but I think it's worth it.
This is really good food!  I ate here back to back days this week because of the craving they left me with!

The establishment is decorated like any other chain store.  It is clean, kinda playful but they get major points for TV's!  The ability to keep watching the Football game this Sunday factored heavily in my decision to eat here!

On my first visit (Saturday) I had the Buffalo Chicken Wrap.  This little sucker packed a lot more flavor than I expected!  The chicken was surprisingly fresh and the buffalo sauce had quite a zing.  The wrap also had a hint of Bleu Cheese... just enough to back down the zing.  I was actually disappointed when I took the last bite, the food was that good!

My second visit I had the BBQ Beef Sandwich.  This is too good to be at a chain sub shop.  This is the type of sandwich I would expect from a legitimate barbecue restaurant.  The flavors were great, the portions were huge.  The sauce had a nice balance and my stomach was happy with it a few hours later.  Very difficult accomplishment for BBQ!

The only reason they aren't getting a full 5-stars.  One of the employee's has a little bit of an off-color sense of humor.  I am here for food, not bizarre jokes.... and stop staring at my fiance!  As well, while the prices are great, it somehow adds up to $25 very fast.  

Great restaurant,  I will be back!
A bit pricey, but excellent sammys. I recommend the Philly cheesesteak. It's excellent!
I have found another sub place that I will now frequent besides Subway and Cappriotti's. They all have their unique flavors and different selection. I think Subway as a chain is good for the value, Cappriottis has their distinct sandwiches, and now Jersey Mike's - definitely high quality meats and just good sandwiches. I am a fan of many of their sandwiches including the club, the original italian and some of their hot subs including the cheesesteak. You can get it Mike's way which is how they were intended and also make sure you get the hot chili spread to spice up your sandwich.
gotta try this place again, tried it back in Chicago, didn't like it. Been about 4 years, let me try again in Vegas...i tried it again, not a big fan. Maybe it's the bread, or the weird guy behind the counter, but i probably won't be going back.
This place is bomb. com.
Very customer service oriented (I love great customer service) The subs are awesome I had the Italian sub and boy was that bad boy loaded with meats.

lol I only had meat, cheese, mayo and black pepper on mine.(cuz I am weird like that) The gentleman who helped me looked a little suprised and how simple I was. So I added bacon. 
Further more I would highly recommend this place.

It is family owned, if I am not wrong.
Very clean location. 
Prices are very pocket friendly.

Enjoy.
The management is great! They love their customers and engage in conversation with them while making their food. They're awesome and the food is really good too.
I always liked jersey mikes. Close to home. Friendly people at this location. Food's great. Love the turkey breast mikes way.
Jersey mike is always a great place to eat!!

I look for places that use high quality ingredients at a reasonable price and provide great service.

This place has a plethora of choices, some served hot some cold, all delicious. They use fresh ingredients and bake their own bread. If you like spicy they have a spicy red relish sauce, that is wonderful. I used to live around the corner from this place, their excellent food and friendly service kept me coming back.  Be sure and get the rewards card if you enjoy the food. If you like italian subs they have the best Italian sandwich in town!!

The manager Gary most recently gave us a  couple party platters at a discount for a charity fundraiser I was organizing. Nice to see a business help out a good cause. 

So if you are looking for great food made from fresh ingredients, lots of options, and friendly people who care do yourself a favor and try jersey mikes.
Gotta order it Mikes way w/those red pepper. Very clean place and extremely friendly. I a big sandwich kind of guy and really think this is the best in town.
Excellent sandwiches and friendly employees.  Very clean with quality ingredients.
Jersey Mikes is pretty standard. Nothing wrong with the quality of my sandwiches. Only complaint is that both employees were in the back when I entered, so I had to holler for them to come out, and when they did, while friendly, the service overall was slow. At 7pm, they had a hearty line 3-4 people deep, and both of them were working on my order for two sandwiches. I wonder when the people in line behind me got out....
Very disappointing to have to write this review, I heard great things about this place until I went in and witnessed the "manager" of the store yelling at one of his employees in front of about 5 customers. I know hes the manager cause I asked an employee for his name and the managers number. I couldn't believe that a "Manager" would treat one of his employees with such disrespect. After he yelled at this poor guy in front of everyone and embarrassed him, he stormed off to the back of the store hitting and throwing things with later a door slam. Meanwhile there was a big line with customers waiting to get helped. The food was good but its a damn shame that the rude a$$hole manager had to ruin this for me and other customers in there. I don't know about you, but I would NEVER go back and do business with a person who treats his employees like crap.
Big dude making the subs has a really bad attitude. He seems like he does not want to be there.  Cheer up dude! At least u have a job! Cashier is cool though. ..
One of the better places to get a steak-n-cheese... it's just pretty expensive
Love the staff. They know my order, always have smiles and the food is just awesome. I always get the number 7, lettuce and mayo only. Maybe one day I'll be adventurous and try something new. I do wish that they still had potato salad and macaroni salad.
Love LOVE the food!  Love the price!  Love the selection but this place is SO loud with music THEY CAN control ... it would make me think twice before coming back!  They have it cranked, they can not hear the customer, we can not here them and it is crazy!
Stopped in today after church, clean, upbeat environment.   First time here, so we asked about their most popular sandwiches.  Definitely gave a great recommendation - I went with the #9 Italian Night Club w/ hot peppers.  Good amount of meat, and other condiments.  Peppers gave it a nice little kick, even picked up a bag of their Jalapeno Potato Chips.  My only complaint is I wish the sandwich was a little bigger, it was gone, but I wanted to keep eating because it was so good.   

Fed a family of 4 for about $20, which isn't too bad.   Music was playing, but I didn't think it was too loud.  Sandwiches were finished about the same time we paid, so not a lot of waiting required.

Sorry Mr. Goodcents, but I may have just found a new sub shop.
Great restaurant, great location. I haven't noticed any problems with the music at all. They are characteristically fast, I'm in and out in 5 mins.
The one issue I've noticed is that the ice dispenser gets jammed, but that's not a big deal to me. I get consitently good product and that outweighs any little inconvenience.
I was just introduced to Jimmy Johns and love it I go to the Chandler one  at the mall and its fast and delicious. I love it so much I found the closest one to my house which is on Bell. My wife and I are from the east coast and never had JJ so I told her she had to try it because I knew she would love it. The bread is perfection it holds together with a little chew and soft inside, the meats are what really impress me the smoked ham is ridiculously amazing and the turkey is great. The only complain is they missed the onions on my sub but its so good I forgive them. Don't forget to try their BBQ chips they are good too. I'm hooked!
Jimmy John's is nice for two reasons. They are pretty quick with making your food, and they have a low-carb option for all subs. I am a fan of the low carb option, because their one of the only places I can go for lunch and feel pretty satisfied about.

You can expect to drop between 8-10 bucks for an 8" sandwich meal. Their normal sandwiches are between $4 and $5. They have another option (between $5 and $6) for those who want a little more. If you pay for this option, expect to get double meat on, still, an 8" roll. If I remember correctly, making it a meal - which consists of a drink and either a whole pickle, chips or a cookie, and will cost you another $3.

I go here quite frequently for lunch, and their service is consistent. But I don't think that they are 4 star quality. Ultimately I rated them a 3 because of their price in relation to the size of the sub that you get. The sandwiches, I think, are good for lunch, but if I'm looking to have a good time, I wouldn't think of Jimmy Johns.

Also, the establishment is very clean. If you judge restaurants based on plumbing and cleanliness, I'm happy to announce that their place is very good.
1) Staff cannot remember customer orders after being told numerous times.

2) Music is way too freakin' loud, can't understand staff or have conversations with others. ALWAYS have to ask the staff to speak up over the music - SAY IT WITH YOUR CHEST!

3) Freaky fast? I think not - for customer pickup at least.  After a 10 min drive, my sandwich should be done...yet I arrive to them goofing around in the back, oblivious to the fact that I'm standing there watching them play patty cake - there are absolutely NO customers in the joint (wonder why?).

To the General Manager - if you read this, please straighten up your store for the sake of customer experience and future business!

FAQ: 
- I actually do Love Jimmy Johns, just not this location
- No I'm not 80 yrs old
Funny staff. Located right by the Starbucks huge plus. Speed of service is legendary. Great classic rock tunes playing.
I went to Jimmy Johns with my 1 year old son. While ordering, I asked if my tomatoes could be placed on the side for my son. He is a picky eater but loves tomatoes. The young man at the cash register told me that I could just scrape them off the sandwich and that he had nothing to put them on the side with. I pointed at the complimentary water cups and asked if he could use one of those. He told me that he was the manager and that his boss told him that he could not do that. Are you kidding? Your boss told you that you could not accommodate a toddler?? I wasn't asking for anything other than an item from my sandwich to be placed on the side. Needless to say I will not be returning to this establishment any time soon.
Love the Italian sub well worth it
Place was clean not busy and fast. 

Ordered a number 5 which is a Vito. Sandwich came out even, and not messy at all. They didn't over do the dressing and the meat to veggies to bread ratio was good. 

Sandwich was good, chips were good also. The iced tea tasted strange but no big deal I decided to change it to Dr Pepper. 

Just like all the other jimmy johns so no complaints.
Always good, fast, and fair priced.  A good sandwich value and several choices.  Just wish the music was a bit lower so a conversation can be had at the table.
We just moved into this area and have eaten here on many occasions,and have had food delivered to my home on a few occasions as well.  Generally speaking the food is ok to good seems pretty fresh, the bread is great, so with that said we are squally pretty happy.  On this occasion I had approximately 20 people at our home for a town hall type meeting with the other home owners in our neighborhood.  After little debate it was decided that we would just order sandwiches from JJ's and ave them delivered.  I call this location.  When the phone was answered n the greeting was yellow please hold.  I had it on speaker and most of the group began to laugh believing it was a terrible way to answer the phone being most of the people here were either business owners or middle to upper level managers.  Five plus minutes past before the person came on the line and asked what can I help you with?  I informed her that I wanted to place an order to be delivered.      She stated " ok what is your address"?  I gave it to her and she then asked "what do you need I am very busy". At this point one member of our party stated she is very Rude, and that we should just go to subway, everyone pretty much disagreed and I began to order.  I started to order one of the 18 sandwiches and 2 lettuce wraps, when I finished she seemed very disturbed and ask if I remembered that she said that she was very busy.  I replied with a yes, and asked if I could get a total please?  She then stated that she was not sure she could fill this order because of its size.  I then stated that t would be no different than if 20 people came in and ordered 20 sandwiches individually.  She than gave me my total and asked for my phone number and my cross streets.  I told her and she then stated that I just wasted her time because that they don't deliver to my address any longer and swore Nader her breath but loud enough for the group to hear her over the speaker of my phone.  Please note that I live just south of cactus as does everyone of the group at my home this evening.  Note:  t is just over one mile to my home.  most people in our group have had food delivered to our homes from JJ's in the past.  Well needless to say the group  went to Subway to get our sandwiches.  Oh and the girl on the Phone stated her name was Jayme and that she was the manager when I asked to speak to the Manager.
First off, the employees are very friendly and they in no way are to blame for the missing 3 stars. This chain is overated, it is not as good as Subway or even hogies from the deli at Fry's. In May I paid $8 or 9 dollars for a "Turkey Tom" and soda. It was bland and very dissapointing. Jimmy Johns is popular not because of their subs, but because they are the only sub shop to deliver and they are expanding fast and hiring lots of workers makes people overate them.
Slow making subs and service was far from perfect. The bread seemed to sitting out for quite some time so the bread was hard. As well as the music was way too loud I felt like I had to almost shout to be heard to place the order. Even then the order was made incorrectly.  When I kindly approached the guy at the register he seemed to have an attitude.  I am a big fan of Jimmy John's. However this location has a lot to work on in the area of customer service.  It will be awhile before I'm back at this location.
I love jimmy johns! Way better than other fast sandwich restaurants. Just had a bad experience though. I always order the Italian night club with hot peppers on the side. This location though the cashier refused to give my peppers on the side! Is it that hard to put some peppers into a cup? I don't think that's too much to ask for...
I've been told several times they don't deliver to my address that's two blocks away...:yet I see jimmy johns deliver to several other apartments in my complex. Ridiculous.
We ordered online. Quick n easy. It says they dont deliver n Im like 2 miles away litrrally. So where do they deliver cause im right in between two locations? Anyhow, that would be my ONLY complaint. Food is awesome. Just enough of everything..nothing overdone. We got two gargantuans for hub n i and the kids each got a slim. Paid around $30 for 4 subs which is more than other places. We usually do gatti's down the road...we just were wanting to try something different. Ill still probably stick to gattis for my usual place cause they have more variety..but this is nice- different- for every now n then... another instance where delivering would encourage more orders...
I just moved here from the east coast.  I have a sister that has lived here for 10 years and warned me that their no good Jewish Deli's.  Well let me tell you the buck stops here.  I was told to go to Chompies or Goldman's, tried both.  They are as true to Jewish food as you can get (Abe's that is)!!!  I had the Matzo Ball soup with noodles! Plentiful! the corn beef was unbelievable, (Chompies and Goldmans had that store bought cornbeef)  I had the half sandwich, which was huge I had to take the other half home!!  The Blintzes were a little different than what I am use to, but were so yummy.  My date had turkey on whole grain rye, wow! Whole grain rye! Way to go "Abes"..  The staff, OMG so nice!  Michael behind the deli counter was so informative, he even gave me a sample of the corn beef before we sat down.  The server was very tentative!! A manager even came by to ask how we were doing!!  She said this was their "soft open"!   The hostess opened the door on the way out and was so nice and had a whole conversation with me.  I asked him "when did you open", he said, "two days ago".. What a great experience!!  Usually new restaurants have to get the kinks out, but they far exceeded my expectations!!  Good luck "Abe's", I will be back, and tell everyone I know, "If your looking for good Jewish food, go to Abe's"
This is a really great place and a gem of the area for sure. I am undecided between 4 and five stars and need a second visit to decide. I don't think any other place in the valley is like this place and offers these kinds of over the top foods. They prepare a multitude of in house meats in the house instead of just serving Boar's Head Brand like many little places do so that right there bumps them to at least four stars just for that. I was told they couldn't find bagels in Arizona that they liked so they send in REAL NEW YORK BAGELS from NEW YORK. I am kicking myself for not bringing home a bagel now. Yes some of the sandwiches are higher priced than what some people are used to paying but it is quality ingredients with a lot of workmanship and a double portion so when you put that into consideration the price is very reasonable.

No matter what you order they present you with a little freebie plate of something of the day. We tried really good pickles.

I was thrilled to see a chopped salad on the menu with salami, corned beef and fresh roasted turkey. This salad FOR SURE was over the top with High end mixed greens not to mention the very long list of added ingredients. Such as, not just corn but roasted corn, eggplant, cauliflower, bell pepper, green beans, kasha, radishes, egg, feta cheese, and crispy bow ties as the croutons. The house made Russian Dressing was very good and flavorful and went well with it. For me this salad was a little too busy but still very good and still seemed much lighter than one of those big old bad boy sandwiches. If I could tweak it I would use a different kasha such as roasted buckwheat because the kasha they used was more like a porridge and that was the only thing I'd change with the not important preference of less ingredients. ($14)

My husband tried the In house Roast Brisket, Pastrami, Corned Beef, Swiss on Rye. It's a giant sandwich and can feed two people. They give you a side of very good potato salad. The potato salad wasn't drippy at all and was made just right. The meats were made just right and this really is like what real sandwich shops were like on the East Cost but they slice the meat thinner here. ($16)

The only thing I really can criticize is our server was very sweet but not trained well. She didn't know the menu well but in time she will.

4.5 stars Mazel Tov Abe's You did very Good.

6-3-13 slight update

Went back over the weekend. We had Rueben sliders and a sandwich. All was still good. Took home a bagel and belly lox. The bagel was still fresh a day later and the belly lox was really awesome.
REALLY AUTHENTIC   we're so lucky     HOUSE MADE CORNED BEEF, PASTRAMI, GEFILTE FISH  who does this anymore I like real deli , my daughter and ex wife had yummy salads all super. The fresh potato pancakes were fantastic. Its clean its fresh its real  In a land of company stores and franchises  a real NY or LA deli most of those have been in place for generations   BUt now we have a super new one  I am very very impressed  Oh those haters out there this is not a bagel or bakery store its a classy  restaurant and food produced the old fashioned way. Our waitress was so cute  She told us there is not 1 microwave on the premises  HOORAY
Kenzo tempe
We went there since it is near my new favorite deli NYBB and wont go back. Not many people in the place but it took 45 minutes for eggs and one of us got the wrong order. The female manager barely apologized and did not offer to do anything about it and since it was soooo late - they got nothing...The bagels were horrible.
NYC guy eaten at the best delis Carnegie, Nate and Als, Canters
I cannot understand a few horrible reviews unless they are  friends of the competition
I am happy to have a new deli in Az and one that makes everything in house
They are not perfect but working hard on faster service etc
Some of the best pastrami, corned beef and brisket Ive ever eaten and its very very
CLEAN
Arizonans will judge the quality over time. I even waited 20 minutes on a Wed for lunch
Try this new clean very special Deli-restaurant  There will always be grumpy, hateful angry people writing nasty reviews  Try it yourself. I am not related in any way to the owner
Ken C

FEb 14 soups perfect NOTTT salty
I order unseasoned fries  way better
PEOPLE as with any restaurant if you dont like something send it back
Also servers need direction this is not the RITZ so tell your server you're ina hurry
People this is 2013 speak up stop complaining
Realize that everything here is homemade even knishes and gefilte fish
Rejoice we have a homemade , very clean deli in AZ
This is my new favorite place! I've eaten here three times in the last two weeks. I am used to the Chicago deli experience and while I love Goldmann's food- it doesn't have the ambiance of Abe's. I am not understanding the hate from some of the folks posting here since I've found the service to be excellent and the food pretty good. This is the only place in town that does justice to a hot brisket sandwich! Their grilled challah under it is wonderful. Their turkey is much better than anything Chompies piles on a plate. I am so happy to see a great neighborhood deli open in this town- where you can sit down and have a nosh or a meal.
Had a great meal there last week. The Ladkes were crisp and fresh and yummy, and the rye was soo tasty...good job guys, I will be back.
The chicken noodle soup tasted like old dish water today. It for sure wasn't fresh or was the bottom of the pot.  I've eaten here three times now.  The first time it was good. Te second time I tried the pea soup. It was disgusting! The Corned Beef is good.  I would stick to that.  They need work on the soups.  I like that French fries are a choice but they should let you know that it has a seasoning salt on it.  I was  expecting just salt. No flavors.  When they grout them back out with just salt they were great.  I will go one more time and if there is no improvement it will be back to Chompies unfortunately.
Finally a real NY deli in Scottsdale...  The food is awesome and the inside is neat, clean and very inviting!  I had the corned beef and pastrami sandwich; the real deal!  The pickles, Don Herman's, were outstanding. The turkey is the real deal too.  Fresh roasted and sliced to perfection.  The Challah is the bomb and the bagels are from Brooklyn.  Everyone knows that the bagels in Brooklyn are PHAT!!!  Jake, our server was very friendly and helpful.  Make sure to ask for him!  This is a must try and I know that you will be hooked!!!!!  Eat up and enjoy!
I grew up in Brooklyn and the one thing I'm missing in Scottsdale is a good Kosher-style deli.  Abe's met that need, and met my expectations!  We each ordered a "junior" sandwich which is 6 oz of meat in a sandwich half.  I had the pastrami on rye and my daughter ordered the corned beef on challah.  They were both exactly how I expected them and how I remembered these sandwiches from growing up.  My only "issue" (not serious at all) is that I wish the menu mentioned that the "junior" is a half-sandwich.  We just expected each to be a full sandwich with "only" 6 oz of meat in total, and planned on sharing each half-sandwich.  It was a lot more difficult to cut the half sandwich in half.  

We were served sour and half-sour pickles when we sat down, and since I have a very difficult time finding anything but dill pickles in Scottsdale, we finished the pickles before we even ordered our sandwiches - no worries - our waiter quickly brought over more pickles.

Now I'm going to have to go back with my husband!
I really wanted this place to be good.  The first time we went there, right after the opening, it really was.  But our second trip was a total disappointment.  They served us stale bagels, the whitefish was totally bony and the food in general was mediocre.  If they want to compete with Chompie's and NY's Best, they need to do a quick re-boot or they will become part of Scottsdale restaurant history.
Sorry Abe's I was debating on writting this...
I was there back in November when they opened and wrote a wonderful review, unfortunetly I have found that it went down hill in those couple of months.  They soup was so salty that is was inedible, I had them take it back.  I also ordered their cornbeef, the first couple of times was like cornbeef from the eastcoast.  I think they may have gotten the cornbeef from chompies this time, because it was just like theirs.  My husband wanted a cornbeef on whole grain, "out of whole grain" really it was noon on a Friday.  I originally thought it was much different then the rest of the Jewish deli's.  I guess to pay those prices I might as well eat at Chompie's or Goldman's.  Hope they change back to the way they were.  I was willing to pay those prices for good Jewish food.
Went there Christmas Day as a party of 8. Place was pretty empty and the service was slow, very slow! So slow in fact, I thought we were going to be served on New Years! Out of the 8 of us, 3 had to send back their food and one person just tolerated her bad meal and didn't say anything.  Corned beef was fatty, brisket was dry, au jus for brisket was too salty to use, the forgot the chicken on a chicken Caesar, water glasses empty. Poor quality control and probably lack of proper on site management. 
The place is only open 6 weeks as of now. I may give them another try in a few months, if they are still there...or maybe not, as there are plenty of good places.
Had a great bagel with salmon cream cheese - real salmon mixed into the cream cheese - well done Abe's :-))
Went for nice Saturday lunch. We were 3 and ordered - the NEVER came back, no water, no set ups, no pickles - nothing. We waited and waited and finally told the manager and left.

NEVER coming back - what is the matter with these people.

So you know - go to Chompie's and forget this place.   Marty
After a slow start, Abe's has become the premier deli in town.  Far, far better than Chompie's.  Four of us for dinner this past Saturday evening.  Everyone had something different and everyone raved how good their selection was!  One couple from Chicago and one couple from New York area, so we are certainly experienced deli diners.  We will be regulars (not so easy, since it is a hour drive from the Surprise area).  Service was a little slow in the beginning but our server finally got his act together.  The Abel family has a real winner here!
this is our senond time (last one). the quality of the food is just fair; service not much better. anyone who has been to a good deli and comes here only to be disappointed.
you better go soon, if you dare, because this place does not belong in scottsdale and is not low to be around.
secondary location with secondary food - sorry, but these are facts.

marty
I hoped, that Abe's would at least attempt to emulate a N.Y. Deli. dream smashed. Not even close. What a disappointment. Their isn't time to go into details, but even Chompies does a better job, albeit their establishment is bit seedy. 
Abe, get your act together, and try to get it right. We need a real deli in Scottsdale.
Your establishment is clean and wholesome but your product?
My husband and I just had a really great breakfast at Abe's Deli.  Can't wait to take our out of state relatives here on their next visit.   Picked up some turkey and salads for dinner.  Yum!
There was nothing we did not like..... Will definitely be back.
This is the new bagel place for me. Abe's does not look like a New York Deli because it is kinda fancy on the inside, but the food delivers a good bang. First off, the bagels are actually boiled in New York water in Brooklyn from a real live NY bagel place. After that process, the bagels are shipped out to Abe's and they bake them daily. Ingenious and the bagels are great, only appearing in the eight or so original flavors (read no blueberry or jalapeno crap). At 90 cents each, that is about market price these days. They held up to the toasting test the following day as well. The onion is great, but all varieties are loaded and sesame is still my fav. I also tried the $8 brisket sandwich and I found it to resemble a NY brisket sandwich in that crumbly kind of jewish brisket way. I appreciate the two sizes of sandwiches. Brisket was ordered lean and for the most part that was true. The two varieties of pickles were authentic and you even get a choice of side dishes here. The Cole slaw was vinegar based, but tasted good after a bite of the sandwich. Thousand Island dressing was standard in NY on the side and that request was also honored. Nice folks at the counter and finally bagel nirvana. Prices not as high as you would expect in Scottsdale either.
Great Place.  I eat there every chance I get since I found it.  We have needed a Deli like this!!!
Best Deli in Phoenix. Larry the owner chatted with us like we were old friends while his son manned the deli. 

We ordered lox and Larry, like a sushi master, sliced them himself. My mom hadn't seen done in years. Roast beef sliced really thin and delish. Apple strudel was excellent. This was after a delicious skirk steak, slaw and mashers. Very clean.

A real family owned and operated restaurant. They have schmaltz! Brought up family memories from my mom fighting over gribenes, a by product of rendered chicken fat, when she was a little girl. Deli meats made in house. Artisanal style. This is the real deal and we'll be back soon.
Had my first meal at Abe's (lunch).   I'm a big deli fan and am always looking for the east coast deli experience.  The service was well above average; being both friendly and fast.  The food was mediocre.  I had corned beef sandwich which was decent - but a bit dry, which was surprising since it had russian dressing and coleslaw on it.  The Kaiser roll wasn't great - which impacted the overall taste.  My friend ate a bagel with cream cheese & lox - said it was pretty good.  If I go back - I won't be ordering a deli sandwich...  but i'm not sure that I would go there again.
Second visit to Abe's last night - even better than the first!  One corned beef on rye and one center cut tongue on rye - two cups of delicious cabbage soup.  Lots of sour and half-sour pickles.  Everything was perfect!!  Much better than Chompies ever thought about being.  Took home a quater pound of lox - all hand sliced perfectly.  Abe's is really the best in the Phoenix area.
I only wish that I could have the whole menu in one sitting! What a great place, super nice, friendly and fast service, accommodate special requests quickly and with a smile and the god was fantastic. After a great Reuben, I splurged some calories on a cheesecake and - wow, probably the best cheesecake I ever had! Definitely will be a regular here!
Today my son and I tried Abe's of Scottsdale for brunch after church on the recommendation of my husband who knew that I had not had a good 'jewish style' deli meal since I lived in New York... Well he was right- until I checked out 'Abe's of Scottsdale'! 

When we arrived we were told that we would have to wait 15 minutes for a table (it was the height of lunch hour) but the wait was only 5 minutes. We had a very knowledgeable waiter, who answered our questions on an enormously 'meaty' menu of delightful Jewish deli sandwiches and other yummy breakfast and lunch foods. My son ordered cheese steak sub (big enough for TWO) and I had my favorite- matzo ball soup for an appetizer (made from scratch), with a delicious broth, huge and seasoned matzo ball and tons of chicken scattered throughout. Then I decided on whitefish salad on a salt bagel (I hadn't had since my New York days!!) and the helping of white fish was SOOO flavorfully delicious AND so huge that I will have another helping tomorrow on another bagel for lunch. 

I would recommend this place as 'the place' to eat not only 'jewish appetizing' but a great deli sandwich with generous size helpings in a great location (near Scottsdale and Shea).  PLUS, the owner was on hand to help us select the HOME MADE rugalech (which he sampled us for free:) YUM!)
I happened to be in the restaurant, placing my passover order, the day that previous reviewer "Carol L" was there. She was rude, impatient, and seemed to be looking for a problem. I have found Larry Abel to be professional, warm, helpful and generous. The food is delicious and everything a jewish deli should be and more! Larry and his staff filled our large passover order, checking and double checking to be sure we had everything we needed. We also ate in the restaurant the day we picked up the order and the food was delicious. The wait staff was equally charming and gracious. We will be back over and over again!
Some people seem to just be looking for a problem. Life is too short to be so grumpy!
I just finished having breakfast at Abe's Deli. It was my second meal there in the last 48 hours (really my third if you count the leftovers I are yesterday).  If not for the weather (and the attitude) I'd swear I was in New York City!

The corned beef and pastrami are terrific and the variety of the smoked fish available  (lox, sturgeon, sable) is amazing and delicious.  And, it's all prepared right on the premises. 

We couldn't eat everything on the menu but everything one would expect to find at an authentic Kosher-style restaurant was there!

We talked to Larry, the owner, who was a real kick, and couldn't be nicer. A transplanted East-Coaster who really knows his business. 

If you're into Deli, Abe's is The Place!
Just completed the corned beef sandwich. Now, after trying all the big three meats (CB, Pastrami and Brisket), it is true that they know what they are doing here at Abe's. The corned Beef was clearly NY style, not deli-sliced, and was a perfect fit on the rye bread. The 6oz sandwich is pretty tall too and will clearly fill you up. Also sampled the steak fries and they put some paprika on top, but these needed a few more minutes in the oven to get them crispy. Bagels are still top-notch, no reason to go to any other Jewish deli at this point.
Outstanding! By far the best deli in the Phoenix area...this being said by one who grew up with the best Jewish delis in New York. The rye bread alone is worth the trip, as is the corned beef and the really rare roast beef. Great smoked fish, too: nova, lox, whitefish, sable and sturgeon...the real stuff! Excellent cole slaw, huge sandwiches, attentive and knowledgable service. Thanks, Larry, we wish you great success.
The best Jewish Delli in the northeast Vally. The Cloak &. Dagger gets it today!
Have had several favorites (of Mine!) from the menu and none have been disappointing.

Service is excellent and finally an "East Coast Deli" here in The Valley. For those of us who have been here many years, it is easy to forget what a Great Deli in New York, Boston or Baltimore is like. Abe's will remind you.

My choices:

                  Gefilte Fish Appetizer - The BEST and beautifully served!

                  Chopped Chicken Liver - Oh my, FABULOUS!

                  Potato Latkes - Excellent
 
                  Noodle Kugel - Just GREAT!

                  Three Rueben Sliders - Enough for Lunch and it is an Appetizer!

I really do NOT need the rest of the menu, but the Corned Beef is excellent as is the Brisket (although once it was a bit too dry).

Maybe a little more generous with the pickles (two slices look pretty lonely on the place) which are excellent.

A "go to place" for lunch, if you love "Deli!"
I work at a job that has me travel to Scottsdale several times per year, and mostly, I end up eating at either the hotel or a popular restaurant. 

With that in mind, I was surprised to find a large collection of delis. 

Abe's was recommended by an online blog as a great spot for Mother's Day. So, I called, found out they were sold out, but explained that I was from out of town and needed some help. I was talking to Larry himself and he said he would make it happen.

We arrived and the staff was great! The display case had many home made smoked and cured meats. It looked wonderful!

My wife ordered a lox plate, and I ordered a hollandaise salmon Benedict.

My wife's meal was great! It came with latke's and chocolate covered strawberries. The bagel was perfectly chewy and dense. The cream cheese was wonderfully light. Overall, a great plate!

My Benedict was to die for. The sauce was wonderful and perfectly seasoned. The salmon was smoked perfectly and salted wonderfully well. I loved it!

The only improvement I can think of would be to control the fruit quality. The blueberries were wilted, and overall the fruit was bland.

Finally, today I received a call from Abe's asking me about my experience! I was shocked, they called to ensure things went well! 

I'm going to be a regular and would recommend Abe's to those who want a great meal!
Pretty good food.  They are still new and it is evident that they are still figuring a few things out but overall the quality of food has been good!  I've had a few burgers, french toast and a wrap. I wish they would do something with the patio.  It is such an eye sore and waste of space.
I wanted some good deli and decided to come here with a friend for some Sunday afternoon food, and let me tell you, this place is worth it's weight in gold.  When I walked in, the place had plenty of seating, and had some nice dcor. I loved how there was plenty of seats in the waiting area, so if it got busy, you didn't have to stand around or anything.

The menu has a good selection of food, with all the good Jewish Deli fixings. I wanted to start off with some Gefilte fish, but the server came back and told me that they were all out? How do you run out of Gefilte fish?!?  I went with the chopped liver instead, and that was really tasty! It didn't look like a lot, but let me tell you, my friend and I split it and it was enough for the two of us. It came with cucumbers, tomatoes, rye bread and some hard boiled eggs.  Ugh, so delicious!

I went with the brisket sandwich on Challah, and it was super tasty! Challah was fresh, brisket was wonderfully done, and even the coleslaw was good. My friend went with a full sandwich and it was HUGE!  It was like whoa, that's like 3 meals worth of food! I could barely finish my half sandwich, so unless your splitting it, I would say go with half!

Overall the experience was great.  I really recommend coming here as it's worth the trip and the food is quite tasty.
As good as any New York deli.  Beats  all of the local deli' by far. If you are looking for a great place to eat, great service try Abe's
Review number 400.  A milestone review because of it's number but also a special review as it was not only one of the best Jewish deli sandwiches I have had but the last meal I may have in quite a while with one of my friends who is moving away and have shared many meals with.

Coming in at mid afternoon on a Sunday we were seated right away and our service remained top notch the entire time we we here.  Unlike most delis in the valley this is a full service restaurant and is priced a little higher.

We shared a chopped liver plate which came with bread, onions and some other stuff.  It was good.  She had brisket and I had pastrami and corned beef on challa bread, which she had suggested to me after our last Jewish deli outing. I had planned on Sweet Republic afterward and no way was that going to happen.  All of our food items were great!
We found out about this place through Living Social, and we're so glad! The brisket was great, the turkey was great, the latkes were really good. The service was terriffic. I can't fathom why anyone would want to go to Chompie's for real deli when Abe's is in town. We can't wait to go back!
Ate here on a Saturday around 5pm. Had quite a few customers for that time of day. Had the best Cobb Salad I've ever had in my life. Let's see if I can list/remember everything it had in it: bacon (crispy like I have to have it), turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese crumbles, mushrooms, radishes, carrots, cucumbers, red bell pepper, egg, and celery maybe? (I had them hold the red onions.) An entire garden. All diced up in pieces so you needn't use your knife. Just pick up your fork and move in. Large bowl /big serving. 10 minutes later - looks like I hadn't even started. 20 minutes of little conversation, mostly feeding my face, I give up. Can't finish it all. And I went in starving. I need to admit though I had a bagel too. It was crunchy on outside and VERY chewy. I think that's how they like them back east.   They make them in New York, flash freeze them, send them to this restaurant and they bake them up fresh each day. The waitress said the NY water they make them in makes all the difference.  I have to say, IMO, Chompies are better. But I'm a Kansas-Arizona girl, so what do I know. All I can say is, they were chewy. Like bite down and pull/tug to get a bite size piece and then chew for about two minutes before swallowing.  Must be the water.   The waitress was amazing. Apparently, they have two kinds of coleslaw. A vinegar-y one and a regular one. My fiance likes the non-vinegar kind, but doesn't like it wet and runny he tells her. She states that she can dry it off for him. She was true to her word and he loved his corned beef sandwich (looked as big as the picture on the website) and his "dry" coleslaw.   We had a Living Social coupon - great deal for a great meal. I bought two more coupons. We WILL be back!  We also like the fact that they serve breakfast all day, as we sometimes get out a little late for breakfast fare at most restaurants. We drive from North Phoenix, so you know we like this place.
I sent two colleagues to Abe's after our fantastic meal there. They are now fans too. They raved about the pastrami/turkey, the pickles, and no wait for seating during weekday lunch hour.
We made a great choice to dine at Abe's while in Scottsdale for a family wedding. Did I mention the bride is a nice jewish girl from Long Island? Abe's might be as good as NY-style deli gets in Scottsdale, or all of Arizona for that matter. 

Dining with two recent University of AZ graduates wearing their UA t-shirts, Larry (the owner) immediately welcomed us with a shout out to "his" UA Wildcats (which was a little surprising since the restaurant interior sports the colors of the much closer ASU). 

Our server was quick, efficient and made spot-on suggestions. So let's get to the food already. The classic corned beef and pastrami on rye was, well, "classic." The meat was piled high and the rye bread fresh and tasty, served with potato salad that was also tasty. One of my "boys" ordered the pastrami knish sliders, a awesome combination of pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw served between two potato pancakes. A really interesting (and tasty) way to do sliders. And next up is where things get even more interesting. We also had a triple decker sandwich of pastrami, corned beef, cole slaw and Russian dressing on rye bread that elicits that "how am I going to eat this thing" sentiment when the plate is set down in front of you. Suffice It to say, we figured it out and it was damn good.

Despite the fact that none of us had room for dessert, we split what must be the best dessert in town. A fudge brownie served with a scoop of ice cream, whipped cream and a cherry on top. Even though we were stuffed before dessert arrived, there was not a single bite remaining when we finished. 

Thanks to Larry and his staff for making a memorable weekend that much better with a really great meal.
Nice decor, good bagel, terrible service. 50 minutes to get 2 toasted bagels and a check.
Well, my wife and I went to Abe's prior to going to see a movie last week.  I had the corned beef sandwich, and the lovely lady had the Turkey dinner.  The corned beef was really good, and the ample supply of meat on this sandwich brings me back to my visits to NYC.  To be honest, it is not  "quite" as good, but better than the other delis in the valley (Chompie's, miracle Mile, etc.).

The turkey dinner was excellent, and is now my go to place when I want Thanksgiving in July.  It was really really good, and while they do not shave it off the bird in front of you like at Miracle Mile, the flavor is actually better, and you get a much larger portion.  Better taste plus larger serving wins out every time, in our opinion.

In regards to the service, we were waited on by a charming lad who might have been Scottish or Irish.  He was pretty busy, but still took the time to talk to us about the menu. It was a week ago...forgot his name. He encouraged us to come back, and was very enthusiastic about the menu.  Refills were prompt and he was courteous and funny.  Quite the charmer!

All in all, we will return when we are craving authentic Jewish fare.  The ten dollar bowl of soup sounds a little high, pricewise, but our server told us it is totally worth it due to the amount of stuff they cram into that bowl. Cheers and good luck to this gem tucked away in north Scottsdale.  We will be recommending itto friends.
Stopped at Abe's before getting on board a long flight home.  Figured anything we would bring aboard would be better than anything we could get on the plane.  We're we right!!!  My wife had turkey pastrami on rye.  I had tongue and turkey on rye which I hadn't had in years.  Both sandwiches were wonderful.    We had the sides, Russian dressing, etc, all double wrapped in plastic and aluminum foil.

I knew it was going to be good when I commented how nice the smoked fish looked.  The owner told me he gets it from Acme in Brooklyn?. That's why it looked so good.  Acme is the best.
I'd sure go back if I'm in Scottsdale.
Had lunch at Abe deli today - sweet & sour cabbage soup and a hot tongue sandwich on rye bread.  Spectacular as always!!  Abe's is the best deli in Arizona and certainly as good as any in NYC, Chicago or L.A. (well, Brent's Deli in L.A. is great too!).  I will never understand how people eat at Chompie's

The trip from Surprise to Scottsdale (50 minutes) just to eat at Abe's is always worth the time and effort.
Just returned from a great lunch with my Italian husband and Jewish son-in-law.  They are both deli connoisseurs. They both loved their sandwiches.  I had a reuben that was so big, I brought half home.  I come from back East where ethnic bakeries make the best desserts.  Well, after tasting Abe's homemade apple strudel, heated with caramel on the side  - OMG - I am returning for this alone.  We also tasted the homemade rugelach. I savored the yummy strawberry and the guys inhaled the chocolate.
The generous portions, amazing desserts and very friendly staff made our visit most pleasant. We will definitely be repeat customers!
I have been a regular at Chompies for the last few years and I never thought I would find another Jewish Deli in the Valley that I love, until I came to Abe's. 

I have been here a few times now with the wife and her family, and I am hooked. The pastrami is amazing, portions are huge, and the slides are terrific. The Ruben Sliders are amazing, as is the Ruben. 

Abe is a really nice guy who takes pride in his work. I have to say what makes Abe's better then the other deli's here is the desert. The apple Strudel is made in house, and it is the most amazing sticky crumbly texture. The rugelach are moist, and the flavors are great.
We ordered several box lunches for our team. Here's the shakedown:

Oven roasted turkey on challah bread - very good, challah bread was unusually dry, but after adding mayo and mustard it was A-OK. Plus there is a TON of deliciously roasted bird-meat on the sandwich, so that of course makes it better. 

Chicken Caeasr salad AND Steak Caesar salad both were very popular.

Corned Beef sandwich was reportedly VERY flavorful and was a big hit with our resident Irish chap.

Tuna Salad Wrap was godawful. Apparently, the tuna had turned and was described as rancid. Lame. :(

The star of the show was the rugelach (second only to the brownie). I would go back just for that yummy dessert. The flavor of the pastry around the delightful dark chocolate and fruit preserves was fabulous.
We have been wanting to try Abe's and finally did so Sunday.  Wow!!!   The other Scottsdale delis better watch out!  Although the menu is not as large as Chompie's or NYBB, everything we tasted was outstanding.  My husband is a "purist" and ordered a pastrami/corned beef combo.  The meats were lean, flavorful and perfectly warm.  It was served on fresh rye bread that must come from NY or Chicago.  I decided to try to raise my cholesterol and ordered the tongue/chopped liver sandwich.  I have never had such thinly sliced tongue, with little fat.  It was piled on the moist Challah and completed with a large portion of excellent chopped liver.  The liver was mild and mixed with sauteed onions.  YUM!!!   The sandwiches are huge and we each took half home.  The complimentary pickles and pickled tomatoes were flavorful and just as they should be.   Service was outstanding:  Sean, our Irish server checked back frequently and made sure beverages were filled.  The restaurant is immaculate and tastefully decorated ---- I can only imagine how busy Abe's will be once the winter residents return ---it will be worth the wait!
Decided to try Abe's for breakfast. After reading all of the wonderful Yelp reviews I figured how could we go wrong!? Well, I don't know what everyone else ate, but we went very wrong. 

I ordered the nova, eggs, and onion for breakfast as did my dad. We get this all the time everywhere we go and never have I had "fishy" lox. It smelled so bad I was afraid to try it and when I did I realized that it tasted just as bad. I could not finished it and exchanged it for egg whites made without butter and bacon. The egg whites came soaked in butter with bacon that had a weird "irony" taste. My dad felt the same way about his food. 

After all of this the waitress felt bad and brought a brownie for me to take home, but honestly after I ordered egg whites I couldn't eat due to being smothered in butter, the last thing I wanted was a brownie...

I would never ever recommend this place to anyone, especially when Butterfields is down the street.
So, I planned everything for my daughters Bat Mitzvah and of course waited to the week prior to contact Abe's Deli to cater for 50 people at our house on Sunday.  Larry, (the owner) couldn't have done a better job.  The food was fresh and delicious!  The presentation was of the finest I have seen.  I picked it up early Sunday laid it out when I got home and it looked awesome.   

We had tuna fish, white fish, egg salad and all of it was perfect.   The bagels were yummy and the sweats WOW!  
They crushed it for us!  This is as good as it gets in AZ.
Tried it over the weekend, as I usually go to another 'very-near-by' bagel and bialy place, just to see the competition, you can tell they are trying to poach customers from this other near-by deli.

Had a bagel and lox, to start, as it's pretty much a standard for a 'jewish' bakery. The nova was really bad, very slimy and smelled 'too' fishy for lox. Cream cheese was fine, tomatoes looked maybe a day or two old. And my bagel was undercooked on the inside. I picked at it but was not happy.

For my main dish I got the Rueben, which was pretty good. Nothing bad to note, but not the best I've had.

My wife got an omelet which was very over cooked... brown 'crunchy' eggs, rubbery texture. Just no good. After notifying the waitress, we felt like we were being judged and her attitude was on the cusp of rude, saying, "Well do you want me to get you a new one or not?" normally not a rude sentence, but with her attitude you could tell this wasn't the first plate sent back this morning.

Really sad this place was a dud, as the prices looked pretty good for the neighborhood.

Abe's website says, "Finally an alternative" I disagree... There is a reason other places have been around for 20+ years. I'm going to stick to my normal bagel and bialy place right across the street. 

tl;dr Don't chance it and Skip Abe's.
Came for breakfast during a Saturday Nike ride. Hope we can ride home after all the food. Had the lox and eggs and onions. Great fast and friendly service even with a coupon. Lots of lox and sure seemed like more than two eggs, too, and still hot. My wife had just scrambled and also felt it was more than two eggs. We don't do these kind of breakfasts usually but this will be our place when we do. Always remember to tip on the pre-coupon amount!
Everyone at work had lunch from here and we were all pleasantly surprised at the good quality of the food. a little expensive for everyday and they didn't have a delivery driver but pick up was quick and easy. Will go back again!
We went to Abe's recently for a weeknight dinner and then returned a few weeks later for breakfast on a Saturday morning.  

For dinner, I found the roast turkey & dressing completely underwhelming.  Big thick slices of warmed deli turkey served w/ cranberry sauce.  Not a fan of the dressing, overpowered by the excessive seasoning (sage??) and the gravy didn't help.  Steamed veggies were on the bland side but edible.  On a positive note, the potato pancakes served w/ applesauce and sour cream were excellent. 

On our return visit, I had the breakfast special w/ eggs, bagel & cream cheese, and coffee for $5.99 - add bacon or other meat for a couple more $$.  They delivered a very good breakfast in a relaxed and enjoyable environment.  They don't open until 8am so if you are an early riser, cool your heels for an hour or so.

On both visits, the service was excellent, very friendly and efficient.  This place is cavernous and had plenty of empty tables both times.  Very comfortable booths and tables, nice decor.  Lots of TVs so you can view your favorite game or whatever.  Won't be back for dinner but we will definitely go back for breakfast.
Went to Abes this last Sat am with some friends to try it out. Was really impressed! The owner (Larry) greeted us at the door and made us feel like family. Breakfast was really good, the potatoes and eggs spot on!

The breakfast was so good, we came back for lunch on Sunday. Even better, they now have tables outside on the patio. Service was really good.
Thanks to Living Social we finally had a chance to try out Abe's Deli.  I'm glad we did too!  Here's what we ordered over 3 visits:

Cloak & Dagger (Corned Beef, Slaw, Russian Dressing), $9
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=qkYptzmpXZ66QxVmP2enLw#qkYptzmpXZ66QxVmP2enLw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=JSAAw0tDIsBhTU4STwSaAw#JSAAw0tDIsBhTU4STwSaAw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=vZ7O2zJpGIcnbrMpHNQrmw#vZ7O2zJpGIcnbrMpHNQrmw

Three Rueben Sliders (Corned Beef, Pastrami, Brisket) w/Baby Latkes, $8.50
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=jXkqhpBwqsvu1GCR2-IxCg#jXkqhpBwqsvu1GCR2-IxCg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=OANYsljo-G6fNuBm2twZMg#OANYsljo-G6fNuBm2twZMg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=y6FsGUffGmNMGRMR0aHT-Q#y6FsGUffGmNMGRMR0aHT-Q

Salami Sandwich, $9
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=EmW1c5CH-tvn5kUbjiRxUQ#EmW1c5CH-tvn5kUbjiRxUQ

Bacon Cheddar Burger, $11
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=15UB3LX_1HaJCe2tk0EBRA#15UB3LX_1HaJCe2tk0EBRA

Latkes
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=MOVjS51hXWCQmT-367uouQ#MOVjS51hXWCQmT-367uouQ


The Cloak & Dagger Sandwich and the Rueben Sliders are unbelievable!  They're sooo good and addicting!  The benchmark for me is "do I crave the Sandwich after I've had it?"....the answer for both of them is "yes".

I did force myself to try a couple other items, just so I didn't get stuck on those 2.  The Burger is very good and so is the Latkes.  The Salami Sandwich, not so much....but that's because it's so plain compared to the other Sandwiches I've had.

Service here is ok, not great....but the food is phenomenal.  One of my new fav's in town.

Return Factor - 100%
This place is amazing. We had the Reuben on the latke. BEST SANDWICH EVER. Do yourself a favor and eat it! Try the pickles and salads too. Service was great.
My wife and I just decided on a quick soup and half sandwich and Abe's was the place. 
The kreplach soup was wonderful and the brisket on rye with a slice of Swiss made the meal almost too much to eat. 
My wife had matzo ball soup and a corned beef on rye and she also struggled to finish. 
This was our third visit and gotta say Abe's prices are quite a bit better then their unnamed competition in the valley. 
If you're craving some real Jewish deli food this is the place. 
Coming from Chicago good Jewish food is not easy to find in Arizona so Abe's got me as a customer for a long time to come.
Shout out to our waitress Shayne who is a sweetheart.
This the best deli in Arizona by far!  Been here about a half dozen times and the food gets better with each visit.  I had small center cut tongue on rye and my wife had the corned beef reuben.  Both were delicious and a lot to eat.  Great cole slaw as well.  This is the only deli we will ever go to - even though it's a 50 minute drive from home!!
Although we have had lunch and/or dinner several times at Abe's, today was the first time for breakfast.  And what a great breakfast it was!!  Four of us - each had something different and everyone said their choice was great!

We always enjoy our times at Abe's and we will continue to go there even though it is about a 50 minute drive
Food. A
Ambiance. A  (for a deli)
Service. A
Parking. A

First time visit for lunch and we really like it.  The food was great.  Lean, tender corned beef.  Like the interior and it's nice clean newer look.  Had lunch last week at a very well known nearby deli and after about 6 meals there, we will definitely switch over to this place when we want Jewish food.
My family and I decided to give Abe's a chance tonight (we usually go to Chombie's) and we absolutely loved it. In fact, I am upset we haven't discovered the wonderful atmosphere and mouth-watering food sooner.
Had lunch today, ordered a pastrami on rye, sandwich came and was very fat and salty and the meat seemed like it was sitting in a Luke warm steamer for hours. I wouldn't recommend their meat thought it was awful not worth any price. My wife and I are visiting Scottsdale and have eaten at a bunch of Jewish style delis and this was the first one that was not worth returning to.p
This place really wants to be as good as Chompie's but it just isn't. It's really large and almost always empty. That should sort of say it all. The food is ok, the service is ok too but nothing about this place made me leave wanting to return or tell people about it eagerly.
Great service.  Large portions.  A bit tricky to find the place in the dark but it's worth it.
I've been to Abe's for breakfast and for lunch. I got an Italian hoagie, which was great, except that it was nearly $10. As someone who grew up in Philly, I KNOW hoagies. And no hoagie should cost more than $8 MAX. The breakfast experience was similar. I had a bagel (which was soft and fresh), with a generous helping of cream cheese and lox...the same breakfast I usually get from NY Bagel & Bialy....but it was a bit more expensive. Overall, I would recommend Abe's, but only if NYBB is a full house.
Abe's is closed. Drove across town only to discover construction crews tearing out all the equipment.
Stopped by for breakfast on Saturday morning and found them locked up tight.  Sadly Abe's has closed.
He is an idiot! Why... He went out of business and we miss that guy. Errrr! Heard he moved and boy oh boy it's even worse.  He needs to pick an area where he can strive.
it's closed!  i'm bummed out.  best deli i found in the area.
it's closed.  it's closed.  it's closed. it's closed
I'll sum it up quickly:  the service is great, and the sandwiches are BOMB!!! (I'd suggest putting that cherry pepper relish on your sub for some extra kick.)

Ever since this location opened, I've wanted to try it out.  Been going back for a couple months now, and I love the place.  Their "Original Italian" is just delicious.  If you haven't been there yet, you gotta go!

You don't go there and pay five bucks for a limp sub that has you searching for meat.  At Jersey Mike's, it's a little pricier, but you get a big sandwich with big flavor, and there's plenty to share.  I also appreciate seeing smiling staff that you can actually hold a conversation with while they make your order.  That puts me in a good mood even after a long day at work.

Good food, good service.  I'll be back, and I'm bringing others with me!
Stopped in to check out the subs and they have won us over! Subway is trash compared to the higher quality ingredients, from the bread to meat. This is a very welcome addition to the Laveen area, food choices in the area are horrid, but this bring I some wonderful light!
best subs in town !
The sandwiches are great!  The menu used to be a lot bigger when I was kid and they also had a breakfast menu too.  I still think that they have the best sandwiches around!  Service is great and they get it out pretty fast even though they slice it for you as you wait.  I prefer the slicing it fresh over over sub-way's pre-cut stuff in a bucket.  I am a frequent flyer their.
YUMMO
Great food, but kinda steep on pricing. ($1/inch on subs.) Got 1 wrap and 2 regular sized subs for $22!
This quick-service sandwich chain is a welcome new addition to the valley.  If you're looking for a comparison to somewhere more established; think Paradise Bakery, but take away the coffee and baked goods and replace it with a much bigger meal selection, and lower prices.  Like most Paradise locations, McAlister's has its customers order at the register, gives a number, and brings the food to them.

I had the New Yorker (corned beef, pastrami, swiss and spicy mustard on rye) with a side of potato salad.  Very good.  Not close to anything you'd find in a New York deli, but on par with anything I'd expect from a sandwich shop.  The potato salad was pretty good as well.  My fianc went with the choose two (half orders of two menu items) with a grilled chicken sandwich (comes with lettuce, tomato, and honey mustard on a croissant) and a baked potato.  Both were delicious.

We both also had the tea (the sweet tea appears to be something McAlister's is known for).  Not being a big sweet tea fan, I asked for half unsweetened.  This worked out well for me.  If you're a sweet tea fan, you'll probably love the real thing.

McAlister's staff is very welcoming and friendly.  Maybe a little too friendly.  The soda and tea fountains are behind the counter, but they have no problem refilling your drink for you.  In fact, a worker will pass your table and ask if you want a refill.  Several times.  It almost felt like they were looking for something to do.   But it's nice and unexpected service, so I will not complain.

The one thing I will complain about is the menu board.  It either needs be moved up or reprinted much bigger.  The meals are listed in white font against a black background.  While the names are easy to read, the descriptions are small and are tough on the eyes.  I'm 32, my fianc is 27, and we both had to look at a takeout menu instead of steer at the board.  I can't even imagine what this would be like for older people.  It felt like McAlister's was reminding me it's time for my annual visit with my optometrist.
Family and I went to McAlisters and it is just like the one's in Oklahoma. Very good food for ok prices. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Just don't forget to get some sweet tea!  

On this trip, I got the pick two. I got a cup of soup and a French dip sandwich. My wife got a the grilled chicken spud. Son got Mac and cheese kids meal. Food was hot and delivered very promptly after ordering. All tasted great. 

Pros:
Great food
Good fast service
Sweet tea (I mean c'mon, you have to put it on here!)

Cons:
Can be a bit pricey for a soup and sandwich.
Ok McAlister's, you get your 5 stars for service.  Everyone there is overly friendly and helpful.  You also get 5 stars for the amount of staff you have on hand, the speed of service, and the cleanliness of the place.  I also enjoy the ginormous drinks that are refilled for you without you having to get up.

What I don't like is the menu.  There are just too many choices.  Also, it is a mish mash of stuff that is difficult to wrap my head around.  Looks like their thing is sweet tea, baked potatoes, salads, and deli sandwiches.  The place kinda sorta looks like a sports bar so it is all a very strange combination to me.

I've been there twice so far and have thoroughly enjoyed my salad and sandwich each time.  The ingredients look to be fresh and the portions are good.
I know, I know...it's a chain.  But it's in the hood and it's GOOD!!  We have been there a handful of times and mostly like everything we have ordered.  I love that you can choose 1/2 and 1/2; meaning 1/2 salad, cup soup, 1/2 spud, 1/2 sandwich and use ANY combination.  That means you can try 2 different salads, 2 different sandwiches, salad & sandwich, salad & spud, etc.  Here's what I've had so far:

Savannah Chopped Salad:  Mmmmm... gorgonzola cheez....The ingredients were fresh but I would recommend changing the dressing to ranch.  Not a fan of the sherry shallot.
The Smokey Pepper jack Turkey grilled Sandwich:  Melts in your mouth!  There is a little tang but lots of flavor.  You can taste the bacon in every bite.
Spicy Southwest Chicken Griller:  The Chipotle Ranch is a little sassy!  Love it! I'm usually not a fan of "warm" guacamole (it comes on this sandwich and the sandwich is grilled) but it tasted fine and added that necessary "moisture", for lack of a better term, to the sandwich.
Cobb Club:  MY FAV!!!  It states on their online menu that they add mayo but I'm pretty sure the one here uses Light Mayo, which I love!  The gorgonzola (mmmmmmm.....) makes this sandwich pop in your mouth.  It's a perfect combo of all these ingredients without being too much.
Mac & Cheez:  You can get this as a side.  I have a rule to try the mac & cheez wherever I go.  This one was creamy enough but had a weird, industrial, mass-produced taste to it.  Not nearly as bad as some I've had.  Would I order it again?  Maybe...
Bacon/Cheez Spud:  Holy crap these things are huge!  I didn't know potatoes could grow that large.  It took three meals to finish it, as a side dish of course, but so worth it.  
There are still more items I'd like to try.  They have special takeout parking so it's easy to get in and out.  Happy eating all!
My wife took me here for the first time and I really enjoyed the McAlister Club Sandwhich and Mac N' Cheese. Good stuff, a bit pricey but good.
This Deli opened in the PV mall area a couple of months ago.  I figured I'd give them time to settle in before trying them out. This review only reflects my first impressions.  A couple of days ago was the moment.  I spun in around 1130 on a workday for a to-go lunch sandwich.   
The menu is fairly extensive and follows the same theme as a Paradise Bakery, but with way more sandwiches.

People seem to love this place, but for me, I got a very "corporatized" feel from my first impression.  The kitchen is hidden from view, with only a small window into the prep area, which the food is passed through.  Service is quick and friendly.  I chose the "Memphian",  which is described as:
 "Black Angus roast beef, Black Forest ham, Butterball 
smoked turkey, provolone, lettuce, tomatoes, lite mayo and 
spicy brown mustard on a toasted 6" wheat hoagie."

and I ordered a side of coleslaw to go with it.  they have a variety of sides from coleslaw to potato salad, mac salad or mac and cheese to select from.  The sandwich came out shortly and I tossed it in my saddlebag to spin off back to work.

When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.  The bread was soft and doughy, like it had been microwaved, the meat was skimpy, but the worst part was the lettuce.  There was a big, black-edged hole of rotting lettuce in it.  This tells me a couple of things, one - they did not properly clean their lettuce.  One would think with all the fear of e-coli coming from vegetables that there would be a stronger effort to clean the vegetables.  Two, the quality-control sucks.  this piece of lettuce should have never gone out of the kitchen.  Both of these clues tell me the kitchen is either not managed, or it is run by somebody that does not care.  Prolly not a good thing when there is so much competition around this area, but hey, it is what it is.

I did not find the sandwich especially pleasing, and the small container of cole-slaw was only half-full, again, sending the corporatized-portion-controlled message.  I may try this place again, but it's gonna be a while before I go back.
New place in our neighborhood. Went to try it out and was pleased. It has nice seating areas and everything we tried we liked. We will go back. Better than Paradise Bakery which has gotten sort of old.
I haven't been to a McAlister's in about ten years, and while I don't remember liking it very much, they have changed a bit.  I've been to this location twice and enjoyed it both times.  Tonight I got the choose two with a bacon spud and grilled roast beef sandwich.  Both were great!  I would get them again.  Fast, friendly, and cheap.  What more could you ask for?
I just moved up the street, had a coupon and figured I'd give McAlisters a shot. Here are my thoughts:
Pros: Dine in food prepped quickly. Good strong iced tea. Nice new, clean dining area.

Cons: The menu is very hard to read (very small type) albeit extensive. I had the half veggie sandwich and the half SW Cobb. The sandwich was blah, but overwhelmed by green bell pepper which I picked off. The salad was nothing special either. The chicken tasted like microwave grocery store bagged chicken. I picked most of it off, it was so rubbery. The dressings came on the side, which I appreciate, but neither was memorable.

Bottom line, without a coupon, I don't think it is worth it, but may give it a 2nd chance and try a spud. Til then, I'll stick with Cafe Zupas up the street.
Living in New York has really raised my standards on Deli's. I would say this is about the same as any basic bodega in New York. Would be just as happy with a subway sandwich
First time trying this place, always see their ad on the bus stop when I drive by and I'm so glad I stopped in! The employees were great and the food was yummy. What made it a 5 star for me was the manager. When I was ordering he told me kids eat free Tuesday, and I should order something for my 2 year old. I got him the pita pizza and he seemed to like it pretty well. I tasted it and it was quite good. It was nice to see other options on the kids menu besides the traditional Mac n cheese or chicken strips... it came on a whole wheat pita too! The coleslaw was also good - not dry like a lot of places are making it now.

I will definitely be back to try a panini next time!
I always get the sweet chipotle chicken grilled sandwich - love it. Staff is so helpful, cheerful and great. The baked potato spuds are AWESOME. This is one of my regular lunch spots.
Pretty good, not memorable.  They said it was a chain headquartered in Mississippi.  That could explain it.  Nice staff though.
I love the friendliness of the staff here. They are more than accommodating. I like the variety of food and the portions are wonderful--always plan to take home some! The tea is so great--reminds me of my Tennessee home! The only drawback would be entering and exiting if they are busy...it's a little cramped getting past the line. Great experience AND a coupon to enjoy again!
I've never been here before and I was really craving a chicken salad, so I gave it a shot.  I was forewarned that I wouldn't be writing home about it anytime soon, but I still tried it out.  Definitely was not impressed.  The food was edible, but the management of this place seems nonexistent.

Everything is done on one register, including drinks and to-go.  My to-go order took me almost 10 minutes in line to even pay for because the employee had one speed: losing the race against sap.  

I called in ahead of time for a to-go and ordered the southwest cobb.  I asked for it to be tossed so I didn't get home with not enough dressing.  That was somehow difficult for them because the only thing not tossed within the salad was the dressing.  Umm, okay...?  The chicken on the salad was so cold that I think parts of it were actually still frozen (gross).  There was a significant amount of tough spots and fat on it to add (gross gross).  The salad altogether was just meh.

It really seems like they bought everything from Walmart and created a deli to put the groceries together in different ways and jack the price up while they're at it.  Overall, I think I would be more satisfied with Paradise Bakery on their worst day.
I love the peach tea, which is what made me return here.  That being said, I ordered the new BBQ pulled pork sandwich. There was barely any meat on the sandwich at all.  If you want to eat bread, with a flavoring of BBQ sauce, then go for it.  But for $8-$9 for a sandwich, there should be meat.
Was there for dinner 10/18/13.  Ordered two stuffed potatoes.  Both potato skins tasted like they had been in the warmer too long, burnt and crunchy, instead of crispy.  Stuffings were generous and tasty.  Carrot cake for dessert was excellent, as were the tea and lemonade.  Might try again at lunch.
The southwest chicken salad is amazing. The half muffalata and cup of gumbo is also really good. The staff at this location is very friendly and accommodating. While it is a self service restaurant, the staff constantly walks around to see if you need drink refills or if there is anything they can get you. Its good food at a great price and has become a regular weekend lunch spot for me. The tea is also really good if you like tea. Coupons are regularly available for 3.00 off an entree from money mailer so make sure to look for one before going, but if you find it online it must be printed.
I got the Southwest Cobb and my husband got half a New Yorker and a cup of chicken dumpling soup. My salad was huge and soooo good. The lettuce was extremely fresh and green. I loved every bite of it. I had a bite of my husband's sandwich and the meat was tender and flavorful. I enjoyed his soup, but he didn't like it. He expected real dumplings, like the biscuit kind, but instead they were more like noodles. The soup was also very thick like they added a lot of cornstarch instead of creamy like I would think chicken and dumpling soup would be. Still good, just not quite what one expects. But overall, I would definitely come back.
I really wanted to like this place, after all, it is within 1/2 mile of my home.  But alas, the experience was lackluster and I'm not sure I'll give it a 2nd shot.

We went there for lunch. They were very busy. The counter staff was friendly and patient, competent overall.  But my 2 stars has nothing to do with the congenial staff, or the clean, bright dining area- these would rate 4 stars. It was the marginal food, and that's what gets the 2 stars. And I think you are reading this review, thinking "what's good to eat?" NOT "who's gonna be sweet to me at the counter?" . So I'll be honest and hopefully help McAlister's to improve, OR save you some dining bucks.

I got a Reuben, one of my favorites. Something about the sandwich, either the bread or the meat, tasted like it had been frozen and defrosted.  The meat was very salty but without much other flavor.  

My dining companion had a half sandwich/soup combo and, while I cannot remember what he ordered, he commented before I did that he has definitely had better.  

Ironically, we could see Chompie's out the window, across the street, where they make a killer Reuben.  

So, will I go back? Maybe, if a group of friends is going and someone else has pre-selected. But I'm not likely to try it again. There are too many excellent places nearby to chance mediocrity a second time.  Next time I want a Reuben, I will be at Miracle Mile, Chompie's, or Sacks.
My favorite lunch place - when in doubt, go to McAlister's! The food is always top notch and of all the things I've tried, I've never eaten anything I didn't like. The Savannah Chopped Salad is a favorite as well as the Four Cheese Griller. The spuds are great ( huge) so I get it as the Choose 2 combo with a salad and half a spud and it's a perfect lunch. The service is always good and it's nice to be greeted as a regular. Oh, and the fresh, baked-daily cookies? A fabulous way to cap off lunch.
Went for first time yesterday and VERY impressed! Tons of meat on a great tasting sandwich. Delicious potato salad. The prices were very fair. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items.
McAlisters not only has fabulous items on their menu, but this location has a wonderful team of people working there!  They are truly service oriented...they want to make everything just right for you whether you are rushing with a take out order, or staying and chatting for a leisurely lunch.  Love to have discovered this yummy lunch spot!  Love the Savannah Salad!  I also love that you can order (and pay!) online.  Great idea....multiple people can order and pay online, while one person goes to pick up the take out order!
Best food and customer service! Cody is the man! I guarantee Every time we come back into town we WILL be here! 
Thanks Cody and team
Love, 
the Dawls 
Shawl Dawls
Absolutely love this place! The staff is incredible, and the food is always great! We eat here weekly and have never had a poor experience.
Love the choose 2 option. They are polite and the employees and managers here do a good job of keeping it clean. The spuds are awesome.
The food has been consistently decent (except for one severely overcooked potato), but the service consistently average to non-existent. Today I waited in a growing line while one employee continued to fumble through orders while 3 plus employees, including a "shift leader" stood by doing nothing but watching. I had to wait an absurd amount of time for two simple sandwiches. The employee who finally brought out my to go order said, "sorry about the long wait", but what good does that do me after killing a half an hour waiting on two sandwiches when I could have gone to Jersey Mike's AND Jimmy John's in that same amount of time.  Chompies is right across the street, so I'd rather wait that long to support a local business.
I'd like to update my last review. The GM, Kody, is a class act. He reached out to me right away and has used this situation as a training tool.  I hope to see continued improvement in the future. Thanks, Kody!
Well, well, well! Yes- I've had a change of heart about McAlister's and I will be all to happy to tell you how I went from 2 stars to 5 stars!

I heard from Kody, this location's GM, who expressed his concern that we weren't happy with our first visit. He offered me two vouchers to come in and try them again, and made some menu suggestions as well. Sooo... about a month after receiving these my husband and I decided to try lunch at the same McAlister's.

As before, it was busy at lunch, but the staff was unfailingly polite. We ordered, selecting a French Dip and a Savannah Chopped Salad. We had iced tea and 2 cookies as well, all part of our free meal (thanks, Kody!).  OK, the salad was mine but my husband actually thought he should have half of it. Nope- that was a great salad and I did not want to share. While he munched on my salad, I stole some of his French Dip, was was excellent as well.  Somehow I only got half a cookie.  So, this visit was a great success and we agreed to come back again, and stick to the popular items on the menu and Kody's recommendations.

Since that visit, I/we have been back at least SIX times (that's about every other week), usually take-out ordered online. The Savannah Chopped Salad is a favorite in our house- if things are busy I will order a couple and leave them in the fridge and they will be gone in 12 hours or less. 

What's on this awesome salad:  Crisped Greens, Dried Cranberries, Honey Roasted Almonds, Gorgonzola Cheese, Fresh Tomatoes, Cucumbers and Grilled Chicken. The Sherry Vinaigrette is the best dressing paired with this. This salad is appropriate to bring to an event if you get too busy to make your own dish- just pick up a couple of them and you'll be the hero!

My mother has been with me on a couple of these take-out runs, and gets a cup of soup. She has commented that she loves their soups, a high compliment coming from a food particular woman who was/is an excellent cook.

Iced tea is fresh! Cookies taste like homemade! 

I suggest that you try them out if you have not done so already. Ask what's popular and/or what the staff person's favorite items are if you are undecided, as the menu is large. And let them know if you don't like something- they will make it right.
Great food, awesome customer service!!! Sweet tea & turkey Ruben are my go to- amazing!!!
We had to wait a little while for food but the staff was all super friendly and the manager was going around giving free meals to all the customers who had to wait awhile for their food. Food was delish! Definitely recommend this place to anyone!
What's not to like?  This place starts out with a huge glass of sweet tea, or lemonade that comes with refills sure to rehydrate anyone who is thirsty...then add in a combo of a sandwich and salad or baked potato with amazing toppings and finish it off with a slice of carrot cake.  Amazing.  Now the real reason I love this place...there is a sandwich here that will knock your socks off...try the Cobb club sandwich.  It is seriously amazing.  I eat it all the time and recommend it wholeheartedly!
HUGE FREAKN SALADS!!! thats honestly all i remember about going. 


I got a sandwich there, it was pretty good. I remember feeling hungry afterwards though. Wish the sandwiches there were a bit bigger.
I love this place. I really don't like sandwiches very much but this place makes me break my rules. I love their cheese steak sandwich and pot roast sandwich. They have colossal spuds that are by far the worlds best. The menu is full of great eats.  They have the best sweet tea in town and that's no joke! Simply order your meal and relax a little cause this place is just as relaxing as being at home. I love coming to this place to meet people and for a sweet intimate date with my wife. You can keep your paradise bakery and wildflower bread company cause they don't compare. This place is sure to please whoever you to take with you.  


P.S. Mike please open a franchise at the Chandler Fashion Center. I drive nearly 30 miles to eat with you all and would be here more frequently if you all were closer by. Chandler Fashion Center would be a great location because corporations such as Intel, Ebay, Fox, Expedia, etc... have corporate locations in less than 10 miles from that mall not to mention a lot of new housing. I can promise you that area is profitable as well as Scottsdale and Tempe. I really hope you plan to expand in the Phoenix metropolitan area! I am from Texas and places like Mcallisters would let people in the Phoenix area know what good food they are missing out on. Thanks for investing in Phoenix and bringing such a great place out here. I love it!
Nice deli with a lot of options.  

Food is great.  Recommend trying some of the sandwiches.
A definite hidden Gem!! 

The wife and I stopped in for lunch one day and I instantly knew this was going to become one of my go-to's. The product is fresh, the portions are generous, and the staff is friendly. Well done and welcome to the neighborhood!
New sandwich shop on the block! Firehouse just opened a couple days ago right in the strip mall couple doors down from the Walmart Super Center.  The inside is pretty spacious and deco themed like a firehouse. Cute table tops decorated in Dalmatian print.  Service wise, order and pay first, cashiers taking your order are cheerful. Another server will come by to serve your food. No long wait in line, food came out promptly.

I ordered the Pork Sandwich. It's featured prominently on the menu on the wall.  The Kings Hawaiian bread is what attracted me to it.  Sandwich reminded me of Kalua pork sandwich, with slaw and mayo dressing. Good amount of meat filled my sandwich. Pork was tender, had a smoky flavor to it. Did not taste any spices though. They must rely on the hot sauces for the added kick because there is huge selection of hot sauces for your sandwiches. The combo comes with chips and a drink.  Oh the drink fountain was pretty unique!  Lots of soda flavors to choose from. 

My first impression overall it's a cool sandwich place to come by for lunch or a quick bite to eat  when you are shopping here.
Decent sandwiches at a good price. A friend and I went for lunch. He ordered he meatball and I had the Italian. I really liked the Italian and would order it again. The meatball wasn't so good but I thought it would be better than it was. I will go back again to try something new.
Firehouse Subs opens up closer to me! Granted it's still a drive, but it's the closest one to me now. And it's in an area of town I often frequent.

I stopped by today while running errands in the Henderson area and the place was packed. There were only two tables open, and it was about 1:30 in the afternoon. As with other Firehouse Subs this one has that (obvious) this place is made by firefighters feel. From the dalmatian spot tables to the firefighter jackets hanging behind the place where the employees are working.

I did wait about 10 minutes for my sandwich to be made. That IS a little long considering this is a sandwich place competing with other places like Subway that make sandwiches pretty darn fast. It's kind of weird to me that sandwiches come out that slow considering how many employees there are working behind the counter. However - all sandwiches are warmed up so maybe that is where the extra bit of time comes into play - I'm not sure. Even though the wait was a bit long I LOVED my favorite Hook & Ladder.

While I waited I got a few hot sauces, and there are plenty of them. Do not miss getting some sauces to put on your sandwich. I personally like the Firehouse Subs signature sauce, it reminds be of Batch 88 from Quiznos.

Overall I will return to this Firehouse Subs quite a bit I am sure. They are still currently my favorite place to get a sandwich. Oh remember - they give you a pickle with your sandwich combo!
I had heard good things about other Firehouse Subs, so when one opened up practically next to me, I said I was going to check it out someday, and driving home from the bank I did just that.

The place looked fairly busy for 4pm-ish, and the cashier girl, Tina, was very pleasant. She helped me place my order -- a foot-long Turkey Bacon Ranch sandwich combo.

If I could give half-stars, this place would earn another half-star SIMPLY because they have one of the Coke Freestyle machines. Orange Lemonade? Yes please!

I made the quick drive home, and dug in. It was a good sandwich.

But it was no different from a Subway sub or a Quizno's sub, and both of those places are much cheaper.

So, not a bad place overall, but it was a bit overhyped.
good subs, the sauces are awesome! they have so many to choose from, it makes the sub!
I went there for the first time the other night because I had heard a lot of a good things, and this location is a straight drive down the street from my house. I ordered the Firehouse Hero on wheat which involves turkey, roast beef, honey ham, and provolone. It was delicious! They definitely didn't skimp on the meat. The price was around the same as a Subway sandwich, give or take a dollar, but definitely a jump up in quality.

They had one of those fantastic new Coke machines with 120 flavors. Sparkling water, Fanta, Mello Yello, etc., all of which were listed on their cups in case you get lost in the number of flavor combinations you can come up with. Bonus points for lots and lots of drink options.

My favorite little quirk about this place was the mini-bar of hot sauces they had on display! I'm terrible at guessing numbers, but I would say they had 30-40 different kinds. I love variety and I love hot sauce on almost everything. Unfortunately, I didn't get to try any because I wanted to get in, eat my sandwich fairly quickly, and get out. That, and it was my first time there so I wanted to try it true and unadulterated. But the former leads me to my next observation:

I gave it three stars because I went in about half an hour before closing (I know, shame on me) and felt some hostility from the employees for being there that late. I used to work at a coffee shop on the Strip, so I understand what it's like wanting to go home after a full shift and having to re-wash all the equipment I just cleaned to make someone a drink so close to closing time. But I still never expected to go home any earlier than half an hour after closing. It was a job and all. At Firehouse, a group of people came in a little after I did and one of the girls let out a loud, exasperated sigh and exclaimed, "McDonald's is open 24 hours!" This was clear as day, and totally uncomfortable to hear as a customer.

If people wanted a McNasty FartBurger, they would go there. I think it's safe to assume we all know McDonalds' hours. But people show up at Firehouse Subs to give them their business instead because they do have good product. I'll still be back for another sandwich, but I guess I'll just have to make sure I'm hungry at a more convenient time.
This is definitely my favorite fast food sub shop. Ingredients are everything, and everything I see and taste here tells me that they're using top-grade fresh ingredients. The brisket sandwich is probably my favorite... and it's the one my wife ALWAYS gets. Unlike her, I often bounce around the menu to try different things. Definitely a step up from Subway, Quiznos, Jimmy Johns, etc in my opinion. As with all of my reviews, I grade each place relative to what I perceive to be its peers - so five star compared to them.
This place is worth checking out atleast once.
The variety of sauces the theme is okay. 
Team looks enthusiastic about making sandwiches. 
If you're tired of Subway/Port of subs try this place.
I always see this place every time I drive by so I decided to stop and try it out.. 
Good very fresh
Pretty good sandwich place. Not greasy or too heavy. I got the number 8 which comes with turkey, Swiss and mushrooms and then you can add all the regular fixins'..lettuce, tomato, onion, mustard etc. the mushrooms tasted like canned mushrooms and weren't hot :(

They have a really cool drink fountain (I know, I'm lame) that allows you to customize your drink with different flavorings, i.e. vanilla, strawberry, etc. 

The service wasn't that great - the girl working at the register was far more interested in chatting with two boys she apparently knew personally and then continued to complain about people hot pushing their chairs in at their tables. Not very professional. 

I'll probably be back if I'm in the area, but I doubt I'll make a point of going out of my way to eat there in future.
After my initial review, the owner of this particular Firehouse Subs reached out to me and recommended I come in and try it again, and that's always something I appreciate, so I said I would fairly soon.

That was about two or three months ago? Oops.

Well, I finally got around to making good on that the other day when I was making an emergency run to Wallyworld next door. I stopped in and got my order "for here" instead of "to go" this time. Maybe there's something to be said about that choice because the sandwich (a Firehouse Hero, I believe it was called) seemed tastier and fresher right out of the oven.

Still a little pricey for a sandwich, especially after upgrading to a combo (and forgetting to get my chips -- that was my fault though), but the meats were plentiful and the veggies crisp. An a-okay sandwich, if you ask me.

In the original review I went back and forth between three and four stars and eagerly wished for a half-star. So why the fourth star this time? Staff. The crew seemed really friendly and not like they hated their job. Being in the hospitality industry, customer service is make-or-break, and theirs was quite good. Plus, as I said, I always appreciate it when owners and management go out of their way to touch base with their customers, and that care was reflected in the crew at this Firehouse Subs.

Kudos to the Firehouse Subs team for turning a mediocre experience into a solidly good one.
Wow, first time in and yep I likey! I split a sandwich, I think it was a club, it was amazing. Really fresh, I am a fan.
It was about 8pm on a Thursday, pretty slow (to be honest just myself, hubby and another couple)..
The staff was friendly, helpful and prompt, the store is large and very clean!
I will be back!
I had the Turkey & Cranberry sub without tomatoes and I loved it! I would definitely recommend trying it, if you haven't yet.
I had a couple of gripes about this place, that left me unimpressed. For one, it took them 20 mins to finish our order...this seemed long for a sandwich place with ~4 lady's working. 

But, my major issue was when I got home I saw they had switched up our order too, totally wrong sandwich for me and they put mayo on mine despite my specific request to not have it. 

I know mistakes happen so...I called them about it and the worker who answered the phone had no phone etiquette. After hearing my complaint she shouts to her coworkers "who made the firehouse sub? You messed up, ya, you give her the wrong sandwich. (Loud sigh) let me talk to my manager, hey this lady is calling cause we gave her the wrong sub, ya I know it was ___ she knows she messed up." SO Awkward. I decided to not go back after that weird interaction even though they offered to replace it.
The service was unimpressive and the food took a long time to get to us. But it was tasty. Never been here before. Would try it again sometime but with lowered expectations on quality of service and speed.
Great food, great service, and overall best Italian sub ever! I would recommend anyone trying these guys out!
The girl that took my order was extremely rude. Every time I go in there she seems to be working and no matter how nice I am to her she won't even crack a smile. Very uncomfortable to talk to her. Food is delicious though.
Worlds. Best. Subs. Yum. And you know what else? No matter which Firehouse you go to, it all tastes exactly the same. So, so yummy!
In the few months since I moved to the Henderson/LasVegas area, I'm glad I discovered this particular Firehouse Subs quickly!  The place is always spotless, the food is absolutely delicious, (Try the #5 !) &every person on the staff I have come in contact with, has been personable & helpful, and downright friendly!  {And a shout out to my new buddy, "Red" !}

Everything about this place will keep me coming back... from the staff, to the awesome sandwiches, to the "free-for-all" Coke machine that lets you mix 3,482 different flavors... LOVE that!

And, because of all that, they'll continue seeing me weekly.
This place was so good, I had it for the first time and then went back twice within a week.
I was excited to try this place because of all the good reviews but it was a huge WOMP for my family. There really isn't anything about this place that positively stood out to us. When we arrived, I remembered quite a few of their tables being dirty. It looked like a big crowd had just left. There were napkins everywhere, pieces of sandwich fillings on the floor and the chairs were strewn about like a tornado just hit. The service was friendly, but the sandwiches themselves were lackluster and just don't have enough power in them to keep us coming back.
We have been going to Jersey Mike's over the past nine years and was excited when  they recently opened this location. 

Sandwich shops seem to be the new fad in the restaurant industry. What they call quick food. Maybe because of the Great Recession, but they have proven to be very resilient in a slow economy. 

If I type into Yelp search: 'Sandwich', with a 1 mile radius, I come up with no fewer then five different places.  Along with some others that do other quick food items, like Corleones and Paradise Bakery. 

That said, this Jersey Mike's is convenient, clean, offers good value (when using coupons) and has a Manager/Owner on the premises, with employees who have been trained well and are friendly. 

I just enjoyed a #13, Original Italian, with a bag of chips and a 22 oz drink for the coupon discounted price of $6.99 plus tax. And, I received 6 points on my Jersey Mikes Club card. The sandwich was good, with a fair amount of cold cuts on a soft piece of sub bread that held up well.  Nice. 

So in summary... Go... Enjoy!
Great sandwiches & fast service. The few times I've gone there's always been a line, so you know it must be good! A new favorite lunch spot for our office.
I brought home some really good cheese steaks from this location. I've tried the other location at happy valley, but somehow it tasted better this time.
A whole wheat mini #7, please. Hold the cheese. With spicy mustard, lettuce, tomato and jalapeo. That's about 410 calories and makes me oh, so happy after a workout at the gym. 

I love that they slice your meat for you when you order it and all of the toppings are really fresh. I also like that it's a pretty simple set up. There's something like 15 sandwich options, with some hot, some wrapped and others on subs. You can also have a sandwich in a dish if you're gluten free. 

I'm a big fan. I also like the rewards program. You get points for every sandwich you purchase and eventually they earn you a free sammich! Heck yeah!
This joint opened recently and I finally decided to drop in and give it a try.  I've had Jersey Mike's back in Vegas, but this was my first time trying it here in Scottsdale.  I ordered a regular sized #13 Original Italian (Provolone, Ham, Prosciuttini, Cappacuolo, Salami, Pepperoni, $6.95) and Chips ($.99).
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jersey-mikes-subs-scottsdale-2?select=SAsdgro1HjRXZmKcT9oBRQ#SAsdgro1HjRXZmKcT9oBRQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jersey-mikes-subs-scottsdale-2?select=0ej781QrEV60Ea0nrKipFA#0ej781QrEV60Ea0nrKipFA

The Sandwich is OK, not great.  It doesn't leave me wanting more.  For me, it lacks something....I can't put my finger on it, but it's just not a great Sandwich to me.

TIP - The shopping mall where this place is located is very small and parking spaces are limited.  During the lunch hour and on weekends, the parking lot is overloaded and it's a mess to try and park.  

Return Factor - 50%
I went here for the first time and ordered the pastrami sandwhich. To put it simply, it was delicious. I will definitely be visiting this place again. Hope the quality stays great.
I've been a fan of Jersey Mike's for years, first in Ohio, then in Florida, and now in AZ.  The first location I visited in AZ wasn't disappointing, but didn't live up to my desire for perfection.  While this store isn't perfect, it's close.  They're friendly, fast, and the food is great.  I go once a week or so and love it every time.  Very impressed by this location.
Man, I'm super glad this Jersey Mikes opened up close to my work. 

I don't have much to say beyond what these other fine folks are saying. The sandwiches are really yummy. 

My pro-tip is to sign up for the emails. They send out a coupon once every week or two with some good lunch deals. Save yo' dimes yo!
Very tasty - been twice now. The italian was outstanding - hands down best sub shop of all the chains. Puts Subway to shame. Better than Cousins and even Blimpies which I used to frequent (not anymore!). I would give 5 stars but the cheese steaks are lacking - they have good meat and bread, but they need to toast the bread, and the cheese turns too melted/watery. But the cold sandwiches are amazing. Excellent service too.
The staff is very friendly and sandwiches are super yummy and fresh. #13 italian is the best. I stopped going to subway since this place opened.
2 stars for subs only! Service is AWFUL! BEWARE: the people who work here will not actually listen to your order and will completely screw it up and this has happened every single time I've been in. If it wasn't for the #13 Mike's Way I would never go back to this location.
It's a better sub then what you would get from the other sub places & it should be... $$. 
The kids that work there don't care, so don't be surprised if they mess up your order or give you some attitude if you make a crazy request, like throwing on a few peppers.
Tasty sandwich made with fresh ingredients and my exact topping preference, friendly staff, in a bright, clean location.  This place is all that I love about Jersey Mike's! 

If you've never been before, it's a really simple sub shop, similar to what you'd find on the East Coast, with fresh ingredients, yummy bread and simple decor.  They don't have a ton of fancy options, but everything is delicious!  Their vegetarian sandwich is a cheese sub with green peppers - my husband and I split the Giant.  They're a tiny bit more expensive than some other sadnwich shops, but their ingredients and service make them a big favorite with us.

Open until 9pm on Sundays!
These guys are awesome!!!  Fast service good quality food. The people there were very helpful and the food was outstanding. Ample quantity and they didn't skimp on the meat which is pretty common at places like this.  The veggies are always fresh and the price is spot on to where it should be for a sandwich like that.
Okay sandwich place.  Better than a Subway.  Similar to a Quiznos.
Great service and great subs. I always order an 8in with roast beef, mayo, provolone, and onions. It is always fresh and they never fail to skimp on the meat. These subs are to die for. The only reason why I knocked off a star is because as someone mentioned before, the cheesesteaks are really... Not to die for at all
New location, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to speed.  SO SLOW!!  The sandwiches taste great and really fresh, but be prepared to wait quite awhile during peak times.  Pricing is fair, and I LOVE the Coca Cola Freestyle pop machine they have there, which dispenses around 21 different brands of pop, each with 2-7 different flavors per brand.  7 flavors of Fanta and 4 flavors of Mello Yello?  Who knew!  Plenty of indoor seating, with some outdoor seating as well.  Parking kind of sucks because there's only about 7 spots directly outside the restaurant...so get used to parking by McDonalds and walking over.

Ok, back to the wait times.  I have been there twice.  The first time was only a couple days after they first opened their doors for business, and I waited in line about 5 minutes and it took 10-15 minutes to get my sandwich after paying for it.  At that time(roughly 3pm on a weekday), there wasn't many people there, so I was a little concerned about how long my sandwich took.  Today was my second time there, and this time I was there at the peak of lunch hour(12:15 on a weekday).  The place was packed with people and the line was long enough to span the entire front counter area.  The line seemed to be moving along ok, and within about 5-7 minutes I was placing my order.  This is where you thank me for telling you to bring your smartphone with you.  I waited a solid 20 minutes to get my sandwich today, and that's after I the initial wait to place the order.  I'm not sure if there is any prioritization on "to go" orders, or if they just made first in first out, but there was a pretty big group of us waiting in the corner for our to-go orders.  Now I understand why they have a sign in there that says, "Save time, order online ahead of time!".  I will test that out on my next visit.

Overall, good place to get a fresh sandwich.  The Steak & Cheese and Meatball sandwiches are pretty good, and the New York Steamer is a good choice if you like beef brisket with with pastrami.  I'll be back, but next time I will try to avoid the busy times of the work day.
I ordered 7 sandwiches and several other items.  Everything was ready and bagged when I arrived.  When I got to the office to and distributed the sandwiches, I noticed there was a sandwich missing.  

The first person wanted me to drive back to their store to pick up the sandwich.  When I told him I was going to drive back to their store because of their mistake, he transferred me to a manager.  

The manager took control of the situation and said she would deliver the sandwich.  

Better late than never.
Maybe it was all the hype, maybe it was the high prices, or maybe it just wasn't that good.  I dunno, I suppose that I have high standards when it comes to a sandwich - and in all my years this is the 1st Italian sandwich I've ever had that just overwhelmed me with sweetness (for the record, NOT a flavor most want on a sandwich not involving peanut butter or Nutella).  I'm guessing it was the mustard that caused the sweet flavor - taking that off might improve the whole thing greatly - but it was also soggy by the time I got home.  

Major points for the modern age Coke machine (with a gajillion flavor combinations) but that's not enough to woo me.  It's a good idea to steam your meats and cheeses, I imagine that does change the flavor profile a bit, but not enough to charge me ten bucks for a soggy / sweet footlong.  I might be back, but mostly for the freakin' cool soda machine.

Until they can be beaten, Jersey Mikes still takes the pickle for one of the best sandwich franchises ever.
I'm VERY glad this place opened up around this intersection.  To be completely honest, this intersection in Chandler/Gilbert is the least attractive to me as an eater/foodie... I've tried EVERY eating place at this intersection and the few we ever return to (though not lately since I prefer to just cook my own foodie obsessions at home) are not even anything special.

Having said that, I have eaten here maybe 2 or 3 times already (during the weekend, when momma doesn't feel like cooking so much) and I REALLY love their Italian sandwich... like, I've craved it very often since having it the first time.  It is warm/toasted, plenty of Italian meats (though I do suggest if you don't like the sweetness of their honey ham, you can have them add less and more of another italian meat.. which they gladly do).. and I love biting in to the crispy yet soft bread and getting melted mayo and italian meat juice all over my face :P  It is the stuff of cravings for me.

The staff here is friendly, chipper, nice... they have a bajillion soda selections (though I don't drink soda.. haven't for years...) and you can donate a bit of your bill to the local Fire Station.

I definitely return here.
There are all sorts of sub places. For hot subs, I prefer Firehouse by far. Maybe it is because they steam their sandwiches.  I really love most of their subs.
I will have to go back and perhaps try a hook and ladder. I went for the first time and ordered the meatball. On the board it says that it includes Italian sausage but there was none on my sandwich. The service was good but I'm not convinced it was worth the price.
Great subs! They are made well. Came in in Father's Day and it was buy one, get one! The staff is pretty friendly too.
Love this place! Only been once but everyone was extremely friendly and the food was delicious. The meat is fresh and you get tons of it on your sub. Lots of options and they seem to overstaff!
The map is wrong on this, it is just south of germann off of gilbert rd on the east side of gilbert rd.

The food is pretty damn tasty. The white chicken salad sandwich is good. Prices are reasonable and they have an awesome pop machine that has over 100 different sodas or something crazy like that.

The old man who works the register, at least during lunch the last 2 Thursdays I have gone, should be in a home. He is so over matched by the entire ordering process that it is painful. He has gotten my sandwich wrong both times even though I knew he was struggling and tried to even point to the menu to tell him what I wanted. Luckily they can remake the sandwiches quickly but I've seen multiple people turn their sandwiches back in, I'm guessing for the same reason.

If you own this place, PLEASE let that employee go or find him a new position, he is NOT able to handle the register. All 4 of the other employees made sure to welcome me when I walked in but he is the one that has to ring me up? When I brought my incorrect sandwich back and told them this was the 2nd week in a row he did the same thing, they laughed and said he is a good guy. I bet he is, just not a good register person.

I love the help the firemen angle and $ going back to their charities and all, but please hire a competent register worker.
This week we took our first trip to Firehouse Subs in Chandler.  The staff was very friendly and explained the menu to us since we were new.  Way to on the hiring!  We had the turkey, bacon ranch and the bbq beef brisket sandwiches.  Both were excellent but too much to eat for one person.  Next time we will go with the smaller sizes.  We took leftovers home to the kids so $20 bought two huge subs and a coke.  In the end it fed 4 which isn't too bad.  We will definitely be back.
Well unfortunately, I have been duped yet again....  yet again another BAD experience at this location when ordering more than (1) sandwich.  I just don't get it, if you're founded by firemen, I would think you would leave no ingredient behind or better yet, how about not leaving a sandwich behind.  But as always, when I call in and order something from this location something is always missing.  I can (somewhat) deal with an occasional missing ingredient request, but yesterday finally broke the camel's back when I had to return to the location to retrieve my sandwich that was M.I.A.  Now I know what you're saying, "well dumbass you should have checked your order" and I agree with you, I should have, however sometimes you may forget to check your order and think afterwards that, "hey, it's OK, I am paying for a service that should be complete" well unfortunately not at this location.  When I called about this missing sandwich, a very flamboyant person picked up the phone and says "OOooo JEeesstthhuuss, she forgot to give you the other bag, why don't you come back in and we'll make it right".  Well I go back to collect what is mine, and they had it ready right away for pickup, but what cracks me up even more is their attempt to make it right.  They had stapled 2 coupons on the bag and as I sit in my car, CHECKING my order and reading the coupons, I read that 1 is for a free sandwich combo and the other for a free cookie.... COOL!  or wait not COOL! They are EXPIRED!!  SERIOUSLY I was going to go back in and bring this to their attention, however, I finally just laughed it off and thought to myself...... you can't fix stupid.  One plus of me not returning to this location is that I won't have to hear (in a VERY flamboyant tone) "Welcome to the firehouse!!  HHHEEEEYYYYY!!"  Good riddance!
Not a sub fan, but their 'Hero' sub was pretty good!
I love Firehouse subs, the meatball sub is awesome but then again there hasn't been any sub that i havent liked. I always recommend that you round up your total so you can donate to the fire fighter fund.
Map is wrong, it's on the west side of the road. You have to repeat your order 4-5 times and there is only 1 soda machine that served 1 person at a time. Reason that's an issue is because this guy was filling up his 6 cups and took forever. And then when it's your turn you feel rushed because you don't want to be like that guy. Food is great though! Make sure to listen for your name, 2 other customers names were called out wrong.
The #10 is amazing!  Only sub I've tried from there, but why ruin a good thing right?! Frequently visit this place when I am craving a good brisket sandwich.
I work in this building, so it makes sense that I end up here a lot.    They do a light breakfast---  coffee, tea, breakfast sandwiches, fruit cups, croissants, and bagels.  (gotham bagels!)   I love coming here for a quick bite to eat in the mid morning.   

Lunch can be hit or miss, especially with their specials.  They serve a lot of sandwiches, soups, and simple pasta dishes.  Most entrees are between $7-8.  
This place loves bacon.  Loves it.  If there's a sliver of an opportunity that they can add bacon to something, you'll get it.  And a lot of it.

Their salads are an amazing value.  They're large and well crafted.  I always get the small size and it's plenty.... you'd have to be really hungry to finish the large.

I keep coming back for the staff.  They're friendly and always having a good time.
I have no clue how this place only has 3 stars. I come here at least 2 times a week for their $5 salads... and they're not just lettuce, tomato, and a sprinkle of cheese. They're loaded with toppings, that usually include a meat. Their sandwiches are also a good size, all for under $9 and they include a side like pasta salad or potato salad (not the usual bag of Lays). 
OH, and the staff are phenomenal. They have a punch card where if you buy ten meals your eleventh is free for up to $12, and they won't let you leave until you've spent all twelve of those dollars. Even if you don't want anything else right then, "well, take a cookie home for later". 

My only problem is that they're not open on Saturday or Sunday, and they don't do dinner. Sometimes I have a Friday night hankerin' for a BBQ ranch chicken salad, and I have to wait until Monday.
My new sub place. It just opened.  I wish they delivered. The bread is insanely good. The #3 Corned Beef and Pastrami with Provolone -New York Steamer is nuts good. Even the Italian, which is not usually my first choice is texturally perfect and full of complimentary flavors that hit you in succession. So good. And they have a Pininfarina designed Coca Cola machine. Quite literally, the Ferrari of Soda machines. Also got a meatball sub out of sheer curiosity. The BEST Meatball sub Ive had in my life.
I love sandwiches! I will pick them over almost any type of meal. This Firehouse subs is good. The staff was friendly and the sub was pretty good. It wasn't jam packed full of corned beef like you would get at a Jewish deli, but it was decent corned beef. They have the freestyle Coke machine and fresh brewed iced tea. I sampled a Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper and an Iced Tea. There is something so delicious about fountain Dr. Pepper! All in all pretty OK. It was 8.74 for a combo and I was satisfied when I left. They bring your sub to your table which is a nice perk.

I am a wuss so I didn't try the hot sauce collection but many were enjoying it!
This place is delicious! Their smokehouse brisket is so tender and yummy. If you havent tried this place, GO GO GO! :)
This place is ALWAYS good! It's a chain sub place but nothing at all like your average subway.  The staff I have to say is always super nice and friendly and that is always a plus in my book :)! They have a large selection of different subs on their menu but I tend to stick the the same thing the firehouse hero with 3 different meats and extra crack sauce which is their signature bbq sauce at the counter.  The whole sandwich is super fresh (from the bread, veggies, and meat) and doesn't have that "processed" taste like some other places that look like the ingrediants have been sitting out all day long. Who wants that?! and to add to it all, the awesome coke machine - gazillion combos of soda any way you want it. Sometimes the machine is on the fritz though and it's sometimes too sugary (like syrupy) but it's nice to have a fancy smancy machine.  The sub is always soo good you want to order a large order cause a regular seems too small. All the other selections look good as well and comes with a sliced pickle.  This chain is worth the visit!!
Try the 120 soda choice machine
I gave Capriotti's a 4 so I gotta give Firehouse a Five!

I had a big 12 inch Italian sub and what can I say but how you can taste the freshness!  Getting the 12" for the extra $2 also gives you much more meat and leftovers!

The staff here was super friendly asking if it was my first time and explaining the menu, bringing the food to my table and picking up when I was done.  Another bonus is the Coca Cola Freestyle machine which has over 100 varieties of soft drink.

I'll be back to try something different, I've heard the meatball sub makes Subway taste like fast food!
This is a great place to get a sandwich! The staff is very friendly and helpful. They always bring your order straight to your table. The cashier was knowledgable and explained the menu to me, and also the soda machine. It has 120 different combinations. The food was delicious. I ordered the beef brisket and cheddar, and it was the best sub sandwich I've had in a long time. Juicy, tender, the perfect amount of meat and cheese. Yummy! 
The shop has on the counter an entire array of hot sauces, rated on a scale of 1 - 10. I think that's neat. The restaurant was clean, bright and very open. All in all, a great lunch experience, and I'll definitely come back!
Getting my firehouse Hero fix ... With special sauce ... And you can buy sauce to take home I am a fan and the staff is efficient !!! i'm for sure a regular here ... Dukedom here I come :)
This Philly Cheesesteak is so damn good I didn't even finish it before rushing to the computer to type up a quick review.  I was extremely impressed by their collection of hot sauces, all rated 1-10 based on intensity.  Glad I finally stopped in to try the place after driving past it so many times...
As far as subs go, my family loves Firehouse!  

My husband and I are able to share the 12 inch sandwich - which saves us some money.  The meat served at Firehouse is excellent - some of the best in town.  The sandwich comes with a lot of meat and less veggies - unlike other places in town who skimp on the meat by overloading the sandwich with veggies.

We love the Italian sub!  My husband - who LOVES HIM SOME SUBS - says the Ham at Firehouse is cooked in a special way and has a perfect sweetness to it for ham.  

We also love the Kids Specials here.  Our little one gets a turkey sandwich and a Fire Hat - what else can you ask for!  As far as Kids Menu's goes, this is one of the best in town for a quickie eatery.  

The restaurant is new and very clean and the staff are very polite and helpful.  

We also love Capriotti's - but when the little kiddo is in tow - we pick Firehouse for their family friendly restaurant setting and excellent kids menu.
I finally got around to checking this place out today.  I'd heard alot of talk about it, but it's kind of out of my way.  With lots of other sub options more convenient to me, I'd been telling myself, "It's a sub sandwich... HOW much better could it really be??"  To my surprise, the answer is ALOT better!!  Upon entering, the dining area is extremely spacious and clean.  The staff greeted me promptly, asked if it was my first time visiting, and gave me a quick rundown of the menu and options.  When he mentioned all subs come toasted by default, I wasn't too impressed... with images of a toasted Subway sandwich flashing to mind... I could take it or leave it, but, in Subway's case, generally leave it.  Anyways, since is was Firehouse's default, I left it as toasted... and I'm so glad I did!  I don't know what they do differently here, but it wasn't the same sad attempt at toasting I was accustomed to - it was done to perfection.  I ordered the #4 Italian, and it came loaded with extremely flavorful meats.  I ordered the default toppings, which is referred to as "Fully Involved" - it was the perfect mix of veggies to add texture and flavor, but not drown out the flavors of the meats.  As for their default dressing that comes with it, it's superb and has a little kick with hints of horseradish or wasabi.  I will definitely go a little out of my way to come here next time I'm craving a sub sandwich!
Popped in at 8:54 P.M. 6/13, six minutes before close. I asked if I could get a quick one to go, the staff responded "sure, come on in". I've worked in restaurants and I know that at the end of the day as an employee, you are hoping nobody comes in so you can get out. The employees here were great. I didn't feel like an inconvenience at all. They cheerfully made my order smiling the entire time. The sub as usual was awesome. This is far and away my favorite submarine shop. Great staff and great food. If you haven't tried one yet, do yourself a favor.
I came here during a busy weekday where the whole place was literally packed and full. Since the place was completely packed during lunch, I got my order to go which didn't take too long to get my sandwich. I got the cheese steak sandwich which was absolutely amazing.  I can't remember when was the last time I had a decent steak sandwich. The whole firefighter theme was pretty cool and the fact that they have all these hot sauce labeled with a number indicating how spicy it is.
this place destroys Capriottis! the new york steamer is my favorite, and all their hot sauces are amazing
They take forever when you are in a hurry and then the order is wrong. Three times this happened at this location.  Capriottis is much better!!  The owner was yelling at the employees and obviously looked like a bully. I also heard the manager talk about other employees inappropriately. That is what probably made the food taste worse when you have to see managers and owners acting like that!
Yum!!! Yum!!! Yum!!! We're hooked on the Hook & Ladder! Did I say Yum?!
Pretty tasty sandwiches and much better then Subway. Great service, super polite employees. I knocked off a star because I thought it was a tad pricey
Great tasting sandwiches. The staff is wonderful. We love Sam and Diane - they make your visit very enjoyable. The store was busy at the time of our visit, but the sandwichs were fresh and tasty and were prepared in a very timely manner and of course with a friendly staff member delivering them to the table. Staff was also very attentive to cleaning up vacant tables and getting them ready for the next party.  Love the soft drink machine, great variety. 
Location was great. The physical suite is great with all the windows and very good parking. 
We will definitely be back to enjoy the experience again.
For a "franchise chain", Firehouse Subs makes an amazing sandwich.  A bit pricey, but very good.  Also, love, love, love the coke machines with 120 flavors!
Tried it for the first time. Flavor was good. But the price was too expensive for what we got.  They charge $2.00 more for a foot long with double the meat. There was barely anything on it!   If these are franchises, this one better keep their quality control up.
Food is always fresh and awesome.  The staff is always super nice and inviting.  Get the sweat and spicy meatball sub and thank me later.

I've been a faithful customer since the day they first opened.
Good bye Subway!! This place is awesome!! Very friendly staff, fresh bread, tasty sub!!! Two thumbs up I will be back!! If you have not had it make sure u stop in!!! Daniel welcomed me at the door and Justin even picked up my tray when I was done so I didn't have to take it to the trash.
The Turkey bacon ranch is heavenly! This is my first tube here, and I love it! Will definitely be back!
The New York sub was delicious!!!! And I loved that a pickle came with it.... The staff was very friendly and explained the menu since it was our first time there
Great place to eat if you like a warm sandwich for a change.  The environment is naturally lit up with sunlight, employees well cater to everyone. I love the arrangement of the condiments is up front, and to the right hand corner is the soda fountain, lots of seating in the establishments and it is a decent place to relax and have a meal during lunch time.
Great greeting with great food.This location is usually extremely busy during lunchtime. I love the modern coke machine.
Delicious subs definitely growing fast. Expanded their menu now including sandwiches as well served on whole wheat buns which is definetly a plus for maintaining good health. Very pleasant employees at every location ive been to. Place is quiet and homey. Not many choices for vegans though. Nice and simple & quick service is always a pleasure. We watched a bowling tournament on tv while we were eating which we enjoyed rather then watching something usual that's on every other tv in a business you walk into. Walking distance from our place in a convenient location. Also loved that the bathroom has a motion soap and papertowel which really helps control spreading germs. Definitely not the first or the last time. Ill always support firemen, my dad hopes I carry on the family legacy and become 4th generation!
New favorite sandwich shop. Friendly staff, and they've never gotten my order wrong. Also love the Coca-Cola Freestyle beverage dispenser, with more than 120 drink choices. By far the most sugar free beverage choices I've seen.
Great food and great service, my kids won't bother with a sandwich anywhere else now! The kids love the new soda machine with a bunch of flavor options. My kids love the meatball sub and I had a great turkey subthing or other... it was great, I need to go back to remember what sandwhich it was :)
Very friendly, pretty quick making our order, and the sandwiches were delicious to boot! Definitely recommend this location after our lunch experience today.
Way better than subway or port of subs in my opinion but that's probably because I hate ordering cold sandwiches since I could easily make it at home. Having a hot sandwich makes me feel a little better/less lazy lol. The ingredients taste fresher and I like that they now offer salads and smaller subs for under 500 calories. This location is really clean and it's nice of the workers to offer to take your basket when you're done. I also like their soda machine because it has soo many options and I also like that they offer a large range of hot sauces! My favorites are their smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket and their club on a sub. They offer catering and you can also order online :)
The Firemen need to put out a few fires of their own! 

Today everything was very disappointing. I ordered the Firehouse Steak & Cheese...with mayo and mustard on the side, not a hot mayo fan and I like dipping my mustard. 

The sandwich - meat, cheese, and veggies were completely tasteless. No unique flavor at all. The meat was full of grisle and nodules, very low quality meat you can tell. And honestly the photo on the wall showed a sandwich loaded with meat and cheese...not the case.

After a couple of bites, I went up to get some type of sauces to give the sandwich flavor. Decided against it...as the sauce bottles were all horribly dirty...crusted gummy old sauce stuck on the outside, inside and lid/knecks of more than 75% of the bottles. That's just really lazy standards as far as I'm concerned. 

Good luck Firehouse, probably won't be back!
This place opened recently and I couldn't wait to try it. I got the beef and cheddar brisket sandwich, and oh my it was delicious. The brisket was smoky and flavorful, and the combination of the melted cheddar and BBQ sauce put it over the edge. One of the top fast-casual sandwiches I've had. I looked at some of the other sandwiches they had and cannot wait to go back and try some new ones. I will be back... probably within the next week.
It just opened so it's very clean.  I'm not a big sub eater but my husband and son are so I went along and I must admit it was pretty darn good!  Had the pastramie, which if you are a pastramie  eater, that this is risky business in untried waters.  Nothing worse than tough stringy corned beef or pastramie.  This isn't.  It's wonderfully tender, warm and juicy.  Not to sure about putting lettuce and mayo on it (that's how it comes if you don't ask for different) but next time I will just tell them to leave it off.  My son told me I could do that. Thanks son. But I for sure will be going back.  It does seem a bit pricey but I guess everything is these days. Is $35.00 to much for 3 sandwhiches 3 soda's a 3 tiny bags of chips, maybe not.
I heard from friend that this place is good. So since one opened near my house I decided to try it. I got the turkey bacon ranch. Very expensive the sandwich was not so great bland nothing special. So one day decided to try another sandwich. I went with the steak and cheese. The meat was luke warm the veggies were very cold. My friend also had the steak and cheese and had same problem cold. For as many employees the place has you would think the food would come out quick and the place was dead took 15min. I returned both of the cold subs and they made new one this time hot. For the price think I will stick to subway
We love Firehouse Subs! This particular location is new and hopefully the staff will become friendlier after the newness wheres off!

Food was awesome and made correctly. I love the steak and cheese, but hold the mustard ;) Each of our sandwiches were correct, we ordered four different ones.

There was no "Welcome to Firehouse" when entering the door, this was disappointing, since it always made you feel welcomed when you entered.Maybe a Sunday night isn't the best night to come in, but it was around 6:00 so they shouldn't of been wanting to close it up.

The place was very clean, but I do not like people sweeping when I am trying to eat my dinner. I know call me CRAZY but I really do believe that NO ESTABLISHMENT should sweep when people are at a table eating. Dust goes everywhere even if you can't see it.

There was only 1 other family in there, very quiet. I found that odd compared to other Firehouse Subs, but being that they are new, I hope that will change. 

Love the soda machine with all the options available!

My other problem is the cost. It's now over $8.00 for a combo, which I believe is very high. I can eat at a sit down restaurant and pay less than $35.00 and still have a quick but nice meal.
What is there not to like about this place?  I love the decor and the food has been great.  Of course my years as a firefighter might cause me to have a slight biased towards Firehouse Subs.  In all honesty, this location did a great job, it was clean the food was good and we enjoyed it.  We'll be back and are looking forward to more opening up.
Great food and an extremely warm, inviting environment.
Loved this place from the very first brisket & cheddar sub and kept coming back...bacon turkey ranch is great.  Veggie is great...never had a bad experience.  Told people at work about the food here and now everyone orders their lunch here.
I really liked Firehouse! They served me to my first mind-blowing Italian sub. Firehouse gives discounts to active duty military and also to firemen/search and rescue. I left the 5th star unchecked simply because the price is a bit higher than normal Phoenix sub shops. I plan on going back monthly at the very least!
Do not visit this location.  Complete food violations.  A customer drive back to return a to go order stating there was an extra sandwich in the bag, the employee removed the sandwich and served it to another costumer.    Shut this place down.  I threw out my food and left
Great tasting subs that my whole family loved! Each of us thought for sure we had the best tasting sub! My only complaint is that there wasn't a huge selection of ingredients to top the sub with.  I always prefer spinach to lettuce on my subs, but that's a personal preference.  The service was outstanding! Very helpful and friendly staff.  Thanks! We'll be going there again for sure!
This was my first time at a Firehouse Subs restaurant and I loved it. The staff was super friendly, particularly the cashier Vicky who asked if we had ever been there, and then went on to explain the menu and options we had. Everyone else was nice too!

It was also very clean and the food was delicious. I got the sweet and spicy meatball sandwich and the cherry limeade and I was very happy with it all. Definitely check it out, the meat is a much higher quality than Subway, etc.
Do not visit this location. I ordered a sandwich to go, and when I arrive home and take the sandwich out of the bag it looks floppy and wet. I open the wrapper and the whole sandwich is completely soggy and falling apart and the tomatoes were squishy and old. I could not even eat half of it because it was just like mush bread and slimy meat. Never going there again.
This place is a joke the subs they give you are a child firehouse not worth the money don't bother
Gotta Love Firehouse!  The #10 smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket is to die for!  Love It!
Very Impressed! I was helping my daugher move and this is right by her new place so we ran in for a sandwhich. We got the italian sub with chips and a drink. The italian sub was fantastic. So flavorful and just the right amount of stuff on it, including a very flavorful italian sauce. The sandwhich was perfectly toasted and good sized. The drink fountain was fun! It actually was fun! You can pick the type of soda/tea, etc and add flavoring. I had a raspberry lemonade and then when I was leaving I filled it up with cherry coke. Ok, I felt like a little kid playing with the machine! The service was fast and friendly. The food excellent and the location perfect for my daughter's new place. I will be back for an awesome sub!
Love this place! Everything is so clean and the people are so nice. All the menu items look delicious, but I always order the number 8. I love that they donate to the local fire departments.
So not good that this is less than 2 minutes from my house! Really great sandwiches at fair prices. My favorite is the italian. I liked the meatball but I make better! They are always really fast with getting the sandwiches out and the people at the registers are all really nice. I love their soda machine. I feel like a kid in a candy store trying to pick my drink with all the fun buttons and options! Only complaint is they are not out and about cleaning the tables quickly. Twice I have asked for something to wipe one down to get a seat. No biggie, they are busy and I usually take it home anyways. I did go 3 times before they told me about the punch card as well but I have one now and will use it.
This location is very close to my house so it is super convenient. They have always been nice when you walk it there. I always get the same sandwich. The drink dispenser is one of those fancy ones where you have a touch screen where you choose the drink you want and then push a button. Lots more choices of beverages then normally.
I recently tried  firehouse subs....people were telling me how delicious the subs were...they kept going on and on about how soft their bread was...so I must say....the rumors were true to the fullest....absolutely a must have....delicious in everyway...I can't wait to go back...Ummmm
Great subs and a soda machine with every flavor. I wish the staff was more friendly. I've been here twice now and no one greets me or even says hi. Two people were just standing around while we waited for someone to take our order. We were the only ones in line. Love fire house and always round up. Pick it up east mesa!
Well, let me get the obvious out of the way: this is a sandwich shop inside a gas station. Yeah, that seems kinda shady, but don't be so quick to dismiss Roy's! 
The bread is good (it comes from Great Buns - yay for delicious and double yay for supporting a local bakery!). The meat and cheese are good, although they pretty much just have the usuals (ham, salami, turkey, roast beef, tuna, I think). 
There's a good selection of veggie toppings. 
The sandwiches are fresh made as you order. 
There's an excellent selection of fountain drinks (duh). 
Service is friendly and quick.
Prices are awesome! $4.99 for a sandwich, bag of chips, and a drink.
There is a small seating area inside if you need a break, but it's probably much more enjoyable to eat at home. 
Overall, I wouldn't go out of my way to visit Roy's, but it's definitely a solid sandwich option if you're in the area.
The best around can't beat the prices,  friendly service, very clean, I go by whenever possible! If you want a sandwich or a snack, gas or even a car wash, go by,  they even have crushed ice for soft drinks!
As a "Regular" here !(Between 6a-2p M-F)  I am ADDICTED to their Awesome deli sandwiches that Crystal or Beth make for me  just about everyday !! They even heat the bacon up for ya !!  Everybody is so friendly there. It's a great place to start your day....
Firehouse Subs really puts out the fire at all other sub/sandwich joints (haha!). I love the concept and the decor ain't shabby either. The staff strikes the perfect balance between a grab-n-go joint and a sit-down place. If you dine-in, they will bring your subs to your tabl, and then pick up the empty trays once you are finished. 

The menu isn't so large as to be overwhelming, and the prices are comparable to typical sub/sandwich places ($5ish for a sandwich and $8ish for a meal w/ drink and chips).  Although there were quite a few sandwiches that I wanted to try on the menu, I ended up going with the smokehouse beef + cheddar.

The sandwich was served up piping hot with no veggies (just the way I like it!)...just super tender beef sandwiched between some melted cheddar cheese and doused with BBQ sauce. Delish. Perfect for a post-distillery tour meal. :9

If Firehouse was any closer to my apartment, I would be there everyday.
It was a good sandwich and I would certainly stop in again and try another.
Very clean, orderly.  Nice, super-friendly staff.  Have not eaten the carry-out sub yet so will finish this review when i get home.

Well, the food was so good I've gone back a second time and was greeted by name.  Unequivocally, superior product and service.  I definitely would recommend this Firehouse Subs.

This place is ideally situated with respect to proximate housing density and mean discretionary income.  It should do very well.  Hurry in before it gets too popular!!
Madison isn't exactly lacking for sub shops, so if you're going to open one, it's best to be on top of your game. I appreciate that this was started by firefighters, and they sell large empty pickle buckets for $2 a pop, the proceeds of which go to a firefighters' relief fund. The buckets are great for storing toys, foods, etc. The store is clean and hygienic, and the employees are friendly and quick. This, however, is where my accolades for the place end.

I ordered a Firehouse Hero, which has "Premium roast beef, smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and melted provolone." It is served "fully-loaded" by default, which includes mayo, deli mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a kosher dill pickle on the side. I opted for their wheat bread, and told them to hold the onion (raw onions are too strong for me) and the mayo (I find the extra calorie/fat wallop unnecessary). It took longer than it does at my usual place (Milio's), but that is probably because they do toast the contents so that the cheese will melt. They didn't seem to have any other toppings available, so (unlike even a Subway franchise) loading up a sub with filling veggies isn't possible. I ordered the sandwich to go, as I had one brief errand to run before heading home. The time between being handed the sandwich and getting home was less than 20 minutes, and I was starving (first meal of the day at 2 p.m.), so I expected it to taste great. What I got was definitely underwhelming. The pickle, which they rolled into a piece of paper and then rolled into the entire sub, had leaked pickle juice all over the sandwich. I love the flavor of pickles, but it had drenched the bread, which was now soggy and falling apart. The meats and toppings were all there, but the entire experience was underwhelming. Good bread is the key to a great sub, and this was bland and mushy. I don't see myself returning, despite its close proximity to my apartment.
I was hoping for a kick @$$ sandwich - I got what might be a step above subway but they don't even bake their own bread (subway does). I'll stick with jimmy johns or keep looking.
I got the beef brisket it looked really good the bread was good the sauce was good the cheese was good but the brisket was smashed and tasteless. They have the coke freestyle I tried the cherry limeade it was very bland I tried two or three other drinks and they all tasted kind of off and not very Good.
I pass Firehouse Subs several times a week and finally decided to stop in to try... Well it was well worth it.  The 'Steamer' sub I ordered was AWESOME!  

I compare to a Quiznos in style but much better quality in my opinion.  The bread is fantastic.  And it is always great to see a big Saturday crowd looking to be in full enjoyment.

The place is clean, comfortable, smells incredible, and the people I interacted with were very friendly and happy to have my business.  I will definitely be back and highly recommend to anyone looking for a great sandwich.  

I am withholding one star only because I have yet to try more of their sandwiches.
Bottom line - excellent sanwiches.

The store is big, clean, and the employees are super-friendly.  Today I had the meatball sub, which was pretty good.  So far my favorite is the pastrami and corned beef sandwich (Sooooooooo gooooooood)...  The steak/cheese is fantastic as well.  I look forward to trying other selections!

Subs here cost a little more than other places, but the quality is higher.  The 8" sub (in a combo) is plenty, even for a big guy like me.  

I'd rate at 5-stars if it were a better deal ($9 is more than I prefer to pay for lunch) OR if deals/coupons were availble (and not just on Saturday mornings).

Great subs, clean place, friendly staff.  Worth a stop!
My wife and I stopped here while we out doing errands. I've heard good things about their subs, so we thought we'd give it a try. I'd give it three-and-a-half stars if I could.

First, the good: the subs were great, on par with other higher-end sub shops in the area, and a step or two above Subway and Cousin's. My wife had the Hook and Ladder (turkey and Virginia Ham with the fixins) and said she loved it. I had a Steak and Cheese, and yeah, it was one of the better steak and cheese subs I've experienced outside of Philadelphia. The portions were generous too: an 8" standard sub (foot long is available for another $2), huge drink cups, and a bag of chips. The staff was very attentive, bringing out food right to our table and clearing it off as we finished.

However, the atmosphere here seemed odd. It started with the chorus of "Welcome to Firehouse!" that we experienced upon entering, which we soon realized the standard greeting for everybody. Since it was the lunch hour the greeting was a bit distracting while dining in. The manager was a nice guy, but it seemed like the rest of the staff was a bit forced in their exuberance and weren't really on board with the program. I don't blame 'em, because I can't say I was buying it, either. 

Also, their description of the steak and cheese on their menu comes with mayo and mustard. Really? I asked for without, because that just seemed straight-up sacrilegious to me. They also had a limited selection of veggie options, other than the run-of-the-mill veggie sub, which I believe is simply a bunch of greens and some slices of cheese. Pales in comparison to Which Wich, though.

Decor is predictably firehouse-based: lots of red and whites and firefighter decor on the walls. There's a mural depicting some firefighters putting out a blaze somewhere in Madison, with Bucky carrying a fire axe to help out. (Being new to the Madison area, I kept wondering if the building was really a local landmark?). A couple of big-screen TVs showing ESPN. Didn't see the hot sauce selection, though I wish I did.

Prices were on par with Which Wich and Gino's.

Next time we stop here I would suggest we take it to go and avoid to dining experience.

Pros: Great subs, generous portions, attentive staff

Cons: Odd atmosphere in dining area, limited meatless options, MAYO and MUSTARD on a cheesesteak?
I have stopped to eat here a few times with my family and also a few times by myself. Every time while walking through the doors, I was greeted with, "Hello, welcome to Firehouse Subs!" by several staff working behind the counter. I'm sure it is required for them to say it, but it is always refreshing when walking in. The subs are very tasty, restaurant is clean, and the firehouse decor is unique. My kid's favorite part about this place is the firefighter hat that they get. I rated 4 our of 5 because it can get pricey. about 6 bucks for a regular sub + 2 bucks for combo. Then the large sub is around $8 + $2 for the combo.
Tried the pulled pork sweet Thai chili sandwich with high expectations. I was very disappointed. The pork was super fatty and the Thai sauce very flavorless and greasy. The only shining light was the bread was delicious. Very soft and chewy. I haven't given up on Firehouse Subs yet. Just going to try something else.
Great subs, haven't had one I didn't care for here yet. The turkey bacon ranch is particularly tasty, always steamed to perfection and delicious. 

One key feature this place has to offer that I really appreciate is the hot sauce selection; they have a heat-scaled hot sauce rack with a wide variety of sauces, usually 20+ of them in there. 

I will say, however, these guys need to lay off the bizarre "team chants" that I'm sure are some kind of corporate-enforced idea, but good god. I just want to enjoy my food, is it really necessary for the entire staff to shout, "10-12, WELCOME TO FIREHOUSE!", every time someone enters the door? Bear in mind, during lunch time this is literally every couple minutes or so. 

Great food, but chill out guys, the chanting gets to be cringe-worthy and just weird.
Sandwiches were perfect!!  Great new location.  Love the firehouse steamed meat with cheese and selection of hot sauces.  Always a Saturday family afternoon favorite.
Get the steak and cheese sub with mushrooms
Great subs! Amazing place! We will go back!!
Wow,  two Firehouse Subs within about 2 miles on the same road!  Must be doing good!

a. Location - 4 star - located on the southeast corner of Horizon Ridge and Eastern, this place is very easy to get to and plenty of parking.  They are located next to some hopping retail stores so it is well placed and busy area which I like.

b.  Restaurant - 4 star - Plenty of places to sit down, much more than the one down the road.

c.  Service - 5 star - Fantastic.  From the sandwich assembler to the person taking the order, everyone is young, friendly, pro service and providing great service when they have young work place maturity.

d.  Food - 5 star - Really great subs.  
- Had the Hook and Ladder Sub, with Smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and melted Monterey Jack. This was great.
-Smokehouse Brisket and Cheddar -  choice beef brisket smoked melted cheddar, special sauces. This was a bit barren.
- Special Hawaiian Pork on Roll - Teriyaki pork special. the port was awesome and the bread really great.

-  Fully Involved is the way they do sandwiches and it means Loaded complete with mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion and a dill spear on the side.

e.  Prices without drink and chips is under 6.00 and with under 9.00.  Overall very good.

f.  Drinks - 5 star - They have one of those choose your drink vending machines that has so many choices. These are great!
This place is amazing!! Great subs. New location. Yum.
I have to say this is the best location on Eastern! The general manager rocks! He truly cares about his customers, staff and the store. The energy in the restaurant is great! Styran takes care of everyone in the location.

If you want a quick warn hearty lunch stop by, grab a number 4, the Italian. Also, there is state of the art coke machine, it has 100's of different flavors. The fresh brewed iced tea is the best I have ever tasted. There is a great assortment of chips, cookies and brownies as well. 

The parking is nice, there is always room to grab a good spot with no worries. Don't forget your bucket of pickles and to round the change up so you can donate. 

Be sure to take the survey on the bottom of the receipt so you are able to get a free 32 ounce drink. 

Be sure to recognize management!! They rock!!
Great place
This place is GREAT! Jessica is always so very pleasant as is everyone. The place is very clean. If you check out their website and sign up to get text messages you can really save some $$$$. That always makes my day.  And this month just happens to be Public Safety Awareness Month. So, Public...Be Safe!!! And Fireman are so so hot!!!   So are Policeman. OK and the food is good. Order up. Thank you and Good Night!
I am happy. It ALWAYS smells so good in here and Kayla welcomed me. I gotta say. I had one bad experience, I haven't seen that employee again and every experience since has been exceptional. 

The food has always been very good considering that in this strip mall alone there are like 6 other places to go including that nasty Sub place that has foot long nastiness..but I digress. 

Great sandwich, clean shop, friendly service!
Much better then Subway , IMO. The few times I have been here it hasn't been busy so hopefully they will stay in business. They seem to take longer then usual to make sandwiches but not too bad. This place is always clean and I am always greeted by all of the employees when I walk in. They have the high tech soda machines where you can add flavoring which is awesome. Two thumbs up from me!
Friendly employees, a great menu and yummy, fresh sandwiches!
I couldn't be more thrilled with the free birthday sub! Just show your license and the free sub of your choice awaits! 
I had a sandwich from the new lighter choices menu, the Siracha roast beef. So good, and spicy hot sauce hit the spot! Really tasty sandwich.
Love this place. Always a friendly employee there to take my order. They're kindness and   quality are hard to find these days. Kudos to this team for being awesome!
Me and my friend had the meatball sub before closing and both of us were sick like dogs for about a day and a half. Sad after I heard such good things about this place.
Great Service, and really delicious Food at this location, always clean and very good prompt service!
Tasty and filling delicious subs both of my girls ate every bit of their kid meal sub :)
Put more stuff on the sub, stingy bastards, great meat but meat and bread doesn't make the cheesestake take a note from brother cappriotti and put substinance on tha sandwich or don't call it a cheesestake!
With three Subways within a two-mile radius, a Firehouse Subs is a nice departure. The Southwest sucks when it comes to dining selection/variety, so I was pleasantly surprised to see a new FS. This location is only 3 days old and already the place was abuzz with people sitting in and ordering take-out. Staff was eager and enthusiastic, which is always nice to see. I ordered a medium (8 inch) Hook & Ladder Sub, which is basically a turkey breast/ham sub on wheat for $5.79; pricing is reasonable for what you get. Man, this sandwich was filling! They definitely pack on the meat and even ask if you want to double up on more meat. WHAAA? No thanks :) Anyways, my sub was tasty as hell, the place was huge (lots of tables), staff is extremely nice, prices aren't outlandish, and the menu is pretty vast in selection. I'll definitely be back.
I've had the opportunity to try this Firehouse Subs location twice and was definitely impressed the first time, and just slightly less impressed during my second visit.  I have fallen in love with their Firehouse Hero, but I make a few little changes.  Both times I have ordered this sandwich online and it was PERFECT.  Tonight I ordered a sandwich in person and the girl taking my order LITERALLY had to ask me to repeat EVERYTHING for my order....and it came out wrong.  It wasn't drastically wrong, so I didn't call to complain after I got home, but I will stick to placing orders online from now on.  Less trouble and they seem to pay more attention.  

The inside of the store is clean and they have an awesome Coke fountain machine that lets you customize just about anything you want to drink - a HUGE plus, but I still go to Sonic (across the street!) for my drinks.  The other reason for the missing star?  The artwork depicting a LVFD fireman turning the hose full blast on a coyote chasing a rabbit.  Not sure that they want to be condoning cruelty to animals, especially by a firefighter!
This is yet another sandwich shop in the Southwest area - with Subway, Jersey Mikes, and Capriotti's within a close distance to this store. This is my first time going to a Firehouse Subs and I was really impressed with the sandwiches. The store is  fairly large and very clean with a lot of seating. As you enter, you are immediately greeted by the staff with a "Welcome to Firehouse." The sandwich selection is pretty extensive with just about everything you could possibly want. I think they specialize in hot sandwiches as most of the sandwiches are done this way - which differentiates Firehouse from many of the other sandwich shops. I settled on getting the Firehouse Hero sub - Premium roast beef, smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and melted provolone. It was a good sandwich and I got it with the combo (chips and a drink). The soda machine is pretty cool as well with your opportunity to customize your soda as you want. They also have an extensive selection of hot sauces for your tasting pleasure. I tried the Firehouse hot sauce which is actually quite good and goes well with the sandwich. I'm sure I will be trying out a few more of their sandwiches in the future.
We visited the Warm Spring location today, and our first time visit to Firehouse sub was very dissatisfying and unpleasant. We order a carry out order and found a long strand of hair embedded inside between the meat and the bread, which was awfully disgusting. We have to spend extra time in driving back to the location for an explanation from the store manager name Stephen. We spoke to Stephen regarding our order and he did not try to solve this issue and simply tell an associate to make us another sub (the SAME ASSOCIATE who probably DROPPED  LONG CURLY HAIR in our sub in the first place!!). We felt unwelcome for showing him our issue on the order, His reaction showed that it has happened before and he was not surprise at all. We did not receive a formal apology from him or his associates. He was giving us bad attitudes and facial expressions, it was very disrespectful. We expect a store manager to be properly train to handle and resolve issues, but his actions showed that he does not care for his customers or opinions in improving food hygiene for this store location.  I believe his overall customer service was extremely dissatisfying. Our only reason for going back to the store was to receive an apology and explanation, not simply remaking our original order. He did not take the time to look at the sub and try to hide his mistake. At the end, we refuse his offer and got a refund. Before this first time visit, we heard great reviews and recommendations about Firehouse Sub; therefore, we did look forward to eat a high quality sub at Firehouse. However, we did not see any of the "great reviews" from our first visit. It was a great disappoint!
I ordered a chicken salad sandwich.  After I got home, I opened my sandwich and was given some kind of sliced chicken breast sandwich.  You can't really see them making it like Subway due to the high counters.  It was too late for me to return to have it replaced, but it was a complete waste of money!  I didn't eat it and threw it away, then had to go back out to get something else to eat.  I don't understand the incompetency and miscommunication.  I know that the location is new, but I would have rather been asked for the order again if clarification is needed.
Love this place! Italian is the best I have ever had.
Yes, only 2 stars ... why? I was craving Firehouse Subs. I had been to the Rainbow location before - and well, not just for the cool soda machine, but my sandwich was excellent - service was excellent. OK ... so, back to this BRAND NEW Durango location: sandwich - very good. staff - very good and accommodating with our special request. HOWEVER, this store is DIRTY! Maybe it was the end of the night, maybe a little of the dirt and crumbs were because of that, but there was a lot that was old. Also, on the table that holds the napkins and silverware - there was a bucket with wet towels, soaking in a cleaning solution - just sitting out in a service area.

Firehouse Subs is also known for their selection of hot sauces. They had a huge selection, including their signature sauce. Every bottle I opened to try had a crusty, dried up ring around the pour area. In otherwords, they never wipe down these bottles. Discusting.

Lastly, I had not noticed the mural on the wall until I read the previous review. This is VERY disturbing! I wish I had taken a picture of it. It is a yellow Clark County Fire Truck - a fireman holding a hose, and - wait for it ... water coming out at full force at a fox. The poor fox's body was bent in half from the force of the water! I am sure it was meant to be fun, however (and this is coming from someone who does not get easily offended), this was straight up cruelty.

Would I go back to Firehouse, sure .... would I go back to this one - no.
A sandwich chain "founded by firemen" has many locations around the valley, with this one located in the southwest residential area. It is a quick drive from neighboring housing developments for a quick hot or cold sandwich, but it does not taste like a typical sandwich.

I ordered the BBQ brisket & cheddar sandwich on a white bun; wheat buns are also available. For an extra $2, you can get a drink and chips. The sandwich was well toasted, with the brisket soft and flavorful. It is more of a fast food sandwich shop, but not like Subway. When you place your order, the cashier will take down your name and call it out when it is ready, bringing it to your table if you are eating in. It is decorated with all sorts of firefighter related memorabilia, giving the place is comfy feel.

I'd recommend this place for any time of day because they have breakfast sandwiches as well. If you order a large sandwich, you'll have leftovers for your next meal!
Classic sandwiches done right. 

The subs here are insanely good. Really. They're not especially creative, they're just done exceptionally well. My wife loves their veggie like she's never loved a fast food sandwich before. It's insane! 

The best part is how when you order a sandwich they tell you every single thing on the sandwich so you can add/delete items. And they have those coca-cola freestyle machines that give you infinite flavors of soda! And they give your kids firemen hats. Also they have a variety of awesome hot-sauces available.

I love their food. This location is  a good one.
My favorite subs! Its all fresh and whats stands out is that they steam the subs which make them delicious!
I rolled in here close to closing time last night. The chairs were up on the tables, a few people looked like they were doing closing cleaning stuff, I expected some dirty looks but they happily stopped what they were doing to wash their hands and make my sandwich.....Brisket and Cheddar. Smoky, gooey and delicious as usual. This is really the only chain sandwich place that I go to by choice. Subway is more of a time or calorie saving neccesity. I actually crave this sandwich. Fair price.
Hearty fulfilling sandwiches.  Must try the Chili and the different hot sauce flavors.  Steve  has great customer service.  Will definitely come back.
The taste is great and gives subway and Quiznos some competition. It is a little pricey but worth it if you come with a big appetite.
I had a feeling since the moment we parked to not go in but my love insisted to go here! 

I wanted to go to Teriyaki Madness because it's one of my favorite lunch spots in the southwest. 

We go in and greeted by sandwich makers with this tone in their voice that sounded like they've been slaving away for hours. 
Asking us how we are doing but facing the chip rack is a little strange. At least make eye contact, what if I was a celebrity or something!! Jk


Our order came up, we ended up getting over charged for an extra sandwich. It was annoying and we didn't realize it until we were waiting that we just paid $25. We could have a nice 2 for $20 at chilis for that...

Anyway, they came out with the right sandwich and out change for the refund but it was just really bad quality for the amount of time and (lack of) effort put into the food. 
The quality was just not there. I was considering going to glaziers and getting my lunch meat special (1/2 lb meat&1/2 lb cheese) which would come out cheaper than a meal here 


Might be back if there's nothing in the area that suits my appetite.
It was my first time to any firehouse sub. As soon as I got to the register I told the cashier this and she recommended a couple sandwiches. I let her known don't eat any pork products and she suggested a veggie sandwich or anything I could do to my sandwiches. I choose to have the New York pastrami steamer. It was delicious. 
Good customer service and a good product. I'll be back :)
Its one of those days that im working(hardly) driving around waiting for people and I get hungry...x(
As I was asking my stomach what it wants and also being careful not to consume anything salty due to hereditary blood pressure problems, I come across this joint....again.
Then my taste buds took over and forgot everything else besides salivating over and devouring the Smoked House Beef and Cheddar Brisket. I then Grabbed!! the 100% Pain sauce and started attacking this sandwich. As I was murdering it, I remember telling my self "man! this is a good way to fill the void" and at the same time the 100%pain sauce was making all my mucus membrane come out places where I never knew it could. 
I'm sure theres lots of other sandwiches thats good but everyone should atleast try the 100%pain sauce. After trying the sauce, ill guarantee youll be able to handle any other spicy food out there. 
Till we meet again brisket!
With only 2 other people in the store I would expect my order to be correct. They ask 20 questions about what you want on your sub, it's no wonder they got the order wrong.  Not coming back
Smith's Deli is very close to our new flat, and I have to say we were very grateful to have Smith's just round the corner when we were doing the flat up and has no kitchen.  They sell lovely soup, normally lentil and another 'special' soup and of course numerous different sandwich fillings. 

They also sell bacon rolls, which I am told are excellent. My other half has one at least once a week, and we bought them for some friends who came to stay. They definitely enjoyed them.

If you are in the area and need some breakfast or lunch I would definitely recommend Smith's.
Reading Mary S's review below, I could pretty much repeat it word for word! We moved in close to Smith's a couple of weeks ago, and it's been great - they made me a batch of much-needed coffees on our moving day, despite being in the middle of closing up, and we had delicious sandwiches the following day when our kitchen was too much of a muddle to cook. I'll definitely keep going there, it's a great wee place to have on your doorstep.
Thanks to the previous reviews i decided to stop and see what the fuss was all about!

Really good value - good coffee, bacon roll too

Coffee 1.85 for a Cappuccino and 1.50 for a bacon roll!  Really yummy too, will be stopping here more often now!
My not-so-secret, secret lunch spot might be the best deal in Madison!

The lunchbox special is an absolute must. $7.50 gets you one of LVD's enormous made-to-order sandwiches (including any of the numerous daily special sandwiches named for celebrities who have a birthday on the day of the special); a side salad; and choice of chips, cookie or soda. The deal is absurd.

You might avoid the coffee, but the fresh baked goods are top notch. Please read this review and never go to the Lakeview Deli so it can remain my little secret...
This place sucks. Really.

Because I'm always hungry and will officially be an attorney in 2 days, I'm going to call myself Hungry Attorney II.

I don't know if it's their reasonably-priced, god-awfully delicious sandwiches or the outrageously cheap, fresh breads for $1.75 (today's was a habanero cheese that easily blows away Stella's), but this really is a place no one should visit. Ever.

I'm pretty much copying the other reviewer, but stay away from this gem. Its deliciousness should continue to go unnoticed, so I can enjoy short lines and chat time with the bakers.

Awesomeness.
LOVE!
I'm surprised this spot isn't more popular. It is small, cute, and everything is homemade and de-licous. 

I happened in one afternoon and their special was a meatball sub. Now, this isn't my normally my jam, but it was a chilly afternoon and I was starving so I went for it. 

Seriously? Best meatball sub ever. The bread was amazing. The meatballs were tender and flavorful. The marinara was super fresh tasting. Add to all of this the fact that I had a delicious side salad and a super yummy cookie and they have themselves a return customer. 

I have been back a few times since then and other sandwiches have been equally delicious, with the salads being the only weak point, but I will give them a pass on that because the sandwiches are so huge that I rarely make it to the sides anyway. 

This is definitely a top notch lunch spot. Check it out!
Excellent and daily wide assortment of scratch-prepared pastries, salads and sandwiches. Very good coffee. Super friendly and helpful.
When I saw Lakeview only had five reviews I felt compelled to write one.  I eat here all the time. I don't get bored because they will make you anything as long as they have the ingredients on hand.  The soups are really good, the bakery is fantastic and staff are all straight up Ballers. The lunch box for seven and a half bucks is a super deal and will fill you up. Also, free samples!

Pro tip: Get there early on Wednesdays. Get the [meat]balls before they're gone.
The employees here are awesome! The food, even better! I especially love their breakfast sandwiches! The cookies and pastries are really good too. Try their Litebox lunch or the Lunchbox items. Comes with either a half sandwich or whole sandwich and a choice of many sides.
This place is on the first floor of the building I work in and is very convenient to go here since all I need to do is go down stairs. It is a little on the pricier side of comparable places but that is what you get for convenience. 
The smoothies are pretty good. Most lunch items are decent. I generally go here in the mornings to get a breakfast burro. I get the sausage burro with a spinach tortilla. Pretty good. Overall, if you don't mind the price I say give it a try.
Nice little Deli. Sandwich was really good and just the right size. Did have some trouble getting it as clerk rang up wrong sandwich so had to wait to get correct one. Also took a long time to get food. Was about 12:30 so busier but still not very quick. Prices are reasonable and lots of other stuff to buy. Kind of a mini convenience store. Staff friendly and helpful.  Odd location in office building with no exterior marking that it is there. Work in nearby building and another employee told me about it. Never would have seen it otherwise. Will definitely go back as it is close enough to walk, good food that is healthier than other options and priced fair.
After a second visit and again waiting over 15 minutes to get food (a burger) and when I finally asked it turns out sandwich was one of two I had watched be placed on back counter 10 minutes prior and ignored while taking additional orders. Place was busy at 1pm on a Friday and seemed understaffed. Food is excellent, prices fair and staff polite but unless you have lots if time to wait you might be disappointed. I will probably not be back unless coming with another group.
Dirty looking employees that wear sweat pants and can't be bothered to take care of their hair. Food is often times not as requested. Expensive, not the best quality. Good for convenience but I feel like I was ripped off every time I order from here.
Same subs offered at the other Firehouse Subs locations, except this one is still brand spanking new!

They have a lot of staff working, but most seems to still be working to get their sea leg. But they are all very friendly, and trained to greet guests cheerfully when one does walk in or leaves.  While I was waiting for my Firehouse Meatball sandwich, I noticed that I was the only customer there (2:50pm on a Wednesday). So the current guest to employee ratio is at least 1:11! (there might be more people working in the back that I didn't see).

Speed of sandwich prep was good, but not Jimmy John fast. To their defense, the ingredients were all cold of the sandwich I ordered at Jimmy John, and they have to make a hot meatball sandwich for me.  Once it was prepared my to go order was delivered to my table where I was drafting this review.

My sub was tasty, and the value is comparable to their sandwich-making competitors.  If I am in the area and in the mood for sandwiches, I would stop in again.

(Note: At previous location of Las Vegas Grille. Same parking lot as Swish Shabu Shabu)
My first time going to a Firehouse Subs,  :) I really liked it, they had a fancy shmancy new drink dispenser that has over 150 beverage options, which is pretty cool. the Steak and Cheese sub was great, i really liked the fun and happy atmosphere and the attentive service I received.
First time at Firehouse Subs! Have heard a lot about this place and was stoked to see they moved one into the shopping center nearby. Got 2 subs and a kids meal to go. Hook and ladder, NY Steamer (tragically named) and a kids meatball meal.
We didn't realize until after we left that they didn't give us the full kids meal. Sub and drink only, no treat as pictured. Oh well he didn't need the sugar anyhow so we gave them a pass.
The NY Steamer was good, not like the picture at all. Sort of a smashed down version about half the size of the picture but OK. Hook and Ladder was awesome.... until we found the very long black hair stuffed into the middle of the meaty goodness. Our eating froze and everyone began inspecting their food. Bleh. We ended up throwing the other half of the sandwich out. Called the store to tell them that they should think about some hair nets. Lady that answered just said thank you.... silence... No offer to replace, refund or anything. Sad =( Food was good but maybe not the cleanest place. Bummer.
Not really impressed for my first time I might try a different location and see if that was the issue.....I got their pulled pork sandwich on the Hawaiian bread I cant remember the name of it and it was really sweet bread with really sweet coleslaw and the pork could've balanced everything out but it was bland with no flavor and mushy great idea just not executed well ....my fianc said his was ok but he had a different sandwich
The subs are very good, we had the corned beef and pastrami and the ham sub. They are made with quality meat, and the amount of meat in the sandwich was good. 
The staff is helpful and friendly. 
The price is right and the place is clean. 
As a plus they have a big selection of hot sauces, rated from 1 thru 10, so that you may eat them with your chips or add to your sandwich. We tried the "100% Pain" and found out the name was right on. 
Will definitely come back.
Ordered the #1 combo in wheat bread! Really delicious, the more you chew the meat, the more you taste the flavor and cheese. Staff was informative. A bit pricey, but worth the $$$. Definitely coming back to this place.
Five stars for the food, but the service at the order/checkout was the worst I have encountered in several years.  Big-time attitude from the "manager" and another employee when I arrived for an order I placed at 11:06 a.m. for 11:45 a.m. pick-up.  When I tried to get my sandwiches, the two employees told me they "just got the order."  I was made to feel like I was causing them serious problems, but I just stood there dumbfounded.  Change the attitude ASAP or you are going to have a serious downturn in business!
I tried this place recently after going to subway for years. The turkey and the meatball are unreal and needless to say I'm probably not going back to subway after trying Firehouse. It's that good.
All other locations may share the same name, however this location makes their sandwiches with love!
I've known of Firehouse for a long time and I go once in a blue moon. I love the #5. It's the Turkey Bacon Ranch sandwich. The sub is high quality (better than Subway), but the staff here lacks enthusiasm. Their "welcome to Firehouse" greeting is weak and there is no eye contact. Besides that, when I walked in here no one even greeted me. I was really shocked. I'll go to Firehouse, but not this location again.
I went to Firehouse Subs several days ago. When I went to order my food I happen to ask the young man behind the cash register how is was doing. The young man replied "I have been sick the last few days." I told him I hope he gets to feeling better and ordered my food and sat down. A short time later the same young man walked to my table with my food and sat it down. As I started to eat I noticed that the food did not taste quite right, not bad just not right. 
It was at this point I could not help to think to myself "man I hope I don't get sick from the sick employee that just served me my food." I made it through about half of my sandwich and my appetite suddenly left me. I left the sandwich shop and did not think anything of it. 
Later that evening approximately 5 or 6 hours later my stomach began to hurt. As I looked back on my day I realized the only thing I had eaten in the day was at firehouse. As the night progressed I became very sick, vomiting, stomach cramps and you can only imagine what else. When I looked up the symptoms online the two things I found was food poisoning and the Norovirus. I have been horribly sick over the last several days. 
Is all I know is I walked into firehouse subs fine and several hours I was sick! 
If your sick stay home, don't serve people food. As soon as I heard the cashier say he was sick I should have walked out! NEVER AGAIN!
I went to Firehouse Subs not too terribly long ago.  Readers well know my affinity for sandwiches, and this place....

Oh, this place.

Really friendly service, nice, open area, and a lot of sandwich options.  But one of them really stuck out to me and called my name:

The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket.

Wow.  I rarely describe the standard sandwich as "savory", but this one was so full of flavor that I actually mourned its loss upon completion.  It was truly a sandwich that was so good, that nothing needed to be added or taken away.  And all of this, of course, came at a reasonable price.

They even had one of those Mega Coke dispensers.  The ones that have what feels like 100 different varieties of sodas in a single machine.  I went crazy and sampled a few unique drinks while I was there.  Orange Coke?  Not so bad.

While I will definitely return to this place, it may be hard pressed for me to try another sandwich after this one (unless someone can offer another  recommendation).

As for my recommendation?  The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket.  You're welcome, as you punch that ticket to "Sammich Heaven" (which is a real place, by the way, and is just like regular Heaven.  But with sammiches).
I had not been to a Schlotzsky's for years and years. I went today and had "The Original". WHERE'S THE BEEF?! I mean, this sandwich was really light on the meat. Actually, it was light on everything, most notably, the meat. Truthfully, it was mostly bread. Though the bread was good. Not at all what i had to come to expect from schlotzskys! Big disappointment. My friend had the pastrami with Swiss cheese on rye bread. Her sandwich had a reasonable amount of meat. I think this place recently opened though it looks pretty old and rundown on the inside. Old worn chairs, tables, trash cans, etc. The place does not appear clean and neat. Unfortunately the restaurant has that crappy fast food look and feel. From the dining room you can see cleaning supplies, broom, mop, located next to/below drink dispenser. I'd go to another Schlotzsky's, but not this one.
I've been here a few times. I recall the previous visits were much better! 
Of the 2 medium sandwiches I had (Angus roast beef & cheese and Angus pastrami reuben) I liked the reuben better. There was no mozzerella cheese on the roast beef as listed on the menu, and the beef wasn't very tasty. I like their weird muffaletta bread, or whatever it is, but the meat should be the STAR of the sandwich! 
A few tweaks to their ingredients, and they could have yummy sandwiches.
I came here last week for a sandwich promotion they were having and I had such a horrible experience here that I will never ever come back or offer this place my recommendation or support although I live across the street.

The staff was beyond rude and the way I was treated was absolutely unacceptable. I would call the manager and let him know, but I'm pretty sure it was the manager who deserves the brunt of this review for his extreme disrespect. 

When I walked in I mentioned that I was there for the special. I meant it more as a polite statement than a question. The woman at the counter got a huge attitude with me and made me feel really inferior pointing out that there were flyers all over the restaurant so of course they were having the special. Whatever, I could get past that. 

I waited for my sandwich and picked it up from a guy with braces behind the counter who looked like an ex-con. Awesome! I sat down on the other side of a wall to avoid his glare and eat in peace. 

Some regulars walked in and an older man came out to speak with them. They couldn't see me but I heard everything they said. He proceeded to tell them about some idiot girl who walked in asking if the special was today because she was too stupid to see all the signs. I almost spit out my sandwich in disgust and I felt really nauseous so I left immediately. This terrible experience totally killed the great mood I was in that morning. I will ever come back to this place to be treated like a second class citizen for absolutely no reason. Maybe they should get rid of the huge wall that separates the tables from the counter if they are going to talk trash about their customers.

Oh right! So you want to know about the actual food I came here for. I ordered the original. It was a greasy, squashed grilled cheese, more or less, with what seemed like a single slice of questionable deli meat on it. It was nowhere near the regular price of +$5 because it wasn't even worth the special price of $2.

Disgusting. Awful. Terrible. I have worse words for them that I won't include. Don't go.
Why did I even leave a review lol. I should have just checked yelp. You guys clearly suck and I'm not the only one saying it. Absolute terrible service!!! Great sandwiches, just not at this location. I waited at the counter for over 10mins with no one in there being served and the girl with red hair finally came out but she looked right at me, walked by me and completely  ignored me. When I said hello! Do you not greet customers and serve them here? She continued to pour her lemonade, looked me right in my face and said NO. I couldn't believe it so I turned to walk out and she yelled wait, have you been helped yet? I said no and I don't want our help and walked out. They are in need of some big time re staffing! Screw that place. They'll never get my money again.
Visited here for our first time and was disappointed. Had seen an ad in a magazine and looked on the internet to check it out. I really expected much much more. Sandwiches were just OK. In my opinion, nothing to brag about. What really turned us off was the filth in this place. EVERY table was sticky and had crumbs etc all over them. The floor needed some serious attention, as did the trash receptacle. It was not busy and there was sufficient help to tidy up. It's a shame because I think they
could make a "go" of it.
I'm not sure why all the bad reviews. I've been coming here for 8 years and every time I have excellent food as well as great customer service. The owner Dennis is always friendly. The bread is delicious. My favorites are the fiesta chicken and bbq chicken pizza. 

Try it yourself!
YUM. This sandwich shop is delicious. It could use a bit of cleaning up or even remodeling but always a great experience! Today during the drive-through, the guy was so nice to me and even offered me a cool beverage while I waited for my sandwiches to be prepared. THANK YOU NICE GUY at the window! We enjoyed our meal today. 

PS. Please tell the owner to renovate your sandwich shop. Lol
Looks like Archie's has moved from their location near Walmart to across the street from Mountainside Fitness.  The new location has a large amount of seating and looks like they can easily manage large parties of diners.

My favorite part is still the pickles they offer when you get seated.  Sandwiches are original, creative and well made.  The prices are on the high side, but I am always going to prefer a non-chain alternative to the chains such as Jason's deli etc.  

On a future visit I am going to try the Macaroni Salad as a side.  Fries were ok, potato salad was ok, but still looking for the amazing side dish.  Definitely great to have as many non-chain owned dining options in Surprise as we can get.
The manager (and/or owner) is a rude jerk.  We have been to this establishment on several occasions and very much enjoyed the service and food. They have tongue by the pound on the take-out menu only, so I would always get  1/2 pound of tongue and they would simply charge me the same price plus an extra dollar for a single slice of challah bread.  Fine.  On our 7th or 8th visit, the wacko manager intercepts our waitress and orders her to tell us that tongue is unavailable by the pound for dining in.  We respond by telling her we've ordered this several times in the past and are willing to pay an up-charge for the plate or whatever else the manager thinks is fair. He then comes to our table, repeats that he will not serve us tongue by the pound at any price.  By this time, the waitress delivered our coffee and ice tea. As we prepared to leave, I asked how much we owed for the drinks. He responded by saying: "Just get out!"
Mommy/daughter day. Went for haircuts nearby and my 10 year old decided to give Jewish deli a try. While we loved the food, the service was awful. Got the early bird special of a corned beef ruben (they split it in the kitchen for us) and I asked to add a bowl of soup (the early bird menu states it is $1.95 to add soup or salad). I asked if the matzo ball soup was available for that. Ended up being charged full price ($4.50) because the server didn't "understand" me. Shared the blintzes for dessert. Yum!
All the savory items needed seasoning, but in our area (many seniors) most places under salt. This was no exception. No problem, there is salt on the table. My 10 year old is now a covert to Matzo ball soup!
Our server ignored us most of the time. We sat with our menus closed in front of us for over 10 minutes. Our server only had 1 other table. I paid $2.50 for an iced tea that was never refilled. When our bill turned up wrong, it took me almost 10 minutes to get her attention as she never looked over to our table. Then she ARGUED with me about it. It was my first time there and I knew more about the menu than she did! Finally she said she would pay the difference out of her own pocket. That's a nice way of saying she didn't want to get caught making a mistake. I asked for the manager.
I am generally a really good tipper. I've been a server and/or server trainer for most of my life. When I got the bill, under tip I wrote, "get a different job".
I would eat there again, but not with that server or I'd get my food to go.
Yes I am a fan so far. Had a breakfast burrito here and it was really good it was bacon potato egg and cheese. The portion was filling the taste was delicious. I know it seems plain. But you can tell bacon was good quality. You had breakfast in every bite. You know what I mean you get a burrito and you don't get bacon until the end or it has two pieces of potato and all egg or even when the cheese is not evenly distributed. You so t get that with this burrito.  Now I understand it is a deli so I plan on trying deli style sandwiches in future. The menu is packed of goodies I don't even know what to start with. I will not forget to tell you about the fresh baked goods the have in their display. Please take a good look at that when you visit. There is a sweet for everyone. The staff is friendly I did pick up so I did not have opportunity to dine there. One day I will let you know how that goes. There are daily lunch specials so that's nice to know. Prices are a bit higher but from what I hear it is worth it. I believe in good quality and that's what happens with good stuff.  I say give Archies a chance I will be going again. Thanks Angela for introducing me to this fine establishment.
First of all we are so glad that you didn't go out of business, however had If i had not owned a computer and was nosey enough to search you out we would not have known where you moved too.

With that said same great food, people are very friendly,  prices, well, I had a HALF turkey sandwich, with the Mac salad, and hubby had pastrami with potato salad.  We both had water, and the check was $20 before tip.  For lunch, in this area that is still a bit pricey.  

We would come more often or order dessert if the prices where lower,
A friend recently went into Archie's new location and confirmed that my opinion about the same rude-jerk owner! She asked about making arrangements to have a group lunch there.  The owner interrupted her and said they are not interested in hosting groups there (and lost my friend's business).
Great vegetarian dishes; You can't go wrong with the veg hash. They have moved and expanded. Great outside seating and nice addition with the bar, menu extension and longer hours.
Because I can go here after work, have a drinky drink, watch some game, and not have to have a conversation with the closest drunkard.

Because I can go here on Sunday morning, on my bicycle (get those bike racks soon) and not have to dress up in my Sunday all get out best.

Because if I want a whoopie pie, carrot cake slice, brownie, red velvet cupcake, peach cobbler, and a bowl of rice pudding for my own house party, I don't have to buy more than what I need.

Because Archies is the kind of place, where you can just relax, eat, be happy and leave, and be home in a matter of minutes. It's just a great little place.
We split an talian Grinder $12.00. Good thing it was huge and delicious french fries are delicious too. Sat outside, music was fairly loud but nice experience. Definately coming back
Very pricey, Price for what you get this is Surprise not Manhattan. I get a little nervous spending 13 bucks on a sandwich! Unless it's high-end location.  
There's another New York style deli half a block away just as good but a 1/3 less price wise.
Glad to learn you moved to a new location as your old place was pretty shabby (i.e., worn-out seating, dirty floor covering, restrooms needed attention).  Now we understand why the last 3 times we ate the old place, the food was not as good as our previous visits...as you were focused on new location & hopefully a new chef/cooks.  The stuffing that came w/my husband's turkey dinner was like something Gordon Ramsey finds in those nasty dirty kitchens. Even his 2 bites & my one bite that I spit out, made us both sick within an hour.  But, your lox & bagel platter in the best!
I do recommend this place for their great breakfast dishes and gut busting sandwiches and I like the fact that it's not a chain restaurant like about 95% of the other eateries in Surprise.  

But I really do wish the breakfast cook knew how to cook an egg.  I have NEVER had a medium-well egg in this place.  (A med-well egg is flipped, unbroken yolk, yolk cooked to have a firm but wet-appearing center).  I hate it when the egg white is runny and the only way to get an eatable egg at Archies is to order a scrambled egg or a well done egg.  And my last complaint about Archies is that sometimes the waitresses can get a bit distracted which means the service suffers a bit.  Don't you just hate it when they never come back for a refill on your coffee?

Other than those two issues this is a good place to visit for a good (not great) breakfast.
Archie is now at a new location, they are located at a place that has gone through four other franchises in four years! Takes a lot of guts to make this move. I was never that impressed with them at their old location, this is why I have only been their a couple of times. But recently the wife and I had breakfast there. It was great! I had their bacon, egg, cheese , and bagel sandwich. Very good, going to have it again. Also shared the cinamon apple pancakes. I will never know why I always want to try this special pancakes when I just love the plains! But this was good anyway.  ,Make sure you're hungry, lot's of food, and great dessert.
Not the best latkes but mom's Kreplach soup and rice pudding were nummy. The server forgot my clam chowder, but I didn't remember till I got home. Other diners had super sized sandwiches so I told mom we should go back, split a sandwich, and then attack the carrot cake and lemon bars in the cold case. I do want to go back to give the knishes a try. Clean and very friendly service. The food came in good time and was hot and plentiful. I will definitely return.
Great food and Friendly service.  New location is great and easy access.   Sandwiches are huge and lots of meat.  So I get the half sandwich with is more than enough.  I recommend the turkey sandwich it's great.  I give this place a 5 stars because it's a great value for quality food.   Deserts are homemade and delicious!
I liked the other location better but I am glad they are still in existence.  I like that this is not a chain and this is definitely the place to get a good lox and bagel.
Very disappointing experience. Ordered a SoCo Manhattan and it was served with cheap bar whiskey instead of SoCo. Bartender said they were out of SoCo so they just substituted rotgut without telling me.

Our party of 4 waited a long time for our meal and then received our entres one person at a time with about 5 minutes in between each one. Went specifically for the Friday Fish Fry. The fish was mushy and greasy and the French fries were hard as a rock. 

The owner was there and never once came to ask how our meal was or to thank us for coming in. We're done with Archie's.
I use to go here all the time when they were at the old location on Litchfield and Bell and the food was spectacular. Since the move, the food quality and service has gone downhill. I honestly wouldn't recommend.
Very disappointed with the open faced roast beef. No seasoning whatsoever! Service was good and the coleslaw was tasty but won't be returning.
It wouldn't be fair to compare to Katz's, Carnegie or Stage deli in NYC....but for Surprise AZ, the corned beef and pastrami are pretty good.  

I ordered Corned beef and Pastrami at the counter to take home.  Service was soooo painfully slow, and waiting for the ticket to pay was even more painful. I had to ask for Challah and half sour pickles, because I didn't see any at the counter...I was told they were in the back.  Hmmmm?  If you want to sell something, people have to know you have it to sell.

With that being said, the meats were good. Sliced thin, very fresh and moist. Liked the pastrami better than the corned beef, but both were tasty. 

Coleslaw was very good, and I piled that on my challah bread, to make a sandwich.  Challah was delish.  Very eggy, soft and light on the inside.  They sliced it for me, a bit thick, next time I will ask for it sliced thinner.

Potato knish, I have to say, was good too....A little different outside than I am used to, but tasty as well.  Filled with lots of onion and creamy potatoes.  They also have meat and veggie knish's.

My favorite, the half sour pickle.  Hard to come by around here, and you have to ask for them, because they are not in the deli case.  As a pickle aficionado, I can attest to this being a very good half sour!

For tomorrow morning, I got a small amount of nova lox cream cheese for my bagel ( which I buy elsewhere), and gotta tell you, that is one heck of a good cream cheese. 

The restaurant is good sized and they have a nice shaded patio dining area too.  I don't know what the old place looked like, but this place is clean, large, lots of parking and was pretty crowded at lunch time on a Tuesday afternoon. 

Next time I go, I'm trying the potato salad and picking up some chive cream cheese....maybe a blintz or two.
Love it
Food was great! Fish fry and a pastrami. Delicious, fries potato salad and coleslaw yummy too. 

Why 3 stars? 

Owners of Archie's deli figure out your hours!!!! We came in a few minutes before 8pm tonight (a Friday) and as we sat down they turned off the open sign. The door and online and on yelp says the close at 10 on Fridays. We asked the server then he goes into a spiel about how usually he leaves work by 8 on Fridays. So we feel bad and rushed to hurry and leave now. As we're getting the check a couple comes in and is pissed that they are "closed" I don't blame her if you say you're closed at 10 closing two hours early isn't okay. Post a sign of new summer hours or something!!! Having worked in restaurants for way too long before I hated that last table of the night and waiting for them to leave so I could leave, so when I go out I never go to a restaurant within an hour of them closing because I hate dining with my server looming over me waiting for me to leave. So I will be back but only for a weekend lunch so I'm not being rushed out the door.
Archies is just ok. Their food is mediocre and microwaved. I wish some more effort would be put into the food and the service is uninviting, and rude at times. It is really a hit or miss place. I do really wish for some higher quality food because New York Flavor is a very short walk away and I can better food for cheaper over there. And it is very pricey so be warned.
Went for a quick lunch and sat at the bar. Toasted turkey Sandwich overwelming tasted like butter.  Also 2.50 for a club soda with no lime straight from the gun is a pet peeve of mine. On top of that I took three sips just to wash the butter taste from my mouth cause it was bad.  I can have a 18 dollar lunch anywhere and I think I will try somewhere else next time I'm in surprise
Breakfast was fine and economical.  I had the two egg special with Ham and an English muffin. Muffin was a little old dry.  It was fine but not easy to wrong.  Coffee was great but the creamer packs included some empties. Thought that was a miss but maybe it  too early to catch empties. We've been to Archie's about 5 times at both the old and new locations. It's always been a little better than OK.  We like to support local restaurants and Archie's kept us coming back. But whoa; after breakfast made a quick stop at their restrooms.  Men's room was not even close to clean with tissues in shoved  in all facilities and no paper towels or hand dryers and no hand soap. My partner reported an equally distressing condition in the Women's room also without hand cleaning facilities.  So the huge question we have is where do their food prep folks wash up after they visit the restroom?  Sadly we won't be going back.
Wow! I am wondering if we even went to the same place??! I have been here 2 times, each time was amazing. There are a lot of people working there yes, but I assume since they just opened they are training as many people as they can before ASU opens. The sandwiches are priced amazing $5 for a toasted sub. The bread is a chibaata hybrid that is chewy yet soft. The milkshakes are some of the best shakes I have ever had, hand scooped and the little cookies they put on top are a perfect combination. Speaking of cookies, the oatmeal chip cookies are soooo good! Come here for good sandwiches, amazeaballs shakes, and freshly baked cookies. You can't beat the prices!!!!
Ok "Steve"...I'm a little suspicious of one star reviews when it looks as if this person has just opened an account and has little to NO history of writing reviews.....

I am a fan of Potbelly - a regular stop when in D.C. For work, was excited when one popped up downtown and am elated there is one closer to the East side!

Picked up a to go order the other day, many employees, many are likely training and all had a FABULOUS attitude! 

Got home 20 minutes later and our sandwiches were warm and the bread was not compromised by the oil we asked to be added, chewy delicious bread, quality ingredients and amazing service - typical and expected of Potbelly! 

I will be frequenting this shop and picked up a catering menu for my company's lunches....

Whenever I see "questionable" reviews - it only feeds my fire to support businesses - so keep it coming "Steve" - potbelly will succeed -primarily because you don't want it to! ;)
So happy that this gem made it to Arizona! I stopped in on my way home to pick up lunch yesterday afternoon. There is a bit of construction going on on Rural but it didn't obstruct from turning into the lot they share with Starbucks. It'd been awhile, so I checked out the menu for a bit and decided to get the wreck and an oreo shake. I couldn't wait to get home and dig in. The sandwich isn't a footlong (maybe 6-8''?), but they jam so much tasty into it. And the shake was perfectly crafted - not too thick so I was able to enjoy immediately, but not too watery either.
Potbelly sandwiches, what a hype machine! After months of hearing about their "amazing" subs that supposedly make customers "salivate" at the mere thought of eating one its easy to say I was quite intrigued and excited to see that the location nearby my apartment had finally opened. Deciding to stop in for a quick bite before work, I was immediately hit with a good vibe. Decor is well done here. Everything fits the sandwich stop demeanor quite well. Simple menu. Simpler ordering. What could go wrong?

Needless to say things were going well at the start of my experience. It's obvious the store just opened though as the massive crowd of employees, probably being trained, were doing jobs meant for a team half the size. Not a bad thing per say, just an observation. 

I decided on getting "The Wreck," a sandwich with salami, roast beef, turkey, ham, and Swiss. An interesting ensemble of deli meats but sonically appetizing nonetheless. Whole grain bread, mayo, hot peppers, lettuce, onions, and tomato are My usual toppings and as such I had all of them put on the sandwich. I really appreciate them being upfront about caloric values of each item of the menu as well. 

Service was incredibly smooth. Probably the greatest part of my first Potbelly  experience and I definitely hand it to the management for getting a team that large to function cohesively. Also putting the potato salad in front of the cash register was a clever way to get suckers like me to add one to the order... God knows i couldn't resist.

Unfortunately, I wish I could say the food impressed me nearly as much as the service. First and foremost is the lackluster bread. While I appreciate the bread avoiding the oddly popular "air bread" motif places like subway serve, the taste just was not there. Dry, flaky, and dull. Not my cup of tea. The quantity of meat is average for a sandwich shop of this type. Just enough was placed on to assure myself that I wasn't being blatantly ripped off. I just wish the quality of the meat was any good. Before delving in, I pulled one piece of each meat to taste individually from the sandwich itself. Not much to say about it except that if I wanted Hillshire Farms caliber meat I'd make the sandwich myself. Strike two. The lettuce I received was reaching expiration as well. Many of the strands of lettuce had slightly brown edges and my god was there an immense amount of it. Without going into too much more detail I think it's safe to say the sandwich itself was really nothing to write home about. Incredibly average and sometimes subpar components? No thanks. Luckily my potato salad was tasty, but who cares? I came here for the sandwich. 

Probably wont be returning here. Potbelly gets three stars only decor and great service. The food however needs some work and since its a chain, I highly doubt the change will ever come. Thankfully I only spent about $7...
This was my first time to ever go to pot belly. The sandwich I ordered was "a wreck". The employees there are very nice and made ordering a breeze! The toppings I got were pickles, which are not sliced like they usually  are but sliced long and thin (which I think is better cause now I get some pickle in every bite), mayo, and lettuce. The sandwich tasted great and I'm glad we now have a toasted sandwich shop near the ASU area.
Yum yum yum! Their sandwiches are so good! Think of it like Subway/Quiznos style but WAAAAYYYY better! They even have huge pickles and awesome cookies to buy too! Totally will be back to try one of their shakes as I hear those are amazing too.
Tried the new location on rural and broadway. Service was fast and friendly. Ordered the roast beef and the Mediterranean chicken. Both were really good. Will definitely be going back again to try more.
Let's be clear, I have been going to the original location on Lincoln Avenue in Chicago since the early 90's.  I just ordered the roast beef, extra meat, with everything, no hot peppers and also extra mayo and mustard.  BBQ chips with a root beer.  It was made just how I remember it from years ago.  Just terrific!  Of course, I finished with an Oreo milk shake.  Great finish.  I cannot wait for Potbelly to open on the west side...
My friend Candace is always telling me how good is place is so we went here for lunch today. There was a lot of variety and for me that's a big deal. I got a grilled chicken and cheddar sandwich with bacon on white bread. It was good but I didn't think it was spectacular. If I would recommend this place over a Jimmy John's but I don think its on the level of Cheba Hut as far as toasted subs go. All in all it was good I would go again if I were in the area.
I love potbellys but for the price the sandwiches are small. Back in Chicago the potbelly sandwiches are bigger? Or at least I don't ever remember them being that small?!?
I had been waiting for this location to open for awhile to give it a try, including stopping several times before they were open thinking they were.

It seems like I got a bit ahead of myself on how good this might actually be. This isn't the super sandwich shop I was hoping for. It's more the Quiznos to Jimmy John's Subway. The comparison between JJ's and Potbelly is accurate as I feel they both want to present themselves as a more gourmet option to the Subway's and Silver Mines of the world, but really a just a new option on about the same level.

I had the italian sandwich here and while the meats are pretty tasty I didn't think there was much on their and it seemed greasy. The greasy feel was compounded by the fact that when I passed on mayo and mustard and opted for oil I got a sub drenched in it. I think with less oil the flavors of the meats would have come out more. I think the size of the sandwich was rather small as it was comparable in length to a Subway 6" just wider and more bread. I do have to say the bread was quite good.

I am willing to go back and give potbelly a second chance as the price was reasonable enough that it is worth another shot. Maybe something else will be a more favorable sub.
My 1st time to this new location. I'm a big fan of the Chicago locations, especially at Midway. 
I tried their newer chicken cheddar w/ bacon and didn't care for it. The chicken tastes processed. I have a turkey to take home and try though! 
I'll come back for the quick service and to give them a second shot.
Friendly service and a tasty sandwich.   But I don't think the value is there.   For over $5 for a 6 or 7 inch sub I'd like more stuff jammed in there.   I had the  Mediterranean and although good, there was too much bread.  I got the cookies too.  Again, very good, but not worth a buck and a quarter.
The food was very good, but small! We ordered for work over the phone and the employees were very helpful. When we went to pick it up, they had forgotten to put the cookies we ordered in the bag, so one of the guys drove it over to us and gave us a coupon for a free shake! He was super nice. However, back to the food...it reminded me a lot of Quiznos because they toast the sandwiches. Like I said, it was a tiny sandwich, which was a little disappointing. Luckily they are reasonably priced so you aren't getting ripped off, but I would have liked a larger sandwich. This place is good if you just need a bite to eat, but not if you are starving and looking for a big meal.
Personally, I don't believe anyone's review when they complain about prices at a cheap sandwich shop. It's a sandwich. It's under $10. What is there to complain about? Beats the hell out of a Subway. Blarg.
Delicious toasted subs, friendly employees, clean establishment. What Subway wishes it could be.
Visited Potbelly on a Saturday around 12:30PM.
Skip to the last paragraph for the short and sweet review.

I've seen this place a few times and finally had a good opportunity to stop in and grab a to-go order.  I like the name and figured it would be average (worst case), but hopefully I would be surprised.
This location shares a building space with Starbucks.   Although parking is a bit limited I found a space straight away.
I found the decor warm and inviting.  It smelled of toasted bread, a plus in my opinion.
After a short wait for two people ahead of me a very pleasant and friendly person, Ann I believe, took my order.
I ordered a tuna salad sub on multigrain bread as well as one of their signature sandwiches called "A Wreck" on their white bread.   I also substituted cheddar cheese on the wreck and no cheese on the tuna salad.  They toast their sandwiches, so into the toaster they went.  When they come out the other side you can ask to add your choice of condiments. I asked for lettuce, tomato and onion on both, with some Italian seasoning on the Wreck. 
I added some Zipps kettle chips (delicious chips made in Louisiana) and a sugar cookie.
My bill came to a total of $13 and change.  Most of the sandwich options are around $5.
I was in and out in under 10 minutes.
Arriving home I tried half of each sandwich along with the BBQ Zipps chips and found everything to be pretty good.  The bread toasted up nicely, leaving a crusty exterior.  Based on the price, I felt the sub had adequate amounts of ingredients.  There were options on the menu for extra meat and the like.  The sandwiches themselves were around 7 inches.

Although it was not mind blowing or life altering...I mean, it's a sandwich shop for Pete's sake!  The place was nice, clean and had a pleasant and friendly staff.  Service was quick and efficient.  The food was good.  Would I go back again? Yes.
Who copied who? Did Quizno come before Potbelly - these two chains are exactly the same, lousy. Potbelly says they slice their sandwiches fresh, but the dude (who annoyingly called me and every other guy "Boss') did not slice anything. He might have sliced it a week ago and then he just grabbed it and put in my sandwich. To top it off, the turkey is another low quality variety that is suitable for cow feed. Yeah, that's why the prices are so cheap - it was five bucks for the food and the turkey quality was masked because it looks like a wrap with alot of bread and toppings jammed inside. This is one time I was glad there wasn't alot of meat in my sandwich. College kids and construction workers will like this crap, but you ain't fooling the rest of the smart eaters in America, well maybe you are because of your snappy name and grand openings that require a PR agent, but never again for this guy. You also charge $3.50 for a tiny cup of soup. Bah Humbug.
Midwest gem finally comes to Arizona!

You can't go wrong with anything in their menu, but you have to try the hot peppers on the side.  They are fresh made and delicious as hell!  Plus you can buy a big jar of it if ya want.  I've tried a few different soups and they are all fresh, hot and delicious.  The broccoli and cheese is among the best I've tried.

I am addicted to THE WRECK, so good.  Meat is generous portions, fresh, and seasoned well.  Get bacon.  Extra bacon if you can.  It's really good here.  The Italian is also near perfection.  Load up on veggies here!.. Nice and fresh and tasty!

Nice ambience, plenty of seating options (tall tables, inside/outside, etc), and good customer service.  This is one of my favorite lunch spots.

TIP Get there at 1130 or earlier to beat the weekday lunch rush.  BACON!!!!!  MORE BACON!!!!!
Very bomb sandwich place choose this place over Jimmy John's and Subway. The milkshakes are great you can combine two flavors of your choosing and they're very tasty! I also love how they can toaster subs through toaster to make them toasty!
I stopped into Potbelly on a Saturday afternoon. The store is clean and the staff was friendly. They gave me a quick run down of the process since I had never been in before. I ordered a turkey sandwich and got mini cookies as well.

The process and the sandwich itself reminded me of Quiznos. They send it through the toaster and then you have your choice of cold toppings. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful and the bread was good too - nice crusty French bread.

Overall the sandwich was good but not a real knockout per se. Maybe I was expecting more since I had heard people raving about this place. If you like toasted subs, you'll like it. Would I go back? Sure. Would I go out of my way to go back? Not likely, especially if there was a Jimmy Johns closer.
Love the sandwiches here. Whole grain option available for those who don't eat straight up white bread like myself. The cheddar and chicken and mediterranean sandwiches are great and low on calories for how filling they are. The potatoe salad is to die for. (edit: I think it has been discontinued at this point though? sad face!)
A step above Jimmy Johns and 2x as good as Subway

The Wreck with everything is my Go-To order but their other options like the Pizza Sub is pretty decent as well.

Only wish is that they were a bit cheaper or offered a bigger portion
My friend recommended this place to me and hyped it up a great deal, so I was super excited to come here! I decided to order the "special" as in what they recommend I try. In this case, I got "The Wreck". How they made the sandwich was simple and clean, toasting the bread for a solid minute or so. After that they build the sandwich in front of you, it was well presented and made. Now onto the big part: The taste.

The sandwich itself was good, with the main ingredients being Salami, Roast Beef, Turkey, Ham, & Swiss Cheese. It was clean to eat and was warm due to coming straight out of the oven.

The main reason why i'm giving this place 3 stars is due to the simplicity and lack of ingredients. While the ingredients were good, it felt like I was eating meat on bread with melted cheese, not a well crafted and thought out sandwich with a multitude of complex and intricate flavors.

Overall, this place is much better than Quiznos, Subway, or Jimmy Johns. I plan on stopping by occasionally, but it won't be my go to place.
I'm partial to Potbelly because it was the first meal I had in my new place after a full weekend of hauling boxes and furniture. I guess you can say it holds a special place in my heart and it doesn't hurt that it's a five minute drive from my place. 

I've only had one thing here, the roast beef sandwich. As far as roast beef goes, theirs is solid-flavorful, never dry and it's one of their lower calorie options if you're into that. 

I like Potbelly because it's simple-sometimes I don't want to choose from 8 different types of bread and you'll never have to do that here. Their toppings are simple too-lettuce, tomato, hot/sweet peppers, onions, mustard, etc., but when the quality is there, things don't need to be complicated. 

I take off one star for the wait time. While the service is friendly, the wait for one sandwich, even when I take into account the toasting process, is just too long for me.

If you're looking for a good quality sandwich and don't want to make 50 different decisions to do it, Potbelly is your place!
Potbelly's are popping up more and more around the valley so I was destined to stop into one eventually 
Today was the day!
The girls that work at this location are all so very nice and helpful 
The decor is cute and very historical, a ton of it consists of ASU/Tempe/Phoenix information and landmarks... Fun to read or look and eat... 
The signs make it easy to navigate where to start your order and so forth...
The huge menu on the wall is very clear and thorough...
The sandwich options are pretty extensive 
Today I went for "The Wreck" and I dressed it with pretty much every topping except mustard... It consisted of Ham, Roast Beef, Salami, Turkey, and Swiss cheese! Also the sandwich was toasted, not sure if that is how each one is prepared but it was good and I didn't mind :)
I had my sanny with jalapeo chips and it was a very good lunch...
Glad I stopped in and I will return
I agree with everyone in saying that it is a better sandwich option compared to subway and Jimmy johns... Decent price too
This Potbelly location was clean, the service was great, and parking was tight. The sandwiches were OK - nothing spectacular. I think Quiznos is better. The prices were average - about $8.00 with tax for a sandwich and chips. Be sure to ask for mayo, mustard or oil, otherwise the sandwich will be dry.
Inexpensive sandwiches freshly prepared for you. The options are pretty basic, with your standard meats such as turkey and roast beef, with all the toppings you'd normally find in a sandwich (e.g., Onions, lettuce, tomato). They do have a nicely piquant spicy pepper topping, which packs a punch! Like others have mentioned, it's kind of like a step up from Jimmy John's, in that the ingredients are better, with bigger portions, but it's not a sandwich I'll necessarily crave.

One plus here is that they sell Zapp's chips, for those that want kettle cooked spicy goodness!
Dundas Street has a quite a few quirky and independent establishments to be found on its descent down the hill, and I think it's one of those streets that's well worth seeking out if you're a bit worn out by the bustle of the city centre, and you want to go somewhere slightly more tranquil. 

Glass & Thompson can be found here, for hiding away from the world purposes, and also for coffee, cake and other tasty food substances. The food here is a cut above your standard cafe fare, so expect an experience similar to eating in a really awesome deli or somewhere equally as selective with the prime food it offers. 

The menu is quite Mediterranean in nature, and everything on the menu seems to have a bit of a twist to it to make it slightly different, so you never feel like you're getting something very samey that another cafe could easily have replicated. The cakes are to be noted, for the only reason cakes should be noted, because they're awesome. It is slightly pricier than your average cafe here, but I think the food is of that quality that merits charging a few pounds more.
Great greeting followed by great service. Had 2 sandwiches, both tasted good. The place was clean, including the restrooms!
Third time there and everyone is extremely nice and friendly. I dig the sauces that this chain offers. The sandwiches at this location are great! A total repeat.
Ok went to jimmy johns and Firehouse subs to see who's tuna sandwich is better. (For my taste) I know your thinking who goes to firehouse for tuna? This guy does. Plus the lady working the counter was like "odd two people ordered tuna today."

They both cost about the same.

Ok first off lets go by how fast food came out. Jimmy johns wins. those dudes pump those things out like nobody's business. I pay, and boom sandwich in hand. Firehouse I had to wait a bit longer but still didn't take too long. 

Taste is a toss up. I preferred the actual tuna in the jimmy johns. It had more crunch from the veggies. Now firehouses one held up better because the bread is softer. I feel like my teeth are not sharp enough to bite thou jimmy johns bread sometimes. And when my teeth finally get thou delicious bread, it decides to leak white fluid that will smell and look like all sorts of body fluid.  (You take ur pick.... They all dry white....) 

It's hard to pick a winner because I want to say the flavor is better on the JJ, but I ate more of firehouses. Just because it was easier to eat . I don't want to go about my day smelling like tuna. I'm can't tell you why but i am leaning to jimmy johns don't know why. But still both are leaps and bounds better than subway. Time to go find a breath mint to wash down the shame that is this review. Do people even read these?
Tried the Sweet and Spicy meatball sub and it was DELICIOUS!!! I like the decorum in the place and they even brought my order to me instead of calling out my name (very nice). The menu looks tremendous, definitely going back for more.
New Location, Awesome Mural, Community Friendly, Awesome staff, Great Food and amazing variety of Hot Sauces.  A Must Try.
While I have not been in the store, I can review the catering service for this establishment.   I have now had the pleasure of experiencing the catering service two times that was provided from this same store.  It is head and shoulders above anything else I have experienced.    The first time IT was a wonderful dessert platter of brownies and a variety of cookies along with lemon-aid (which was wonderful) and tea.   WOW what a wonderful presentation and delivery service was top notch. 

The second experience was cold sub sandwich platter.  The sandwiches were fresh, filling was plentiful and tasted delicious!    The best part of it was you received a lot of fresh meat on it.  Not like Subway where you have to look for the meat.    

Thank you Firehouse for coming to Las Vegas and giving us a new choice in wonderful sandwiches!
OMG, talk about one of the perfect sandwiches!  My family and I usually stop in before the Rebel games and grab a bite to eat.  If you want a really good sandwich, stop in here.

Right when you walk in, "Welcome to Firehouse!" Oh, why thank you! Sure I'll order a sandwich.  Walk up and they are super friendly.  What you want is what you get.

 My order is always different from what is described, but is still really good.  I love the peppers in my sandwich. The melted cheese, with the warm, toasted bread. Goodness! Soo delicious.  Ratios are on.  After eating mine, I always want more.  My stomach says no, but my taste buds are telling me yes!
I literally came when they were closing and Brandon let me come in and had Medianna take my order. She was so nice and understanding.  John and Brandon were both there too helping make the sandwiches, and there was no rush like they were trying to hurry me out of there, they took their time as they would for any other customer. All three of them could not have 
given me a better service than they have. They made me feel so welcome and definitely made the environment comfortable. They seem like such great people, and I will definitely come back because of their service. Thank you guys !!
I have recently discovered Firehouse Subs, 
 And on my visits i have been met with some great outgoing people such as a young man that seemed to be a manager Brandon, and Really sweet sincere cashier Mariana, and a man named john that helped with my sandwiches. (this names could be wrong I'm just trying to remember). Anyhow along with the great service they have the BEST!!!! I MEAN BEST! ITALIAN SUB EVER. I love it i get it every time i come in and they always make me feel welcome while they make my sandwich which really makes the time it takes them to make it FLY BY!!! 
    SO in total 
1: GREAT SERVICE 
2: AMAZING FOOD
 and lets not forget the FREESTYLE soda machine really cool ill definitely be back and recommending this location to all my friends.......
Oh man this place is amazing! Everything on the sandwich is so fresh, and the bread is so freakin soft! Eat in or take away, best sandwich in town hands down.

They have one of those new fangled soda machines here, so you don't have to have soda! Woot, woot!

This location is a little small, but it is super clean and the staff is friendly, and they fix up a really delicious sami..

I eat half of the sandwich here and the other half at the library when I'm studying...

Yes, get your self in here!
Ordered the firehouse steak and cheese, the description says nothing about mushrooms! So I had to wait again to get a sandwich without mushrooms. By the time I got my food, my husband was done. The sandwiches were mediocre, but the service, awesome. We walked in, didn't pay attention to their hours, which apparently, was 5 minutes later. They didn't make us feel rushed at all! I don't plan on going back, but that wasn't because of the service in any way!
This store is north of the 215 off of Rainbow and has all of the snacks that I craved from my Europe trip at prices that are reasonable and affordable. (Delicjes are only 99 cents !)
The Euro market is a mini super market that carries European goods. They have a pretty good selection of items though they are quite small. 

I'm usually browsing the snack aisle when I come here but they also have a baked goods sections with baklava and other pastries that look great as well. 

They carry a good selection of cold meats and cheeses that I'll eventually try one day. 

I will keep coming back to visit these guys every time I get my nails done next door ^*^.
Great little store - although I don't know many of the european delicacies sold there I've liked everything i've tried.  Also GREAT deli sandwiches - great bread and loaded with delicious boar's head meat.
Great spot were glad we found it.  The sandwiches were tasty on good bread.  We love jams and jellies n we found a fig spread for only a couple dollars which is unheard of n theres no high fructose corn syrup in it!  Score.  Baklava was tasty too.
when I was so tired of the same trash food around, I found this awesome place, sandwiches are sooooooo delicious!!!, if you want to eat healthy this is the right place to go, beside they have so many different food that I never try before like cheeses and meats aaand my new favorites drinks, wines, etc.
Found this adorable Euro Market down the street from our house.  The prices are so reasonable here I can't believe my eyes. They have a cute seating area if you want to lunch.  My biggest thing is the quality meats & cheeses here,  they have boar's head I'm sold!  To top it off they have wifi while you wait. Ordered an Italian combo for $5. Some fine cheap eats.

 I can already see I may go here for most of our meats from here since it's 2 minutes away. If you call ahead they will have your order waiting for you. I was just checking out their website & they will do online orders as minimum purchase of $25.  WOW!

What really got me was it's a true European market, the vibes here make me feel at home. Even if they don't carry Portguese products, I'm still floored at the selection and wide varieties in such a seemingly small store. Great job.
Great coffee and great breakfast for under $5.!!! Stop by for breakfast or lunch, & restock your pantry at the same time. They have a really amazing selection of interesting foods from around the world, in a very unassuming location. Highly recommended!
I hit the deli and am so glad I did. The man working the counter was very friendly.
All the regular deli meats are Boar's Head and reasonably priced. All the meats and cheeses were good and sliced super thin. For me through the real treasure is the baked goods. A large Cheery Apple Strudel for $1.75. A Euro desert sampler for $2.49. A chocolate on chocolate brownie that was amazing for $2.49. My Aunt got Tiramisu that she said was fantastic for $2.99.
They had lots of other imported grocery item, but I had to get out of there before I spent anymore money. I'll be back for sure.
Oh and try the Hot Cappy.........
Jersey Mike's Subs are one those few sandwich places that I don't mind going to every so often. One of the main reasons why is that they only had 3 locations in the Vegas area. With this being the fourth one that just opened up only makes the percentages of me having a JM sandwich even higher.

This day I had a regular size "Big Kahuna" on wheat bread. It's a Philly Cheesesteak with Onions, Mushrooms, Peppers, and Jalapenos. It tasted how a Philly should taste like. The only thing I that kind of bothered me was that I wanted it with extra onions but when I got my sandwich, there was hardly any at all. Since I had time constraints for lunch and there was a long line, I just let it go. Hopefully next time they get it right.

Their cold sandwiches are also very good. If you are not sure what to get, I recommend the #9 Club Supreme. It has Roast Beef, Turkey, Swiss, Bacon, Mayo, and topped off with Mike's Way. What is Mike's Way you ask? Well on all the cold subs, if you want all the fixins' you say what cold sandwich you want and say you want it Mike's Way which is Onions, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Spices, and "The Juice" (red wine vinegar and olive oil blend).

Their location is one of many eating establishments all clustered together in front of the South Premium Outlet Shopping Mall and right next to Las Vegas Blvd on the east side.

Service is efficient for they have an assembly line style of sandwich making. I notice they have one person constantly making sure all the tables are nice and clean.

The only negatives that I can say are that the parking is limited especially during lunch and dinner rushes. They said they have free WiFi but is not set up yet. You think that would be ready when they first opened. 

Overall, I will definitely eat here as one of my many rotations in this area.
Pretty good sub. Regular size is a decent size sandwhich. Good enough for lunch. 

I ordered the Club Supreme. Turkey and roast beef with bacon. The bacon was crispy and that's a plus. Ordered it Mikes Way without tomato or onion. So it had lettuce, mayo, oil and vinegar, seasoning, and salt. I added pickle and banana peppers.
 
They put on a lot of oil and vinegar so beware if you aren't the biggest fan. They slice the meat and cheese when you order so that's nice. 

Overall it was a good sandwhich. Will probably come back.
Where's the meat? Just got a $12 sandwich that maybe had 25 cents worth of meat on it. Total ripoff, will never eat here again.
Make sure they listen to how you like your sub. My wife and I have never had a problem with the ones we have been to in the Dallas area. But this one screwed up both of our orders a little (not horribly bad), but it was apparent they didn't listen very well to how wanted our subs. The staff was very nice though.
This was my first time at Jersey Mike's and thought it was so good.  I got the philly cheese steak and it was made perfect.  The atmosphere and bread reminded me of Jimmy Johns so I was already in love with the place.  I'm looking forward to go back and try a different sandwich so I can accurately compare to other sub restaurants.  The workers were helpful and very nice.  I highly recommend trying out Jersey Mike's!!
I usually don't like subs thanks to subway.. But luckily my boss discovered this place because I absolutely love the sandwiches from here
Way better than Subway. Sandwiches are absolutely delicious, especially their classics. There's more toppings selections here as well as dressing selections than at Subway. They give military discounts, too!
I could seriously eat at Jersey Mike's daily. It's by far 1 of my favorite deli meat / sub places to eat in town. The staff are always so welcoming and friendly and the place is always so clean. The chicken Philly is incredible as is the turkey BLT. They alive the meat in front of you and always give you plenty. They don't short you like subway. If you want all the fixins, just ask for your sub "mike's way" and you are sure to have more than you can handle. The location of this jersey mike's is perfect right off Las Vegas blvd and by the outlets. The only drawback for this location is that the parking lots are often full and space is limited. But all in all, this is a great place to eat and I will be back again and again. Enjoy.
Jersey Mikes gets four stars from me ladies and gentlemen.  Stumbled on this place after Chipotle a block up the street had a line out the door. The staff at this location was great, they took their time and walked you through your options. Enjoyed the fresh cold cuts which are cut in front of you and the fresh sub roll.
Had a great experience here yesterday- the girl at the counter walked us through all of the options and made great suggestions. The sandwiches were delicious! Sad the Quiznos closed in this location but the customer service here couldn't be beat:) We will be back.
Friendly staff and exceptional service! Gave me extra cheese on my sandwich at no charge which makes me a huge fan!! I frequent the Jersey Mike's in San Diego and was visiting Las Vegas with a friend. She'd never been to any Jersey Mike's, so I thought I'd introduce her. She loved it as well; the only complaint is that they didn't have chips to her satisfaction... She's the PICKIEST eater in the UNIVERSE so don't even fret about that. If I ever need Jersey Mike's while I'm in Vegas again, I will definitely come back to this one!
Four stars for a chain!?  Well yes, if the staff is well trained, knowledgeable and friendly.  This was my first time entering a Jersey Mike's Subs, as far as I know we do not have one in the Bay Area.

I believe that the young man who helped me out told me his name was Javier.  If not, I will describe him.  He was young and attentive, possibly of Latin origin, and looked like he enjoyed sandwiches.  Now that final description was actually confirmed by "Javier" when he told me that he had started his work shift with the club sub.  He explained "Mikes Way" to me and made my first overall experience with this chain a pleasurable one.

I was especially pleased that one can order a mini version of the sandwiches.  For those times when one is hungry, but only enough for a sub-sub.

Ha Ha!  I said sub-sub!  Hilarious.
I don't know how good this Jersey Mikes is because it did not close at 10am as started on Yelp. It closed at 9pm....off to smash burger
They mixed up our order. They only have one pop machine, so u have to wait in a long line. N they are over priced. The bread became soggy. It's a nice establishment, but  Subway might be a better and safer choice.
not a lot of healthier items.
Good subs, no need to believe any negative reviews on this place! Try the turkey bacon ranch or the bbq brisket or pastrami. There are not many good places to eat in Santan Valley, but this is one of them!
Great subs, lots of meat, quick service.  This place is not over priced and makes a quality sub.  The soda machine that lets you choose your flavors is a nice touch.
My go to sub is the club sub. I find the flavors to be very good. I have them toast the bread twice and it gives it a nice crunch on the outside. The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is due to the service. I like to order online and then go to the store to pick it up. On 3 occasions now they have not started the order until I show up and ask for it. The 2nd time this happened I questioned them and they told me it is better to call in the order and avoid using the online system. It doesn't seem like good business to not be able to manage the online ordering system. Tonight it happened again, they did not start the order until I arrived and indicated I had an internet order. This prompted them to check their printer and grab the order. If they could somehow implement a system to manage online orders I would be happy to change to 4 stars.
Better than subway and jimmy johns. It's not exactly a fresh from the deli mom and pop sandwich shop, but it fills the void, tastier than Quiznos and Burger King, and very friendly staff. I've eaten at the san tan valley store and the Mesa one on power. Nothing but great things to say about the staff. The Mesa store handles large crowds very well during the lunch rush. The San Tan Valley store is quiet and clean and the food is good. All in all very good for what it is. Pricey food, but you get what ya pay for minus making a sub yourself. Definitely gonna be a repeat customer
In short: Meh. Just meh.

On a Sunday with only 3 people in the place it took about 20 minutes. I would not come here if I was in a hurry. Staff was blank-eyed teen boys so I didn't expect much in the way of service. 

I ordered the Hero - the meat had good flavor, and there was a good amount of it. In the center. As you get to each end it tapers down the just bread. The cheese had zero flavor. The meat seems like it's been steamed, and the bread got soggy as I was finishing. They got my request for no mayo right, but shorted me the included pickle. 

My girl ordered the Hook & Ladder Light - she received the regular version but thought it was good. 

I'll probably try it again, hopefully it's better since choices are limited out here.
We go here every Thursday night after softball and baseball practice.  It's the best place in the area, I think.  I have actually said "I could eat here 3 nights a week". But this last time we were there two things happened that made me question whether or not we will there this Thursday.  First, there was girl wiping things down.  That's great, but she used the same "rag" to wipe the soda machine, the counter, the trashes and the tables.  Ummm, why would you clean the trash lid with the same cloth you are going to wipe off the table with? GROSS.  this was while we were waiting for our sandwiches (I hope she changed her gloves).  After eating for a little bit, my husband grabbed the other half of our daughters sandwich and three bites in, he pulled a long dark hair out of his teeth and mouth.  GAGGING!!!   I have long hair and so does my daughter, but there is no way it was ours, especially three manly bites into the sandwich.  (there was a girl behind the counter with a long, dark ponytail)

Kinda grossed out for now.  Love the subs, just not happy with the extra yuck they gave us this last visit.

Hope they can look into this and fix it right away.
What is Americas fascination with mayo?  My first experience with this chain was at a different location and was nothing short of extreme health code violation.  After much convincing, I tried our local site.   I ordered the veggie with no tomato and no mayo.  The cashier placed the order correctly, only to arrive Homs and find my dinner smothered in mayo?  Sorry, I am just not interested in having a egg base jizz lookalike all over my food. Never again
The service and food is great! My wife and I eat here often and highly recommend it for anyone who loves a great sandwich. 
Another plus is The restaurant is always clean.
Nothing negative at all about this place. Great food, great service ANNNNDDD....a vegetarian sub, that was amazing!!!!!!!!! Clean, fun, fresh...unbeatable!
Brand new sub place from the same owner of Fat Boy's Pizza.

Ordered a Turkey, Salami, and Cheese sandwich - it came on a fresh and fluffy toasted roll. The meat was fresh and high quality. I got it to go, but ended up wolfing it down in the car on my way home. It was really good. I usually just get a basic meat + cheese + bread sort of sandwich, but they do offer lots of goodies for free with your sub. I would have gotten avocado, but they had just recently opened and hadn't gotten any yet. 

The prices are really low here, the menu is simple, and it's quick. Even better - they deliver in the area (pretty far too).  If I lived closer, I would definitely eat here all the time. My last office job had me commuting and I would pick up a sandwich from a place just like this every day on my way to work. Any time I can buy local over eating at a mega chain like Subway or Jimmy Johns, I'll do it. This place is probably cheaper, and you definitely get more (and higher quality) food for your buck.
Worst sub I've ever had. I ordered the salami and cheese. They don't ask you what you want on it- they just make it. It was covered in some type of dressing and there was a ton of mayonnaise. I couldn't even eat it- I ate the meat and that was it. They don't use a toaster oven, either- they have a microwave. It's a sketchy joint. And the add-ons are not free like this other review leads you to believe- they are 75 cents each. Won't be going back here.
My daughter and son-in-law went here and told us we had to try them,  that they had the best subs.  My husband and I tried their Italian sub and pastrami sub and they were just as good as my daughter said.  The bread was fresh and the sub was stacked to overflowing.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  We will definitely return frequently.
I gave this place another go because a friend bought it for me. Got the Italian. Made sure there was no dressing or mayonnaise. Still wasn't great.
Togos is back in Chandler!! Had my favorite #24 and partner had toasted veggie wrap with avacado added...so good! Thanks for bringing back my California memories!
Had Togo's for the first time this weekend. We came in early on a Sunday afternoon. I decided to order the French dip on sourdough and my fianc had the turkey avocado which was the special of the day. The owner was there and she talked to us about how popular the Togo's chain was in California and gave us a little background history on the company which I thought was nice. She was very welcoming. 

The French dip that I ordered I was not impressed with. The sourdough was a little bit too sour for my tastes and really overpowered the sandwich. If I ordered it again I would order it with a different bread but I didn't think that the meat had much flavor either. My fianc had the turkey avocado and was not a big fan of that either. He had the whole wheat bread which he said was good and fresh but the sandwich did not have much flavor in general.

They did have Pepsi products which is a plus in my book. Customer service was very good. They have quite an extensive menu and I would give them a shot again to try a different type of sandwich. Overall first impression was that the sandwiches that we had did not wow me but I will give them another shot while in the area.
Been here twice. Was not very impressed. Very bland sandwich. When compared to a sandwich next door at FRY'S, it isn't worth the extra money. Only positive is they carry Pepsi products. 

Had the tuna and the roast beef. Not to much to talk about for a $6 sandwich. I loved Togos from Ca and was actually let down.
Ate here for the first time the other day with my 3 kids. The menu is very inviting and a gal that worked there was very friendly. I can't say the same for the owner/manager. He came out and took my money for the order. A little pricey for not many options of sandwich toppings. However I was hungry and ready to try something new. 

I enjoyed my sandwich and so did my boys. My daughter however wasn't that hungry but the house salad was pretty big. I told the lady no tomatoes and onion and so se got lettuce and croutons. Not her fault she is just doing her job. I would eat there again but probably order the special.
I've been a huge TOGO's fan for decades, so I'm a bit biased, but this location (and its sister location in Gilbert run by the same owners) are very good. The only downside of the new Chandler location is that it's tiny and cramped. The Gilbert location is huge. But both are well-run and are solidly in our regular lunch rotation. My personal faves are the pastrami and tuna (not together!). Orders of magnitude better than Subway, in both quality of product, and the generosity of ingredients (no BS poster showing 3x the actual meat you receive, as Subway somehow gets away with - criminal!).
This place has great food and I can't stop talking about the TOGO mascot that dances out on the corner so I wanted to post up the video I took of him! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Zdtx3yroZ4
Pretty good sandwich. Good service, and good price. I was not blown away. I will keep this in mind if I am in the mood for something very predictable.
I was suffering from Togo's withdrawal from the time the previous franchisee gave it up, back in 2008 or so.  So I was thrilled when a new franchisee opened this location.  Service is great, very friendly and efficient.  The sandwiches are exactly as I remembered, tasty and generous.  The owner is very energetic and very appreciative of regular customers.  Hope it's here to stay.
So glad they opened one up in Chandler. I had the pastrami as usual with a half Asian salad. Its just like I remember from my college days and definitely did not disappoint.
Let me say "I love Togos." This location has the worst service I have ever experience at any Togos.  The kid making our sandwiches took about ten minutes to complete them and we had to "coach" him on how to make the sandwich.  There were 2 other employees just standing around watching tv.  The produce had obviously been out all day and I had to tell the kid not to put the brown avocado on my sandwich.  I expect more from this place. What a let down. Won't be back.
Stopped in TOGO's last night on an impulse to get a sandwich. Store is small (but the name is TOGO, so not expecting big, sit-down place!) but very welcoming, bright and clean. The 3 people behind the counter were friendly and upbeat - they all seemed to enjoy what they were doing and working together. Ended up with Santa Fe Chicken Salad Wrap. The pepita dressing was excellent and the wrap was a good size. Also really like their Egg Salad (easier than making it myself!). Will be back for sure!
Found out that they had local stores, so had to check it out. Great memories of Togos from my college days in Sacramento.  Had the  turkey and avocado and the pastrami sandwich. Split them with my son. Tasted just like I remember. No five dollar foot long here, but the quality and taste are superior. I will be back.
Love this place!!! They have lots of gluten free options and I think they are priced well! I go in at least once a week for their broccoli and cheese soup!! It's the best I have ever had!! And I alway have great service!
I have been a Togos customer for years (Bay Area Ca) and was so happy to see them reappear in AZ after closing their previous locations a few years back. I love the #9 and love that they have Pepsi, price is a bit high in the sandwich market but they do give you a good amount of meat.. also like the chocolate brownie. I wish they had curbside, or a call ahead pick up window or a drive through.
I was so excited to find a togos in Phoenix.  I grew up on togos in Gilroy, Ca. A great childhood memory.  A great quality sandwich shop that I highly recommend.  The best pastrami sandwhich I've ever had. Their ingredients taste so fresh. Lots of meat unlike some places. I will be honest that I love the pastrami sandwich so much that I haven't ordered much else from their menu. When you love something why change it. For those of you who haven't heard of togos go try it. You won't be disappointed!
Great food for a franchise! Nice helpful quick staff! Thanks Troy ( manager)?Fresh sliced meats with a decent amount of deli meat on your sandwich. 

   They have cold subs, Philly cheesesteaks, salads, and wraps. Mikes way is a style they make your sandwich and worth trying . Short review while driving!!
Happy to have a Jersey Mikes in Surprise, AZ. Been here 4 times and the have never disappointed! This location is extremely busy   Yet, they are very good at working through the crowds.
My bread was very dry but my husband and brother liked theirs so I give them 2 stars for that reason.  $28 for 3 sandwiches was too much.    I won't be a return customer.
Excellent place for a sub sandwich, all meat and cheeses are freshly cut in front of you (unlike Subway). Bread is always fresh and soft. A little on the spendy side but in my mind, you get what you pay for and if you want a FRESH sandwich this is the place to go. I'll be a returning customer for sure.
4 stars because I LOVE Jersey Mike's subs. The girls working behind the counter were so-so when it came to customer service. Again, delicious subs! So much better than Jimmy John's and Which Wich (in my opinion)!
So happy Jersey Mikes now in Surprise! They have the best! More meat, good service too. Now we will know where to eat! So happy!
Now this is an east coast sub!  Bread isn't too soft & everything is fresh!  Plus the cheese steaks are the best I've found here in AZ (though they really need to add french fries to the menu :) I go here at least once a week and it's great each time!
Seriously yummy sandwiches at a reasonable price! Made fresh right in front of you and way better send some of the other sandwich places locally
I have only been to this restaurant twice and I have to say that I am a fan. This place makes Subway look really bad! Not only is the staff here very friendly and good at their jobs but the food there is just delicious. I Love the fact that everything is cut fresh before your eyes instead of wondering how long its been sitting in this nasty tub out in the room temperature air. A big thumbs up.
My favorite place for a sub in the area. #13 is my favorite and the pepper relish is amazing! You have to request it on your sub.
Very slow.  There were 8 people working behind the counters and it seemed to be mass confusion.  The subs were good; however mine sat on the counter for several minutes while my husbands  was still being prepared.  We will wait a while to return while they work out the bugs!
This sandwich just opened up right around the corner from me a few weeks ago.  So the other day I decided to try it.  It was an awesome experience!!!  I love the atmosphere of the whole firehouse theme!!  When you walk in on your left there are turnout coats hanging up and on the tops of the tables there is a Dalmatian print.  Behind the register there is an American flag made with the names of the people who died on 9/11.  The items on the menu had clever names to like the hook and latter or the engineer.  The sandwich I had was a ham sandwich on a white roll.  Very good!!!  The customer service was also very good.  They were friendly and when they call your name when your food is ready they bring it to you.  Now that's customer service at its best!!  If you have a small child they give them one of those red party fire fighter helmets!!!  I would highly recommend this place!!!!
I have heard many positive things of Fire House subs so when I saw this location open up about a mile from my house I thought that I would try this new place . The price of a footlong sub is about $8 but for paying a little bit more than the other competitive sub places the quality of the subs with the meat bread and condiments are very high quality . The theme of the restaurant of course has fire house fire man and 911 items. This location has a large quantity of seating and the employees are very friendly and helpful . Plenty of parking just off Tatum Boulevard north of Greenway . I would recommend this place to friends and family. I will definitely come back and try the other subs that they offer
Yum! Firehouse subs are worth the calories!! They are yummy and the staff is very friendly too!
I had finn this please a couple times when I was driving down tatum boulevard. so I thought that I would give it a try. 25 min wait for a sandwich on a thursday night...and the food is average at best :(
First off, since it is new, it wasn't in google maps yet.  That made it difficult to find when I couldn't remember where I had seen it before.  When I finally happened upon it, I was a little confused as to how exactly you order your sandwich.  My wife wanted an Italian, so that was easy enough, but I wanted a roast beef with cheese, lettuce, pickle, mayo, mustard.  As I told this to the order taker, I was a little dumbfounded that she just hit one button and looked like she was waiting for me to finish talking.

The cola machine was really nice, but there was only one, so it was a good 3-5 minute wait to pour a soft drink.  People just don't know how to use the touch screens efficiently yet.

When our subs came up I found out that they just put everything on mine (including tomato and onion which I can't stand), but I headed home with them anyway.  Come to find out that not only did my sandwich come out different than expected, my wife's had Mayo on it (which was not on the list of ingredients, was supposed to have Italian Dressing, not Mayo).  This was a problem since my wife doesn't like mayo or mustard.

I ordered the large sandwich, which was less substantial than a foot long at subway or sandwich from Jersey Mikes.  I was expecting it to be big enough to eat half now and the other later, but it was small enough to eat in one sitting.

Overall, it was a nice place and a unique concept, but very sub-par execution.  Some of the bugs will work themselves out, but the other flaws are probably permanent, so for about the same price I would prefer Jersey Mikes, Potbelly, Jimmy-John's, Capriotti's, etc.  Heck, even Subway.
After further gastronomical results, dropping to 1 star.  Beware.
Hyped up for Firehouse for years...this location finally opened in my location, and.....meeehhhhhh...

Service was friendly, but slow, considering how many folks they had behind the counter....luckily, I was able to catch my bus back home in time. 

I was recommended to get a Meatball sub...the bread and cheese presentation was beautiful and delicious...the quality of the meatball and the sauce, in my honest opinion, tasted ALMOST EXACTLY like Subway. I like Subway's meatball sandwich, but after years of eating it, I know I'm getting a tasty, but subpar meatball sauce combo...I expected more authentic out of this place. The other premium hot sandwiches on the menu looked decent enough, so I will give them a try again before I would give up on them.

I really did like the hot sauce bar they had up front.....many, many different bottles and sample size containers (a la a Filiberto's type sauce container), so I took home 5 or 6 different types of sauces i've never tried to use on different stuff later and add to my Frankenstein bottle lol.

So yeah...first impression didn't quite live up to the hype, but it did show potential.
I saw this pop up down the street, read the reviews, and headed there today. This is my new "go-to" spot for subs. Atmosphere  feels so upbeat and there were friendly sandwich makers eager to explain the options.  Lots of firehouse references and decor. The sandwich I had was "the Italian but I will try others. I mentioned I had been there to several friends today and they all have it a big thumbs up as well. So happy to have this shop in the neighborhood!
The subs are very good. The staff is friendly. The subs are a little slow to the table considering how much staff they have. I will be back.
This is 1 of the best sub franchises out there right now. I ordered  the hero, medium size and for just under nine bucks for the drink it's a really nice sized sandwich. The toasted bread is delicious and the flavor combinations on the sandwich are yummy. Coming back soon because I noticed corned beef and pastrami with melted provolone after I already ordered my sandwich, I have to come back and try that
Best sub in town. Can't even fathom going to Subway after it. Friendly staff
Very friendly staff, great food... I always have the smoke turkey breast, fully envolved. Never disapointed!
I've been curious to try this place for a while and I must say it was a very good toasted sub.  It's a little on the pricer end for a lunch spot but I will keep it in the rotation.
**Beware:  If you are one of the few people with a cheese allergy, DO NOT GO HERE**  They will put cheese on your sub whether you like it or not.  I do not give 1-star reviews often.  Below is the reason I think this place needs corporate management ASAP:
I want to start by saying I have visited multiple Firehouse Subs locations, and I have always been impressed with the service and product received.  Since I love Firehouse Subs, I was excited when the Tatum location was opening up.  My husband and I went for lunch within the first couple of weeks of it opening, and it was an awful experience.  Firstly, the manager shouting out things at the employees very loudly).  Secondly, I received a wrong order TWICE due to my lactose intolerance issues (received with cheese and then mayo).  Thirdly, I being somewhat accused of trying to steal sandwiches by the person who put together the sandiwch, since I had to go to the counter to explain my very difficult(?) order to him. Since my husband had waited and waited to eat his sandwich because of my bad orders, the guy thought we had kept a sandwich.    Anyway, we just decided it was a new place that was super busy, so we would try again.  Today, I decided to go back.  It was not busy, but the most tables were taken.  I had a to-go order and specifically told the cashier that I did not want cheese or mayo on my order.  I asked him to put it in big, bold letters!   While waiting for my order, the manager (I think he's the manager) was once again talking to employees way too loud.  He was upset that they weren't greeting everyone when they walked in.  In my personal opinion, he should worry less about greeting every customer and more about QUALITY CONTROL.  I received my sandwich and left.  Later, when I got home, open the wrapper and there it is CHEESE, again.  Once is a mistake, twice is a habit.  Part of the larger issue, is how long a person who is lactose intolerant has to wait to get the other sandwich.  In my opinion, corporate should go there to adjust and fix things.  Although I will still support Firehouse Subs, I will not be going there too often, because that location is the closest to my house. Bottomline: I will not return to a place that is inconsiderate of sandwich changes & to hear a manager talk to his staff openly and loudly.
Awesome awesome subs. Wow already went there 3 times in 2 weeks tried 3 different subs.  All great
I like this brand not only for their food, as it is great, but I like the decor.  After 25 years in the Fire/EMS service, these locations bring back memories and fills the tummy with some great subs.
For what people say about this place, I just don't see it.  I tried it and will not be back.  Too expensive for what is offered.  The wait is way too long and it didn't taste that great.  I would pick subway every day over this place.
I had the turkey bacon ranch sub and it was really good! The wait wasn't long at all either. As soon as I walked through the door I was greeted and one of the girls asked if I wanted a run down of the menu! They were all nice and helpful and I'll definitely pass the good word along!
Meh...just ok. Really nothing special here.
Man I like this place! I've tried a couple of their subs-all delicious but my favorite is the beef & cheddar brisket. When someone wants a sammich I'll definitely recommend Firehouse.
I was just introduced to Firehouse Subs and having been a fan of Potbellys and Subway, figured it would be essentially the same thing ..... WRONG.  I had their Turkey Verde sandwich and it was DELICIOUS.  For under 500 calories, I assumed I would still be hungry after and WRONG again.  I walked out completely stuffed.  Fresh ingredients, fast service, and helpful staff.  Next time someone wants to go to Subway or Potbelly's, I'll be taking them here instead :)
I've been to the Gilbert AZ location many times and have always been satisfied.  Never a complaint.  I placed a group order (9 sandwiches) this past week for an office birthday lunch.  

A few of them were not prepared according to our order which was disappointing, but the store owner promptly contacted me and offered to make it right.  He was very hospitable and clearly understands customer service.  Everyone makes a mistake now and then but the way that it was handled was first class.  

The sandwiches are great and they cater as well!  If you have a larger order, call it in ahead would be my advice and ask them to clearly identify the special instructions on each sandwich.
"The Sub that Sunk"  

A solid three stars for the customer service at this new location with friendly service with the staff that seemed to be enjoying there time working with each other.  I did receive my free sub for the grand opening of this location, however even though the deli meats were sliced in front of you to prove the freshness of their ingredients, my Italian sub was "A-OK."  I would consider going again because of the service, but maybe a second try with a different sub will satisfy my sub appetite.  I kept comparing it to Jimmy Johns Subs which are much tastier, however service is lacking.
I like Jersey Mike's.  This location opened in the last month or so; I went there right after it opened and also a couple weeks after.  I always get a cheesesteak with no peppers.  Both times the sandwich was good, up to par with other locations.  Like the other reviewer said, the employees were bantering back and forth with each other in a friendly way.  

The toppings here are pretty limited, but they do slice the meats to order and give you a choice of white or wheat bread.  They have a few hot sandwiches, and offer sides of chips and cookies and have fountain drinks.  I always get a regular sub, since the giant ones are GIANT.
Get it Mike's Way. It's really good.
I had to do it.  I couldn't help myself.  I know it was bad and I should have resisted.  But it was mocking me.  All full-colored and smug on the menu board above my head.  So, I ordered it, saying quietly to myself, "well, I'll save half for tomorrow".  Yeah, right.

It was the giant-sized sub at Jersey Mikes.  I went with the Italian meats version.  The sandwich guy looked smug as he started slicing the meats and cheeses, gently laying them on the super-long crusty Italian bread.  I had the sandwich "Mikes way", but without the onion.  raw onions give me indigestion.  Much like eating giant sub sandwiches for lunch.

There is a small condiment bar and you have the sandwich guy dress the sandwich similar to Subway, but the ingredients look fresher, and there are fewer choices.  That's ok though, because, unlike Subway, you don't need to pile a lot of crap on this sandwich to get some flavor.  It's all in the meats.  I asked him to slather on some Mayo too.  I love Mayo.  Especially on giant italian-meat sub sandwiches.  Grabbing a bag of chips to go with it, this lunch came in at a whopping $13 and change.  I snared the sandwich and headed back to the office, still convinced I would be enjoying this beast for the next couple of days.

When I got to my desk and opened this lovely creation, I immediately noticed the guy cut it into 4 chunks.  What, is this another slap in my face - bet you can't eat all 4 pieces!  I bit into the first chunk.  The bread was fresh and crusty on the outside, creamy-chewing on the inside and the meats and cheeses were flavorful, not overpowered by the addition of jalepeno pepper.  Oil and vinegar mashed with the mayo and leaked out on the paper wrapping.  I didn't care.  I forgot about the chips as I attacked the second chunk, still thinking this would be enjoyed tomorrow too.  

It was too good.   The challenge was right there in front of me.  Just two more small chunks....I succumbed.  Scarfing the last two chunks, I had to let the button loose on my jeans to allow this beast room to roam my tummy.  It felt good.  It was evil.  sublimely evil.  To hell with diets.  Jimmy John's is a fading memory, with Jersey Mikes - nobody yelled at me when I came in the door, they built an awesome sub sandwich and I totally devoured it.

Jersey Mikes, I'll be back.  Next time I'll order the regular size though.  (right.)
Hot Sandwiches are awesome.....cold sandwiches just average. I highly recommend the Chicken Cheese Steak......peppers....onions....chipotle mayo....mmmmmmmmmm....real good. The Service could be better....but all in all not a total loss. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
I have been to jersey mikes before but in another state. I can't lie this wasn't my first choice for lunch but my other choice was packed. 

The place was clean and well kept and the staff was friendly and inviting. There was seating but not a ton which I suppose is part of the business design. 

The subs were good but not a ton of choices. I got an Italian style sub while my wife got the chipotle philly steak sub. Both subs were good but the price was too high once you added a drink and chips. Our two sub combos along with a kids menu option for my boy was $26.00. 

All I'm saying is that I could go to subway and get the same thing for 10 bucks less, along with chemicals is my bread ha!!!

I'm undecided if I will return or not.
I had a bad experience with shitty ATTITUDE. Bad service w/no training...and yes, this is all about a to go container. I ordered 5 giant subs to-go for a business lunch. All plain and requested the condiments on the side. I have never had such an issue about getting a side of lettuce and tomatoes. He made the biggest deal about a .05 cent  plastic to go containers....HELLO!! I just spent 66 bucks AND gave you a $10 tip on top of it. If anything, I made your day easier by not fully making the subs and putting everything on the side.

Point is, I had a stupid conversation about "well 5 giants subs would be 25 tomatoes..and i don't want to put a tub of 25 tomatoes in a container." I had to like bargain with the man and agreed to only 10 tomatoes and whatever space was left for the lettuce in one container.

Next time, offer the catering platter (which is exactly what I ordered...and the condiments come on the side)
I don't understand how this location can be THIS awful when the one on Bell Road, just west of Tatum can be so good?! Don't bother with this one, drive a little farther and go to the one on Bell.  This one: stale bread, less meat, cheese not melted on hot subs, SLOWWWWW service...it's awful.
Too expensive for what you get. Other reviewers are right. The employees have a bad attitude. Subs are okay, way too salty.
If I could give this location a negative star rating I would. Every time I have been here has been worse than the prior visits. This time I only came back to redeem a free sub coupon that I was given on a prior visit when I informed them that they gave me $10 to much when they counted my change back to me. So I ordered my sub which I had to do three times because the person taking my order couldn't remember anything. Then when I went to the register they refused to accept the coupon they gave me saying they no longer accept those even though there was not printed expiration date but said they would give me $3 off instead. After they couldn't figure how to ring it up I was told they were just not going to accept it and I would have to pay full price. The young man ringing me up had a huge attitude and was a prime example why the minimum wage shouldn't be raised. To cap off this horrible experience when I got home both of the sandwiches were made wrong. STAY AWAY from this location if not all of them which is what I am going to do
I have been here twice since it just opened. The first time I had the Original Italian, which has provolone,ham,proscuittini,cappacuolo,salami, and pepperoni. You can add the veggies and topping that you like. This sandwich was pretty good, but it didn't impress me that much.
The second time I went I got the Big Kahuna Cheesesteak which has steak, grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, jalapeos, and extra cheese. Now this what was quite tasty. It is one that I will definitely go back for. Overall this place is pretty good and is definitely a nice break from places like Subway.
When someone orders a veggie sub you may want to consider that they don't want meat. Placing my formerly vegetarian sub directly in between two roast beef subs, in total contact with meat on both sides is disgusting and rude. Which is why I walked out. Jersey mikes has been permanently ruined in my mind.
I'm usually impressed with the service at Jersey Mikes, however this is my first time visiting during the busy lunch hour. I don't know if it's standard for only one employee to work at a time while the other 3 watch but it took me 20 minutes to get my sub. To top it off when one of the professional sandwich artists gave my sub to the person in front of me they were very rude about making me another one and I had to twice remind him that I was still waiting for my sandwich to be remade. Worst experience ever.
Great food, good service.
I don't really rate chains that high unless they do something amazing and unexpected. It's  jersey mike's. Decent sandwiches, not a big selection, a bit pricey.
I only recently discovered the deliciousness that is Jersey Mike's (which has now ruined me forever to the garbage that is Subway) but I'd only been to the location in Ahwatukee by where I work.  When I drove past this place with a friend after leaving the gym a different way than usual I actually turned us back around to get something to eat.

The menu, sandwiches, atmosphere all of that is pretty much going to be the same at whichever location you go to but I will say that the staff that was working the day we went in was great.  They were joking around with us and making actual conversation while we went through ordering and waiting in line.  My friend can be a little particular about how she orders and wants things which can sometimes annoy people at some places but these guys graciously did everything she asked without putting up a fuss.  Definitely a great experience.
They freshly slice your meat and cheese right in front of you like in a deli so it's really fresh unlike subway which has preservatives on each side of the meat. They also roast their beef in store and cook fresh bacon on the skillet! Best sub place
Love coming here! Great club sandwich, and the coupon deals they send in the mail for buy 2 meals for 14.99 can't be beat!
I've been to jersey mikes all over the country and have always been disappointed. But this one in particular has a lot of heart.

The first time I came for lunch, the restaurant was relatively new and there was the owner (I'm guessing) in a booth struggling over finances and buying inventory. But then he got off the phone with someone and relaxed, taking a deep breath. With a big smile, he turned to me and said "thing are really looking up"

I have a tendency to mask all these chains as objects and often forget about the people. I like to imagine that this man set a goal and kept working to achieve it. 

I'm here for my third time at this location and am always struck by the kindness of the staff.  They really care about their customers and know many of them by name--Not something I would expect from a normal chain.

TL; DR: great subs, and even greater staff
The Big Kahuna is simply awesome! Their jalapeos are ama-za-za-zing. I love this place and the sandwich artists are friendly :)
This place rocks. We come here quite often as it is just down the road from my office. Killer subs, awesome cookies, nothing but good stuff here!
We visited here last week and I couldn't yelp about it at the time.  This was probably one of the best subs I've ever had.  The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the food was beyond fresh and delicious.  They slice the meat right in front of you, the fixing's are simple(the pickles a must if you like them),  and the bread was soft and flavorful.  Will definitely be back.
Great place! Watch them slice the meat and cheese for your sandwich then load it up the way you want. If you like a little zing, add some CPR (chili pepper relish) to your sandwich. Delicious! I love their cold sub's, but I have tried one of their cheese steak a which was ok. I literally salivate just thinking about their original with the CPR. Great sandwiches, friendly staff, what more could you ask for?
I've been here once. I received a few coupons in the mail so I decided to check it out. The service was good and the sandwiches were pretty tasty. The prices were average as well. I haven't been back since, but if I was in the area and craving subs I'd stop in.
Great place. The number 13 is the best sandwich anywhere.   The sugar cookies, when not overcooked, are fantastic. Nice staff and good service.
EXCELLENT Subs, and great staff.  The #13 Italian is a great sandwich with REAL meat and REAL cheese.  After you've tried this place, you wont waste your money at that other sub chain again.  The staff have clean, neat uniforms and a friendly attitude.  You can't beat Jersey Mike's, especially this location !!
Great Food - Great Service - every time I come here the employees are fantastic- they always get my order correct and the food is FRESH. It is a  good old fashion "SUB SANDWICH" -   Employes are very helpful too-
Slow as crap. But the sub is always good!!!
Loved their Philly Cheese steak. Definitely one of the more legit ones I've had. Took a little while to get my sub, but they are grilling it fresh in front of you, so I can be patient. Comparable to Philly's Best. YUM
Very pricey, but what do you expect for the airport?  $8.99 for a sub seems a little out there, but to be honest, it was a very good sub.  Same Jersey Mike's quality you expect to find at any of their locations.  At least, I HOPE you expect to find it there.

I had the #13 (Original Italian, I think it was called).  There was a very sizable portion of lunch meat on the sandwich, which was awesome of course.  The toppings were very fresh, and the bread was pretty recently baked it seemed.  Despite the very long line, the staff moved quickly, but accurately, efficient and friendly as well.  

It was a little more than I like to spend on lunch, but compared to the other options of burgers, pizza, and just general fried stuff, it was clearly the winner on appealing to my taste buds.  I don't like to grease-up when flying, so a sub shop usually gets my vote.  If I'm back here again and have the time, Jersey Mike's it is again.
This is most likely your best option for an overpriced sandwich at the airport. Definitely better than the ones in plastic wrap and you pay just a bit less at Jersey Mike's.
I had neve even heard of one of these things before, and she, being much more adventurous than I, decided she had to try one. I had a few bites, and I have to say, this was one tasty ass sub. I'm assuming it was pricier than most because it was at the airport, but even if it was't it was ten times better than, say, subway. At least the Philly Cheese steak was.  She said she watched them slice it all up to order nothing out of assembly line bins. It was moist and the bread was soft. Anyways, I am in Nor Cal and had never heard of one of these joints before. I'm a fan. If there is one close by, I'd have it again.
I've seen a number of people complaining about the cost of the sandwiches here which I don't entirely get. They don't seem any more expensive than they are at their non-airport locations.  I find this location to be fast and friendly and I like their sandwiches.  It's really easy to stop there when waiting for a flight or a connection.  The sandwiches travel well so they re great to take on the plane with you.  I'm usually out of there for less than $10.00 and am not hungry afterward so it feels like an OK deal to me.
I really love Jersey Mike's.  We have one in my hometown and after spending tons of loot in Las Vegas I was happy to find a sub place in the airport.  I WAS surprised at the pricing for this location.  First of all, they only have the regular size subs here, no minis.  Second, they only have one size drink so you are forced to buy a larger serving.  For two regular subs and two drinks we paid $28!!  I went to their website for my local Mike's to price check and the same exact meal is $18.28.  That's just crazy.  

Besides that the meal was pretty good!  Airport food is never the same as the real thing for some reason but worthy of 4 stars nonetheless.  

Finally, they do not have seating at this location.
i was here October 8, 2013.

i had heard about this place- there's one not too far from where i live. i keep wanting to try it but never get around to it.

i had a layover in Las Vegas so i figured i'd try it.
i got the original italian- they put on lettuce and tomatoes and some sort of relish and oil/vinegar, olive, pickles, peppers. 
i was pleasantly surprised!!
i'm in an airport at least a few times a month and the choices are usually pretty bad.

now, all of you stuffy wanna-be food connoisseurs will probably take offense to me liking this spot. but, a good sandwich is a good sandwich!
Usual four star Jersey Mike's fare meets one star sanitation. This place has a dirty grill, prep areas and management and employees whose attitude confirms why it is this way. This isn't a review so much as a plea to the health inspector to cite this place before the leftover bits of food and the lettuce, which was slimy, get someone sick.  If these people ran the brand like a franchise store it would be the best food in this desert wasteland of airport eateries.
Service was very friendly, but we waited 19 minutes for one turkey sub and one steak and cheese sub during lunch. I dont know if we could return for lunch due to unreliable wait times...
Good bread and ingredients. Be sure to ask what is added to your sub. Barbecue sauce shouldn't be on everything.
How can one give a Firehouse sub less than 4 stars? I've never had any problem at this location or any other location.

the only reason I can see Firehouse having issues is if they are just opening. Trying to train a bunch of 16yr olds how to make subs on a line is difficult and things are going to go wrong. This location is new so maybe that was part of their gowing pains!

Can't go wrong with many of these subs, FTW!
Great subs and friendly service . Lots of hot and spice sauces to add as well. Go for the "real" subs , not the low calorie ones, the difference is big in flavor and taste !
Such nice employees at this place! Patient and helpful. I needed just a side of chicken breast to feed my dogs and they were happy to accommodate. The subs are so yummy and we love the Under 500 Calorie choices! Great place ;-)
First time at any Firehouse Subs. They steam the meat to keep it super fresh and moist. Very good job and we'll be coming back.
Went in to Firehouse subs today for lunch 6/3/14 and did not have a great experience.    There was a female manager running around scolding employees telling them where to stand and where not too.  She verbally reprimanded a person on the line for making a sandwich incorrectly (all within my earshot).  While she should have been worried about why it is taking 10-15 minutes for me to get my 1 sub.  

Now onto the sub.. I got an italian sandwich, which had some kind of sweet sauce on it.  I cannot fathom why there would be a sweet sauce (think sweet mayo) on a italian sandwich.

Overall, really disappointed, will not be back.
The only reason this place got three stars is because the food is amazing, BUT the service is terrible. The people they have working there have absolutely zero social skills and a severe listening problem. I'm ordering a sandwich, I don't need to give you a personal history and take a freaking survey to order my food. Listen to what I tell you I want and give me what I ask for. It's not a Wolfgang Puck 5 star restaurant.  I don't need you to go into the services you provide. I want a sandwich.
We came here for dinner tonight and enjoyed the "Firehouse" experience.  

It's kind of hard to describe or appreciate the exuberance of the employees as you come in and hear, all of them say in unison: "WELCOME TO FIREHOUSE SUBS!!!"  LOL

It's overwhelming, but a nice touch and all the employees are extra friendly. As for the food, it's very good and makes you want to come back for more. 

We had the medium Meatball for $5.99 and the large Italian for $8.19. We made the Italian a Combo for $2.49 more. Though admittedly, $18.00 might be pricey for two, but we enjoyed ourselves and the bread IS very tasty. 

One note before ordering, read carefully what condiments they put on their subs. They tend to add Mayo, Mustard, or both, to sandwiches you wouldn't expect. Pastrami & Corn Beef, or the Italian for example. LOL

So Three Stars "A-Okay" and yes, we 'll be back.
A three star rating per Yelp means A-OK. I think that fits for this restaurant. I think all of the employees are polite AND helpful. They are always willing to help out the newbies coming into the shop. The sandwiches are okay, but nothing which will blow you away. The only exception would be the Beef and Cheddar, which is really good. I dig the two soda machines that they have so you're never waiting to fill up. They have those new machines where you use the touchscreens to pick your drink.

One source of aggravation for me as a customer is that businesses are always asking the customer to donate something. In this case, they ask the customer if they want to round up their purchases. I really just want to buy lunch and move on. Let me decide how I want to spend my Charity budget on my own terms.
Came here for lunch with a friend this week. Twas alright. It actually looked really cool inside, and you could tell it originated in the Midwest. There was a firehouse theme, naturally. The tables were polka dotted like dogs. Maybe there were too many chairs and tables though. I had the chopped salad and it was good. I really want to try the cranberry turkey sandwich next time. A lot of their subs are toasted. They post a lot of nutritional info which I appreciate.
Firehouse is  #1 of the sub shops in our area. Not the cheapest and not the most expensive but better quality than the cheapest and a better menu selection than all of them! 

They will even accommodate a custom sandwich, in case, like me you still want something other than a menu item. 

They have salads, a low calorie menu and  many hot & cold subs. 

In addition the fresh bread, service and fancy Coke machine are top notch! 
Check 'em out.
Amazing subs great atmosphere all while watchin the ball game. Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing
We just moved to this community and tried it on our house hunting trip and again after moving here...Great price and very friendly staff! Food is excellent with lots of meat and perfect amount of veggies and sauce! It will be a regular for us
Friendly staff, clean, kool concept. Staff did not know the menu. I ordered my sandwich based on the counter guys description-- turned out to be totally different.  They gave my kid the wrong sandwich which we realized after we got home.  I will try it again though after they have been around and hopefully train their employees on the menu.