I have lived in Hong Kong and Singapore (two years each) and I still travel to Asia frequently.  I think the Great Wall is the most authentic and best tasting Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  It is a popular place for wedding banquets among the Chinese community of PHX, and can get quite loud when one of those events is taking place.  As with most Chinese restaurants, the best meals are on the Chinese menu, not the English menu.  A freind who reads Chinese turned us on to the set meal #1 on the Chinese menu, which is what we order almost every time we go there now!  It is very reasonably priced and with a famly of 4 you will probably be taking some of it home.
The Great Wall was my first dim sum experience, making me what you might call a tableau rosa*.  Since I know nothing about dim sum, all I can do is share my overall general biased by my own narrow existence perception of the place.  So here it goes.  As usual, Mr. K has accurately described and captured the essence of this restaurant in his review, so there's that.  Read his review.  What I can add is this.  The food all tasted good to me.  The atmosphere was fun and lively.  The demo is certainly nothing like any place I've ever been to in Phoenix, so those who decry the lack of diversity in this town, perhaps you just need to expand your horizons to include Great Wall into your rotation. And I would go back.  I have to get on the HIGHWAY to drive here, so that is saying a lot.  For those of you who are directionally challenged, it's the first shopping plaza on the east side of 35th Avenue, just north of Camelback.    

*It's been years and years and years since high school English.  For some reason I think this means "blank slate."  If not strike "tableau rosa" and insert "blank slate" above.
Consider this a 3+ or a 4- for me.

Its in a very unappealing strip mall.
Interior is sparse and ball-room / banquet hall like.
Bathroom was very clean and nicely remodeled (Surprisingly nice).

Initial service was slow.  10 minutes before we spoke with anyone.
We were certainly among only a handful of non-chinese speakers and some of the employees tended to avoid us because of the language problem.

Had only a few different Dim-Sum plates.  A few bun things that were ok (sparse filling).  A few egg rolls (Shrimp only and my dining partner doesn't like exoskeletal creatures).  Shumai were tasty.

Then for a change we ordered Veggie Fried Rice.   This was definitely a 4+ on the Yelp scale.  

Would I go again?  yes, probably maybe.
Best to go with a group of 4+ for more options.
I've gone to Great Wall for years. But the best thing that impressed me lately? Going there for Dim Sum at 12PM on a Sunday with a party of 8. We were seated INSTANTLY despite the huge line outside. Why? My family has serious connections! It's like the Asian mafia of food. 

The Dim Sum dishes are good. Not too greasy. Baked Egg Custard Buns make me drool. Everything else is great too. They have a huge selection served in carts.

The dinner menu is very good too. Live seafood. Lots of servings. Family style.

If you come here, be sure to bring a big group. You will leave full and happy! As for the pricing, I can't comment on that. My Asian Mafioso mom usually fronts the bill.
After having eaten at Golden Buddha, China King, C-Fu, and China Chan, I have to say that Great Wall is probably the best place to get dimsum in the Valley.   China Chan comes a close second with better har gau and egg tarts.

The Chinese New Year special dimsum - pig trotters with black moss - was delicious.  Apparently it's super labor intensive so is only offered for a limited time.  The shiu mai, steamed tripe and spare ribs were cooked and seasoned just right.  The taro puff had great taro flavor and tasty filling with only a hint of oil.

The har gau skin unfortunately fell apart and the egg tart crust was not as flaky as China Chan's.  Overall, the flavors were good, fresh and a nice variety to choose from.
I've gone to the Great Wall twice in the past few weeks and both times were fun, crazy, and memorable. We went on Sunday within the 10am hour and we were sat almost immediately and were rolling our chopsticks within 10 minutes. If you're one for new experiences and can tolerate a little disorganization then you will be just fine. Don't expect to be catered to because this place can be a free for all once the crowds kick in (11:30am) . You gotta be quick with what you want and don't stand around asking the cart staff in-depth questions like What's that?, What's in that?, and is that spicy? Be quick, look, and nod because you are holding up the line for the rest of us! Because Me soo hungry!

Don't be startled by the slowly moving cart with the 2 foot mound of noodles making its way through the eagerly awaiting crowd. Oh and yes, you will see Chicken Feet, lots of them. However, if you're not that adventurous then there are plenty of other treats to chose from. Just throw caution and pretense to the wind, dive in and enjoy! 

Unfortunately I am not able to make any specific reccommendations because I don't know how to spell or pronounce most of the items on the carts... Sorry!
best  Dim Sum in Phoenix, Arizona
I think when you have great company to go along with great food, those calories don't count. Right? Well, that's how I'm looking at things today because Great Wall not only made my tummy very happy, but I'm graciously looking forward to going back again soon to mack on their delish cuisine.

Robert M and I met some of his coworkers there this morning at 10:30 and were treated to some of the best and most affordable dim sum in Phx. Like, San Francisco good and affordable. I won't pretend to know the names of much that we ate but I can tell you everything was mighty fine. And the four of us were stuffed by the time we stopped eating and for $14.07 a person. Somebody hit me!
Had a great Saturday brunch here.  The food is quite good  and they have all the regular dim sum fare as well as fish for the cantonese banquets. 
Portions are relatively large compared to other dim sum places, eg pineapple buns are 3 to a dish and large, similar to bakery size.  Chow mein is given on heaping 6 inch high mounds.  Har gow, siu mai are good.  The salt pepper squid looked good.  Sesame balls were excellent and had mung bean fillings.  Phoenix claws were also excellent.  
Overall, this was a very good place to take family to.  
Now, compared to California dim sum places this would only be an average place but because I don't have to drive six hours to California and the quality is good, I give this place 4 stars.  Prices are excellent and actually cheaper than many other dim sum places.  Excellent value and great portions will fill up any large family.
Xie has no clue what they are talking about. 

Great wall is a great place and is used by many chinese for weddings. I mostly go there with family and enjoy large meals (sorry dim sum people) we have always enjoyed the great food and good wait staff. the only problem i really have is.... the menu... the American menu is small, really look a the Chinese menu its huge and things most people will never know about try the shrimp and walnut in mayonase sause and the scalups and green beans with exo sauce (i'm probably spelling those sauces wrong)
Anytime I am in Phoenix to visit relatives...they take me here. It seems like its the best dim sum place they have in the scorching hot Phoenix. Dim sum is good..but not the greatest.
I must have gone on a bad day .....

Shortly after walking in, we were seated but no one came to take our drink order for at least 10 minutes and then it was only because we said something to a waiter walking by.  The Dim Sum selection was very small and the quality just wasn't that good.  

Who charges for refills on a fountain drink anymore?

They did have a shrimp/crab egg roll that was real good!

I think you will find me at C-Fu Gourmet from now on.
Ever since I started getting daily e-mails from my bureaucratic overlords reminding me of the impending layoffs, unpaid furloughs and "department consolidations" I have to look forward to, I've been cutting back on going out and actually enjoying myself. Mostly because they cut all my hours and I still need to find a way to pay my therapist.

So for the last week or so it's (haha, proper use of the apostrophe, bitches) been ramen noodles, rice, ramen noodles, peanut butter, and ramen noodles. 

I've been trying to make the most of it. I look up ramen recipes on the internet. I make aesthetically pleasing bentos out of them. I even put pictures of my lunch on my livejournal, perhaps to maintain the illusion that I'm "challenging myself" rather than desperately clinging to the edge of poverty.

Alas, no how I try to psyche myself, there is no pick me up for the buzz kill one experiences when eating 15 cent noodles in front of your computer when your stomach and smug sense of culture are screaming for something...more...

Like dim sum. Like Great Wall's dim sum.

This morning I was stewing another batch of "failure food" when the insane craving for dim sum hit me like homosexual tendencies striking a fundamentalist preacher giving a sermon on how G*d hates Rastafarians.

On the outside, Great Wall looks like another two-bit strip mall attraction. You know, like all the stores next to it. But inside it's like the dining room of Hotel Awesome, where somewhat discontent-looking servers push around carts of delicious and deliver plates of FUCK YEAH to your table where you and your party can divvy them up/fight over them. Whatever fits your interpretation of Darwinism.

To be honest I'm surprised more people don't fight over the food.

For a mound of their delicious lo mein I would probably break a chair over someone's face. 

For a plate of their pork buns I would falcon punch someone in front of their kids.

This may seem a little aggressive...but it can be a fucking battle royale in there.

Especially when you don't have anyone in your party who speaks the language.

"Uh, yes, I'll take some of that, no, that, yes the thing with the shrimp in it. Oh, and some of that, too. No. To the right. Yes. Oh shit, where'd our ticket go?"

I remember watching a Muppet Babies episode once where the children were eating gruel or something and they suggested trying to imagine it as something tastier.

I tried that. It's a lot harder than it looks.

You swirl those nickel-and-dime noodles around on your fork and you try to imagine crab puffs or plates of peppered shrimp or mango pudding.

You try to imagine being surrounded by all your friends, plus some people you've just met, plus a whole restaurant of people speaking in their cafeteria voices (i.e. screaming at the top of their lungs).

And then you open your eyes and take a bite.

And you realize that you're alone in front of your computer screen with a mouth full of chopstick because in your daydreaming you drop your ramen all over yourself. 

Fuck.

I would crash a mini-motorcycle into someone's groin right now for a plate of their lumpia or shrimp dumplings.

Dammit.

Does anyone need someone to paint their nails and take them out shopping? 

I can't keep living like this.
I've been to china town in california and in new york everyone. Great wall is still the best chinese that I've ever tasted! 

I actually give 5 stars for the food. But minusing one star because of service.

Hey  but people who have usually been to china town or any authentic chinese restaurant should know that service is always going to be bad. They don't mean to be that way. That's just what they are used to. LOL 

So just go for the food. It's worth it.

Oh and I will add, that the have the best dim sum in the valley.
I am by no means any expert on Dim Sum... in fact, my first experience was at Great Wall! 
I enjoyed it so much, though, that I went back the next time I was in town. 
They have a wide variety of dishes to choose from. And I must admit that it would be helpful to go with an experienced 'Dim-Sum-er' because some of the dishes can be intimidating!
I don't eat any meat except fish, and they had plenty of delish options for me. The broccoli, noodle, tofu, and sesame balls are by far my favorites. 
They can get really crowded, as both times I was there (Saturday and Sunday), they were packed. Plenty of parking in the lot, though.
The inside is massive and nicely decorated. I never made a trip to the restroom, but I did hear that they are very nice too. :-P
Each time I've been there, all 4 of usl left completely stuffed, and we each spent about $12 for the food we shared.
This is as good as it gets for the Phoenix Valley, Brings authentic feel, with its service, design and especially food. Treat your self to Chinese food they way it should be prepared.  

Menu is very large and has authentic dishes so bring a friend with knowledge.

By service I mean you feel like your at a Chinese restaurant the staff is not there to make you feel like fine dinning. I mean they don't speak a lot of English and are fast to serve but fast to vanish.  

Sat and Sunday treat your self to dim sum. This is "a touch of heart" eating a very traditional Chinese style eating.  Dishes are brought out in small quantities of delight.
I give Great Wall three stars because of the obnoxious service I tend to experience when I'm there. Some of the staff are super nice, some are are just plain rude. Otherwise, Great wall is about the only Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant that I could tolerate in Arizona. I'm an extremely picky eater and coming from San Diego, I must say that this restaurant didn't disappoint me. It's busy every time I'm there, what I like the most about it is the quality is consistent. The Dim Sum is mediocre, it seems as though they add too much MSG nowadays. 

My favorite entrees so far,

- Shrimp fried rice
- Roasted  duck
- Orange Chicken
- Walnut shrimp
- Fried tofu
I'm disappointed to report that dinner last night was underwhelming. Maybe the time to go is for Dim Sum.

Pros: *a huge dining space
           *a huge menu
           *a good selection of vegetarian options
           *Pepsi products, including Mt. Dew

Cons: *fish tanks with dead or dying seafood (isn't the point to keep     them alive?) I nearly squealed when I saw they had geoduck, which I have always wanted to try, but then was repulsed when I saw the glazed eyes of the red fish all around them in the same tank.
            *too many servers for each customer. I think we had a different person bring us each item. Doesn't this add to the confusion when there is already a language barrier? There were several errors made (I was brought the wrong entree, they forgot our soup, etc.).

I know we'll try Great Wall again, and here's hoping that someday, some restaurant can replace our beloved Big Wong. Maybe Great Wall will grow on us...
Meh.  Just meh.  OK - maybe Dim Sum is something special, but random Tuesday night menu fare is not so good.  We spent way too much money for awfully bland food.  I mean, it wasn't BAD, it just wasn't great.  I can say we won't be going back to order off the menu...  I may give it another try for Dim Sum.  Maybe.
Disappointing.  Some of the food that should have been served hot was actually cold and must have been sitting in the cart for too long.  Would not go back again.
My dad and I decided to try Great Wall because he had heard many reviews about the place and everyone insisted that you had to come try the Dim Sum.  Since I was in town visiting, it gave us the perfect excuse to go.

I'm happy to report that the experience was most excellent at Great Wall and that it lived up to the hype.  Upon getting there, we were given a number to wait as the restaurant was completely full, there were probably 150+ people there dining, however, we were seated within 15 minutes.  As soon as we  sat down, the carts started rolling by with various plates of items to try.

The pancake, shu mai, shrimp, duck, and sliced beef inside a wrapper are highly recommended, all were excellent.  I did have a bit of trouble taking the shrimp out of the steam container because their rice wrappers were sticking a bit, but that does happen.

I would advise that if you have an allergy to shrimp that you make sure to ask the server what is in some of the items because they do come with shrimp, including their egg rolls.  Since my dad has a shrimp allergy we did have to watch for that.  I did want to try their egg rolls but I would have been the only one eating them, and they were big enough to make a meal in itself.

The sliced duck was one of the best I have had at a restaurant, well cooked with crispy tasty skin, and not too many bones to get in the way, and very reasonably priced at $6.25 for a plate.  Most other Dim Sum plates are $2.25 or $3.15 so you can end up eating a lot for a very reasonable price.

If you love Dim Sum and are willing to wait a few minutes for a table, but you will get fast service afterward, this really is the place you want to go to.  There are still so many more dishes to try as well, but that will be for another trip.
Well I went to try the wall and feel like I got hit with it. I did not go for the dim sum. Not a huge fan of dim sum. We went to have something on the regular menu. The restaurant is huge. It was busy the entire time we were there. Many of the patrons were Asian which in my opinion is always a very good sign when dinning in an oriental restaurant. The staff is friendly and very attentive. I think we had 5 different people serving us. 

I went to try the walnut shrimp with mayonnaise. Some call it crystal shrimp others mayonnaise shrimp. One of my fellow yelpers had mentioned it was her favorite here. So I had to try it out. Well it was ok, the walnuts were odd almost praline. The shrimp seemed on the verge of being undercooked and a couple of the shrimp were not cleaned well. That just stopped me in my tracks and I couldn't finish. I guess I have been spoiled by my beloved Gina (Big Wong) her walnut shrimp with mayonnaise was incredible! 

We also tried the fried rice and was not impressed here either it was very bland no flavor at all. They served a mountain of it but it just didn't have any taste to it. The egg rolls were crisp yet greasy, they were small and the inside was mush almost liquefied. My friend experienced the same problem with her dish under seasoned. 

It was a little like dinning in an Asian old folk's home; you know no salt everything bland, edible just not appetizing. : ) I really wanted to like this place. I will not be back.
Best dim sum in the valley.
My friend took me to Great Wall last night. I read few reviews on Yelp when I got there. Krestin B's review worried me a bit, but oh well, I was already there. 

Big place. We sat in the corner away from big party. (Asians could get loud sometimes when they are in group...) I noticed the fish tank in the back. Didn't go back there to take a close look, but they seemed to be all swimming ;p

My friend ordered BBQ Pork right away. Crispy and yummy. Little bit on the salty side. First lady that came to our table for drink did not speak any English. I wish I had paid more attention in Chinese class... Anyways, we ordered Sizzling mixed seafood, spicy eggplant, and hot and sour soup.  

Right after we ordered, I saw a man grabbing fish from a tank. mmmm, live fish... Can't get any fresher than that. Soup came out first, of course. Very good. Just the right amount of spicy and lots of chunks (veggies) in it. Even though I wanted to eat the whole bowl, I only had 1 cup, so I can eat the rest to come. Here comes Eggplant. To be honest, I didn't know he had ordered it til it came out. Love the sauce. Eggplant was crisp on the outside, yet nice and mushy on the inside. Brown sauce was very tasty. When I had few bites of eggplant, Sizzling seafood plate came out. It was sizzling ;p Seafood with white sauce. Again, sauce was excellent. Squid was little over cooked. Very tough and chewy. Broccoli and snow peas weren't over-cooked so it was crunchy. I liked the sauce so much I took leftover sauce home with rice... 

After we were done stuffing ourselves, check and fortune cookie came out. My friend asked for a orange instead. I was told by my friend that if you're not an asian, you don't get oranges. They said it was too sour for American taste buds. We got them anyway ;p

I can see why Krestin B said it was blend. It was flavored towards Asian taste. The real Asian food is not supposed to be very seasoned. You go to Panda express and they salt the crap out of your food, that's called Americanized. Asian foods are very mild in flavor. I hate to serve something and they drench in soy sauce. 

Anyways, don't forget to ask for oranges if they don't give it to you.
Great dim sum with all the classic favorites from ha gua to duck feet.  The place is huge so the wait isn't bad.  The servers are also really nice which is hard to come by.  For Chinese restaruants, they usually have good food and bad service or bad food and good service.  Great Wall has both.
What a treat to have such good dim sum.  The variety is great, the food is tasty and reasonable in price.  We were in Hong Kong last year and they have stopped serving from carts.  It's nice to see that the tradition has not been lost in the US.  Stand out items would include any of the dumplings.  I would avoid the congee though.  Usually restaurant congee is fantastic, this was the same as you can make at home.

I'm normally a taco shop only kind of guy when I go home to Arizona, but I would definitely spend some calories here.
I've been to both the evening, regular service, and the mid-day dim sum.  Visited 3 times in total and was never disappointed!  The food is excellent, quality Chinese food and not just decent fast-food-esque Chinese.  Dim sum is also very cheap -for $20, 3 of us had plenty to eat and even took home leftovers.

The only possible downsides are that the dim sum is not a place for vegetarians.  Also, an Asian friend of mine was a little bothered that all the servers directed their questions to her and kind of ignored me and another white girl.  I blew it off because that was par for the course in Japan and I'm used to it.  It's not worth fussing about when the food is so good. :)
Great Dim Sum!! It's very popular and my wife and I find it THE PLACE to be after early church on Sunday. There are so many dishes that it's hard to find a favorite. The do serve noodles and rice is a rarity, if at all. We come every Sunday. Great food!! Try the chrysanthemum tea which is next to impossible to find anywhere else.  You have to ask for it though or else you'll get the standard jasmine tea.  Otherwise just sit back and enjoy
We came here on a Sunday morning on recommendation from the waitresses at Asian Hong Kong restaurant. This place was a ZOO!! I'm used to seeing big crowds outside of dim sum restaurants but this place was SO unorganized and chaotic. There were 4 of us and we agreed to share a big table with another group of 4 to cut down on the wait time. After being seated for over 20 minutes and not one waiter coming by to take our tea order, my mom had to chase on down near the back of the restaurant.

The tea was too strong but most of the food was good. The haw gow (steamed shrimp dumplings), spare ribs with black bean sauce, jook (rice porridge), nor mi gai (ti leaf wrapped rice with chicken), and taro crisps were all good. The disappoints came from the sweet sesame balls and don tot (egg custard tarts) which we had to chase down a waiter again to procure.

Overall, I'd say give this place a try but perhaps during the week to avoid this chaos.
I decided to grab dim sum after I watched Bizarre on the food channel and Andrew was in China eating all these delicious Chinese dim sim. Typically, I go to Golden Buddha in the Chinese Cultural center, but I was recommended that Great Wall has better dim sum. 

Please keep in mind that I admit, I went during the end of the rush (1:00pm) on a Sunday so I had appropriate expectations. However, there was only 2 carts going around trying to sell their leftovers from the rush and was really disappointed. We ordered the chicken feet, pork bun, hak-kwah, bok choy and it was just okay. In fact, I would have to say it was quite bland and the sauce on some of the dishes were salty and tasteless. The chicken feet I usually get is cut into pieces and not battered but the way they served it at the Great Wall, compromised my gag reflex. I am not one to be shy of eating different parts of animals, in fact ox tail is one of my favorite meat but my stomach could not handle their chicken feet. 

I would assume we would have received better service and tastier food if we had gotten there a little earlier but I think I am going to stick with my usual place. Flagging the carts down continuously was a little more stressful than what I want when eating dim sum.
I might be bias but it's only coz my family and I have been regulars at the Chinese dim sum joint since the late 90s. At one time it was Great Wall vs C-Fu in Chandler and now with the emergence of more Asian power centres, as well as an influx of Asians into the city, there are more dim sum places like Phoenix Palace by Lee Lee, Golden Buddha in the Cofco Center, China King in Chandler, and China Chan up north. 

This place in my opinion is pretty good, and cheap. You just have to know when to go. The best time is at 11 on Sunday. Anytime after that expect a long wait, and before that (dim sum begins at 10a) it's ok but all the good stuff and most popular items and specials come out at around 11:30 in time for the rush. If you come in after 1. Expect alot of popular stuff gone =( . I'm partial to this place because my family has developed a good relationship with the servers at this place. We're not the typical dim sum diners since we also order certain items from the menu in addition to dim sum. I like their beef chow fun w/o gravy or the seafood chow fun with gravy but no fish. The salt and pepper squid is decent, and totally not a fan of the Chinese Brocolli with oyster sauce on the carts so we order the Chinese Brocolli with garlic sauce, much better and way yum! We also order a la carte so we can get rice with our meal because rice with your dim sum makes it better. Oh, and if you order roast pork, order it off the menu and not on the cart, it's a better cut and less fatty. And that calamari on the cart is not the same as the salt and pepper squid. 

So when I'm craving some shu mai, char siu pao, bbq pork buns, steamed bean curd, and sugar cake, i head over to Great Wall for sunday brunch... and love the endless refills of jasmine tea! see ya at Great Wall!
Maybe it's a medical student thing, but I've been hearing about dim sum at Great Wall since shortly after I started school here in AZ.  This was my first experience with it and, after all I heard, I wasn't unimpressed.  When you show up somewhere on an off night and there's still a wait of around 20 minutes, you know that something delicious is inside.

From the moment my group and I were seated at one of the huge round tables inside, foodstuffs of all sorts kept appearing on our table.  I have almost no recollection of the various things my palate was treated to during the course of that meal, but I know I enjoyed pretty much everything on the carts that we pointed to and said "I'll try that".

So why only 3 stars?  The biggest reason was simply that I felt it wasn't worth what was paid for it.  There were 5 people at our table, true, but I still remember looking at the bill and wondering just how expensive each of those little tins were.  On top of that, nothing stood out as at all noteworthy.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was strikingly good either.  It was a big filling meal of better-than-generic asian cuisine.

Worth going to again, but I'm not running.
I'm surprised to see this got only 30-something reviews.  Well at any rate, this is probably the best Chinese spot in Phoenix as many people flock over here from all over the Valley.  This place has been open for many, many years!

Both Dinner and Dim Sum time gets super busy.  So as a fellow Asian, I recommend.
THE dim sum place of the West side.  Also where most (especially traditional) Asians will hold their wedding or celebratory banquets, due to size and well liked food.
Oh how I love Dim Sum!  If you feel the same I would recommend you folks attend Great Wall.   It's hard to find good Dim Sum around the valley, but I believe Great Wall is definitely one of those gem of a place we should appreciate for Dim Sum.  Decor is your typical large Chinese restaurant look - red, gleamy gold and x-mas lights here and there.  Don't forget the fish tank too; no! it's not a decoration, you pick a fish and they cook it!  You know a good Chinese restaurant for Dim Sum when you go and you feel like you're in Chinatown - Enjoy!
I have enjoyed the restaurant for many years. It has been consistent. Dim Sum is delicious and dinner is great. But I'm from southern California. So comparison can be deadly.

The authenticity is definitely much better than Golden Buddha in quality by a thousand miles. The service is much better than C-Fu, and there is no service charge. There are no surprises and I like it. I have a few dinner gatherings here and I hear no complaint but the desire to return.

It can get busy during dim sum time, like weekends. I have seen small crowd still waiting by 1 PM. We've waited for 10 min at 11 AM recently.

I always try Har Gaw skin/rice crepe, chicken feet, and egg tart crust to determine the chef's expertise. They pass.

Diner enjoy... a little of dimth and sum more... and they offer coconut pudding. Yummy.
My husband and I have eaten at great dim sum restaurants in San Fran and even great chinese eateries around the country but Great Wall is definitely a place that should not be looked over in the greater Phoenix area. The place it ALWAYS jam packed for dim sum on the weekends so don't be surprised if you have to wait a while for a table, but well worth the wait for sure. 

Last night we decided to try their regular menu and we were not at all disappointed! We actually have the dinner for 2: 1 egg roll and crab puff per person, wonton soup (a HUGE bowl with the best wontons i've ever had!), sweet and sour pork, chicken chow mein (again my husband and I both agreed this was the best chow mein we had ever eaten) and Fried Rice. It was BEYOND enough food for 2 people and was $9/person :) Everything that came out of the kitchen looked delicious...it won't be the last time with go there for dinner....though we LOVE the dim sum too:)
Let me start off by saying that "Oriental" does not pertain to people so, unless you want to get punched in the face, I suggest you refrain from using that word. Secondly, if you plan on visiting an authentic Chinese restaurant, expect them to speak very little English. It's no different than if you were to visit a Mexican restaurant and most everyone can only speak Spanish; it's a given.

With that said, the food here is the best it can get in the Metro Phoenix area for the price. I've been to other dim sum places in Chandler and they never compare to Great Wall. We go here at least once a week to get our shu mai fix and we make sure to bring friends along. Today, there were eight of us and we spent $40 (that's $5 per person for the mathematically challenged). 

Make sure to order a few shu mai (shrimp/pork dumpling), har gao (shrimp dumpling) and rice cake before they get snagged by other hungry patrons. They also have the best custard buns around.
Came here for dinner on a weeknight. My brother in law just returned from a trip to China, and said that the food here was very reminiscent of the food served in China. Everyone was stuffed, it was so delicious! Thanks yelp, for leading us to another great find!
1. Get there by 10am on Sundays!
2. Seaweed Salad is awesome!
3. Order the oolong tea with the meal, your tummy will thank you.
4. Shrimp dumplings, roasted pork, congee, bbq sweet buns, the shrimp and leek rolls ...all awesome
5. Feeling adventurous...chicken feet, tripe, warm tofu with sugar syrup..
Very tasty, authentic dim sum restaurant
Kinda like tapas with small dishes
Steam push carts are wheeled around the restaurant
You point to what you like to have placed on ur table
Bad, old decor. Was afraid to go ladies room but was clean.
Even worse customer service, almost nonexistent

The steam push cart ladies were nice but no English or Chinese
Apparantly some are other ethnicity
If on budget, to feel full those little dishes add up. 

Visited with family of 8 towards end of a busy wkend brunch 
We are seriously easy to serve ppl
We were constantly looking around the huge dining rm for service.
We had to ask several times to different ppl for tea refills, condiments.
So frustrating I was losing my temper on a nice brunch w family.
.
If you really dont mind, super bad service, 
then the food is good.
Well lets just say I'm not impressed and I will go back one more time to try dim sum, but so far this place has pretty average food and mostly tastes like it comes out of a mix. The dinning room is large and utilitarian but not very fancy but that don't make food good either LOL. Portions are small and the rice is inedible and not very tasty.  Service was poor and infrequent. All in all I do not recommend this place
1st visit to Great Wall - a friend who owned a restaurant in Shenzhen took me there - he's fluent in the language; i'm not.  He did the ordering, all I remember is the clams w/black bean sauce was great.
Next 10 visits to Great Wall - all for dim sum.  Agreed need to get there before 11:30 on Saturdays and 10AM on Sundays.  But don't go too late; food isn't as good as the morning.  Always need my "stretchy" pants (really don't own stretchy pants).  I always have to eat with a rice bowl; that's how I grew up in our family.  All the dumplings are fantastic, chicken feet is good, BBQ pork buns are great, egg custard, chinese vegetable all great, eggplant with shrimp (be sure it's hot) same with green pepper with shrimp.  Wow, need to go back soon!!!
I think I have a discerning taste for dimsum being Asian and all so it's hard to find a really good dimsum place in Phoenix.  A friend recommended this place and it's pretty decent.  I can't say it's the best I ever had but I'd say pretty decent for Phoenix standards.  The only place I have to compare this place to though is the Golden Buddah @ the Chinese Cultural Center and I'd say Great Wall is definitely better.  

We got there at 10am and were seated immediately.  However, they didn't have all the selections out until close to when we left, around 10:45.  It was disappointing but the foods we did have were good.
Got there at 11am on a Sunday, it was packed to the gills. WOW! I should have listened to Michele M. We ordered shrimp dumplings, roasted pork, bbq steamed buns, turnip cakes, shrimp egg rolls, chicken feet, spare ribs, steam sticky rice with meats, fried tofu, egg tarts, etc... Everything was good. This is the best dim sum you can get in Phoenix.
A very good place to go for dimsum.
I think the dim sum was pretty good but their service was alright.  for some reason they seemed pissed off when they were pushing the dim sum cart.....
I came here for dim sum on a Thursday at around 1 pm just recently.  Thursdays are not typical days for dim sum and 1 pm is pretty late to start dim sum, so I figured it would not be too busy.  However, I was wrong.  There were a good amount of people either finishing up their meals or coming into have a late lunch.  A good sign, I thought, given the location of this place.  It is located in a small run down strip mall in Phoenix, somewhat "out of the way."  I didn't see much else around besides the strip mall and a Fresh and Easy. 

The dim sum was comprable to China King's.   But I think I have a slight preference for China King's dim sum and China King is slightly less expensive in comparison.  Definitely better in quality and freshness compared to Golden Buddha.

I cannot say anything about any of their non dim sum dishes, but they seem to be quite popular for a particular clam dish in a dark brown (perhaps oyster) sauce.  Looking around, many of the diners had ordered this dish and were thoroughly enjoying it.  Maybe an option for my next visit.  

All in all, I will say this is one of the best places for dim sum in AZ that I have visited so far, along with China King.
Went for dim sum and enjoyed it immensely.  The worst thing about it was the wait staff wasn't very attentive and didn't do much except refill the cups when they noticed they were low (which wasn't very often).  The dim sum was plentiful and there was a lot of variety - however, unless you watch for the carts that just came out of the kitchen and only order off that one there's a good chance you'll get lukewarm or cold food.  I couldn't eat the ice cold duck and ended up taking it home and microwaving it later.  If they would just work on the heat issue and the wait staff, I think they have a shot with the city slickers.  ;)
I'm back. I met up with a good friend there for Dim Sum lunch on Monday.

I'm still impressed with the simple pleasure in life. It's still better than Golden Buddha and C-Fu Gourmet. The clients were still mostly Asians. Thank Buddha. The price was still higher than those in southern CA, $2.39 for a small dish.

So diners, it's still the best choice of dim sum for me in Arizona.
This place is old school.  i.e. you don't come here for the service, or the ambiance (especially since it's in a scary part of town).  You come for the food.  Come with a group of friends, whether for dim sum or a late night dinner.  You need a group of people, I hate coming here when its just mean and three others.  I like to taste and sample lots of goodies.  They have great live seafood (a must in my book) where you can walk by and see what looks good that day.  Be brave and check it out!
This must be a dim sum hot spot because we had to wait 20 minutes or more for a table.  I was weary after stepping in to this dingy place but the crowds of Asians reassured me that it must be ok.
The carts were few and far between. I wasn't impressed. Maybe I was so hungry and crabby by the time we got seated.  Who knows? 
Nothing stood out as great or horrible.  So, take your chances and try their dim sums.
Not the best dim sum in the world but pretty good and reasonably priced ($7 per person for 4 with hungry eaters at lunch). If you go at "awkward" times they sometimes will only be able to serve steamed items but the myriad choices are fun to share for picky eaters and the adventurous alike. Love the chicken feet and some sort of shrimp dumplings!
I've been eating here for so many years that I have lived in AZ. It's the spot to go to when I feel like having some dim sum and chinese food, also since the place is 5 minutes from my home ^_^. The waiters there are also very nice and funny. 
I have been to other dim sum places in AZ, and I still feel this is the best in AZ. They have the best chicken feet, which is very soft.  Must also try their ba'nh uot w/shrimp. There are weekend where dim sum can be very busy, so gotta come early and take a number if you don't want to wait long. 
As for the chinese dishes, I recommend the pepper steak, the meat is very tender and chewy. Their shrimps with cashew are also very good.
Great Wall is the only place to have dim sum in Phoenix now. We've been coming to Great Wall for dim sum since I was a wee lil girl. Back then, there was another place to go to which I favored more, but is now closed. The food here is decent, but definitely not the best. I'm not sure if its because I've been spoiled by Vegas' dim sum, but everything just didn't have flavor. I think the best way to go is to order take out, that way you don't have to wait for a cart to pass you by just to find out that they don't have the turnip cake you were looking for or the sesame balls. We ordered to go this time since it was easier for everyone to just eat at my Grandma's. It was ready by the time we got there. Overall, the food is ok, but I guess for the only dim sum joint in Phoenix, it's pretty dang great.
I had an old review. I'm gonna update the dim sum section.

I met up with a friend for dim sum after 2 PM on Sunday. There were still enough selections to make us happy.

Chicken feet, shrimp dumpling, pork dumpling, baked BBQ buns, Shrimp rice crepe, and egg tarts still tasted good.

The price was still reasonably ($2.19 for small now) by today's standard in major cities... $12 total each double occupancy. Usually it's $17 each double occupancy.
Best advice I can give you about Great Wall is to BYOA. 

Yep.

I said it. Bring your own Asian. 

Thankfully our group of 10 had two. It was critical in navigating the ENORMOUS amounts of food and certainly critical in deciding which things the gringos could handle.

Thumbs up to postickers, egg rolls, chow mein noodles, shui mai and other various dumplings. 

And a big phew for a tutorial on how to eat fresh shrimp. "Peel off the shell, suck out the brains and then eat the rest."

Yep. 

This is where I swig down a cold Tsing Tao

And the chickens feet. Oh for the love. The freakin' chicken feet. "Just suck off the skin and throw the foot back on the plate."

Yep.

BYOA! I'm telling ya.

I had a BLAST. Carts were everywhere. Service was friendly and swift. Ten of us ate and ate and ate for $200 including tip. Oh. Also one of my Asian American diners informed me that the one man pushing the "porridge" cart only stops at the white people tables because the "porridge" is absolutely frightening to see. Sure enough. He stopped by our tables and scooted quickly by those tables full of Asians. 

I love a place with a sense of humor. 

Great food. Great fun. Great Wall.
Dim Sum in Phoenix is like asking for rain in the desert.  It's few and far between, and you settle for finding water rather than asking for rain.  As far as dim sum goes, Great Wall is one of the best you'll find in Phoenix; it ain't the rain, but it's good water.  They have a line-up if you're not there early (a good sign), serve all the basic dim sum dishes using the traditional cart service.  Not the best dim sum I've ever had - but then, I've had dim sum worldwide - but certainly good considering this is the desert.  Within Phoenix I'd give it a 5 star, but my rating system is based on what I've tried worldwide in my many travels - so only 4 stars.  If you're in Phoenix and looking for Dim Sum, this is one of the few good watering holes around that can satisfy that thirst.
The worse service.
My first dim sum experience.

Ahhhhh.

Can I just say I was intimidated by the massive amount of cars in the parking lot? Jiminy Christmas!

Luckily, the wait wasn't too long before entering the dim sum paradise.

The staff was friendly. Not too good at describing what the food was like, but there's the adventuresome part for ya. 

Some standouts: the sesame pastries with the red bean paste and the coconut filling; the pork shui mai, the calamari, and the broccoli.

My most adventurous try? The jellyfish salad. Not gross, but not something I'm inclined to try again.

Yum yum!

I will be back...
-Soooooper oily, straight inedible softshell crab
-cold, dry roast pork
-cold, soggy skin roast chicken
-oily pan fried noodles
-cold chinese broccoli

Saving graces were the rice noodle, which is hard to fuck up, the kongee, and the coconut bread

won't be back
Solid, solid, solid Chinese! Period. If you are looking for authentic or close to--low and behold, the Great Wall! 

If you don't believe me, come here on the Weekends between 10am and 12pm.  The sheer number of folks trying to find seats and the hustling and bustling from the staff would easily overwhelm your craving thoughts!

Dim Sum is the alternative to the usual brunch of waffles and hash browns.  Why have a sausage link when you can suck on chicken feet? Don't worry, not everything is that exotic.  Most items they carry are very feasible and safe.

Dinner is also another epic adventure in itself! The menu is very extensive and could take you a couple of hours to finally decide on something.  Or you can make it easier for your party by asking for the family menu that contains a set of items they recommend.  This route is typically cheaper and feed more if you have a large group.  If you are adventurous, ask for the family menu that is Chinese! Can't read, server can help translate.

Seafood is always fresh as they have live tanks in the restaurant.  Service is usually quick.  It always amazes me how fast I get my food sometimes!

I used to come here a lot for wedding receptions and other festivities.  Do not be surprised if you arrive and half the dining space is occupied.

I would come here over those buffets any day of the week.  I would recommend dining with a large group to not only help with the cost but be able to chow on more dishes.
DIM SUM!!!!!!! Some days are phenomenal; other days are just mediocre, but the former is what keeps me going back. I started to write out all the things that I would recommend, but I really don't know the English terms. Just eat all the dumplings and you're golden! Oh, and don't forget the "gai mai bao", the golden coconut filled buns that are elongated in shape. You WILL see someone you know here -- if you befriend anyone in the Asian community, that is.

My family comes here regularly for the dinner options as well, but it's pretty average and becomes quite irritating if there's a karaoke wedding reception going on. Consider volume control before 8pm guys!
From pork dumplings, fried eggplant, duck, softshell crab! What a variety. Took a while for the carts to roll our way but the place was packed on a Saturday at 11:30 and a line when we left. Authentic Dim Sum - you wont get a lot of help or translation so know what your in for aand have fun. The duck was the only dissapointment- had to hunt for the meat. The second cart coming around looked better- so hit or miss on that Im sure. They are open 11 - 11 and 1am Saturday.
I thought this place would be Great when I pulled up and there were a ton of people outside on Sunday morning 11ish! Upon going inside I saw that 95% of the patrons were Chinese. To me, that was an even better sign. Then the food started coming and coming and coming..... 9 dishes later, the two of us were fat and HAPPY! The food was great and all the servers that came by our table had warm, personable attitudes. Oh yeah, we will be going back!
Dim sum in phoenix.  What can you really complain about?  Average everytime.  It is obviously not going to match the quality that you will get from chinatown in SF.  Shrimp dumplings, shiu mai, and bbq pork buns are typical dim sum food.  Get those and you cant really go wrong unless you feel adventurous.  Then try any since many are good too depending on the person's taste.
Great Wall is all about seating. I have been there, gotten a great table and been visited by the dim sum carts promptly and frequently. I have also been seated at the large round tables on the front wall of the restaurant and watched for more than 30 minutes as dim sum carts paraded through the rest of the space and never once breezed by our table. And when you are finally starving to death and watching a party of 6 who literally just sat down start ordering off a cart, don't think you can walk over and try to carry anything away, because the servers will not have it. You will return to your table hungry and sad, wishing you had driven to Chandler for the cornucopia of dim sum carts that is Phoenix Palace Buffet.

The food is fine, the service is below average, but if you see them leading you to a front wall table, just run.
Just as many other locals have said, this is one of the best if not the best in the valley for Dim Sum. Having had Dim Sum in many major cities, I don't want to compare them with this place since it simply isn't fair. 
This is as authentic as you can get in Phoenix. Judging by how packed this place gets, I would say many people agree. Basic rule of thumb is that if there is a crowd of Asian people waiting outside in the heat to get a table, chances are the place is good and pretty darn authentic. Fyi, be prepared to wait and listen carefully for your ticket number.

I can't begin to describe the dishes as I don't know how to translate them exactly. Dim sum is as much as an experience as it is the food, especially for people new to it. If you're adventurous, just pick whatever looks good to you. If you're more risk-averse, hopefully you know a dim sum chaperon to serve as your culinary sherpa. In case that you don't have a guide, then just stick to anything that looks like a dumpling or bun for starters. Eventually, the deliciousness will drive out the fear of the unknown and you'll be more willing to try other dishes.

Whenever I'm jonesin' for some dim sum in Phoenix, this is the place.
Great dim sun, fast and friendly service.
The food was ten star. The service was so bad I would have felt justified in not leaving a tip. I'm not sure why it was so bad, maybe because we were the only non Asian people in the place. There are not words for how poor the service was, but so so yummy. I will most likely go back.
we have since gone back for dim sum. The food was tasty still though a bit heavy on the shell fish options. The service was miles above the previous time, which is why the stars went up.
I was having work done on my car at Japanese Automotive, and Don over there recommended the Great Wall for lunch. It wasn't very busy, and we actually didn't even see the restaurant at first. We were finally able to spot it, so we parked and went in. On our way up to the front door, my stepdad noticed that there were no windows, just a great wall ;)

Now, it doesn't exactly look like much, but we had excellent service and the food was very good. We all had iced tea, and I think they were over giving us refills before we could even realize we needed any more. It also looked like they did some fun stuff during busier times, and seemed like it could be more than just a restaurant. I'm sure the regular customers have a great time if anything special and fun happens :)

Also, while the main area of the restaurant looked pretty standard, I was pleasantly surprised when I went to the restroom. I wasn't expecting such a nice restroom there! They must have recently remodeled at least the men's restroom, as I cannot speak about what the women's restroom looks like. :P

Overall, we had a nice lunch and a great experience there. The price was also very good!
Finally made it out to Great Wall for dim sum. I've been hearing so much about this place but I am hardly ever in this area so it was sitting in my "to try" list for quite some time. Walking in, I thought, this is gonna be legit. The place was packed to the rim with asian people waiting to get their dim sum on. The decor and vibe reminded me a lot of dim sum restaurants in LA's chinatown circa 1990's (ABC seafood to be exact). 

We didn't have to wait long before we were seated. We tried their sui mai, shrimp rice noodle, deep fried shrimp and chives wrapped in bean curd, and honestly I forgot the rest because it was all nothing memorable and I usually have a great memory. The chives and shrimp bean curd roll was probably my favorite of the bunch but I'm a sucker for any dumpling, cake, roll with chives :) It was something I haven't seen at other dim sum restaurants before so I enjoyed that.

In summary, it was okay. It satisfied my dim sum craving but... would I come back? Probably not. I live in Chandler and I find my two go-to dim sum spots there (Phoenix Palace & China King) much tastier. && I only have to drive 5 minutes to get there. Actually, if I lived near Great Wall, I'd probably make the drive to Phoenix Palace. Yep.. I think it's that much better!
Good real Chinese food.
Food was good, especially for my very first time being here. Theme seemed very authentic chinese, even though I never had authentic chinese food. Price was moderate, but service could use some work.
I went on a weekday a little before lunch time for some dim sum.  The place had maybe 8 tables occupied.  We were seated quickly.  There were more dim sum carts than there were workers.  Since I didn't know the name of some of the items of I wanted, I ended up using my iphone to show the waiters a picture of the food.  A lot of the dim sum items were packed with meat, which ended up being too overwhelming for me.  The sticky rice seemed bland.  The daikon cubes were flavorless.  My favorite item would have to be the tripe.  I've had better luck at asian supermarkets that sold fast food dim sum.  Does AZ have anything like that?
Make sure you go early on the weekends, or be prepared to wait if you have a large group!  This place is very busy, but it is a large dining room and you should be seated fairly quickly if you are 2 or 4 people. The weekdays are less busy, but they don't always have that large of a selection. A nice variety of dim sum and they also have good bbq meats. Having grown up in Vancouver and SF, it is tough to get 5 star dim sum in AZ, but this place is good and they have the authentic girls going around with the carts.  I would recommend it if you are a dim sum fan visiting the PHX area, or craving dim sum and do not want to drive far. The place could use a facelift as it seems a bit dirty inside and the bathrooms are not that clean. This place was the only place I knew in PHX when I moved here that had dim sum, but now there seems to be plenty of others to try.
Why would you name a restaurant after a thing designed to keep people out? Just like china this place is huge inside, and even has tanks of live fish.

The menu is huge, and this is just the menu for the gringos. If you know Chinese there is a whole menu of family meals that you can order from. 

There are many vegetarian dishes not just the usual tofu and veggies, they have a large selection of exotic mushroom and veggie dishes.

I had the golden mushrooms with tofu $7.99 a house specialty. Mitake mushrooms a light brown sauce and huge pillow of soft fried tofu. It was nice ans somewhat light

We also had the black mushrooms with Chinese greens. $9.99 This dish had a very earthy taste and the greens were very fresh but hard to eat with chopsticks.

Another great dish was the veggie hotpot that had some really interesting textures along with the noodles and veggies. 

Service was a bit lack luster, but maybe that was due to the wedding in the other side. 

The shopping center it is in is a bit run down too so you are assured you are paying for quality food and not the building. 


Bottom line great selection good flavors good value mediocre service.
I was fortunate to have a good friend take me to this little gem of a place last Sunday.  When we arrived around 12 the place was packed with a decently long wait.  This didn't realy bother me because it likely meant that the place was legit.  I never see a chinese restaurant with a wait.  Also large asian population of patrons which is also a good sign.  This was only the second time I had experienced dim sum.  It was an awesome experience and everything I had was soooo good, even though most of what I put into my mouth I had no idea what I was eating.  Didn't care.  This place is fantastic and I can't wait to come back and try more things or even their takeout menu.  Most authentic chinese food I've found in AZ thus far.
I love this place a lot!! even though I have to come early to try to get the table. The first time I was here was the Chinese New Year weekend and we had to wait for an hour for the table. However the food were so good until we forgot how long we have to wait for table.

Since then I came early around 11am to my favorite dishes. Some times we got lots of plates on our table but we still wanted more. Enjoy the food so much and I could not believe that the price is quite good too (not break my bank).
The fried crunchy fish was SO GOOD, along with the fried tofu w/ the soy sauce. I couldn't stop eating the fish no joke. It is just that good. I can't eat shell fish so this place would be perfect for lobster and crab lovers because it is one of their main dish! I usually come here for dim sum too! The ladies that push the cart are really attentive. The price is just right! I came here the day after thanksgiving with a party of 12? The bill came out to be less than 80 dollars during dim sum hours. MUST TRY THIS PLACE. However, the one thing I don't like is, they don't ever bring enough water for everyone at the table and that they don't give us the yummy saute oil spicy peppers. We always go up and get it ourselves.
Who knew in midst all of the Mexican restaurants, you'd find a diamond in the rough for Chinese food.  Arizona doesn't have many Chinese restaurants to begin with, however this place rivals the places in CA.  It's not the place for ambience or mood, but the food is the most important for the Chinese and this place is great for dinner or dim sum.  
 
Notes for ordering dishes:
I loved the garlic pea sprouts/shoots.  Not all Chinese restaurants this vegetable, but this place makes have it fresh and crunchy and just enough garlic flavor to give it that extra pizzazz.  What I noticed is that this place serves unique fried noodles.  Perfect for vegetarians, this place actually cooked crispy fried noodles unlike most other Chinese restaurant that just comes out with soggy noodles.  Another dish I recommend is their spiced salt tofu. (jiao yan tofu).  Well anything with the spiced salt (jiao yan).  They deep fry the small pieces of tofu or whatever other "jiao yan" producing a crunchy crust and mix it with a salty seasoning and jalapenos.  Great for an appetizer!  My family and I also had their steamed whole fish.  Light flavor and prepared beautifully with the entire moist fish out on the table.  Just the sauce and rice alone tastes just as good.  Be sure to try their walnut shrimp.  Be sure you have a big mouth to fit one of these jumbo shrimp in one bite.  The sauce covering the shrimp has just the right amount of tanginess and sweetness that I'm looking for without being too thick.  And the sweet crunchy walnut complements the dish as well.
Ordering the right dishes can make or break your experiences.  For this restaurant, be sure to pick seafood, their specialty.  They have live fish, crabs, etc in clear tanks so you can pick out your dinner victim.  And of course pick fried anything, especially with their spiced salt (jiao yan).

Notes for dim sum:
Great Wall actually has a unique set of dim sum choices that you can't find anywhere in the valley (at least the Chinese dim sum places I've been to).  Although it's a bit more expensive than the other places in the valley I've been to, but it does taste better overall.  Even the basic dim sum dishes like shrimp dumplings, shumai, and chicken feet simply taste better and I would even say taste better than some CA restaurant.  Who'd thought?  Because the dishes are small, you can try many of them and of course I would go for the fried stuff.  :-) However be careful.  Keep your eye out for the moving carts, if what you want has been sitting there for a while, wait for a new batch.  Cold Chinese food just doesn't taste as well.  Only the tin dishes that are covered are fine, because their still hot after the servers make their rounds.  Go on the weekend for a wider selection and be prepared to have a wait.  But the wait isn't that bad compared to some places I've been to in CA.  Great to go with a medium sized party so you can taste more variety, but not have to wait a long time for a table.

Overall, this is a great place to get great Chinese food if you live in the valley and don't want to make a 6hr journey to LA just for good Chinese food (which I have done before).
Great Wall provides a large menu and a clean dining room with a lot of seating. There are two sections for seating in the Dim Sum area. I was ordering off the lunch menu and chose to sit separately. The menu provides a lot large selection of typical Chinese food. I didn't see a General Tso (my favorite) option on the lunch menu, but I went with Sesame Chicken.  The lunch special was $5.50 and included an egg flower soup, egg roll with mustard and sweet & sour dipping sauces, rice, and a good portion of chicken. It was crisp and had a good flavor, but was a little bit salty. 

A server came by with a cart asking if I wanted dessert. There were several options available, but I did not select any (I wasn't sure if it was included or extra, so I passed).

All in all, Great Wall was a good and low-priced, good service option for a Chinese food. The staff was fast and friendly. With most restaurants in the area being Mexican, this is a good place to get quick Chinese.
The service needs improvement. While it may get busy at lunch time hey can do better. We had to flag down a server a couple times. The food portions are good but my rice tastes burnt. Also,the bathrooms are super clean. I may go back and try the dim some sometime
Went for Dim Sum on Sunday. What a treat! Loved the incredible assortment of dumplings, sticky cakes, duck, and deserts. Very reasonably priced. The bill for more than two of us could eat, including tea, was just over $18.
I've been looking for a good Chinese restaurant for almost 3 years since I moved from SF bay area. I had a dim sum lunch today and my tummy is happy, happy. It's a good sign that restaurant was crowded and I saw many Asian customers. I've been dreaming about eating dim sum for a long time. I had sticky rice, shumai, har gow, gailan and sesame balls. I love them all, can't wait to go there again. The price is very reasonable and very authentic. No more P.F Chang or Panda Express, lol
Don't eat here expecting any kind of service.
Keep track of your orders, they will "forget" a dish or two, but still charge you.

Otherwise, the food is fast, fresh, authentic, and one of the best places for large groups of people to eat dinner or dimsum.
I have eaten at the Great Wall a few times now but always part of a banquet or function. So this might not apply for a regular experience. Most of my Chinese friends and organizations have functions there so I am assuming that the local Chinese believe that this is good food.  Food is very good and plenty of it.  Love that creamy shrimp,carrots and walnut appetizer. Duck is good. Mushroom dish is very tasty. Service can be slow but when a couple of hundred are in the room, you can't expect them to be perfect. 

I have yet to try the dim sum but have heard from my Chinese friends that is the best in Phoenix.
Quality has gone down hill, dim sum is not good as it used to.  Greasy and low quality.  too bad bc I used to love this place.  My family has been going here for at least 8 or 10 years now.
MSG? I'm not sure. Dim Sum is expensive and insanely busy, a lot of the food comes out cold but is delicious. That aside, eating dinner here can be awesome. The lunch and dinner combo meals are a ferocious deal and your tummy and wallet will thank you (your thighs won't). 

The prices of entrees and appetizers are decent, with appetizer prices being high for a chinese restaurant and the entrees being on the lower end of average. The food in dining hours (non-dimsum) has always been spectacular with the exception of the last time I ordered when the meat was so old it had an odd stench and I couldn't even stomach it. That says a lot because mongolian beef is heavily seasoned! Yikes!  

The dead floating fish in the live fish tanks kind of killed my appetite on one occasion. I guess it says something that I continue to be a regular!
Best place in the valley for dim sum.  They are always consistent.  I've been coming here for over 10 years.  Since I'm allergic to MSG and dim sum always contains MSG, I often order off the menu and request no MSG.  I'll eat some of the dim sum and suffer the effects of MSG afterwards.  My dim sum favs - har gow, sui mai, char sui bao, and coconut dessert.  Dinner - best peking duck with the buns and steamed fish.  Overall, good place for chinese.
It's Saturday and we decided to go to Great Wall for dim sum. I had heard about this place from my cousin, but didn't have a chance to try it until today.  We got a late start and by the time we got to Great Wall it was close to 1 pm.  

The place is fairly spacious and we were seated right away. We noticed that they had a live fish tank with lobster, dungeness crab, assorted fish and even shrimp.

The bustling dim sum carts came to us pretty quickly. 

We tried the following items:

Steamed spareribs- small cubes of spareribs steamed in a black bean sauce. It was actually pretty tasty and not super fatty like some places. Would order this again.

Long noodle (churng fun) with shrimp-  the noodles were too thick for my liking even though the shrimp was nice and crunchy and it had a light soy sauce over it. Probably won't order this again unless the noodles are rolled out thinner.

Baked pork bun- these buns looked great, all nicely golden brown with a light layer of sticky syrup to give it a sheen. The bun itself is soft and tasty, but I had to take literally 4 bites of the bun to get any "char siu" or bbq pork filling. Slightly disappointing.

Cocktail bun- these buns seem to be quite popular, as the lady took one quick round trip around just half the room and they were gone. 3 buns come in one order. These are long shaped buns with some sesame on top. Inside are sweetened coconut filling and the bun is soft. A good combo and better than many other places I've tried.

Chinese tamale (jung) - A lotus leaf surrounds the savory goodness of rice, pork and green beans and chinese sausage (lap churng). They also have the option of peanuts instead of green beans if you want.

Fried taro puff-  Mashed up taro is stuffed with minced pork, green onions with 5 spice powder and fried up with this puffy coating. I thought the taro puff here was a bit harder or denser than some places I've tried.
 
Steamed shu mai- is perhaps one of the more famous Chinese dim sum items as it is steamed shrimp and pork dumpling. However, the shu mai at Great Wall is mediocre at best.  The shu mai is a bit denser than I am normally accustomed to and the skin falls off easily as you pick it out from the mini steamer.

Pan fried turnip cake- this was surprisingly better than expected. It was pan fried to a nice golden brown on both sides and you could taste the dried shrimp, lap churng and bits of turnip. Definitely recommend trying this.

Congee / Porrdige - we tried the 1000 year old egg with salted pork porridge and it was fine. Lots of chunks of egg and pork mixed in the porridge.

The bill came out to be a little over $27 for 3 people - not bad at all.

I haven't tried their dinner items so this review is just for their dim sum. Over all, one of the better places that I've encountered while visiting the Phoenix area. Would come back for dim sum again and will give this place a try for dinner sometime soon.
They get 5 stars because of dim sum and proximity to my house.  We've been 3 times, once during the weekend when every table was full but the variety of food was better.  If you've never had dim sum, you may be surprised by how infrequently the carts come by so load up on the first time by.  Don't hesitate to ask the server to lift the lid on every single item in the cart and don't feel pressured to get anything you don't want, no matter how many times the server asks you if you want chicken feet.  I like the har gow, shiu mai, fried shrimp egg roll, turnip cake, tofu skin stuffed with meat, noodles, soy sauce chicken, curry puff and anything that looks like a steamed dumpling and egg tarts for dessert.
This gem on 35th Avenue and Camelback is one of the most traditional Chinese restaurants (American) that I've ever been and the food is super delicious. Five stars, hands down.
i don't get it.  the first impression upon walking in is good: full of cantonese families, and it is a huge place that is completely full.  i expected big things with so many glowing reviews from  californians.  i don't even have  california standards.  i have midwest dim sum standards which is really low.

nothing is quite like i expect.  the tapioca wrapper that they use is not good.  too thick thereby ruining the har kow, fun guo, scallop dumplings, etc.  the pork rib is good but overpowered by sesame oil.  siu mai and sinh juk guen (fried/steamed bean curd wrapper filled with goodies) were fine but nothing spectacular.  the haam sui gok (fried glutinous rice filled with goodies) was the highlight as it was freshly fried and the filling was correct.

the variety is okay; hopefully they just ran out of some of the more common items we were looking for: egg tart, dofu fa, taro puff.

i don't get phoenix.  there are a ton of chinese people, chinese groceries are cheap and plentiful, lots of demand for chinese food.  why isn't it better here?  to be fair china king in chandler was decent when i went a year ago.
Great food!!!!!! Ate here for dimsum, the chicken feet are soo good, so delicious. the sauce is very good and they also have other varieties of food as well. will definitely come back again for dimsum
Smells like an Asian grocery store in here! Feels good man. Check out the fish tanks in the back--I like to know my seafood was freshly beheaded mere minutes before landing on my plate.

So far, I've sampled the dim sum. Pork shu mai all day--it's legit! Perfectly marinated pork AND heavily spiced shrimp...when I return, I'll try my best to try something different. Like chicken feet.

This is really what authentic Chinese looks like, and I'm happy to have found it. I'll be back for more treats from the Far East...and the full bar!
Hello my fellow Arizonians.....

My review gets 3 stars but I really should give it 2... I am being generous.

I will start....as always, by saying I am the pickiest person I know and although food is a preference.... I know what I like! 

We went on a Saturday around noon and it was packed!  There were several larger tables open but nothing to accomodate 2 people so being the outgoing person I am, I invited a couple people to join us so we could take a larger table.

What a great way to meet people, and they were great tablemates!

The food is good, I only have a couple CONS....

No low sodium soy sauce and most of the food is VERY salty!

The selection is not great, no calamari or bbq pork and several other items I enjoy.

The only dim sum restaurant I have experienced out here is C FU Gourmet,,, their selection is greater but their downfall is the food is usually cool to warm and the place has been steadily getting worse. (bummer) and the owner just doesnt seem to care.

If you enjoy Dim Sum...I reccomend you give it a shot and see what you think.

And until then.............

Bon Appetite'
Coming from San Francisco, I am pretty picky about Chinese food.  I speak Cantonese and that was helpful as most of the staff do not speak English.  Their black bean clams rival my home town places.  All their seafood dishes are deish.  A sweet bean porridge is served as a dessert.  Haven't tried the diem sum.
Dim Sum review only***

Food is a 4-star rating, but the location and the decor of the restaurant isn't as pleasant. Located in the corner of the a big strip mall, you can't believe how big the restaurant is from the outside, which has no windows, with a small glass door... There is always a line for dim sum during the peak hour, but definitely worth to wait, if you have an asian friend who knows what to order can tag along, that is even better!

Very good dim sum and cheap price, just don't expect a fancy place. Have fun~
Great dim sum for the valley, their sweet bbq pork buns are especially good.  Their shrimp based pieces are all very good as well, especially the one with shrimp, pork, and chive.  We love going with friends, but it's certainly something we treat ourselves to occassionally.
Pretty good dim sum. Good service. Good food. Gets really packed on the weekend.
I was part of a HUGE event. There were well over 30 tables, with 10 at each in other words a packed house. We were all served the same thing, and there were 8-9 courses..maybe more...all were very delicious and ver coordinated in presentation. All tables were served at the same time. 

The beef and crispy chicken were very tasty as was the pork. I enjoyed the pre-salad and mushrooms also. Would come back again. This was part of the Asian Chamber of Commerce Lunar New Year Banquet, also very well put together.
Go here on a Saturday or Sunday and find this place packed with folks who love dim sum.
I personally find it a little better quality, and not quite so crazy-crowded, on Saturdays late morning/noonish.
Some of the best shumai (sp?) I've ever tasted......egg custards are yummy......really good shrimp dishes too.
Fun little treat every now and then.......never disappoints!
Problem is - 2 hours later, I'm starved.  LOL
It was really good dim sum. The servers know enough english to help you decide on what items you want. It can get pretty expensive if your not careful.
Honestly, I've been going here my entire life, most always for family functions.  My family loves their food, and I think it's the best Chinese restaurant in Arizona--its dim sum even stands it own against CA Chinatowns, IMHO.  

Oh, the dim sum! Har gaos are usually awesome, ham sui goks (sorry, don't know the English phrase) are perfectly crispy with good balance of salty and sweet.  Only in the past few years have I discovered the wonders of the lao sa bao ("leaky sand bun??")--which is like the bolo bao's more decadent cousin (lao sa bao is the one with the more whitish crust, with a runnier custard).  Dim sum is pretty pricey, though.  I can run up a $40 tab by myself.

For non-dim sum, this place is still pretty good.  Highlights are definitely the walnut shrimp, peking duck (though some vendors elsewhere are marginally better), and the beef stew (this is probably the wrong name again, but it's the beef dish with the tripe/tendons and turnips).  

Great Wall was a family hotspot long before the post-fire remodel, so even though the current bathrooms and general cleanliness may not be on par with other (read: Westernized) places, the new bathrooms are waaayyyyy better than they used to be.  I think it's just a general fact that authenticity sometimes comes at the expense of hygiene. (it's still worlds better than some places in Chinatown).  

Bottom line: don't let the sketchy neighborhood and exterior dissuade you, it's worth it!  Also, get there early for dim sum, otherwise they'll sell out of the popular items.
This place is, in my not always so humble opinion, the best Dim Sum in the Valley. 
Its best to go early on the weekends so that you get a table quickly. You want to go about 10:30 or 11. The line usually hasn't started forming outside quite yet, but the food carts are really starting to gain their rhythm.

Most everything is great, but do make sure to save a smidge of room for the sweet sesame mochi balls. Not sure what the Chinese name is, but they're the perfect ending to a perfect Sunday tradition
Some colleagues and I made the drive all the way to the other side of town for lunch one day to try their Dim Sum.  They were in an AZ Central article listing them as one of the best Dim Sum restaurants in the Valley.

We tried a variety of items and I'm not sure exactly what it was...we just ordered what looked good.  I tried a Pork Dumpling, a BBQ Pork stuffed puffy thing, Spicy Beef and Veggies, and a puffy thing stuffed with I think Beans.

The food was OK, not as great as the AZ Central article.  I was expecting food as good as Ping Pang Pong in Vegas when I read the accolades.  I think I over-hyped it in my mind before our visit.

The restaurant is located in a sketchy neighborhood.  I wouldn't come back at night, that's for sure.

Return Factor - 20%
This is the real deal guys! My first visit here was on Easter Sunday for early dim sum. The place was already busy when we arrived at 10 a.m., but we were seated immediately. It's always a good sign to see a dim sum restaurant filled with Chinese customers happily munching away. The dim sum was really good and the service was fast and efficient. By the time we left, there was a line out the door waiting to be seated. TIP: Get here early (within 30 mins of opening) and you won't have to wait. This is definitely going to be one of our new favorite places for dim sum!
Tip: if you ran out of tea, open the lid of the teapot and that will alert the staff to get you a refill.

I was new to dim sum and I absolutely loved this place. If you have not had dim sum before, I think some of the pics posted will give you a good idea.
Warning - most likely you got to like eating family style, and you gotta either be adventurous or know what Chinese dishes you like.

We went there for early lunch on a Sunday (11:30am) by recommendation of a friend and when we arrived there was a huge line! well, not a line, you get a number that they call out when your table is ready. There were like 10-12 parties ahead of us and we were seated in like 10-15 minutes.

They bring you your plates, tiny cups and a teapot.

Then is when the fun begins! They have people with carts full or meals in small containers, coming to your table, you pick whatever you want and they mark it in a card that remains at your table. We must have tried like 12-14 different dishes, let me try to remember - sorry I do not know the names.

- Bread stuffed with pork (3)
- Other pastry stuffed with pork (3)
- Fried tofu (3)
- Some white ball with a colorful dot that I didn't taste (3)
- Round/soft wonton like stuffed with shrimp (4)
- Lo main -very skinny noodles
- Chicken feet in red sauce (I really wanted to try those)
- Fried wontons, they were not stuffed with cream cheese, but with shrimp (4)
- Some sort of spring rolls, very big and turned out to be stuffed with shrimp 
   (2, cut in 3 pieces each)
- Sesame seed balls (3)
- Fried dough with honey
- Jello/mango dessert

These dishes had different prices ranging from 2.95 to 6.95, I think, but our check was about $52 (without tip)

I didn't notice if they had other drinks, but I saw a table nearby get a dish and bowl of rice that seemed to be ordered from a menu.

I used to live near this place and I never tried it. Now we live far away but I will definitely come back, hopefully soon : )

FYI, Ladies restrooms were very clean, and they have toilet covers.
Dim sum!!! yummmmm :) I love dim sum and this place is affordable and the real deal with carts coming around. I love the crispy shrimp ball get there early for that they run out. Free hot tea and open of the tea put for them to top it off with more hot water. I would suggest Chinese broccoli dim sum portion. Hong Kong style beef chow mein the crunchy kind. As well as shrimp dumplings hagow and beef dumplings shu mai. Of course white rice!! I just love dim sum the excitement of seeing whats on their cart.   Lots of parking and a great dining experience for those who haven't experienced dim sum :)

sadly dim sum is only on weekends.

ps the bathroom was surprisingly nice here
I can't help but laugh at some of the reviews complaining about the decor and service.  Sigh...rookies.  Let me cut to the chase, you don't go to a Dim Sum restaurant for the service OR the decor.  You go for the FOOD.  That holds true for a whole lot of Chinese eateries really.  If you get great service or a clean, modern place, that's a bonus.  The more hole-in-the-wall, the better the food (none of that Panda Express Americanized junk).  I'd rather them save the money and keep the food prices normal than hike up the prices.  For those wondering, yes, I AM Chinese.

So on that note, I will have to say that while the dim sum was not the best I ever had, it was still pretty decent.  But that's not what impressed me - it was that they ACTUALLY had GOOD service.  That's what made me laugh even more at some of the reviews.  Try going to dim sum in LA, Houston or SF...  Here, ALL the staff was really helpful.  I mean ALL.  From the busboys, to the cart servers, to the head people.  You won't find that anywhere else.  Granted it's not top-notch service that you expect but compared to other dim sum places, this is actually pretty good.  I came with my aunts and uncle and they would ask for things like more tea, a specific item, hot mustard, etc. and either someone would quickly get it for us or the cart servers would leave their carts right in front of us and go in the back.  You can't find that at most normal dim sum places.  

Oh my, and they even speak REALLY good English and so patient!  They even explain what they have instead of huffing and puffing and quickly opening and closing up lids expecting you to figure out what that dish is and if you want it.

They may not have the biggest selection of choices but if you can't tell, I was more impressed by the staff and that more than blew me away.  One cart lady even recognized my aunt and uncle from another dim sum place that they used to frequent but now closed.  That's pretty good.

I will def. be back.  Dim sum is like comfort food.
greatest Dim Sum in the state! Get in here today!
We went in with a lot of expectations considering the great reviews on yelp - and we were starved - so we would liked the food if it even remotely good! 
The place -  the restaurant had a strong smell that was not pleasing to say the least
The service - Bad! they were running a vaccumm cleaner while we were having our meal!!
Te food: horrible - it had no taste - we ordered a noodle soup and a veg main course... the noodle soup tasted like boiled water with noodles..

I've been to Shanghai and I know this was neither authentic nor good!!
So... this is what happens when you open the only Dim Sum restaurant in the dessert... utter chaos.

Dim sum normally has large quantities of selection of food constantly moving around the restaurant in carts. You see what you like, you pick it, you eat it. Portions are small so price is decent.

The quality of food here was terrible. But come on, you say, this is fracking Phoenix! What did you expect? Fine fine fine. I'll stomach cold dim sum that was suppose to be hot, chewy meat instead of tender, and bland instead of flavorful...

The place is a dump and the line is 40 minutes long. Well, it is the only dim sum place no? 

The chaos though that is inside is what get's the place a 1 star. First off I don't even see how this place is setup for Dim Sum. The tables are arranged in a maze like formations where the carts can't even get to you.

Forget the fact that the carts can't reach you, most patrons got up and chased them down and brought back their own food. In the end we didn't even get most of what we wanted cuz they sold out. One of the employees shrugged his shoulders and told us next time to chase down we want to get instead of waiting. 

Totally not worth the wait, especially since the food quality was terrible.
Probably can't count the ###### of times my fam and I have gathered for an overcrowded Sunday yum cha wait, thus dinner makes for a stress-free occasion where we don't have to scream at a cart-pusher like a famished pack of prison inmates. Tonite we just happened to be on the west side of town and checked in. Surprisingly not but four other tables on a Friday nite at 7:30, and most of those tables occupied by at least one Asian patron. Perhaps west siders r later owls.

Hubby and I argued over which fried rice dish to partake, but sad to report his choice of dried scallops and egg whites won out over my 'hahm yue' smelly, i mean salted fish choice. However his first choice is my second so I was content nonetheless. Only once did he succumb while visiting Hong Kong and never again could he stomach the fishiness after being mortified with the pungent aroma that is indeed an acquired taste. 

We couldn't put even the slightest dent in the yummy fried rice as the volume rivaled Camelback mountain! I also went for my usual pan fried noodle dish and enjoyed the chef's choice to use nira as the veggie component instead of the usual choi sum. 

All in all another satisfying home comfort Chinese meal that brings back fond family memories.
Dim Sum fans look no further! (unless you live on the other side of town, like me).

My office used to love the Golden Buddha at the COFCO Center. When it closed, our monthly cravings for Dim Sum went unsatisfied until we heard about this spot. The parking lot is worn down and the location is not close to us. Upon entry, we noticed the clientele matched the cuisine - always a good sign! The seating is much like an adapted ballroom. It looks like they may hold wedding receptions or small events there. 

The Dim Sum cart came around, and to our joyous surprise, the waitress was one of our old friends from the Golden Buddha!! And, the Dim Sum must have come with her. The pork and shrimp dumplings were very tender and tasty. Careful, though, they're piping hot. The seasame and meat-balls were also good along with the shrimp egg rolls (come in sets of 3). Wash it all down with some hot tea and you're in for an excellent, authentic tasting Chinese lunch.
Great place for lunch and great dim-sum.
However this place lacks on service and personality.
Waited 15-20 before somebody finally checked on my table.
After placing my order I still ended up waiting another 30 minutes.
Needless to say I ended up taking my food for take out since I had to go back to work.
When I asked for some chilly sauce the lady behind the counter had the guts to ask me for $.25 each.
I asked her if she was kidding me she was not amused.
Will not return and instead drive to Chandler to the Phoenix Palace.
Better food and nicer service IMHO.
The crab soup is to die for !
I hadn't been to the Great Wall in YEARS! My husband planned an outing for Dim Sum for my birthday. We've talked about doing this for some time but we finally planned ahead, had the time and found a restaurant that serves Dim Sum.  

Before deciding where we should go he asked a student, who is Chinese, where his family preferred to eat Dim Sum. The recommendation was the Great Wall. It was a drive for us but so worth it!

Reading some of the reviews here, and having mentioned our impending outing to a friend who has frequented the Great Wall, I was a bit apprehensive, but I am adventurous by nature and willing to try it. If it didn't work out as hoped all we would lose is a bit of time and money.

If you're into a well-mannered, quiet dining experience this probably isn't the place for you.  If you don't mind a bit of noisy conversation, you're adventurous and willing to try just about anything once, you'll love the Great Wall. 

Loads of carts come by with a variety of items. Some of them we knew what to expect and others we tried.  Again, you have to be a bit adventurous.  We asked one gentleman what he had in his cart (it had trays with lids). His English was a bit broken but we determined that he had tripe. Now I'm not a fan but I did try a piece. My husband, on the other hand, loved it. He ate almost the entire serving (quite a lot actually) by himself. 

The pot stickers were enormous and so delicious. We tried noodles (pretty basic), great shrimp dumplings, noodles, wonderful yeast buns filled with almond paste, and too many other things to remember.

We were thrilled to see so many families (many of them Chinese) dining together.  Obviously this is a go-to location for family gatherings. Even though we went on one of the hottest days of the year, there was a line by the time we left around 12:30 pm. 

One website about Dim Sum Etiquette recommends that you have a group of three or more so you can enjoy many different items. If we can find another three or four people who are willing to take a chance to try new things we'll be back soon! If not, we'll be sure to arrive early, with empty stomachs ready to eat!
Good place but ok food! I would give it one more star if they can improve their service!
As a Chinese person who grew up in Phoenix, I've been counting on Great Wall to fulfill my dimsum needs for nearly two decades.  I have had numerous dinner parties at this restaurant and never had a bad experience.  Their chinese food is top-notch and so delicious.  As a previous reviewer mentioned, you don't come to a place like this expecting to be wowed by the decor or (sometimes) the service.  It's all about the food!
I took my lunch date to this place since she haven't date dim sum in AZ before. This was the closest location in the west side. 
When we get there, the parking and restaurant were packed. A good indicator I think. 
Got my table relatively quicky. 
We ordered many various dishes from sticky rice to shumai. It was pretty good. 
My date were looking for some BBQ chicken feet and it was not available. A little bummed but it did not ruin the experience. 
The only negative thing I can gripe about were the noodle. It simply sucked. We barely touched it. It was a little wasteful. Something learned....we will not order noodles again...

Overall, I can't wait to bring here again
Fly in my food, enough said. Only giving them two stars instead of one because their flavors were good. Would've been good had I not seen the fly. -.-
This place has been here for years. For years! I have been coming for years. For years! I still think this place has the best combination of quality dim sum, decor and other menu items. The variety here is just awesome. 

Golden Buddha, China King, Mekong Plaza, they were decent. Those places were good because you don't really want to travel that far for dim sum and those places were in their respective areas. Except Golden Buddha closed. 

But for a complete experience, go to Great Wall. You should go on Sundays around 10:30am. That's when their menu is at it's fullest. Asian people go out Sunday mornings haha. There might be a wait but carts will come by more often, more items and you get to see a lot of Asian people. There are also items that are not on carts. Like giant noodle dishes. Don't miss out on them!
The only time I really ever eat here is for a wedding reception or dim sum.  We came for dinner last week and ordered: baked tilapia (pulled from the tank), chicken, mayonnaise shrimp, salt & pepper shrimp, peking pork, house fried rice and seafood soup.  Everything came out quickly but the food was nothing to write home about.  The chicken was so plain and extremely dry.  The house fried rice was tasty but also pretty dry.  Seafood soup - where was the seafood???  The peking pork was my favorite - flavorful.  The fish was also tasteless.  Did they just pull the fish from the tank and bake it and add no seasonings?  

I would suggest coming here for dim sum but for a regular night of dinner? Probably not.
I'll give it four stars for Phoenix dim sum. Price is reasonable. Most dishes were hot and fresh. There were a lot of people both before and after we arrived, which is a good sign. Go between here and Phoenix Palace, depending on which is more convenient for you.
I've been here plenty of times for the past few years for wedding receptions, dim sum and of course MY wedding reception.

We came here last night for a wedding reception and we LOVE the food here. The seafood appetizer and the seafood soup to start are delicious. The seafood platter includes, Jelly Fish (YUM), Seaweed Salad, Squid and a few other items. It looks a little weird, but it's very tasteful. The soup was GREAT, it had great taste to it. For entrees we had, stir fried crabs (LOVE LOVE LOVE!), a whole roasted chicken, whole roasted duck, stir fry beef and Chinese broccoli, a whole steamed catfish, pork fried rice, and fried quail. Everything was delicious. I never really liked quail, it just looks unappetizing. My husband insisted I try just a little piece cause he said it taste just like chicken so I thought why not try just a small piece. I must admit it did taste like chicken but it was a little too salty for me. 

I highly recommend this place if you're looking for some real authentic Chinese food. Dim sum is great as well!
My wife and I arrived here around 11:00 there was an extremely  Long line, but it moved fast. Inside the place was packed. There wasn't any additional seats, they were booked to capacity. When we checked in with the hostess we were asked if we would be willing to be seated with other people. We said no problem but when our name was called we ended up with just the two of us at the table.

The dim sum experience is not for everyone.  Those not accustomed to the noise and crowds should stay away. The place was Jam packed with Chinese families which was a good indication of how the food would be.  

All the carts came around frequently. Service was standard for a Dim Sum restaurant. Nothing much to complain about or compliment.  This place was really crowded. It was a bit uncomfortable because the tables are really close to each other, and the aisle aren't hat wide. With the carts going around the place it can get super cramped and uncomfortable. Oh, it was also super noisy, but that shouldn't be a surprise for such a crowded establishment. The servers pushing the carts around were hard to understand so I have no idea what we had or what was in the food but I can tell you we enjoyed all the dishes we picked.

None of the dishes really stand out. The food was good, not spectacular, but Just your standard dim sum fare. With the exception of drink refills because no one came around to refill our beverages.

FOOD: The menu is standard Dim Sum. PRICE: Expensive -This accounts for why I rated the place only a three. My wife and I spent $30.00 on lunch and didn't really have that much food. I can't imagine what families must spend here on a big meal.   ABIANCE: Nothing fancy but you don't come here for the ambiance you come here or the food. SERVICE: . CONCLUSION:  The food was decent and the price was high for what you get. The dcor was non existent and all tables/chairs were all covered and not the most comfortable. However the Great Wall managed to satisfy that dim sum craving but was not even close to the best I've ever had. The search continues. RETURN  FACTOR: 90- 95%

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
Well I'm afraid I cannot give a fair review. We arrived shortly after 8 PM and there were slim pickin's left on the buffet and they weren't in any hurry to put fresh food out. What little food I did try was OK. Will have to give it another shot at an earlier time I evening I guess. Very disappointed this time around.
Not the very best dim sum, but decent. We went around 10:00am on a weekend with a huge party and had no problem with being seated. The servers circulate fairly often and we were happy with the quality of the food. Nothing stood out as amazing (or not great) to me. I did miss my lotus leaf wrapped sticky rice, but maybe I just didn't see it?
I came to Great Wall tonight with my mom after reading the positive reviews from Yelp. The location is fine, it's in a strip mall that is just about empty so there's plenty of parking to choose from. In terms of food, there's plenty of options. I opted for the chicken and broccoli and my mother got the chicken with orange sauce. We also split a delicious appetizer of meat dumplings. We were brought tea and the food came out after about 20 minutes. 


The food portions were much larger than we anticipated and we could've split either one and would've been full. Other than that, our experience was great and we look forward to coming back. The bill for two plates and the appetizer was $30.00. Not the best deal out there, but you get what you pay for. The food was fresh and great and overall I would give Great Wall 4 out of 5 stars.
I rarely write reviews but this place deserves a review. I am Asian and I know Asian food. This place has Yummy authentic food. Went for dim sum and it was awesome. It comes close to home cooking. Best Chinese place I've been in AZ. Service was great. Very friendly and helpful staff. Downside, this place is so popular that there is a loooong line to get in. But I've been told that is only on the weekends. Weekdays are not like that. It's a must go to restaurant!!!! I highly recommend it!!!!
You can't go wrong at this place. Best Chinese food here, before I was a vegetarian.  you come here, you're obligated to see someone you know and their grandmas. Haha.

When there's a long wait, we go next door to the nail supply. lolz . To kill time.

Fried tofu is the bestttt
Food taste great. Ordered at once please. If you try to order to go when you are done eating. Prepare to wait another half hour or more. Under staff but place is packed. Staff are friendly but the wait for getting a check or to go box. I suggest you help yourself and wait by the door. Dishes are delicious tho.
Very good place for dim sum especially being in Phoenix. Definitely come and check it out great prices quick service and lots of locals.
The dim sum is perfect. They have everything and they are very quick in getting to all tables. Great weekend brunch idea. From the pork buns, noodles, sesame balls, chicken feet, pork ribs, sticky rice, etc. it's all good!
Fantastic food - be sure to order Honk Kong Style Noodles ( pick desired protein ).  The dim sum is all great.  For dessert?  The flowing sand buns are hot, sweet, and better than almost anywhere else.

Parking is easy, but on Saturdays be sure to get there early.  It fills up fast and by noon the wait can be long. ( but worth it!)

FYI - very kid friendly.  There are nice aquariums filled with fish, lobster, crabs, and clams.
I've been to Great Wall many if times but this is the first with the new owner. I knew him from another restaurant he used to own. Anyways, I went her for dinner. It wasn't for any old dinner but for a Chinese New Year Banquet. This was a celebration with a 10 course meal. So it was supposed to be special. 

We started out with the Assorted Cold Appetizer Platter which included jelly fish, long thin strips of tofu, thinly cut slices of beef and seaweed salad. It was very different but good. You really never get this dish but at banquets. 

After this, we had Hangzhou's West Lake Minced Beef soup. It had tiny pieces of grounded beef, tofu, and egg (I think). Very good soup. Then we had Shrimp with Glazed Walnuts that had some shredded carrots on the side. What can I say. Very good. Shrimp, walnuts, and carrots were great. What I really enjoyed was the Fish Fillet with Sugar Peas. The fish was so tender and seasoned perfectly. Wow. 

We also had Cantonese-style Deep Fried Crispy Chicken, Cantonese-style Roasted Duck, "Lohan" (monk-style) Sauted Assorted Vegetables, Baby Bok Choy with Mushrooms (huge mushrooms), Yangzhou-style Fried Rice. The chicken and duck were amazing. It was a whole chicken and duck. Very tasty and very moist. The Lohan had all sort of Chinese vegetables I've never heard of but really good. Really different. The Bok Choy and mushrooms were really good. 

To top our meal off, we had Sesame Seed Sweet Rice Balls. You can usually get this at dim sum places. It's a small tiny ball with sesame seeds on it with some black beans inside. Sweet and chewy. Really good. 

So this was a banquet with lots of tables which meant the servers were just bringing out dish after dish. You eat a little of each dish and then boom your really full with some really good Chinese food. So if you ever have a chance to go to a Chinese New Years Banquet give it a try cause the food is always outstanding.
Have been here mainly for large celebrations such as wedding receptions, Chinese baby red egg, funeral memorial meal and Chinese New years. So we have never eaten here ala carte. When you eat there for a large celebration it is generally between a 8 to 10 course meal. When eating this way you eat "family" style so you get to try multiple dishes and get a little of each dish and then spin the dishes around on a lazy Susan to share with the others at your table. The servers were okay but the restaurant itself is good when they have a banquet style.

Nothing to bring you back because of the decor or service, would probably only come here for the banquet.
The food is really really great, but HOLY CrAP it is crowded.  You have got to be ready to eat like a turtle:  stick your neck out a long way, snap a bite, retreat, repeat.  It is seriously tight in there because it is both social and delicious.  Just one time I'd like to go with enough space to have both arms free, hear some conversation, and taste every interesting thing that comes by on those glorious carts of food.   If you have a large party, and don't mind noise and extremely close quarters, this is an all out winner.
Typical traditional Chinese restaurant. Heard its the better of the food restaurants here that are open late. Foods not bad, restaurant could use a facelift and a better sign outside/Door, but good thing I dont live in AZ.
service is very very poor! we waited 25mins for dimsum, i asked for shrimp and pork dimsum lady said " i only have chicken feet......,wtf [ y dont u get more! commonsense]. we ended up getting fried noodles. forget about this place i highly recommend C FU restaurant in chandler, this place suck! more than 50 people inside and they ony have one dimsum cart running.
Lets face it...it was the yelp review's about Dim Sum that made me give this restaurant a try. It was not to distant far from my hotel, but not next door thats for sure. In any event, I had a taste bud for Dim Sum...so off I went...!!!

From the outside this restaurant does not give the appearance of something grand and unique, however upon entering, it is spacious, warm ...and empty...

Upon being seated and handed a menu, I asked for the Dim Sum menu...sorry, Dim Sum stops being served at 3:00pm....I almost walked out...I could have had Chinese food almost anywhere, but Dim Sum...thats hard to find and that was what I wanted. Okay, I'm here lets see what you have...

The menu was loaded with so many of the dishes that I truly like that it did become somewhat difficult to choose....but I managed...I ordered hot & sour soup (the bowl), chicken chop suey...and while I wasn't sure exactly what Salt and Spice Shrimp was, I was hoping it to be salt & pepper shrimp.

First out of the kitchen and onto my dinner table was the hot & sour soup...a huge steaming bowl. Let me say, I have had hot & sour soup all over this world and while it varies in taste and consistency, this soup tonight was outstanding...absolutely outstanding. Next out of the kitchen was this salt & spice shrimp...wow, these were not shrimp at all...these were gulf prawns...huge...took two hands to pickup. The shrimp came with the heads and tails, and shells...not a problem for me, but perhaps a bit squeamish to others. No issues, I hoisted up one shrimp and gave the head a slight twist pinched the tail and dropped it into my mouth. Oh my goodness...these were awesome. Perhaps the serving was a dozen shrimp, I didn't count them, but there was quite a few. Remarkable...!!! Last out of the kitchen was the chicken chop suey...let me say that this was not the actual name on the menu, that escapes me, but it was a chop suet. It was also fantastic. But to be honest, with the soup and the shrimp, there wasn't much room left for the chicken chop suey. I needed a "to go box" to bring the left overs back to the hotel.

So while i was not happy to miss the Dim Sum, and I hope to go back and enjoy that one day, I was not disappointed with the dinner that was chosen. Did I say earlier that the restaurant was "empty" when I arrived...well, it filled up while I was there...and I know why...the food selection is very large, and while I of course have not tried many of their offerings, what i did choose was absolutely outstanding...worthy of 5-stars for sure. So why only 4-stars from this review...I need to try your Dim Sum then lets talk.

This is a family owned restaurant...these are your friends and neighbors, give them a try. I plan to return...!!!
If you live in the West Valley, you are out of luck when it comes to finding Dim Sum. The closest you'll find is the Great Wall on Camelback and 35th Ave. The only other one that I know of in Phoenix is C-Fu on the east side. I enjoy the Great Wall's Dim. The Sumai and Howgow are very good and it is so reasonably priced. I've tried the Spicy Salted Squid and consider it to be pretty good. I would order it again, but I've had better in Portland, OR. I would recommend this to you if you're looking for Dim Sum. Not much competition out there though.
The menu was loaded with so many of the dishes that I truly like that it did become somewhat difficult to choose....but I managed...I ordered hot & sour soup (the bowl), chicken chop suey...and while I wasn't sure exactly what Salt and Spice Shrimp was, I was hoping it to be salt & pepper shrimp.

First out of the kitchen and onto my dinner table was the hot & sour soup...a huge steaming bowl. Let me say, I have had hot & sour soup all over this world and while it varies in taste and consistency, this soup tonight was outstanding...absolutely outstanding. Next out of the kitchen was this salt & spice shrimp...wow, these were not shrimp at all...these were gulf prawns...huge...took two hands to pickup. The shrimp came with the heads and tails, and shells...not a problem for me, but perhaps a bit squeamish to others. No issues, I hoisted up one shrimp and gave the head a slight twist pinched the tail and dropped it into my mouth. Oh my goodness...these were awesome. Perhaps the serving was a dozen shrimp, I didn't count them, but there was quite a few. Remarkable...!!! Last out of the kitchen was the chicken chop suey...let me say that this was not the actual name on the menu, that escapes me, but it was a chop suet. It was also fantastic. But to be honest, with the soup and the shrimp, there wasn't much room left for the chicken chop suey. I needed a "to go box" to bring the left overs back to the hotel.
My family and I have been coming here for many years. The service is horrible the place smells old but it stays true to the attitude of all dim sum restautant in china. We come here for the dim sum and dim sum alone. 

Lately, More and more caucasian and latinos i see coming here which is awesome. 

Only on weekends is when they serve dim sum. Get here early so avoid the lines and the crazyness.
Best Chinese food I've had in Phoenix so far.  I can't wait to go back this weekend for
another Dim Sum fix!  I used to live in Honolulu's China town and this place is just as good!  What a find.  I'll be back twice a month fosho!
How can I not give Great Wall 5 stars for its DimSum?! Yummy!! We came in on a Saturday morning and were seated quickly. The carts came by fast and when we couldn't find what we wanted they brought what we wanted right away. Service was awesome and they were nice. Yeah, it isn't harbour in Seattle but we are in Phoenix! My 5 stars is for the area as well, there isn't a plethora of DimSum to choose from so for Phoenix area this is a 5 star.This place is way closer to our house as opposed to Phoenix palace and i like great walls food  better. This is my new DimSum spot.
You simply can not beat the dim-sum here. We eat here every chance we get, and have been doing so for more than ten years. We have always had a wonderful experience and leave feeling stuffed every time.
I have since gone back with a crowd of friends for dim sum. It was very tasty and they weren't bothered in the least that all through out our meal we kept having more people show up.We started with one table and by the end, we were squeezed into three. The service was much better and friendlier this time around.
This place is alright! I went here with my family this week to have dim sum. It's my second time coming here. The first time I came was for a relative's wedding. 

Atmosphere: 3/5. It's a old restaurant, so the decor is kind of worn out generally. I wouldn't recommend it as a wedding venue, but it's possible? They have a section of the restaurant that is sort of a "stage" area with the red curtains as backdrop. It's pretty old-school asian.

Food: 4/5. Not the best dim sum I've ever had, but it's pretty darn good for dim sum in the Phoenix Area, considering there aren't that many. I liked the "desserts" (egg tart, bbq pork pastry, taro pastry), and the shrimp entrees the best. 

Price: Pretty good price. Dishes range from $2 - $6 a plate for dim sum (or the ones we got anyways).
This is a classic Chinese Cuisine with authentic food close to town.
We come here to celebrate a birthday dinner or dim sum. The food is excellent in Arizona standard. I have been coming here for 20 years now. Sometimes we run into old friends or family which is nice too.

We love the food. They have the best Bao and BBQ Duck in town. Sometimes we drive 35 miles to buy duck!
Like most west valley Asians would say, Great Wall is a staple.  I've been to Great Wall hundreds of times for dim sum and banquet-dinners since I was  kid --- heck, maybe even since I was born!   It's hard for me to even imagine how my childhood would be like without Great Wall.

From before their renovations to days before the kitchen fire, Great Wall has always served up delicious food.  As it is the only major Chinese restaurant in the west valley, Great Wall is always busy with a flurry of customers at any given time of day.  They have delicious hot dim sum and they have an even more amazing 10-course dinner.  If you don't understand Chinese customs, this place will always be LOUD!  Chinese people are loud.  We like to hear ourselves talk over other people's voices.  I think it adds to the charm of the restaurant.  ;)

Great Wall specializes in a lot of authentic off-the-menu dishes like duck tongues, fried pork intestines with sweet & sour sauce, fried fish heads with eyeballs the size of golf balls, and all the other stuff probably not palatable to people who didn't grow up around these kinds of foods but it's all reminiscent of  majestic China.  *wistful sigh*  For the record, I was born in Arizona to two Hong Kong parents.

Anyways, Great Wall will always hold a soft spot in my heart.  From sweet karaoke-infused memories to visions of old people dancing to terrible Chinese music.  Cheers!
Great dim sum on the weekend. Great prices. Love this place
This is the best place in Las Vegas for dim sum IMHO.  Four people can eat all they want for $20 -$30.  Even the staff is friendly!  Plenty of parking out front and it's usually full of Asians - a good sign.  I've checked out virtually all the other dim sum in Vegas and this is the best deal.  I have no connection to the restaurant.
On the quest to find decent dim sum in the desert, Orchids Garden was my next try.  They get major points for constantly having carts of food roll by.  The only problem was that the selection was to the minimum.  I would get all excited every time I see a cart, only to discover each lady had the same exact thing as the lady before her.  Bummer.  

I give them major points for having Shanghai dumplings.  However, they were horrendous!  The skin was unusually thick and you'll never find me ordering that here again.  They also had the very special Shark Fin Dumpling Soup (Goon Tong Gow,  to fill with liquid, soup, dumpling) that you have to special order.  It comes with red vinegar and ginger slices for you to dump into the soup.  Yes, major props for having it, but it didn't taste that great either.  And instead of shark fin, they had glass noodles instead!

Their standard shrimp dumplings and pork dumplings were decent.  Their chicken feet in black bean sauce was flavorful.  Their bean curd wrapped seafood thing was okay, some of it over steamed though.  The Chinese broccoli was slippery as heck and the shrimp rice noodle was decent too.

The tricky thing was that as we hung out after we paid our bill, we noticed different stuff coming out!  I saw the Pineapple Bun and inquired if there was yellow egg custard in it, and the lady confirmed there was!  Since discovering this yummy bun only recently, I had to get some.  And it was oh so good, and piping hot too!  (It's the marriage of the Bolo Bao and the Nai Wong Bao!)  

I only had the small egg custard tarts and this other fruit tart that I wouldn't usually see in a dim sum restaurant for dessert.  They did have the soft tofu, but the lady scooping it caught too much water in there, drowning out the syrupy taste.

Overall, Orchids Garden was a decent place for dim sum on a Saturday morning.  It's a huge place with lots of Chinese (ethnic Chinese, as I could hear Cantonese being spoken everywhere) and non-Chinese customers dining here.  I like that you can see non-Chinese families dining here as it can often be intimidating at these huge dim sum operations.  

And the prices were pretty decent too. With a party of four, it came out to about $65 total, and we definitely stuffed ourselves pretty good too.

Until I find another place better, you'll find me here again.  The wait was minimal too. And there's parking in the back as well!

Update: 01/03/07 - I've been back twice already since this review!  And it's not because the food is so fabulous, but I have yet to find a better one.  You can easily fit 14 people at a table with minimal wait too!  And their Pineapple Egg Custard buns are so worthy waiting for!  Get them while they are hot and take them all if you can!  They are THAT good.

Update: 11/05/07 - Went back yesterday for dim sum.  Their chicken's feet was pretty good, and the deep fried calamari was a surprise hit too.  The BF really like the roasted pork that came with pickled veggies.  Their chive and shrimp dumpling is good when it's hot, and thank goodness the Shanghai dumplings never came out since I forgot our bad experience with it the first time!  The pineapple egg custard bun was present, but not quite as good when it's not piping hot.  So, only get it when it's hot hot hot!
so this time, i decided to go to another location for dim sum b/c of my recent experience at another restaurant.  its the only chinese- themed structured restaurant on sahara blvd and its HUGE.  right when i drove up to the parking lot, it was full, but luckily there was parking in the back.  inside, two rooms on the left and right were packed with people, a huge variety, and a major portion chinese (Cantonese)...according to my adorable companion.  i wanted to be in the main room b/c i can see all the silver carts filled with colorful food items frantically moving around the tables.  the smells and sights made me so hungry.
for some odd reason everytime they filled our teapot, they would not close it well, so i kept spilling tea out from the top.  the basic steam items were ok.  i do have to say my favorite chicken feet  in black bean sauce was hella tasty.  the chinese broccoli drowned in oyster was alright, how do you go wrong with that?  they did have shanghai dumplings, but the skin was a bit thick and took away the flavor of the meat inside.  they did have my favorite shark fin dumpling soup with the vinegar, but i was told that the shark fin that i have always thought to be in this dish was sometimes replaced with glass noodles...is it b/c im not chinese???   otherwise it did taste good.   i also had the yummy egg tarts and egg tarts w/fruit.  i also had the silky tofu in sugar-ginger soup....ooh  so warm to my belly.  i think its a good idea to come around 12:30pm, b/c the longer we stayed the more new dishes came out.  right before we were leaving, we saw the this pineapple bun filled yellow egg custard.  that was the first time i had that.  imagine, taking a bite on a sweet crusty bun and having creamy yellow egg custard squeeze into your mouth.  so for now, this place will have to do as i join my lovely dining companion for the search for the best place for dim sum in all of vegas...stay tuned b/c i have another restaurant in mind already.....
OMG!!!!  I think my ancestors would roll over in their graves to hear what this restaurant charges for a bowl of congee (rice porridge)!!!  $28 for a bowl of seafood congee!  AIYAH!  It's totally unheard of, I hope the seafood is made out of gold!  After having spent a week here in Vegas without having any asian food, I had a craving so I came here.  Looking at the prices, I thought this place must serve some stellar chinese food.  Well, it disappointed me.  While the staff was very friendly and a couple of the waiters even flirted with me (hehehe...), I just didn't think the food was all that great, especially one that prides itself on being a great chinese restaurant serving authentic Hong Kong style cuisine.  I got the seafood pan fried noodles which was $18 and then a serving of the roasted pork belly for $16.  The food was mediocre and very pricey.  It however, had a nice view of people on the gondolas at the Venetian.  The restaurant was pretty dead for it being a Friday night at the busy Venetian casino.
Not bad Not bad.. the dim sum was quite fresh and the cost was quite reasonable.. 
WHen people say this chinese place is dirty.. i would agree.. but its a CHINESE restaurant.. I would be quite concerned if the place was too clean. 
Now I've been to some bad places.. so I know bad when i see it.. for those of you who love dim sum.. this place is a good choice..
Also you might want to plan accordingly.. i went on tuesday for lunch and it was crowded.. I can  just imagine coming here on the weekend..
And by the way this place is so popular they are open on Thanksgiving.. AND they extended their hours this day.. hmmm..
We were one of the first to arrive at 10:30AM on a Saturday morning, but the room filled up over the next hour.  I failed to write down what we ate, but 5 of the 7 dishes we tried contained pretty much the same ingredients of ground pork and shrimp.  The best dish was the egg tarts with the worst being the barbecued pork bun which was all bun, no pork.  Prices were relatively inexpensive, but the food quality and variety were disappointing.
We've been to so many different dim sum places in Vegas we thought we'd give yet another one a try. Boy the wait is hella long during lunch time. We waited about 40 minutes! However, once we were seated, things started to roll rather quickly. They asked what kind of tea we wanted and it was brought out really fast. The carts started to roll our way and it had most of the stuff we were wanting to eat so that was a plus.

The har gaw was slightly above average (compared to the rest of Vegas) and the soy sheet rolls weren't bad at all. My fave was the fact that they had 'ma lai go' and it was the authentic kind -- tan brown in color rather than sponge cake yellow.

Like what the other reviewers have mentioned it's dirty and the bathrooms are filthy. However, pee before you leave your hotel and go early so you don't have a wait -- avoid having to go to the bathroom at all and you'll have a good meal. Very cheap dim sum I'd say!
Dim Sum and then some...

I have been searching for some "community" tradition in Vegas where most everything is about the tourist and those of us who actually live here kind of get lost in the fray. 

Well, I think I have found my little bit of togetherness on a Sunday at Orchid's Garden. Very crowded, very loud and bursting with energy. 

Trolley pushing ladies running from corner to corner of a packed dinning room make it a bit hard to hear about the selections. So, my friends and I are not sure what to call everything we ate. Everything we ate tasted lovely, especially the custard rolls---yum we had to get seconds. 

It was not the cleanest nor the most upscale decorated but it gives a little tone of hominess.
I wasn't that impressed with this place. It was pretty busy at 2pm for dim sum on a Tuesday though. Decent dim sum, I guess...

Most of the dim sum we had were already cold. I guess we were seated in the "other" room, and not the main dining area. Oh well! The only good thing I ate (and was WARM!) was the pineapple buns. They were pretty good. Theresa B. and me had to get another tray.

The total wasn't as bad as we thought. We had about 20 dim sum plates, and it cost us about $13 each for the 4 of us (including tip and tax). 

I actually like Chang's a lot better than this...
When we were here last year, we didn't like this place much. The service was slow, we waited for the Dim Sum carts for 5-15 minutes. I had to push the cart to our table... boy, I didn't think they run that fast after me... since they were so slow with the cart. =P 

Food was ok, but I would recommend Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine instead.
Dim Sum was mediocre, some dishes were cold. The taste was okay not great. Inside looks a bit dirty and out dated. Not a whole lot of variety to choose from.
I must say that Dim Sum in Vegas is definitely an adventure. One has to find a balance between good quality and value. The best authentic dim sum place? I would definitely say Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine. The problem? Its pricey. The worst? I would say Harbor Palace. I would not ever go back there again. The middle ground? Orchid's Garden. 

Dont get me wrong. This place is definitely not a five star kinda place... but it gets the job done. If I'm going, I always (and I mean ALWAYS) go on a Saturday morning around 11-Noon. I think the food is the freshest and the wait staff is most tolerable. On Sundays, I feel the food is recycled from the day before and the workers try to rush you in and out like cattle.

They have the normal dim sum fare. Nothing too spectacular. The food is pretty consistent and I know what I'm in store for. The cart pushing ladies are pretty nice to me now since I'm a familiar face. What I mean by that is now they dont try to force dishes on my table or recommend stuff that is catered towards the novice.

If I had friends in town, I would most likely bring them someplace nicer. If its just me and my buddies, this place is fine. Why go to Changs and pay up to double for a slightly higher quality when you can go to Orchids Garden and possibly taste a few extra dishes instead?

To put it in layman's terms, Changs is like a Wynn/Bellagio Buffet while Orchid's Garden would be a Planet Hollywood/Mirage Buffet. Easy enough?
This place has dim sum cart service until 10pm everyday.  Dim sum was pretty good but a tad pricey.  We went for dinner on a Sunday around 6pm.  The service was a little slow at first but eventually picked up.  I got all my favorites (siu mai, har gow, crispy shrimp balls) and was stuffed by the end.   It was a little greasier than I would have liked but if I was craving dim sum on a random weekday night, this place will do.
Howzit!?

Very average Dim Sum. 

Decent service.

Notable dishes: Sauteed Chicken Feet, Mini Custard Tarts.
Hands down the best dim sum place in Vegas.

Look, I've never been to Chang's.  I've heard it's pretty good too...  but shoot, this place is pretty good.  It'll stand up decently too in San Francisco, where I'm from.  It won't be the best place -- but it'll be a place I'd frequent regularly for the quality and value of the food.

Why, you say?  Cuz their baked goods are, well, GOOD!  Try, for examples, the miniature baked BBQ pork in a buttery, flaky pastry.  Love it!  The miniature egg custard.  Well done!  The crust is good...  the custard... well, they could use a little more egg whites.  But in any case, their baked goods are excellent!

Har gow, Shumai, Lo mai kai, fried shrimp dumpling, chicken feet, cheung fun (you know, the regulars), these all are pretty good.  I stuffed myself with 5 plates and it cost me $12.50 + tips.

One last thing...  I haven't tried Chang's yet -- I'm going to.   But as far as I'm concerned, Orchid Garden is as authentic as it's going to get in LV.    I walked in, for the first time, one Sunday early afternoon and was greeted by the loud clanging of chopsticks against plates and the familiar hum of hundreds of loud conversation melded into one -- now that's an authentic dim sum joint.
Okay, this place should be investigated for selling substances that are addictive!!

Can we just talk for a minute about how friggin' good those damn mini custard buns are? Can we??!!!

The rest of the dim sum just sorta pales in comparison...EXCEPT the chow mein...another dish that rocked.

I could go back and have a dim sum feast of just custard buns and chow mein...seriously!
I actually quite like Orchids Garden. Last time we had to wait for a long time for a table, but this time, even though there were a bunch of people waiting, my wife walked up to the front and next thing I knew we were being seated. Just as well because I could tell my wife was super hungry and it did well for them to seat us immediately.

The place was packed and the carts rolled around and soon we had bbq pork buns on the table along with other things. Everything was good. I mean it's not San Francisco good, but out of all the places we've been to in Vegas, this one is better than the rest.

By the time we finished, the crowd was so big it was hard to get out the door. My wife joked that the food must be free for them since she would not wait that long if she's hungry. We were satisfied and it was very reasonable too.
Went to eat here on Saturday night at around 7pm.  They didn't have the thousand year egg + pork porridge that I was hoping to eat, and what they did have was cold.  Dim sum is supposed to be piping hot...what the hell, man?  I feel like business was bad that day, and I got the left overs.
This place is only A-OK for me. My dad choses to come here every time we visit vegas. Being Chinese, you just gotta try the Dim Sum in other parts of the country/world. You just gotta. Well here is my take on this past experience:

Personally, I thought food was average/ could have been much better. We came here when they first opened and things were fresh and delicious. This time around, not the same. The Shao Long Bao (Pork Mini Buns) were dry and nasty. The rice wrapped in lotus leaves tasted a bit odd and the Shu Mai and Chicken hands could have been much better prepared. Something just didn't taste right when I ate it. Maybe it was just a bad experience this time around? I mean we do come here often when we visit Vegas. So for now, I suppose I give them a 2.5/3 for their decent food. I'll be back, don't worry! I'll let you know how they hold up :)
Emmm Dim sum. I have been about 5-7 times now and the dim sum is all day!!!!!!! In california its really rare to find a place to have dim sum all day. So these place is great. During lunch time the prices are way better than going later in the day I believe after 3 or 4. I recently just went this passed weekend and we had a party of five adults and 1 child and we pretty much all stuffed of dim sum, soy sauce and hot tea for 38.37. I was stuffed. I will be back!

Where can you find a place that serves dim sum all day?
I really liked this place and was surprised it wasn't busier. I went on the Sunday at 11:30 the day before Chinese New Year's. Shouldn't it be packed with Chinese families and LAers leaving town? But no matter. Glad there was no wait. The food was good, smaller sized portions than normal, but yummy. The porridge bowls are smaller and the egg tarts could have passed for minis. But they weren't sold as minis because you only got three (and the minis are sold in 4s). It was at a good price. I believe the A's were at $1.90. 

And, as others have mentioned, dim sum all day!
I miss Dim Sum. New Orleans is not a place to live if it's a staple in your diet. I loved the hustle and bustle of Asian familes and the harried staff. The dumplings themselves were good, the tea piping hot, but wished we had ordered some broccoli.

That is all.
im not a huge dim sum fan, but everytime im in vegas, i find myself at orchid garden. the food is actually really good. the best dim sum ive had id say? i dont know. and for some reason, seems like everytime i am at this place, the line is always so long. but everyone was nice, and it was good!
This was only the second Dim Sum place we have eaten at in LV.  But no need to search for another one.  
It was really packed and we waited for a while before we were seated.  But that is a good sign so no complaints there.  They just needed more bench and chairs for the older folks so they can sit while they wait.  

The dim sum is fresh, warm and you can even order what you do not see. 
Go before the busy time so you don't wait long.  
My fave there is the calamari.  I love the egg pie, the crust is soooo flaky and yumms.   

This place was highly recommended to me ....I highly recommend it to everyone.....!
Dim Sum is a traditional Chinese cuisine in which small portions of a variety of foods, including an assortment of steamed or fried dumplings, are served in succession.  

Easter Sunday and it was my cousin Manny, my mother and I eating out for lunch.  Usually Easter is dominated by hotels, casinos offering the standard higher priced brunch  However, we decided on Dim Sum (not a tradition) but I was willing to try it because it will please my mother and I am the one visiting Vegas.  

The place itself is in northwest of the strip on Sahara and was not really far from where my mom and Manny lived (if there was no traffic) we got there in plenty of time to get a number and wait.  The proportion of Chinese speaking patrons were probably  90 to 1 to non Chinese.  The newspapers outside the lobby was chinese, all the writing on the menu board is chinese..  The good thing about dim sum is point and taste.  If you picked something you didn't like then you are fine to eat something else.

So steamed or fried.  Most of the items we did get were steamed (not as in angry) but were in a metal or wood container, it's like lunch a la carte but they move the food around and ask you if you want something (sometimes the same thing several times).  Of course if you like it, then you can get more of the same.  

We picked a range of food from simple short ribs, pork roast, pork and shrimp dumplings.  But Manny my cousin was apt for the challenge, he said I like chicken feet so we ordered it.  In all my experiences in eating Chinese or Asian food, chicken feet has never touched this lips.  However convinced by my cousin to try this slightly battered (coating not beat up) chicken feet.  I tried it, it was not as bad as I thought.  It was gelatinous and easy to eat and spit.  Now I can say I ate chicken feet but would I try it again, maybe next time when its deep fried and I have had several beers.

Overally service was hectic but good.  The only caveat is the long wait for the check to be completed.  We thought they would rush us out but because the restaurant had slowed down since we came in, the new customers were getting the attention, we were just waiting.  Always drink tea when you are eating dim sum, it helps with the greasy food you are ingesting.  Oh, we did eat chinese broccoli, the designated vegetable.  We also had some smelt, my mom' s favorite (not crunchy or seasoned enough for me)

The ultimate surprise which I always try to look for dim sum is the tofu.  This is not the tofu you buy in the supermarket, this is one is silky and warm and with a little syrup and was delicious - taho in the Philippines.

Overall, for the clientele who believe this is good enough for them and good enough for us.  It cost us about 60 bucks which is 20 per person (no I didn't make my Mom pay - Manny and I split it)..  I had a good and new experience in Las Vegas away from the strip and the namebrand chef cuisine.
When I want some dim sum, it's sometimes a dim prospect, especially if you're not in SF Bay, LA, or NYC Chinatown. Good dim sum in Vegas?  Heck yeah. I really like this place.  Dim sum can be bad if it's not fresh. But it is good here. A warning - you should get there before 1:30 or the number of dim sum carts hawked by their cart ladies declines after the peak of lunch.  They do advertise "dim sum all day".  So, you can order it on the phone or in person, and all of your stuff will come out freshly steamed or baked.  They do not take dim sum from the cart ladies for to go orders. 

This is a free standing building off Sahara west of Eyeglass World. The decor and ambiance isn't something you'd wow about.  The bathrooms aren't the cleanest, and the parking during peak times (noon - 1 PM) can be a challenge.  But overall, it was a nice place to be when you want some dim sum as well as traditional Chinese food.  A lot of first time customers get a puzzled look when they cart ladies come by, but often by the end of their meal, they're hooked.  

I don't like everything on the menu.  But there were lots of things our group loved.  We tried/shared all the different types of siu mai, egg rolls, har gow and  pork bun (steamed, baked).  Loved that gai lan, and enjoyed the porridge. We had their fried fish, noodles, and some desserts like custard pie, sweet rice cakes, sesame balls, and I forget the rest. We went  a1:15 PM so the stuff was pretty fresh and the little carts were still darting through the restaurant. Some of the ladies were hard to understand but it didn't matter as long as you could see what she had in her cart. We took what we didn't finish home.  But except for the desserts, they tasted much better in the restaurant.  Lucky for me being a sweet tooth, they made for a great after dinner snack.  Yummy

It's a hassle from where in OC I live to get to the decent dim sum places in LA county.  How I miss living in the SF Bay area where dim sum places in Oakland and SF Chinatown are plentiful and yummy.  But when visiting my relatives in Vegas, this is an excellent choice. Each plate of dim sum was about $2 each, plus or minus some change.
First, the plusses:  Orchids Garden offers Dim Sum all day, not just during the morning and lunch hours.  It's inexpensive.  Two of us staggered out for $18, including tax and a generous tip.
The minuses:  It's way too far away from my apartment near UNLV.  As in too many transfers, too long a bus ride.  The Dim Sum was okay.  We had a variety of dishes, but nothing was superb.
The neither-good-nor-bad:  Orchids Garden also has American-style Chinese food (Chow mein, sweet and sour something...).  I saw an Anglo couple (I'm Anglo, too) with those kinds of dishes on their table.  There were also plenty of Asians eating Dim Sum or real Chinese food.  If I were going out for Chinese food with a very mixed group (which would be my classmates, or my former colleagues), this would be a good choice because everyone could get something to their liking.
i've been to most of the dim sum places in Vegas, and I have to say Orchid Garden reminds me the most of the good dim sum places in Los Angeles. And the fact it serves dim sum allll day ~ bonus!!!
Just got back from a *fabulous* lunch at Orchids Garden. Clearly I'm not Asian and for some background I didn't grow up in Cali or anything, so I am no expert in dim sum. I've had it a few times in Houston at various spots, but this was by far the best dim sum I've had. 

We had many many types of dumplings. Some with mushrooms, most had some sort of shrimp or pork in there somewhere. Chinese broccoli was cooked perfectly. One of the surprise favorites was a platter of rolled up "wide noodles" (damn I wish I knew the name of them!). They looked like tripe or something icky, but trust me - order them! 

So if you're new to dim sum and want to give it a shot, this place is an excellent place to start. Our check came out to $35 for 2 of us, but we got disgusting amounts of food. I'm too embarassed about how much we ate to sit back and tally up how many pieces that must have been!
Wowie! Dim sum ALL DAY for DIRT CHEAP prices!

My group of people wanted some good Chinese food, so with some advice from one of my friend's local relatives, we strayed away from The Strip and came here. 

They had all the normal dim sum goodies... sui mai, BBQ pork buns, flour rice sheet with shrimp, deep fried shrimp balls and more! Everything was pretty fresh and I DIDN'T get sick after eating here. Amazing! I loved their desserts. They had mango pudding and this fabulous sweet egg custard bun (not made with the typical white bun, but more like a pastry). They're Chinese broccoli was cooked perfectly. I thought the black bean short ribs had a strange taste to them. But overall, I had a great experience here.

It's definitely worth coming here if you want to get away from The Strip and pay REASONABLE prices for some good food. To feed NINE people it only cost about $80, including tax AND tip. AMAZING! Another time we ate there, it only cost about $50 to feed all nine of us again. It's almost a miracle that you can even eat for that cheap in Vegas! Don't let this miracle slip away!
I just had breakfast at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine and coming from the bay area I was very disappointed. I spoke to a young Asian couple there and asked if there were any good dim sum places in the area. They said Chang's was as good as it gets in Vegas. They did mention Orchids Garden as a close alternative. So lunch time hits and here I am. The staff was friendly I was seated right away and the carts immediately came to my table. I tried the same dishes as Chang's which were shiu mai, har gow and rice noodle rolls with shrimp. I also tried the fried shrimp ball with fried sugar cane sticks  which I did not see on Chang's menu. The shiu mai was fresh and delicious, very comparable to places back home as was the har gow. The rice noodle rolls were equally tasty and slightly better than back home. We have a different version of the sugar cane shrimp roll back home that has a crab leg in place of the fried sugar cane stick. The shrimp used in this item had a great flavor and the texture to the shrimp ball was perfect. 5 stars and this is definitely going to be my regular dim sum spot!!!
WORDS THAT DO NOT GO TOGETHER 

Discount & Sushi 
Freelance & Gynecology 
Refurbished & Pacemaker 

And most recently... DIM SUM & ALL DAY 

As soon as I heard it was an all day dim sum place my spidey sense went berserk. I tried mentioning other options like Noodle Palace, KFC, or even cyanide...but I didn't want to be rude to the birthday girl so off we went. 

1st Impression: It's 2pm on a Friday...this is SO not the time to go for dim sum. 

2nd Impression: Overflowing trashcan as soon as you walk in. ***getting nauseous*** 

3rd Impression: The smell of rancid oil. ***Mental note not to eat anything fried and getting more nauseous*** 

4th Impression: I bit down into a COLD piece of siu mai. ***Thinking happy thoughts to hold back chunks***

5th Impression: 'Why aren't we leaving?', I think to myself as we proceed to order MORE food. 

6th Impression: 1/2 the food that we order is cold and we are forced to ask the cart lady to get us hotter trays from the bottom of the cart ***Thinking about where I can locate and Epipen and wondering why we're still there*** 


In summary: This is one of the nastiest dim sum places I have EVER encountered. As I predicted, all day dim sum means a lot of their stuff is frozen and machine made (e.g. har gao, char siu bao, etc.). If you have no idea what good dim sum tastes like, don't like yourself very much, or are in a state where euthanasia is illegal then come on in. Otherwise, avoid like the plague.
this place isnt bad but its not really good either. (food wise)

They have dim sum all day, and the prices are cheap so that is good.

But i won't come here again. Straight up.
This is one of the best Dim Sum Houses in Vegas. Usually very busy and in fact I have walked out on occasion because I don't like to wait in their long lines of hungry guests for a table. If you can hit it right and don't have to wait to sit down, you will have great dim sum at a very reasonable price.
This is one of our two dim sum restaurant of choice in Las Vegas.  The price is inexpensive for dim sum, and conveniently located for students attending classes at CSN's Cheyenne and Charleston campuses.

We usually only go to dim sum between 11am-1pm, so have not encountered issues with dim sum being cold. The food we typically order are usually served hot or warm, unless it is supposed to be served cold.

The variety of selection is comparable to most other dim sum restaurants.  The quality is average, nothing that blows away your expectations, and is a good value for the menu pricing.

Is it the best quality dim sum available in Las Vegas?  No.
Is it good dim sum for the price?  Absolutely!
I lunched here last week with a coworker that suggested it. I found the dishes to be delicious and tasty. We had a bit of everything, har gow, shu mai, fried shrimp balls, chicken feet, pork buns, etc. I can't say that I disliked any of it. I will admit the chicken feet were a bit weird, it was my first time trying them. The sauce they were cooked in was very flavorful, it was just the texture of the feet that I found hard to get past. Three of us ate to our heart's content (and then some) for around $40. I'm so happy I found this place!!!
One of the best dim sum restaurants I've ever been to. The food was delicious. The dim sum that arrived on carts were still warm and & prepared fresh. I would recommend the calamari, it wasn't too crunchy which I liked.  

The servers were more polite than usual for a chinese dim sum restaurant and every time we asked for a certain item not on that person's cart they would try to grab the attention of the person pushing the cart with the food we wanted. 

The only negative was that their bathrooms weren't so great. Not too clean, toilet paper on the floor and such.
Dim sum is the best hangover cure, and nothing screams Vegas like all day dim sum.

Orchids Garden serves dim sum from 10:30 AM until 10:30 PM, every day.

Called for lunch reservations at a friend's recommendation, then took a taxi over. Didn't wait long for our table. The Saturday we were there, the main dining room was chock full of families, locals, and those who probably taxied over. (Yes, all good eats are off Strip.) Orchids Garden is ready for crowds: they have a large parking lot and a second high-capacity dining room purposed for lunch, dinner, and banquets.

We feasted on chicken feet, delicious green peppers with shrimp, tender tripe, tasty siu mai, pork buns, flour rice sheets, and fried shrimp balls wrapped about sugar canes - my favorite of the morning. Plates were strewn about, chopsticks flew. Servers constantly came by to clear our dishes and to ask if we wanted more food which was always appreciated. Drinks-wise, we skipped alcohol and sipped chrysanthemum and jasmine tea.

The bill was reasonable, especially split amongst friends. I'll be back!
Lived here for years and discovered this place, when I had just a horrible experience at my previous dim sum place. EXCELLENT selection, attentive service and fantastic value! You can come in for a quick nosh or stay for hours, and the staff treats you very well. I have been there about 5 times so far, and it hasnt changed. Virtually never a wait for seating (unlike Cathay House and the others). 

They always have a nice selection of carts with both the usual (shu mai, siopao, shrimp balls) and unusual items of interest (tripe, chicken feet). As in all Dim Sum eateries, be prepared to wait if you have a favorite. Otherwise, just pickup your ticket and go searching. This is actually ok behaviour there and will quicken your time waiting.
It's not five star, but really it's not their fault they're in Las Vegas and not Chinatown San Francisco. 

And that's what I compare it to. Anyways, my favorite dishes are Shrimp noodle and Beef Noodle, because that ponzuesque sauce is to die for! Also the BBQ Pork buns, whether you go sweet or not are amazing.

I routinely come here and eat far more than I need to. The only draw back is that not enough people come here so the carts aren't always popping out fresh stuff, so things can become luke warm. But the food is still amazing.

The best Dim Sum in Las Vegas bar none!
I am going to give this dim sum place 5 stars.

1. For having everything I'm looking for when I go to a dim sum restaurant
2. For not having to wait an hour or two for dim sum.  I have NEVER waited to be seated at this joint.
3. For impeccable service.  Nice waiting service.  They're fast, they don't force you to buy, and they come to you immediately if you call for them.
4. All the food is good and still warm.  I can't say its the best dim sum tasting food I have but it does the job, and some of the dim sum is really good.
5. I give this place 5 stars...because of their baked egg custard buns.  They're so yummy!

On top of my five reasons, they have a wider variety than I've seen.  Not sure if they have the porridge I want though.  Have to go back and check.

Try the baked egg custard buns.  They're to die for.  My cousin and I share like 7 plates of these.  =D!  Yum!
Pretty good dim sum place just a little off the strip.  Large enough room that we didn't have any problem seating around 10 people pretty quickly.  Food came quick too and there is plenty or various dishes to choose from.  I highly recommend the crispy fried calamari, which has the legs... i love the legs!  I very much enjoyed everything I tried here.  Will definitely like to come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Dim Sum all day with a huge variety !
Wanted to check this place out because it has Peking Duck.  You can order Roast Duck 1/2 or Full, but the Peking Duck has to be a full.  We decided to do the Dim Sum because the carts were coming by as fast as Nascar laps. 
My favorites were: Shrimp ball in eggplant & Rice Noodle with Beef (ask for xtra sauce on side from this dish for some of the other plates that only serve a mayo sauce) 
All the others seemed pretty standard or too greasy.  This place is excellent for groups  & kids,  and they have flat screens to watch football.  It's not the best dim sim, however, service is quick and there is ample parking in the front & rear.
We try this place like couple we ago. It ok!! 

Since we had bad experience in Chang's Hong Kong Cruises LV. We drive around and hope to find a dim sum place for lunch... We Stop by a Chinese place and ask someone for information. He recommend Orchids Garden, so we give it a try..... It was about 1pm and the place was pretty full of people but we still got a table with no wait... Most worker are women, the only thing was I can't really tell who's waitress, who's the lady pushing the cart...cos they all pretty much look like work with everything.... 

We were so hungry and need to meet someone in an hour include 15 to 20 mins driving time, so we just want to eat and go.... Well, there dim sum was ok, a little better then Chang's... but it also cold... and the Har Gaw (steam shrimp dumpling) had hard skin, so as the Fun Gou (other white skin steam dumpling). What's up with these place... can't keep up the temperature.... Even you have good food, the temperature is most importance too. Yes is hard to keep dim sum on the right temp, but you still have to find a way to deal with it. "Esply when a place SERVE DIM SUM FOR ALL DAY."  

Anyway, we still like to go back and try again. Next time if the food is cold,... oh ya I'll talk to them about that problem...
This place is great. Me and my roomates come here once in a while to get that "itis" and have not been disappointed yet. One of my favorite items is a sweet bread roll thats an orange color, and also has an orange filling and topped of with it as well. I cant remember what its actually called but I have dubbed this item simply "Christmas" because thats what it taste like, a delicious Christmas morning.
This place used to be good...we've been going for a few years. We overlooked that it was dirty because the food was cheap and good. We're Chinese and sadly expect a lot of good Chinese food places to be on the dirty side. Over the past 6 months, we've had really bad food experiences.We kept going back hoping it was going to get better again or maybe the last time was a bad fluke. After 5 more of these bad experiences, we knew we won't be going back even though it was the only place we knew that had 24hr dim sum. The service is typical rude Chinese, and I'm Chinese. Sometimes the dim sum is spoiled tasting. Recently they kept raised the prices of the dim sum and they will stamp a higher priced letter than what is listed on the menu. We never complained when we first saw them stamping higher priced dim sum items when it should have been the lowest priced item because we didn't want to be the "complainers". It's also a totally different price than what they advertise on the sign outside.  Thank goodness my mom knows her math, cuz I just pay a bill when I get it. Well they over charged us by $35 recently and had the nerve to argue with us about it. When we forced them to re-add, they never apologized or admitted to any wrong doing. They corrected the amount, put it on the table and walked away. We definitely will never return and suggest that the people who do go, keep a watchful eye on the dim sum stamp as well as add up your own bill. And if it tastes wierd, it's probably spoiled because they have all day dim sum and the crap may have been sitting out all day.
The hustle and bustle on a weekday afternoon didn't surprise me considering good Chinese food is hard to find here! But this place seems to be where the local older Chinese people come to.

The best dim sum, hands down I've had, was in Vancouver, Canada . But I digress.


This place overall is probably one of the best in town. It's clean (I give high marks for this-nothing kills an appetite like a dirty joint), the selection is varied, and some dishes like the bok choy are delicious.

I would definitely recommend coming here to try it out for yourself.
Came twice.

First was we saw it and we were hungry driving by and 2nd time we brought my inlaws. 

It's no LA, dim sum but I appreciate that they had dimsum through the day as we night people have to wake up "early" to make it to a dimsum cutoff. It was decent both times, though limited...but I would expect so for serving all day. 

We had a few entrees and all we got were very good and where I rate them higher for than the dimsum in terms of taste. I liked that they did a ginger scallion chicken here, but it was crispy chicken instead of steamed...just a different take on a favorite is sometimes nice. Grandma really liked her mongolian beef and it was good- soft meat and not too spicy. Mom in law got lo mein and was happy with it. Got also shrimp walnuts and they were big and fresh. 

Overall, not a bad place. Service was decent too and at least I can get a few dimsum dumplings during dinner time. Still- I'm holding my breath on if I'll ever find a place that has amazing dimsum like home.
The venue is huge, but the dim sum sucks! 

It's supposed to be dim sum all day long, BUT the secret to their success is to warm up the food sitting in the carts all day long.. in the microwave.

It is so apparent & obvious by the texture of the food, taste and smell.  However, I was dismayed to learn that when you actually order from the menu....it's not that bad. They do have really good egg fu yung, so an extra star for the item ordered off the menu.
Our uncle brought us to Orchids.  This place has a very good variety of dim sum.  You don't have wait forever like some of the other places for the carts to come around.  For Vegas, it's pretty good!  Will be back soon!
This is definitely the place to get your dim sum on in Sin City.  Took my old school parents here and they loved the place.  Ate here late on a Monday afternoon and it was plenty crowded with folks chomping down on dim sum.  The prices are pretty cheap compared to SJ.

Really enjoyed the chicken feet and XO noodles!  The place is huge and there was no waiting.  The service was pretty good.  This place is not the Bellagio, but it is priced accordingly also :)
So, as we walk into Orchids Gardens, my friend tells me that this particular location has been shut down several times by the health department, and then has re-branded itself several times.  My response?  Well they must have their act together now.

We were sat promptly in the vast room at a large round table.  A server came by immediately and offered us drinks and then we were bombarded by a line of waitresses sling all kinds of food items of a plastic encased rolling gueridon.  A lot of times, we couldn't understand what they were selling, but we tried it anyway, cause we were feeling adventurous.  

One overwhelming factor in my poor experience was the temperature of the food.  Out of the ten items we received, one was hot, three were luke warm, and six were cold.  The flavors and textures were decent, but it was pretty hard to get past the temperature issue.   

Maybe i'll com back and try ordering off the menu, but for now, thumbs down.
Dim sum in Vegas is so hit or miss. And lately it's been misses. To me, there are only two competing Dim Sum houses. Cathay House and Orchids Garden. Here is my criteria for a good Dim Sum joint . TEMPERATURE = Freshness. Taste. Variety. Speed of service. 

Here's my tip:
You need a battle plan. The prime time to visit is 10:30 AM. This is when 90% of the time the food is hot. The crowd has yet to form. If you miss this time try your best to sit in the room in the east (left room from entrance). This is where the carts come out and you're most likely to get the hottest items. When you can't get the carts to come in time, grab your waiter and tell them what you want. Be active it's a war zone!
Packed parking lot, but the place was so big we didn't have to wait. 

Friendly service for a Dim Sum place.  

Excellent variety. Voted best Dim Sum in LV in '09. I've tried a few, and this will be my new go-to place.

Pineapple bun here is the BEST. Like a soft cripsy cream donut.
Service: Good to Ok 
Food: Good 
Restaurant: Good, Accommodates Large Groups 
Return Visits: Yes, every week! 
Favorites: Pork Shiu Mai, Chicken Feet, Sweet Yellow Bun, Shrimp Noodle, Chinese Broccoli, Fried Dumpling, Chow Fun and other things that we just point at because when we asked what they are, they say something we can't pronounce :) 

We are here every Sunday because food is really good! Yes, sometimes the service is slow and sometimes the item that we want isn't "ready" yet but we are always happy when we come here. We're here so often that most of the cart ladies know who we are and know what we like! We take out-of-towners to Orchids Garden and it's  always a requested trip when they return!

And for those that know the typical "cleanliness" of a Restroom in a Chinese restaurant... Well, they actually renovated theirs, so, you can't smell it from the seating area-- like most, so you're not likely to be squeamish and it's also really pretty in there!
One thing you don't have to wait for is seating and service. Orchids Garden has a ton of seating and they seem to have just as many carts filled with Dim Sum.
A friend of mine recently recommended I try the Dim Sum at Orchids Gardens being I'm a huge fan, and today was the day. Now, let me start by mentioning I'm a huge advocate for Ping Pang Pong inside the Gold Coast. Past the cheesy name and the location I think it serves up some serious Dim Sum. 

Orchids Garden however, was basically Ping Pang without any cons. The Dim Sum was supurb. It was a constant stream of different dishes being sent out every five minutes. Everything I recognized from the shrimp dumplings, BBQ pork buns, and Coconut Pastries to Fried Calamari, Clams & Mussels, and even Fried Shrimp covered in noodles. 

Every single dish was equal or above the quality Ive experienced at Ping Pang, or Cathay House, making Orchids numuro UNO on my list of must try Dim Sum. I cannot wait till next Tuesday for more Dim Sum @ OG's :)
I just got home not to long ago from going to Orchids Garden first time with one of my girls. We had chicken feet, taro, noodles, different shrimps like Shrimp paste in eggplant and dim sim blanket , and much more. I didn't know what to expect especially when she said that she was gonna order some chicken feet for me to try. It was actually pretty good. It was DIM SUM, of course since it says DIM SUM all day. Everything that she ordered, I tried and they were pretty good. The only thing that I didn't care for was the Inside of the taro. I must say that if I had to pick my favorites, they would have to be the chicken feet and mango pudding. We are already making plans to go again very soon. YAY!!
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star. Its like a restaurant has to try to get a 1 star review from me.

I came here around 12:15 waiting for my the others in my party. When they arrived, it was around 1pm. We got seated, and I swear someone released a stink bomb in the room or something, the entire place turned into a ghost town.

@ Calamari - I ate it. it was cold. Was I in a sushi restaurant, not a dim sum restaurant? Nope. Just horrible.

@ Shrimp Dumplings - One of the orders, the skin fell apart. The other the shrimp was all mushy, as if it has been nuked in the microwave. 

@ Pork Dumplings - Cold and mushy. Same texture as the shrimp dumplings. 

@ Sesame Balls - Oily, cold, goopy item. Once this gets cold, it just gross.

@ Jook - They ran out by 1PM. Blah.

There were more items, but I guess they weren't good enough for me to remember the dishes. 

Some of you may be saying, show up earlier or go during prime time dim sum time. Yup, I'm fully aware of that. But what kind of establishment goes from good to suckage for the changeover to regular lunch? If a restaurant lets me order it, I can review it as is. This just shows poor quality control on their part, willing to sacrifice their name to earn a couple of bucks for disappointing dim sum. Either keep up the quality or don't serve dim sum after a certain time.

I'll be willing to give this place another chance and I'll come during prime time, but I can't see the score improving that much. Until then, stay out of this place after 1pm.
OMG... My friend and I went to Orchid's Garden once again... And I am just getting home now. OMG.. I love going there. The last time we went, she wasn't sure if I would like it.. I loved it and I loved it again today. The last time our bill came out to like $23... today we spent $45 for the two of us.... We ate sooooooooooooooo much that it felt like we needed to be rolled out of the restaurant..kinda like Violet in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory (the original version)....LOL...  We were soooooo stuffed from eating the garlic flavored oysters, chicken feet  (she took one piece and I ate the rest), STICKY RICE... (It was fantastic), noodles, Shrimp paste in egglant, some kind of shrimp that had flavor coating... THAT was good. I forgot the name, but they looked like stuffed mushrooms, and much much more.. Let's just say we just about covered the entire table of food... lots of DIM SUM, and my favorite dessert - MANGO PUDDING... I normally don't each much, but today I was hungry - sooooo hungry that I could probably have eaten everything with a given amount to of time by my self. She was starving too!!! We plan on going once again. We even discussed maybe once every payday!!!
Orchids rates a solid 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to 4 just because I thought it was slightly better than A-ok.  

They open for 10:30 and we got there at 10:25.  It was awesome to be one of the first inside.  The dining room is quite large and it filled up quickly.  

Selections came out in abundance and we were able to grab everything we were craving.  All the usual suspects were involved (shu mai, har gow, fried meat dumpling, sticky rice, pork buns, etc.), but the best thing was the price.  We ate a TON and left with a $44 bill which included the tip.  Not too shabby for a party of 4.  

Love this place and would definitely go back again next time I'm in town and feel like dining off the strip.
We went on a Sunday afternoon (around 1 PM) and the left side of the restaurant was packed; I don't think the right side was open.  Despite the number of people, we did not have to wait to be seated at all.

It has been YEARS since I've had dim sum in an actual dim sum restaurant so I was excited.  It was my companion's first time (ever) to a dim sum restaurant, and I think he liked it.

I gave 3 stars because there were a lot of carts and a lot of different items to choose from, but not very many just meat or just veggie options.  We were seated quickly and our water and hot tea were brought at promptly as was our plain steamed rice (for my semi-picky 2-year old)  Also, a lot of what we ordered was a little greasier than I expected it to be.  I don't know the exact names for the items but I'll try my best to describe them.

CHOW FUN: I think that is what the lady called it.  I'm used to chow fun being flat noodles cut finger-width and quickly sauteed with some meat and veggies and soy sauce.  This chow fun was kind of like one big sheet of rice noodle rolled up, then sliced into 1-inch logs and cooked in oil, soy sauce and chili.  Whatever it was, I liked it and would definitely order again.

FRIED CALAMARI: Crispy, chewy, crunchy with a little spice (from a small amount of diced jalapeno).  It was alright.  I've had better and I've had worse.  My daughter had fun eating this one.

PORK BUNS: We had two kinds. One steamed and I think the other was baked with honey on top.  Both had a sweet red pork filling.  I liked the steamed version while my companion preferred the softer, sweeter, baked version.

TURNIP CAKE:  Kinda mushy, warm and Turnip-y.  It was how I remembered turnip cake to be (only back home they would fry it to order in front of you).  My companion did not care for it, but it reminded me of home.  I guess its an acquired taste, or a textural preference.

EGGPLANT WITH SHRIMP PASTE:  I don't know if this is steamed or fried.  The shrimp part was alright; the eggplant was a little greasy and under-seasoned.  The server added a little mystery sauce (soy reduction or oyster sauce...I don't know) but that didn't really help.

PORK SHUMAI: tasted like shu-mai? Kind of like the calamari: I've had better and I've had worse.

CREAM  PUFF: that's what they called it.  It was a soft baked bun filled with a small amount of plain whipped butter and topped with shredded coconut.  We were disappointed.  It was alright, but not what we were expecting.

EGG TART: simple egg  custard baked in a puff pastry shell.  My personal favorite... a little skimpy on the filling, but I didn't  mind.

SESAME BALL:  it was just ok.  Crispy on the outside and semi-sweet on the inside.  The rice paste came out a little mushy/pasty instead of chewy.

The table next to us had some fried chicken wings but none of the carts we saw had them.  I did see some chicken feet pass by, though.

I'd come back again...but I'd probably ask to see a menu, too...Just in case.
We got into Vegas very early and so we decided to get some dim sum for breakfast. Though this place is a bit further away from the Strip, it was worth it!! 

This place was packed, plus a lot of customers were Chinese. Which to me means one thing, this place doesn't suck. We sat down, and instantly the carts were roaming around our table. There were a great variety of dim sum and it was pretty good. We also had great service. Our tea pot was always full and our water cups were never empty. 

Overall, I would definitely come back for dim sum. The food was good, service was great, and price was affordable. 

P.S. - I went to Ping Pang Pong a few days later, and that place sucked balls (service and food is horrible). That place can not be comparable to Orchids Garden. Orchids is 10 times better IMO.
In the mood for dim sum in Vegas? This is the place to go. A very friendly staff and plenty of food to go around. It's not exactly on the strip but not very far from it. Fried shrimp, dumplings of all kinds, seaweed salad, sticky rice, the list goes on and on. A couple friends i was with got general tso's chicken and another chicken dish on the side, both looked great. I would go back for sure!
love this place.  we went at night once but it wasn't as fresh as coming during the day..

if I could name favorites I would, so I gotta start taking pics and posting them instead.

it's a pretty big place that can get really busy.. but their definitely on top
of coming around and making sure your taken care of.  they are very friendly and accommodating and will take an order of dim sum for you If you for some reason missed it when it came around.

even though it gets really busy, it's big enough your not sitting on top of patrons next to you.  the wait is never more than 10 minutes...  and all the waiters and waitresses are super friendly.  

I am very satisfied with the service here.
it's my favorite dim sum place in vegas so far!
The great thing about dim sum is instant gratification. They walk around showing you their various appetizers, you see a dish that you like and you order it. No waiting, no guessing. This is a great place for dimsum. They have a wide variety of dishes to choose from and their food quality has always been consistent. I have been going here for years. Overall experience is excellent and service is friendly considering that you have to use sign and body language to communicate with them. If you want a quiet &romantic meal though I would recommend that you pick a different place.
My friend, her son, and I went once again today and loved all the food. For some reason, the food was better today than it was the last two times.. And bigger. The shrimp was bigger. The eggplant was bigger and tastier. We had two orders of chicken feet, steamed sticky rice, and much much more. I am definitely going again.
BF and I got shafted trying to go to Ethiopian today and went completely opposite for a hankering of dimsum delights.

Our dishes-

Har Gao- good, but small compared to other dimsum places.
Shu Mai- decent and was juicy,
Guk Char Siu Bao-  BBQ pork bun in sweet bun instead of white fluffy buns. These were were good, nice chewy, sweet buns and the pork was nicely seasoned
Har Cheung Fun- fresh shrimp in large roll noodles with sweet soy. These were good, but the soy needed to be a tad more sweet and light....I think they might have not put the right sauce since that tasted more like seasoning soy.
Yeung Qi Dze-  eggplant stuffed with shrimp paste served with a black bean sauce. It was okay, I don't know if I like it like that since there isn't much taste to the eggplant aside from the sauce outside. I like cooking eggplant in sauce better- it then takes the flavor...Better yet, get a eggplant hot pot- delish! 
Pai gwat- pork spareribs. One of my favorite dimsum dishes...theirs was good, soft meat with a little fat and yummy black beans. 
Fried Shrimp Balls- I dunno the Chinese name of this, but it''s fried crispy outside, shrimp inside and mayo for dipping...whats not to like? 
Sin Chet Kuen- bean curd rolls with pork,mushroom and bamboo shoot inside and braised in a light sauce. These are one of my favorites as a kid....haven't had in a while and it brought me back.
Dan Tat- egg custard pastry cups. Not bad, but not the best I've had. Needed more egg to pastry ratio I think, but the pastry was quite nice and flaky. 
Mang gwo bu ding- pretty good mango pudding. It's a nice touch they put milk on top of it...this is how I eat it at home, but most places do not put milk on it.

Yes, there was only me and the BF. Today we were fatties and had a dim sum feast. I haven't done this in all the time I've lived in Vegas (3 years) so it was quite nice to do on a occasion...it was a monthly tradition growing up in LA. 

The plus here is the service. Even though the carts are limited they keep them coming. Seriously, you are bombarded,in a friendly manner, with carts declaring their offerings every few minutes. If you are looking for something on the dimsum list that isn't on the carts, don't be afraid to ask as they are friendly here and will gladly get it for you if it's available. A server also comes around and checks on everyone often and was on our drink refills. This is absolutely refreshing after some rude treatment and being ignored at Changs (see my review).

Funny that this place runs all day and has just about as much dimsum selection as Changs as well. Limited, but in this situation it's acceptable for an all day dimsum to have just more of the popular dishes and not the "imperial" selections. Just a note, but lunch/regular dim sum time is cheaper until 3 pm, and the prices for dimsum go up after that. Still, it is still reasonable prices for late night dimsum 3-10pm. I have yet to come before 3 during lunch, but I imagine there will be more selection with a busier clientele at that time. 

I have not tried Ping Pang Pongs...but I think this is the preferred spot for dim sum so far and might be the better of the places simply because we night folk can come have it anytime. Look, it's nothing like anything in LA, but it's good enough. If I keep comparing it then I set myself up for a bad day....it's like comparing a Honda Civic, good and reliable to a delicious, polished Audi S6. It's just on a different level.
My husband and I ALWAYS have dim sum here when we are in Vegas. Great prices. Good food. Fast cart rotation. My favorite part of dim sum is the calamari, seaweed sushi roll with delicious sweet and sour and lastly thier tiny little fruit tart cups. But the fruit tarts are only served on Sat/Sun. I was very much disappointed when I went there on a Monday for dim sum and they didnt have them.
Known for its Dim Sum, this place is always pretty busy. You can tell from the parking lot and the crowd-filled lobby. We hadn't been here in a long while. Seems to have caught on with many other people, as the clientelle today was a huge mix of people: Asians of all types, Hawaiians, and Caucasians. Don't even come here on a holiday weekend as you will wait for about 30-45 minutes (we did that once- we won't make that mistake again).

It's still yummy! We had the chinese broccoli (steamed just right), sio mai, shrimp balls (mmm, another favorite), shrimp on the sugar cane (one of my hubby's favorites), pork buns (another hubby's favorite), egg tarts (one of my favorites, but then I saw the sesame balls... darn), and rice cakes (love this!). I had the hot tea (good stuff, so fragrant) while he had water. We didn't finish everything- we had leftovers. Less than $26.00 plus tip. Maybe next time we won't wait so long, to come again.  (BTW, there's way more other dishes (noodles, chicken feet, tripe, rice, wide noodles with shrimp, soup, etc.) that they have- the ones that we get, just happens to be our favorites.) 

The service is very good. We were seated right away, maybe because were just a party of two. The server brought us drinks right away (and refills too). Although, very busy, the servers are pretty quick, pushing the heavy food-filled carts to every table in the restaurant. Some of them speak english, some do not. If you're not clear (repeat yourself) you might get another dish by mistake. They stamp your card accordingly after you make your selections. When you have empty plates or containers on your table, someone comes over and grabs them. 

There are two sections to the restaurant. A bathroom is located in the lobby. There are TVs all around, but because there are so many diners, you only just see the screens and can't hear them. But that's ok, because you're in the company of good eats! 

This place has been around for years; the name might have changed a few times, but the food is still top notch. Definitely still The place for Dim Sum. I'm getting the sesame balls next time instead of the egg tarts.
Nice place for quality and reasonably priced dimsum.  Restaurant  is older, but has a comfortable, large dining room.
This is good dim sum, good variety but I think a little more expensive than Chang's.  They have 2 different kinds of egg custard tarts YUM!
I love Orchids. The only other dim sum place I've been to in Las Vegas was Ping Pang Pong.. and they were pretty good but expensive.

Anyway, went on a Friday afternoon for lunch. It was about 1pm and it was actually quite empty. We got seated, and right away, the ladies are coming around with their carts full of delicious dim sum. I have the hardest time ordering stuff here because in Hawaii, we call everything by a different name! Its so confusing! haha.

We ordered:
Chicken Char-siu Bao (manapua!) - I thought it was good, they are mini and the filling wasn't char-siu but it was some sort of chicken. 
Shrimp Half moon - I really don't know what the chinese name of this is, but in Hawaii we call it half moon. 
Pork Hash - They were small but I thought they were kind of oily.. but good!
Shrimp Rolls: I call it look fun back home, but none of the ladies knew what the eff we were talking about. It is the shrimps wrapped with a sheet of rice paper with shoyu type sauce poured all over it. This is my favorite thing to order. 
Eggplant w/Shrimp Paste: This was kind of cold by the time we got it, but it was ok. I ordered the bellpepper stuffed with this paste previously.. but I like the eggplant one better.

The service is quick. If it is not too busy, the ladies will come up to you every single time they come around.. even if you said you didn't want what was on their cart. We had to ask a few times for the shrimp rolls in the flat rice noodle, after about the 3rd time asking, the lady went to find that cart and brought the dish to us. 

After about 6 plates, out bill was under $20. I've been wanting to try some other dim sum places.. but I like Orchids because its a big space and the dim sum is pretty good.
Surprisingly quick service and short wait time for a table of 12 even at 1pm on a Sunday.  Lots of variety of dim sum to choose from.  Good thing food is right in front of you and ready to eat because I was HUNGRY.  The ladies that work the carts of food around the restaurant are friendly and helpful, even though they are persistent in trying to get you to buy more.  I usually eat dim sum in Westminster at Seafood Cove (previously Dragon Phoenix).  This place's dim sum was better, in my opinion.  Not as salty and leaving you parched for lots of water as Seafood Cove.  All in all, a great place to eat with family while in Vegas.  We order a lot of dishes and were completely stuffed. The bill was $160 before tax and tip.
For LV, this place sure knows how to make good dim sum.  I've only been here once, and it was just as good (possibly even better) than Seafood Paradise in Westminster.  After a night of clubbing and drinking this really hit the spot.

1.  The place looks ok, I think they can fix it up a little, but it's not gross or anything.  Regular cloths, uncomfortable chairs, not too roomy to walk around.  It's not too bad, but definitely not a first date location.

2.  The service is pretty good.  They were attentative, fast, and courteous.  They brought us the dishes quickly and were eager to serve.  The water refills came every so often, and they brought us rice as well.

3.  The food was so fresh and delicious.  I don't know if it was because it was so fresh and I was hung over or if it is just the cooks there, but the food was PERFECT.  It was a perfect brunch for 12 of us.  We literally cleaned out all of their carts and the restaurant had to wait about 10 mins for more dim sum.  And once that came out, we did some damage to that too.  The total bill for us was $12.50 per person, and that's including tax and tip.  Seriously!  That cheap to feed all of us with delicious Chinese Brunch?  Win!!

This is definitely a great dim sum place for Vegas.  I'll hit this place up again for sure when I'm in the mood for something off the strip.
Where did the shumai go?!?! It shrank at Orchids, that's for sure. I don't know if its fair to compare this place to any Dim Sum spots that I've been to in a Chinatown in SF or LA. But I've tasted better, and I will. Honestly, the Dim Sum wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. I walked in and it definitely looked and smelled like the usual Chinese restaurant but the food definitely didn't taste like one. The breaded shrimp balls were of usual size but it came with only two pieces. I don't think I've ever been to a Dim Sum spot where they only serve you two pieces of anything, its usually 4. This has to be bad Feng Shui. Like I brought up earlier, they were also serving the smallest shumai that I've EVER seen. The pork buns were delicious due to the fluffy white bread with glaze on top, but there was hardly any pork, they should just call it BUN! I know we are in a recession, but geez, don't make it so obvious! 

Its a bit far from the strip and the prices are decent. With the size of their dishes it better be affordable. This is the only Dim Sum place that I've tried in LV and I know all the other ones are a bit more pricey, so this may be a good spot for locals but not if you've been to any Chinatown before. I would only comeback if friends decide to comeback, otherwise I would pass.

The only positive is that we were able to sit 24 people instantly. Which is A-OK in my book!
"DO YOU WANT TO TRY THE CARL?"

Uhhh is that the only thing you have here at Orchids Garden?

After an entire weekend of debauchery, eating the greatest foods, a saturday night partying in XS, I expected so much more from a highly yelped place.

Dim Sum all day:
I don't understand this concept because i cannot fathom what happens right when we leave, more dimsum will either magically appear or you will close for a couple hours and reopen again for the hung-over and hung-ry.

Like my friend Jeff C. said last night, "Shumai was like honey i shrunk the kids" Because it was so little i questioned if i was really eating it or it was another Las Vegas desert mirage.

I've had bad dimsum before in San Diego, but man, it feels like, this is the absolute worst I have had. Its not that it was disgusting, but the whole idea of the little carts coming around and you choosing from a plethora of dim sum options was non existent and I was left sorely disapppointed. 

The only think i had here was a potential to meet some people that i apparently danced the night away with... If i could remember them.

Unlike a night of partying with some major cuties, Orchids Garden left me with the smallest figment of resonating memories.

And why does everyone who works here look strange... and not speak a lick of engrish.

And no, I do not want to try the Carl. You have offered it 8 times.

Sooty L., Did we go to the same place because the place you are describing, Jeff C. and I wish we went there instead.
Okay... I have only lived in Las Vegas for about 2 years now.  The only two places that I have had Dim Sum is at Cathay House (4x's) and Orchid Gardens (first time here).

Honestly, Cathay House has gotten a bit downhill.  So, after this experience, I kinda prefer this place now.  By the way, when I lived in London, we used to have Dim Sum with my clients every Sunday.  After a year of this, I don't frequent Dim Sum as much...lol..

Anyways, my aunt, uncle, and cousin invited me and the wife for a "free" lunch at Orchid Gardens.  Hey man, with a mortgage and expenses, the old saying, "if it is free, it is for me" truly applies.  Heck yeah, I accepted.  LOL...

We went on Sunday afternoon.  It was jammed pack.  We had to wait about 30 minutes.  When we got a table, it was difficult to maneuver through.  

Service -- Well, let's start with the good.  The cart comes around quite frequently.  And, the ladies are very nice.  By the way, they hardly speak a word of english.  I think they are either Vietnamese, Chinese, or a mix of other Asian ethnicity.  But, they are all sweet and polite.  As for getting water or drinks.... Good luck.  Sometimes, I often wish that I bring a big bright flashing red light to alert waiters or bus people to our station for water or any other needs.  Overall, I give this a 3.5 (due to the nice ladies)

Food -- okay, for the life of me, my wife loves chicken feet.  Why oh why?  It is basically bones and skin; but, she devours them.  For someone who weighs 85 pounds, I can understand why.  Personally, I like the Shumai, the pork rib bones, anything with shrimp stuffed in it, and sticky rice.  There are others; but, I don't know how to write it in english.  Overall, the food is very fresh and it is quite good.  By the way, I wish they had more vegetable dishes... i.e. chinese broccoli or bok choy.

After our meal, our tab for about 6 people was barely under $100.  Not bad. 

I would recommend this place.  Enjoy!
My family and I come here often because we miss the dim sum in Hawaii.  After wandering (for 2 years in Las Vegas), we finally decided to make our way into Orchids this year.  I am so glad that we did!  The dim sum is reasonably priced and the selection is abundant.  I would best compare it to Happy Day Chinese Restaurant on Waialae Ave in Honolulu.  FYI, Saturday lunches are always so busy!  Expect to wait a few minutes to be seated.

If you are looking for more "authentic" dim sum, then this isn't it, although they do have their fair share of dim sum from chicken feet in black bean sauce to steamed char siu bao.  My kids enjoy the shumai and the rice wrapped in lotus leaf the most.  But what they really go there for is the sweets!  Lotus bean jin dui (sesame balls filled with lotus or red bean) is ever so present there, just like in Hawaii (yay!).  And often, but not always, they have the cart going around serving you this sweet tofu dessert.  It's a freshly made silken tofu served hot in a sweet ginger-infused syrup.  I'm not sure what they call it in Chinese, but the cart ladies go around asking "sweet tofu?  sweet tofu?"  I know it's made there fresh, because the owner (I think she is one), always reminds us (she knows us that much) that a fresh one is being made ready in 5 minutes or so.

The one thing we would love to see happen is Orchids being open for morning breakfast/brunch.  In Hawaii, it is common to have dim sum for breakfast.  But here in Las Vegas, not so common.  Too bad.

The staff is friendly, as friendly as any Chinese restaurant staff could be...if you haven't been to a Chinese restaurant, don't expect too much in polite, unhurried style of service.  They don't speak English very well, but I would still recommend to stick it out and try it, or just go with someone who knows how and what to order.

If you're from Hawaii, you will probably run into a few local residents who used to live in Hawaii.  That's what I like about Orchids...feels like as if we were home again...
I haven't found another place like this in Vegas, so there really isn't any other place to compare it to.  It's a dim sum place that serves everything like you would find on the streets of Hong Kong.  These carts come around with steamed dim sum and you choose what you want, as much of it as you want.  They also have a regular menu for those who shy away from cart food or dim sum altogether.  I tried their menu and it's decent but isn't the best I've had.  Overall, great place for some good eats when you're on a time crunch and want some dumplings.  I like it, and it's very popular, but unfortunately I cannot say that I'm a fan nor is it as good as it gets.  

To be honest, I like the shumai at Noodle No. 9 in Caesar's Palace, but for any other type of dim sum this restaurant has it.  You want dim sum?  Try here.  It's fun dining!
We went there 2 weeks back and I already don't remember the food.
It was not horrible, but it wasn't amazing either.
I went to this place on a weekday to avoid the crowds. the food came out fast as the dim sum ladies are very good and hits everyone table. food choice was excellent. the fried shrimp dumpling was excellent as well as the haw gaw and si mui. the place is very nice and clean , large dining room and easy parking . excellen choice for out of towners
Dim Sum or lazy man's buffet?

Orchid Garden looks very impressive as you pull in to the parking lot.  When I saw the sign advertising Dim Sum all day, I was elated.  It was like a snow day on a day you didn't do you homework.

I was seated in the busy restaurant and ready to nosh!  Dining here when it is busy reminded me of the crowded China Town streets of Chicago more than the food did.  Waitresses are running up and down the aisled with carts full of various small bites (Dim Sum).  While I liked the variety, I was not blown away by any one dish.

The pork buns, fried calamari, and shrimp puff all had very similar flavors, as if they were seasoned using the same ingredients.  They weren't bad, but did not taste that fresh.  I was reminded of buffet food, which is usually fine but not spectacular.  

The regular menu here has some very interesting and authentic dishes.  (Sea Cucumber, various fungi, etc..)  The Dim Sum is really just like going to a Chinese buffet and not getting out of your seat when you want more.

To dine here without waiting very long, try coming at off times or during lunch on a weekday.  

It is decent Chinese food at fair prices, but the Dim Sum leaves a lot to be desired.
So I came here once before but it was never for the Dim Sum. I noticed that they have Dim Sum all day which is weird to me since most places here stop serving Dim Sum around 2 or 3pm. I've been to a couple places that are popular here in town, but most we tried never left a good impression by the end of our meal. The last time I ever had good Dim Sum was in Hawaii, which is where I am from. So finding a place here in Vegas which had decent Dim Sum was a chore in itself. 

My parents and I went out to have Dim Sum since it was their anniversary, and we decided to give Orchids a shot. We were surprised, the flavor was definitely not lacking and the prices where a bit higher than other places, but not too much-quite reasonable. The selection wasn't bad either, it wasn't on the more authentic side but it was enough for everyone to enjoy and feel satisfied. 

We went there on a Thursday around 3p and it was a little busy but not so busy to where you are waiting for a table, we were seated right away. I am glad that my parents were quite pleased, and I was too. We will be back!
Took a buddy here for lunch the other week.  I had never been here before and we were both starving.  Little did I know how ridiculously aggressive the dim sum servers were.  Do they work on commission or something?  Man.  We had 7 plates on our table within 3 minutes of sitting down because our eyes were bigger than our stomachs.  

The servers annoyed my friend to no end but I actually found it pretty comical.  All the usual suspects for dim sum here and all done well.  I'll definitely be back.
This morning it was Dim Sum Sunday at our house. Everyone was unanimous today. We like going first thing, as soon as it's open, we beat the Sunday crowds but sometimes the carts a little slow coming out. Today they were spot on! 

My husband and I don't understand what they are saying as they stop at the table, he just looks at what they are pointing to and he nods yea or nay. Since we have family in town it was a double yea on most offerings. 

My favorites are anything with shrimp, the sticky buns both steamed and baked, they usually have pork inside, love the eggplant, and today there was a dumpling with pork, chopped veggies and peanuts, it had a little spice to it as well, kinda reminded me of kung pow something. 

This place is always busy, good for two or for twenty. Very loud, vibrant atmosphere were there is lots of activity. The staff are attentive and ready to assist. For Dim Sum in Vegas, this place hits top of the list for me!
This morning decided to take my Mom from HI , and Brother visiting from San Antonio, tx to Orchids our favorite dim sum restaurant in LV. This might b a vague review , I'm sorry but most of the dim sum we ordered I have no idea what the nameswere, just point at what looks good and hope it's not offals.
           The char siu bao both steamed and baked very good , the fillings in both were perfect both flavor and texture. 
         They had alot of shrimp dishes , shrimp stuffed eggplant, tofu and in sheet noodles. We also had the shrimp ball on sugar cane.  The lotus leaf wrapped rice w/ pork was tasty . Mom loved the turnip cake I think that's what it was.. We had alot of other dim sum that were very good , in general everything tasted good . 
              Service was good, not as pushy as other yelpers experienced, carts came around quickly. We really enjoyed ourselves , i don't think u can go wrong here , we've been here maybe a dozen times and we still come back .
Overall I believe this restaurant has the best dim sum in the valley. They serve it all day every day, but the best time to go for the most freshly made dim sum is Saturday or Sunday at lunch time. That is when they are most busy for dim sum. So it'll be a bit of a wait, but this is when it'll taste the best. 

There are many restaurants in the valley that serve dim sum, but Orchids Garden (in my opinion) offers the widest variety of tasty dim sum dishes and the most authentic dim sum eating atmosphere.

Never be shy about asking the ladies pushing the food carts what they have. They may be hard to understand, but they WANT you to order stuff from them, so they will be glad to show you. Be brave and try things you normally wouldn't eat. You may be surprised by some new delicious flavors.
This is Las Vegas. So I have to tone down my perception of food quality in general.  And I've been to this restaurant 3 times in the past 24 months, at different time.

It served Dim Sum all day. But as expected, the dim sums after the rush hour, i.e. at night, was awful. During lunch hours when the foods were fresh, and abundant. The variety has been standard. Nothing too surprising. Lots of fried foods for American.

The price, as in all Las Vegas, was higher for what it's worth. For 2 people the last time we ate there, it's $30 for 10 items. Egg tarts are medium price (all places I've been to charged low price). The chow mien was a bit bland. The Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was very tender on the stalk.

So diners, it's good to have dim sum here during busy hour. For tourists, it's Las Vegas. Get used to it.
Not a bad place to get your Dim Sum fix.  Its certainly cheaper than places on the strip for the tourist...aka..me.  Having tried Changs as well, this place is a little better and a little more expensive than Changs but way cheaper than the wallet draining strip dim sum places. (Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian...etc)  

Arrived here on a weekday at around 11am and plentiful seats was to be found. By 1pm the restaurant was 3/4 full. I imagine being busier on the weekends.

 At least there was a selection of teas (Heurn Peen, Teet Goon Yum, Bo Lei...sorry for the ching-lish translation...lol) aka not the typical green tea,  tea bag in a kettle tea.

Ordered:
Har Gow - Shrimp dumplings - 3/5
Sui Mai - Pork Dumplings - 4/5 - Pretty good
Ha Cheung - Shrimp Rice Roll in Soy Sauce - 4/5
Dan Tat - Egg tart - 2/5 - small and custard was too firm/chalky taste
Chow Mein - 2/5 - Oily but tasty
Pei Dan Sow Yook Jook - 1000 year old egg, pork congee - 3/5
Jeen Dui - Sesame Glutinous Ball - 2/5 - wheres the filling?
Boa Loa Bow - Pineapple Bun - 4/5 - Yum!
Fong Jou - Chicken Feet - 4/5 - Tasty

And a veggie steamed roll ...name escapes me in both Chinese and 'engrish'...lol4/5.

Atmosphere was typical Chinese dim sum with a few yells here and there from the servers.  Don't usually recommend sitting by the kitchen anywhere else, but its a prime spot for dim sum restaurants as you get the first picks/selections and everything is steaming hot.

Total with tip was $35 for 2 people.

The selection was certainly there and could of tried much more...aka spring rolls, veggie dishes, stuffed green peppers, tofu dessert...etc but 10 dishes for 2 people was 'pant sized-up' enough...lol.

Certainly far from the best Ive tasted but passable to get your fix in.
I'd say even better than Cathay House and they are pretty good. Great variety of dim sum, good service, great hot and iced tea. Lots of Asians eat here, so you know it's good.
Love their dim sum!  And it's all day which is a rare find, anywhere..  Their shrimp in rice noodle is the best, but they didn't have it the last time I went in, which is why they don't get five stars..  Oh, and the customer service was great, the lady even gave us calendars to take home..
Went here with the family for lunch. The tea was excellent. Some of the cart pushers were a little too aggressive with their sales pitch.
The only reason I really go here is the fact that they have dim sum ALL DAY. I haven't found any other places in Las Vegas that do this [ if you know one, let me know =p]. 

It isn't the best dim sum I've had, but it satisfies me when I crave dim sum. Service ranges from bad to mediocre. One time, a lady was heading toward our table with the cart... but saw a bigger party seated two tables after us, told us to wait and skipped us to go to them, and then came back once she was finished at their table. It's also pretty hard to get them to refill whatever it is you're drinking.

They also don't clean underneath the tables once people are done eating. So if eating at a booth, be sure to NOT look under the table if you don't want to be disgusted. 

Prices are what you would find at any other dim sum restaurant.
Dim Sum at all hours and very friendly service.
I arrived late, past 9pm so i was getting the left over plates but can't complain. The waitress also hand made my moo-shu pork burritos and gave us Chinese calenders when we left.
Decent Dim Sum. Nothing special.  Cathay house is still my favorite.
Went for the first time a couple days ago.  My aunt lives in Vegas and recommended the place.  Overall the place was good, not the best dim sum ever, but pretty good.  Took a party of 7; half had never eaten this type of Chinese food, but they really liked it.

A couple really good things; 1) they serve dim sum all day not just morning/lunch time; you can get chow mein off the cart in individual sizes vs. having to order a huge plate.

Cart service was pretty quick and came by often, wait service was slow.

Paid $71 plus tip for 7 people.

When in Vegas again, I would definitely go back.
Yummy. Friendly service and tasty food.
Food: 4/5
Service: 3/5
Cleanliness: 4/5
Decor & Style: 3/5

The best part about this place is that you can eat Dim Sum anytime of the day! Overall good typical Dim Sum place with lots of space.
Good Dim Sum.  Be aware.  They come at you fast and furious with the plates right as you sit down---like Pirahna, only they have a veracity to feed you.  Many good choices.  A little heavy on the pork options.  Still very flavorful and hot. Great mango pudding/jello. So many things to sample and too small a belly.
Went for dim sum.  It was moderately busy, but the carts came around often.  The food was decent and the staff friendly.
I went here with a meetup group for Chinese New Year's Eve dinner, which is apparently the most important meal of the year. Our organizer went ahead and ordered for the two tables that we occupied. As a result, I don't know the names of the dishes we had, but it was a pretty good spread. There was fried whole fish, some sort of century egg stew, baby bok choy, fried chicken, pork in peking sauce (I think), walnut shrimp, a sampler plate containing things like jellyfish and tongue, and probably a couple more dishes. Everything was pretty good overall, but nothing was amazing. The Chinese people in our group had some gripes. For example, the baby bok choy was really regular bok choy. Also, one of the sizzling dishes originally came out on a regular plate. They then took it back and pretty much just re-served it on a sizzling plate. Finally, they didn't have the dessert that our group was hoping for. Instead, we just got a plate of oranges.

The restaurant is pretty large by Vegas standards. It seems to be in a weird and isolated location though. I'm not sure if I'd ever return, but I like the fact that they serve Dim Sum all day. That could be worth trying some day.
The dim sum here is decent, but it's the only dim sum we've gone to while in Vegas. The workers (cart pushers...ok that sounds bad...servers?) constantly push you to order what's on the carts. The cai lan (chinese broccoli) is already steamed and sitting in a cart with windows....I find that odd, but I love this dish so much I ordered 2.

The food is OK compared to other dim sum places I've been to. The place is pretty clean and very roomy. The service is quick and practical. The wait isn't long (about 5 minute wait) and our party of 10 ended up paying approximately $14 bucks per person! :) 

Great deal for all the Chinese food we ate. I would definitely come back again next time I'm in town and need something to fill up my hungover self. 

The new years candy (milky strawberry candy) is deeeeelish! Grab a handful as you depart the restaurant! I wouldn't know where to find it for the life of me.
we've been to vegas three or four times in the past year and this is the only restaurant we've gone back too every time. we love this place. dim sum is good and there's a good selection to choose from. we laugh every time because our table is full of food before we put our napkins in our lap. we always leave FULL and happy.
Dim sum here is better than the other dim sum houses I've been to in LV, and probably a bit more expensive too - but the service can be a bit hurried and difficult to get the specific dimsum dishes you want, especially because the restaurant is so busy. I love that I can get dim sum all day and that's why we'll keep coming back. 

Going right at opening, 10:30 on Saturday morning, was great so we could beat the rush and be seated right away. We also ordered a 1/2 duck which was pretty typical and good; the sweet ginger tofu dessert is really good here!
OMG ! go to this restaurant for Dim Sum. 
top notch quality. fresh, authentic and yummy. they are just west of Decatur Blvd. at South jones blvd. intersection. south east corner. you cant miss it. 
and the staff are really efficient and NICE with a sense of humor. meaning they smile. 
this is super good DIM SUM go and then thank me :)))
I've been here several times with family since I was a kid. The service is like many of the Chinese restaurants in Vegas. BAD! Which is fine, since I'm used to it by now, but my last experience here made me never want to come back.

I decided to come here one day craving Dim Sum. It was the closest location to my school so I decided to pay Orchid Garden a visit. I went in, glad to see there was no line, made I contact with at least 3 different people and had to wait 10 minutes before I was seated. I understand if it is not your job as a cart pusher to seat customers, but I'm sure you have the ability to sit me down at a table or at least notify the host to seat me.

Once I was seated, I wanted ordered my usual Har Gow, Siu Mai, Chow Fun, and Shrimp balls; however, after being served cold shrimp balls and Siu Mai, I couldn't eat any more of the food they were serving. The 5 waitresses running around the restaurant didn't ever have time to check and ask if "everything is okay" or if there's "anything I need.." So I helped myself and my girlfriend to the counter, asked for the check, left no tip and walked out.

I highly recommend eating at Cathay or Chang's for Dim Sum. They are alot friendlier and the food is much better.
Having grown up in San Francisco, I realize that our options for good Chinese food in Las Vegas are pretty limited. I'm happy with Orchids Garden. I enjoy the food here from shrimp options to the noodles. The service is decent here although I'll admit that the service is better when I go with my Chinese mother as opposed to my husband or friends. I love their ALL DAY dim sum which is totally unusual but perfect for my late-in-the-day dim sum cravings.
My new place for dim sum in Vegas. Everything seems to be well prepared and not too greasy. Would give only three stars, but the egg custard buns are simply amazing. I've never had better. So fluffy and perfectly soft and firm in all the right places. What was I talking about?
OMmmmmg try the baked BBQ pork buns. Please. It's worth it. I think they hired someone who previously worked at Krispy Kreme, got their donut dough recipe, and then shoved tasty pork inside. 

For the rest of it: 3 stars. It's a good place, probably the best in town. But if you know the real thing, Orchids Garden doesn't quite stand up to it.
For all the Hawaii residents:  This place has all the Manapua Truck grinds; fried noodles, pork-hash, fried taro, steamed and baked manapua, seasame seed balls (gindoi), and rice cake.  I  like that I can eat Dim-Sum anytime of the day.  The food is already prepared and the hustling service is quick, so you can satisfy your appetite in less than 30 minutes.
Considering that the valley isn't oversaturated with dim sum restaurants, the dim sum at Orchids Garden is pretty good. It's a pretty big restaurant and I think the quality of their dim sum slightly less than other places but that wouldn't deter me from coming here again. I'm guessing because they offer dim sum all day, quality might not be as good as places that offer it at a limited time. 

I usually don't experience a wait here and the carts come by my table pretty often which I like. The only time I waited, which wasn't too long, was when my fiance and I treated our mothers to a mother's day bunch. Not too shabby!  

The biggest plus is that Orchids offers more variety selection of desserts than other dim sum places. (ie not just mango pudding and egg tarts but fruit tart, tofu, mango pudding and some sort of fruit cup)
I am a big fan of dim sum.  The food here was great but the portions was a little small.  I am so use to the portions in the Bolsa area.  The dim sum was comparable to the food at the Seafood Palace in Westminster.  I recommend this place in Las Vegas for dim sum.  Again the portion was small but the quality is there.  I give this place a solid 4 Stars.  Good stuff !!! The coconut buns was so good.  The bread is soft and airy.  So hard to describe but so gooooood.
This was our breakfast before we headed back home after our mini vacation in SIn City. After reading good reviews about this place the BF and I decided to give it a try and sadly we were disappointed! 

First off they didn't open until 10:30, shouldn't dim sum be open at 8?! When they finally opened we got seated right away but service was VERY slow as there was only ONE CHART walking around to serve 12+ tables with families waiting for some dim sum. I don't know why it's so packed but it must be good right? .....WRONG!!! .....When the lady finally came up to us there wasn't a lot of selection to choose from and the usual items that we get back home weren't that good at all. The shu mai was okay I give them that but  the chicken feet was disgusting and everything else didn't taste fresh at all. 

Totally would not eat here again!
4-5 stars:
The place is clean, easily accessible off  Sahara (major street), and has a huge parking lot, so parking is not a problem. 

3 stars on food. 
Althought the food was good, it wasn't the best i have had. Maybe the biggest part of the reason is because the food were cold, well the ones meant to be served warm anyway.

My daughter (12 years old) and I went for dinner 2 nights ago. 
I spent about $40, on 7 different items from the carts and 2 ice teas.
i got:
-chinese broccoli with oyster sauce (nice serving)
-shu mai (4 pieces)
- shrimp dumpling (4 pieces)
- pork bun (2 pieces)
-shrimp ball (2 pieces)
-custard pastry of some sort that reminded me of mini custard pie.(2 pieces)
-shrimp cake on green pepper

I will probably have to try during the day maybe the food will be warmer next time =)
We usually hit up Ping Pang Pong for our dim sum fix, but unfortunately PPP is oniy open from 10am-3pm, and it was 7:30pm, and OG serves dim sum all day, so we headed here to get our dim sum on.

The taste and quality is pretty good, but not as good as PPP IMO...
I do like the fact that they have steamed rice cakes and Char siu bao (aka Manapua) that tastes pretty close to home.

Service is pretty good, and the carts come around fast enough without much of a wait...ALOHA!!!
Went here for dim sum on a Sunday afternoon. Got there at about 1:30, had to wait a little bit (15 mins) to get seated. It's not too bad of a wait because food comes right away once you are sat.  I like the variety of authentic dim sum here.  They seem to be pretty fresh and tasty.  We went there a little late so the congee was sold out.  :( Probably have to go back earlier some other time. Staff were friendly, especially the ladies pushing the carts. Price is reasonable, will definitely come back again.
Good food, though sometimes it is really hard to get good service at dim sum restaurants. I've learned that if you want a quick dim sum fix without having to wait for the food or deal with the usual service, I just go there and ask for take-out.
I came here with my boyfriend and his friend (and friend's wife). Being Chinese, from NJ, and having spent a good amount of time having dim sum in Chinatown, NY or in Queens, I thought it was pretty good. We had a lot of the familiar dishes -- ha gow , loh bok goh, cha siu bao, siu mai (steamed shrimp dumplings, turnip cake, steamed pork buns, pork dumplings respectively)-- as well as others that I didn't know (and unfortunately, I don't remember what they were). I thought they were decent.

We also had dau fu fa (it's basically tofu with sweet syrup) except that I never had it the way this place served it: hot and with ginger-flavored syrup. Maybe it's not even called a syrup; it's waterier than what I'm used to. It was good, but I prefer it the way I've always gotten it in Chinatown, NY -- cold and just with the plain sweet syrup. Their tofu was also already broken down.  When my parents got us this snack (from here, I believe: http://www.yelp.com/biz/fong-inn-too-new-york), it was whole, in a deli pint container because we usually got them to go. It came with a few disposable condiment containers full of syrup. We sliced up the tofu ourselves and enjoyed it cold.

One thing I thought was weird was that they didn't have any oyster sauce  (ho yau). What Chinese establishment doesn't carry oyster sauce?! When you order loh bok goh in NY, you get oyster sauce with it. They said they didn't have any, but they offered to give me hoisin instead. I said okay, I'll try it. I was reluctant to eat it that way, but I dabbed a bit on the first piece, tasted it, and found that my expectations for this new combination were correct -- it was gross. I finished off that piece and ate the other two plain. Maybe next time I go, I should bring my own little container of oyster sauce so I can enjoy the loh bok goh way I always have.

Other than that, a good experience. I may try Ping Pang Pong someday. Like someone mentioned in a review for there, the name didn't seem to indicate authentic dim sum was served, but that reviewer said s/he was proven wrong.

..Bah, so mind boggling how a dim sum restaurant doesn't have ho yau. It's sacrilegious.

Man, I really miss being at home.
Had dinner here and the food was good but the service needed to be improved. We ordered the Peking duck and it was delicious. The complimentary soup was good and the vegetables were tasty. 

However the biggest negative was the service. The waiters seemed like they didn't want the be there and looked like zombies. We had a 10% off coupon and when we showed it to our waiter, she told us to cut it out of the newspaper before they can take it. When they delivered the food to us, they didn't smile or seemed to acknowledge us. They just dropped off the food and left.

I would not recommend this restaurant based on the service we received. The food was good, but forgettable.
Best Dim Sum place that I can find in Vegas so far. The place is very dated, decor wise. Not as glamorous as most dim sum houses in California. But the food is pretty good and reasonably priced.
OK, so this is not PF Chang so don't expect American standard customer service... This is a REAL Chinese joint where servers speak very little English, but food is also REAL Chinese/authentic, not panda-express kinda BS, so who cares if those old ladies were a bit rude. What did we have over there... Shark fin dumplings were definitely the hit. Chinese Broccoli, Ha Gow, Siu Mai, Shrimp Balls, Sticky Rice, and Congee. Probably the best in Vegas, it's open all day so I will definitely repeat.
Dim sum... All day!? I have the option to get my dim sum fix for dinner?  Pretty cool.

Not the best dim sum, but still tasty.  Items seem small, had to order more items than usual to get full.
Dim sum from open to close... which isn't till 10:30pm! GENIUS!!!
Great place for Dim Sum.  I stumbled on this place by driving from my massage at Massage Pro.  There was a sign outside that said "best of vegas 2009."  I thought, let's roll the dice and see if this place is any good.

All the dishes are very tasty.  Reminds of the dim sum that I get in the bay area.  The prices seem reasonable.

Didn't notice any rude service.  Just typical of any Dim Sum place.
Best dim sum in Las Vegas.  All the dishes we had were well executed and delicious:

- Spinach/pork dumplings
- Peanut dumplings
- Shrimp dumplings
- Eggplant stuffed with shrimp (so good that we got two of these)
- Steamed pork buns (they also had baked pork buns, which we'll try next time)
- Long rice noodles stuffed with shrimp
- Sesame seed balls, stuffed with red bean paste
- Egg custard cups (with the flakiest crust I've had with these)

All of this wonderful food was extremely reasonably priced ($26 including tax).

While the restaurant was packed, we were seated right away in a very comfortable booth.  The service was attentive, the restaurant was clean and the food was delicious.

Most of the staff only spoke a few words of English, and neither of us speak Chinese, but the staff tried hard to explain things to us and were much, much nicer than the staff at Changs (which I won't even go to any more because of how rude they were to me and how poorly we were treated there).

I would come back here in a nanosecond.
the food quality was good but their service was terrible. it was so slow and they wouldn't come by with the carts they were just standing around and talkin among each other (the workers) we paid out bill and was waiting for the change.. and she took so long just talking with the cashier, we were like forget it. then we said just keep the tip and when we walked to the door the cashier said, " see i told you, you make them wait you get more tip" i was so pissed never again going there
I am a big fan of dim sum! and I have been coming here for years, actually its really the only place I get dim sum. 

I would recommend going before 3 (I believe) because they raise the prices per dish after that.

I would also recommend the pork shumai, shrimp wonton with mayonaise dressing, salty spicy squid, the barbecue pork bun, and the sweet rice cake for dessert!  and off the menu order the yang chow fried rice. 

2 people can eat well for about $30 bucks. If you go on the weekend it gets busy around 11 and usually dies around 1ish. Sometimes its not that bad if it is busy because then the carts are always moving and passing you. Sometimes when it is slower you might have to wait longer for what you want to come around.
Dim Sum = Yum Yum. Staff here are quite friendly. This is the first time I've been to a dim sum place like this where they walk around with food carts asking if you want something. This was a great experience for me and I'm glad this place became my first. Dim Sum here is yummy I love the shrimp dim sum, I'm not much of sho mai fan, but from the looks of everyone else that had it, it seemed like it was good. What I found to be very delicious was the shrimp wontons! Those were delicious. Now because of this place I'm going to hunt down a dim sum place in the Bay Area similar to this. There was more on the menu/food cart that we didn't try, but everything we did try was yummmmy!

When I come back I'll be sure to stop by here again.
I'm pretty impressed with their dim sum! I used to live in California and growing up, there were plenty of dim sum restaurants that were very good, but as I've gotten older, quality dim sum was harder to find. I've been here twice. The first time, I went mid-day and service was great! The ladies with the carts were coming by our table every few minutes. Our water/tea was constantly refilled and the staff was very friendly.

The second I went, it was around 9:30pm and I'll be honest, I was expecting the dim sum to be old and perhaps dried out. To my surprise, the dim sum was still fresh and tasted delicious! Again, service was great at this hour and the staff, always so friendly.
In the past, I've always been here with my family because (to my knowledge) we didn't know of any other dimsum places, really. Well, it's been awhile since I went back (except recently) and of course, the service still lacks. I feel like the waitresses are always grumpy here. Can't even smile.

The dishes are good, to me, because I really like the noodles and the crispy shrimp, but those sure add up. I've already found a new dimsum place to go to now, but the service here is pretty depressing. I feel like I have to climb a mountain just to be noticed sometimes.
Only been there once but would definitely want to go back again. All day dim sum! The food was good but it being dim sum, sometimes it freshly made and some if it was probably a few hours old and cold by the time it got to us. Went there early afternoon on a Saturday I think and it was fairly empty and they didn't have as many runners and food going around so it took a while for us to get a decent amount of food on our table. I don't know when their prime hours are but it's probably better if you go sometime around there where they're expecting to have a lot of people, thus more food being prepared and it being more fresh. I'd definitely go there again.

Had two tvs but what they were airing was completely random. The big screen had a soccer game going on and there's another screen up front by the waiting area and that was airing Entertainment Tonight or something.
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Being located in Vegas, I wasn't expecting much out of a dim sum restaurant but this place really delivers.  Yes, there are better places in California but if you're craving dim sum and you're in Vegas, this is a great place to go.
Gross!  Cockroach sitting right on the table!  Never coming back.
I finally found the dim sum place to go to in las vegas. It takes me to four restaurant to find good enough standard to eat dim sum too, but I finally found the one. 

I ate at changs and I thought, ok this place sucks. I try ping pang pong and thought ok, good food, worse service and dang slow, why would I eat there again and dont even get me started with harbor palace, that place just horrible.
 
But I finally found one that I like. Food portion are smaller, service are ok, food cart are quick and dim sum quality almost match those in san gabriel valley.

So if you are from los angeles california who have standard for high quality dimsum and already can stomach those dreadful service in LA dimsum place. This place will feel like home far away from home.
Hadn't been here for dim sum in a long time, now I remember why - mediocre, overpriced and this time we got the teeniest siu mai and har gow I've ever seen. Looking at other people pics, maybe the chef was feeling stingy today, but wtf. 

Its one of the only places that has all day dim sum, so that's the only reason I ended up at orchid garden. I was also unpleasantly surprised that their shrimp won ton is $4.15 there - its listed on the menu, but guess they call it fried shrimp ball there? Or they overcharged since I'm not Chinese. Who knows, and regardless ill stick to my usual Cathay House from now.
this one not even deserve for one star ! 
after talking to this lady manager , she is so unpolite 
we are trying to book over 100 -200 + ppl , bring in more business
but this lady is ridiculous refused to help us out ! 


- bad customers services
-no one care about you in the restaurant 
-food not fresh 
-dirty kitchen 
-bad attitude 
-worst restaurant in las vegas

- never ever come back to this restaurant 
-worst services in any kind type of restaurant

people should banned this one forever !!!!! 

just go near the kitchen area ...i am sure you wont go any more ! sick sick sick sick place

over priced , over priced ! cant even get a nice quiet meal without seeing something stupid !
This is the only place in Las Vegas I come to for dim sum. I take family and friends here when they come visit as well. 

The restaurant is big and every Sunday for brunch it's always bustling with crowds. That's how you determine a Chinese restaurant is good, it's when there is always a crowd or line to get a table.

I like this place because they actually have the dim sum carts come around, which is traditional. I don't really enjoy dim sum places where you order first from a piece of paper and then they bring it to you. Beats the fun in eating dim sum! 

You get all the typical dim sum favorites like har gow and siu mai. But my highlights are the pan fried egg noodles and pan fried shrimp and chives dumplings! And always to top off my dim sum I get the pineapple bun or tofu fa!
We come here for Dim Sum when in Vegas...

It's good, affordable and well... Nothing mind blowing...

Good enough, friendly enough... Not much else to say about this place... Typical Dim Sum hall
This restaurant has some of the better dim-sum, but it's definitely not the greatest.

The service is not that good. When we were seated at our table, the waitress just plopped our water glasses on the table and walked away. The dim-sum servers just take things too seriously. It's not like we're going to eat everything! 

Now the food was good, but not delicious. The shu-mai and the spare ribs were some of my favorites. The har-gow was also OK. If you want something a little more "weird", try the chicken feet or the tripe. It's relatively clean and sanitary.

A stereotype dim-sum restaurant where the food is decent and the dim-sum servers take it too seriously. I would try some other dim-sum restaurants before trying Orchid's.
I found this place online with pretty good reviews. However, coming from the bay area, I had high expectations. It turned out the food wasn't very good. I'm sure the food had MSG as I was feeling thirsty after eating. However, being in the middle of the desert, it's difficult to find good dim sum place. I'd give them credit for trying.
From my visits to Hong Kong and various China towns, i have come to realize a good Dim Sum place  has several things in common. Very poor customer service and high noise level. Orchids Gardens have both. They will come around and force their food on you. Every cart claims to  have the best food. And every cart does have great Sum Sum. Some of my favorites are the crispy pork balls and the stuffed eggplant. 
Keep in mind their portions are on the small side.
Best dim sum ever.  Ive been to a bunch of places all over nyc and nothing compares.  nothing!  this is my one must do whenever im in vegas.  Everything is delicious.
This is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been too! Dim Sum is served all day and service here is one the best. They were able to fit pretty much the whole entire family together. Any restaurant that can accommodate my entire family is pretty a winner in my book. Most of the time we have a party of anywhere from 16-25. Most restaurants will split us into 2 tables and it bugs me. Even though they were able to accommodate us, the food here is good too!

We ordered so much food! The pan fried noodles here, are awesome from the menu! The beef fried rice was really tasty too! The best part was the dim sum! Har Gow and shrimp rice noodle are a few of my favorites here. What I couldn't get enough of was the fried shrimp and onion. I've never had it before and I've never seen it on any of the dim sum places nearby my home. It came with a dip, it was definitely mayo but it had other stuff in too. I didn't ask but I think the other flavors in the dip were sesame oil and ginger. Sweet rice cakes and sesame balls for dessert was just pure bliss.
This place is an authentic Chinese restaurant. They have a great dim sum menu and have good service. The dim sum servers are a little pushy but other than that, this place is a must. Dim sum is served all day, unlike other places, so this place is already on top of my list for Chinese food cravings.
The shrimp balls are the bees knees!! I wish they had more places like this in LA, we got served really fast and the staff was friendly, LOVE the Jasmin tea, a little pricey but we only come here once every time we visit the city, and will keep on doing so.
They have decent dim sum, but the regular menu items are only acceptable.  Location is good and easy parking.
My brother and sister were in town and my brother's been wanting dim sum since we last had it in Orlando.  We were pretty excited to find that they served dim sum all day.  We had just experienced a dim sum restaurant in San Francisco that only served dim sum for lunch and we were expecting to have it for dinner. We were all first timers to Orchids Garden and have all decided... yes, we will be returning!

We came on weekday evening around 6:30. There was no wait and were seated immediately. The dining area was huge... we couldn't even imagine what it's like on a busy night. Aside from our table, there were maybe 3 other tables that were occupied. Once 7:00 rolled around, people started coming in.  We came at a really good time.

We devoured 21 dishes between the 4 of us. I don't know if that's average or excessive, but we were pretty hungry.  :P The food was a little on the salty side (for me, but no one else... some, not all) and the women behind the carts were a little pushy (which we expected from reading all the reviews), but still friendly.
It seems we crave dim sum always on Sundays!  However this place has it all the time, we always seem to find ourselves coming in early Sunday Morning.  

We are always seated right away, and the carts start coming even before we have chance to get comfortable in our seats.  I leave the ordering to my husband who knows what most things are by sight but not by name.  I know which ones are my favorite and will tell him which ones to try again.

You can't go wrong with shrimp dumplings, roast pork rolls, deep fried taro fritter and anything with eggplant! We usually load up and eat ourselves silly before the third cart comes around!  

This place serves plenty of fresh dim sum, has fast service and easy to get in if you come early!  But be warned, we have come just as the doors opened only to miss out on some of the choices when they get busier, so your timing to arrive will influence your choices, so slow to eat, take your time, and enjoy.
I've been here twice and absolutely love it.  Next to LA, Orchid Garden is the best dim sum I've had. Our Italian grandparents actually introduced us to this fine establishment.

The service is prompt, the food is delicious, and it's just plain dim sum yumminess. 

Upon sitting down, the carts are at your table. There's no time to waste on Dim Sum Sunday! They clean your tables pretty fast too, but don't let them rush you. Enjoy it.

Most places use a lot of sesame oil in their dim sum items, not Orchid Garden. You leave satisfied... full.... but not wanting to sit in stretchy pants.

Their pork buns (the ones in my picture) are lightly brushed with honey. The bun is fluffy and the pork isn't too "saucy". The mushroom shu mai is my favorite over the regular shu mai. It actually tastes like there is meat inside. If you're a fan of eggplant, try the fried eggplant (seen in my picture).  I'm not a huge fan, but even I loved this tasty morsel. The red bean sesame rolls are unreal - crunchy outside, steamy chewy inside, and the slightly sweet bite of red bean in the middle. The seaweed salad is meh. STick to the dim sum items and you can't go wrong.

Be sure to check them out and remember it's meant to be eaten slowly! Sip that tea, digest, and grub down. ;-)
A great dim sum restaurant! My hubby and I usually go to a competitor but refuse to wait in line the last time we tired so came to Orchids Garden.  We found a new place for dim sum!  The food comes faster, is delicious and the service is EXCELLENT and very attentive!!  We will definitely be back.
When we first walked into the restaurant. There was an order that we couldn't help but think of a backup sewer. It was so bad that we thought of walking out but it was awkward when the waitress stood there asking us a few times to follow her. So, we shrugged and followed her into the dining area. We figure if it smells that bad in the dining area, we are outta there before you can say 'mooshoo'. . . but to our relief, the smell was not present. 
Since we came for dim sum, we readied our plates with some hot oil and soy sauce. Then the feast on wheels.. .the waitresses were pushing out the metal hot carts. We selected quite a few dishes. All was delicious. The presentation needs to be bit more worked on but heck, the taste buds aren't complaining. 
If you can get pass the smell at the front door, the dim sum is worth it.
I find myself coming here after getting my flex on at the gym. This place is great. I hated it whenever I missed the normal dim sum hours. All day dim sum?!? WHAT?!? 

I can't complain about the different shrimp and pork dumplings that they serve. "I'll try dat!"

Their chile sauce has good kick to it. HIGH LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!

The two items that stood out for me was the roasted duck and tripe. The roasted duck has the perfect crispiness to it accompanied with the perfect amount of fat. Every piece was greaZy and flavorful. MMMMM MMMMM!!! The lady gave me a hint. If you end up getting two orders of the duck for dim sum, just order a half duck on the regular menu. You'll save $4. EYE LIKE!!! NAAAAAAAAS!!! HOW MUCH!!! The tripe didn't change my life like how the roasted duck did, but the slight bitterness of it had me ordering more.

Good food for sure.  I love to frequent this place. Thanks yallz for serving dim sum all day. ... These guys deserve at least 4.

HIGH LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
Stopped in cause we were in the mood for some dim sum action, and Ping Pang Pong wasn't serving any during the evening. food was okay, but not the best.

As long as they have the little manapuas(Char siu bao) and steamed rice cakes, I guess I'll be coming back every time I crave a taste of home...ALOHA!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(87/365) "Manapua and Rice Cakes"
I can't tell you how much I love this place. The food is excellent and the service wonderful. My husband and I have returned to this place a number of times recently and would guess that their service is better than most dim sum places. The dining room is large enough to accommodate multiple carts that return often tempting you to eat more or get extras to take home which is what we usually do. I'll be back again and again.
Initially, it was just my husband's fave. Now, I'm hooked myself! We come every month AT LEAST. Good service. Price isn't bad. Food's good too!
Good price and best when busy, carts keep coming. Have had some cold shrimp but over all they do a good job
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! 

After a horrible experience at a Korean place the night before, I was hesitant to try out this dim sum place in Vegas. Thankfully, it was a great experience. It was around 9:30 PM and the place was pretty empty except for a couple of other people, but they still had carts to bring around, which surprised me because most dim sum places will just serve when items are ordered. The food tasted amazing, full of flavor, and definitely not a disappointment. The ladies that worked their were very nice as well. I'll be sure to come visit again for sure the next time I'm in Vegas.
4 stars for dim sum in Las Vegas
This place must be good because out of 50 customers there were 2 Black ladies and my white self--and 47 Asians speaking Chinese.  I trust that means the food is authentic and good.
I had a couple dim sum dishes but the best thing was the duck...OMG!  It was the first time in my life I ever had duck that I liked...no changed that to loved!  
Go here for authentic Chinese, peeps..you won't be sorry!
This isn't the best dim sum ever; but for Vegas dim sum, it does the trick. It's a bit easier to go to sometimes than braving the craziness around Chinatown too; which is probably why I come here more often. I know a few of my friends have had a bit of difficulty ordering when they've come here but I haven't experienced that difficulty myself... Perhaps that's simply because my minimal Cantonese ONLY extends to ordering food. We often will just order take-out dim sum when we come here and usually that works out just as well. I've brought one large group here for Chinese New Year and it was easy and well organized. I think the three-star rating describes my feelings perfectly- A-OK.
DIM SUM ALL DAY! -- finding this place definitely makes me feel like a winner in Vegas. lol oh man, i get way too excited over food, but dont mind me.

It was pretty late in the afternoon when we were driving around off of the strip looking for a place to have some chinese food and then we find this place. We had a rather large group but they were able to accommodate us quickly, which was nice. The restaurant has many large tables and the service was quick. We had many order of the pork shiu mai, the chinese broccoli and dumplings! The servers were not pushy and they were all rather friendly. The price was decent too. I will definitely be back to Orchids when I have those late night dim sum cravings in Vegas. Or maybe when I have a hangover-- you know how that is.
The ratio of customers to waitress/dim sum carter-ers was too little. I kept looking around for the next cart and only til the last cart did I get the shrimp har gao that I was craving.

Their noodles were greasy and DELICIOUS =) Just what I wanted!

And it's not as good (quality of food and quickness of carts) as Chang's but, not hating. I was craving dim sum and I got it at 9pm on Christmas Day!
It did what it needed to do: satisfy me!
Been trying to find a good dim sum restaurant in Las Vegas. This place was pretty decent. Everything was very greasy and fatty which I love. This is better than most places around here. But still not as good as the dim sum places in Cali.
You win some... You lose some... Then you get Dim-Sum!

Our Go-To dim sum spot ANY time of day. Yes, it's perfectly okay to have dim sum for dinner (break all rules!).  I can't spell the traditional names so I'm going to review in an american fashion.

SHRIMP anything is delicious . The shrimp with sugar cane is good. The shrimp with fried crispie stuff is good.  The steamed shrimp and pork shumai is good. I mean, it's dim sum! Mostly Everything is good! I even like the chicken feet and the tripe! 

I guess what i can review best about is quality. Out of a few dim sum spots around town this place is my favorite. The food never disappoints!

Service is somewhat lacking as my water was empty a few times before i had to flag down a waiter to refill me. 

Overall, if you want dim sum, ORCHID Gardens is the bee's knee's or the cat's pajama's..whatever you prefer.
Decent Dim Sum especially because they serve Dim sum at all hours of the day when traditionally Dim sum should be more of a morning / morning brunch never after 2pm. The dim sum here is decent, I usually go here because ping pang pong has a super long wait and so does Changs. Decent but does the job I should say. This place is huge and gets packed between the hours of 9am-2pm crazy busy. If you've never experienced Dim sum its a great experience. Asian ladies pushing around metal carts to each table with asking "what chu want wha chu want" HAHA sorry I must make fun of my people. Its a super loud place so be prepared to scream across your table (okay maybe I over exaggerated that just a bit). Well like I said decent, nothing really to comment about this place other than it serves dim sum all day. That's pretty much the only good thing about this place. Parking is horrible, the place has a super small and limited parking spots & we all know Asians suck at driving. So just imagine small parking lot & Asian drivers.
As usual, this place serves quality dim-sum and at a great price. Personally, there are only two decent dim sum restaurants in town and this is one. Overall, the food is great, service is on par and the prices fair. Some of my personal favorite dishes include the calamari, shrimp noodle and sesame bun with red bean.... Yumm..... Actually just typing that makes me want to go back. 

With regards to dim sum, I can only speak with regards to lunch. And yes... I will be back again, again and again. Good times Orchid Garden!
Foods pretty good, never had dim sum so I can't complain about anything :)
Awesome place to eat on a Sunday morning. Lots of dim sum options: bbq pork buns, shrimp and pork shumai, rich congee, crab claws, pork ribs and black bean, YUM!!! Service can be a little slow at times, but this place did fill up by 11:00. And the carts of goodies are trucking along. Not as great as some of the places in San Fran I've been to, but for Vegas it was great. $27 with tip- how can you beat it? I will be back for sure!
I Love this Place. Good Food Good prices 
Service is Good Too
But Sometimes the stuff is cold. I dont know how dim sum can be cold?????
The springrolls are Not Good at all.
Dim sum is good.  The shrimp cheung fun is tasty.   They seem to run out of certains dishes by mid afternoon which seem silly if they serve dim sum all day.  I guess the early bird gets the best dim sum choices.   Service is mediocre like most chinese restaurants.  You could get death by dim sum cart if your not careful during busy times.  Atmosphere is noisy like any dim sum joint.  Overall I give them 4 stars for the variety and goodness of the dim sum.
If half stars were allowed, I'd give this place a 3.5

My family and I went on Sunday for an early dinner and unlike dumplings which were usually served during tea time a.k.a. 'Yum Tsa' back in Hong Kong, this place served them all day and all night! We ordered the crab balls, siu mai, egg tarts and from the menu, house special pan fried noodles as well as chicken fried rice. 

Once they arrived, we stared at our plates as the food glistened in all that oil! No doubt it tasted pretttttttty good! The crab balls went perfectly with the fried rice and the egg tarts were a great way to end the night. With a cute serving of 3, my parents and I had one each! 

Atmosphere was pretty mellow. It gave me this deep sense of nostalgia for Hong Kong where I lived for 18 years. The service could do with some improvement although I would understand that working a whole day wouldn't really motivate a smile. Just a little less on the cold approach and I'd probably give this place a 4.5 :) 

Overall, it was a pretty pleasant experience, comparable to HK star only with more variety on the dumplings and reasonable prices throughout the day (HK star shoots up its prices for dinner)
Unless you speak Chinese then you need to skip this place because they definitely don't speak fluent English at this restaurant.  In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if a bunch of illegal aliens are working there.

A group of us decided to go here for a dim sum lunch.  The women walking around with the carts of food don't speak English and they definitely don't smile.

We could not decipher from the menu what was what from looking at the cart.  Eventually, we had to ask the Manager to come over, who also spoke very poor English, and walk us through the menu and the items on the cart.  Unless you sat near or in the aisles it was difficult for you see the food choices.

The food was unmemorable.

Dim Sum is traditionally affordable but I found out very quickly that 4 small items added up to $18.00.  

Not one staff member was gracious or made us feel welcome & therefore I will not be returning.
Stopped in on Monday for dinner.  Saw the best in Las Vegas sign and do we decided to stop.  Prices-ok.  Selection-seen better at other dim sum places in Vegas. Flavor-had better at other dim sum places in Vegas. Service-good and friendly.
Don't order the Cheong Fun.  It was thick. The Char Siew Pow was not bad.  Could have more meat it in. The Har Gau was not good. Small and shrimp was pasty. The beef ball was good.  Tan Tat was ok.  To thick of flacky crust not enough egg. Fung Chow and Pai Kuat was ok. Overall, it was ok.  Would not go back.  The reviewer for the best dim sum in Vegas obviously don't know what true "Yum Tsa" is in Hong Kong.
Dim sum all day, every day?! FANTASTIC. I think I just found my new favorite dim sum restaurant.

Came here with my boyfriend around 2pm on a Sunday looking to stuff our faces. I'm not a local and the Chinese restaurants in Orange County usually stop serving dimsum around 3pm. So I was sort of expecting the remaining foods and okay service. I was so wrong. I walked towards the restaurant and saw 'dim sum all day''. I was soooo happy!  The service is super fast and friendly! And it's cheaper than a lot of other Chinese restaurants which is awesome!
The 4 stars is for the dim sum only.

Warning: Horrible food off the menu. 
BUT really good Dim Sum. I did dim sum lunch. Really good har kow (shrimp dumpling), bean curd roll, spare rib, shark fin dumpling, pork and chive  dumpling, roast duck. The congee was tasty too but I'd call it 'ok' in comparison to the dim sum.

I was so impressed with the dim sum lunch that I thought I might find NY chinese food (which I really miss since moving out to California) so I went back there for dinner. It was like Jekyll and Hide (not Hyde).  My dinner order was a typical NYC neighborhood chinese restaurant order: Shrimp and Lobster Sauce, Beef Chow Fun,and mixed soup. They were clueless about me ordering a "mixed" soup. The staff looked scared when I ordered this soup as if the wontons would explode if it was placed in egg drop soup. Everything was inedible and I paid and left all the food there. I'm beginning to thing there's an unwritten Chinese Restaurant rule:
If the restaurant doesn't serve crispy noodles (to snack and for soup) with duck sauce and chinese mustard don't even try the place. Although the exception is when going strictly for dim sum.

I will definitely go back for dim sum..I got some good memories of my Brooklyn Dim Sum days...
Best place for dim sum in town!!! Not that expensive, but good food...truly a locals place.Truly love this place...and also it's ALL DAY DIM SUM, who doesn't like that!! The shrimp dumpling in this place is very good and if you are really adventurous try the chicken feet! Hmmmm.....chicken feet.... For dessert I recommend the pineapple bun...(it's not really pineapple flavor but it is yellow so its called that...) very sweet bun with yellow filling!!)
Dim sum is hot, comes around frequently and the people are nice.  I do think they are a little over priced and sometimes I feel like I'm being cheated because they can stamp any price section without me verifying it's the right price for the item I got. 

But the food is good and service is fine.  Oddly enough I always bring my own chopsticks though because theirs are VERY waxy and hard to eat with.
Let me get this straight. A Chinese buffet where they bring the food to you? Yes please! 

This was a great place to try Dim Sum (my first time). We went at a weird time (2pm) so it was basically just us in the restaurant. We were bombarded by servers with carts of food, which was cool in general. I tried  a ton of stuff. The Chinese Broccoli was amazing. They put a tasty sauce on it. The shrimp dishes we tried were all great, and I really liked the dumplings. The service was also very friendly, and they were nice to explain what each dish was, for the most part.  

For a nice experience with Dim Sum off the Strip, give this place a try. Really, try it. Not just saying that. :)
Came here for dim sum because some of the girls don't have the access to it as easily as we did, Bay Area-ners. The food was mediocre, of course nothing is in comparable to the bay's Chinatown dim sum but since we were all starving after a long night and day of waiting for people to get dressed it hit the spot perfectly. the shrimp dumpling was awfully small dried and the rest of the food was tedious in its portion. 
 Normally, I would give it a 2stars but since It served all day and the bill came put to be only 60$ for 7 people ....I will simply forgive them and add an extra one star
The food was mediocre. I went around 2ish and there was only 3 tables. So I guess the same food has been pushing around =\ but the workers was nice. She said she'll get fresh hot stuff out for us if we waited a few minutes. All the workers was very nice and friendly. 
I was very disappointed in the rice noodle shrimp. The shrimps were baby shrimps =\ not regular or jumbo shrimps and the skin was a bit thick. They put one & half baby shrimp to make one regular size =T sigh. The spare ribs was ok not good enough to order 2 dishes which I normally do. sigh. The sweet dumpling fried was not sweet & salty like it would be and light on color =\ The nori rice had so much rice and a sparkle of minced meat. I guess if I was having a super bad craving for dim sum and had no other choice I'll come back again. But if I can get up early enough I'll go else where.
The only reason I like this place is that you can have dimsum here all day into the evenings, Because most places stop dimsum a 3pm. It's not a fancy restaurant and their dimsum selections are alright by me. It's an okay place for me.
Some reason I remember this place being cheaper. Or maybe I'm getting cheaper. Anyways, this place is a nice large restaurant able to seat lots of people on weekends and holidays.  

If you plan ahead, look in the Las Vegas Review Journal newspaper for a tiny  little 1inch by 2inch ad for 10% off your entire bill. Location of the ad/coupon varies so it might take a couple minutes.
This place set the standard bar pretty high for dim sum!!!
OMG - I love me some dim sum and this is the place to go!  The place is big, has the ladies walking around with the serving carts offering tasty little dumplings or sweet treats like my favorite sesame balls and egg custard tarts, or you can order from the regular menu.  The siu mai (pork dumplings) are out of this world - packed with meat, black mushrooms and other good stuff, I can eat 4 or 6 of these by myself.  I loved the steamed cha siu bow (BBQ pork steamed bun) with its delicious sweet sauce.  I indulged in a sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves with ground pork and one delectable bite of Chinese sausage.  It's one of my "comfort foods." Remarkably good service for a Chinese restaurant, too.   Oh, and one of the best things about this place is they are open from 10:30 am to 10:30 pm and they serve dim sum ALL DAY!!  We will be back!
The best dim sum in Vegas.  Have been going there with my family whenever we are in Vegas. The place is busy, so make sure you get there before the crowd.  It's close to the strip and you won't be disappointed.
I was in las vegas for vacation, and wanna to try dim sum. I read those review and decide to give it a try . Wow it has been worst then I though. All i can taste is MSG. SUPER DISAPPOINTED. I dont understand how it was rated that high. Even the tea is awkful. Maybe thoae reviewer before has never try read sim sum or just get to use to american style dim sum.
Came here again cause my friends wanted to come here. We came in a busy time. Which we got a table pretty fast 5 mins. The food carts was all out & pushing about. The food taste better. I'm not sure if it was because I was really hungry or maybe it was much fresher. I'll go with it was fresher cause it was busy. Hehee
This spot is one of my favortie places for dim sum. Their selection of dim sum is very big, the quality of the dim sum is very fresh and delicious. Serivce is quick and attentive. The ladies with the dim sum carts hustle hard and flow freely throughout the huge restaurant always ready to give you what you need. Prices are reasonable and well worth it. The wait to be seated (if not pack'd) is not long at all. On Sundays, its a must to get their early by 11am if not the place fills up and the wait for a seat begins. Try it out if you come to Las Vegas. The only place that serves dim sum everyday, all day.
I once voted this place a 4/5 stars, however after today, I will no longer be a customer. I met up with some friends I haven't seen in a while and ate while chatting. We were asked if we were done eating, so we said yes. They then brought the check, which we felt was a bit rushed. So we payed and didn't think much of it. We continued to talk while finishing our waters, when the manager approached us. She said, "we're waiting for this table?". I said ?excuse me", and she again replied, "we're waiting on this table". We were basically be pushed out as soon as they got our money. I have never in my life have been asked to wrap it up and leave. It was the rudest experience I have ever received from any restaurant. I don't care how busy a place is, you don't treat loyal, frequent customers the way I was treated. Never again.
This is a very big Chinese restaurant with all day dim sum.  The service might not be so good but they have some good dim sum. 

I loved their two kinds of sesame balls and creme bun.  These are  the best  desserts!  Their dumpling are so good too(shumai and shrimp, and chives). The sticky rice in a bamboo leaf did not impress me much.

I have no idea about their regular food since I did not order any but I would go back for their dim sum anytime!  This place can get packed very quickly so get there early and secure a parking spot!
This is the best Dim Sum place ever! I love it!
One of my coworkers has never tried dim sum, so a bunch of us set up a get together at Orchid Garden since they serve it all day. We ended up meeting up around 4pm after a few got off of work. 

Around that time, OG was not very busy, but the dishes were still coming out steaming. The dishes ranged around $2.30-$3.30 and the most expensive were $6.30. Most of the classic dim sum items are on the lower end, but were on the smaller side compared to other places. The flavor of the dishes were good. They had most of the usual selections for dim sum. I did not see any har gow though. By the time we were finished, each person left full on $13.
This is one of our family staples when I go to Vegas to visit Mom.  They serve dim sum all day and it's pretty good.  Large variety, including a steamed Chinese broccoli plate, crispy noodles, a fried cart with sesame balls, custard tarts etc, a couple of steamed carts including my favorite har gao and siu mai.  The lo mein is excellent too.  Recommend it for take out or for dining in.  On top of it all, it's very accessible and parking isn't too heinous, though you may have to look harder during peak hours for brunch on the weekends.  The tables are clean, the prices are reasonable and the service is attentive and fast.
The parking lot was full at this dim sum restaurant.  I was quite surprised that there were so many people here for lunch on a regular weekday.  Which means their dim sum must be good, right?  This was my 2ndt time here.  First time was almost 8 years ago.  We ordered the regular dim sum fare and although their dim sum weren't as good as the ones out in Los Angeles, it wasn't bad.  The carts came around quite often and the food was fresh and hot.  They also had quite a large selection of dim sum items.  Their shrimp dumpling was a little on the small side.  Although their small dim sum are only $2.10, they have quite a few items that cost more than that. So, when all is said and done, the two of us spent over $30 for dim sum.  The next time I have the urge for dim sum, I will definitely come back and try some of their other dim sum items.
Great dim sum, not enough stomach room to fit all the great food we saw.  Carts came around often, and with plenty of different dishes to choose from.
Okay, so coming from the SGV I have to say that this place is COMPLETE SHIT. First of all, they didn't even have my beloved Siu Mai ! SUPERSADFACE ! What kind of dim sum place doesnt have Siu Mai ?! Just for that I wish I could give it ZERO stars. But there were other factors that contributed to this low grade.

None of the food looked or tasted fresh. AT ALL. The carts weren't even steamers so most of the food was COLD. The only plus about this place was that they were able to accommodate 16 of us in almost no time at all. Other than that, I would recommend driving a little farther for good dimsum in the Asian plaza. Peace.
My all time favorite for Dim Sum it is almost always busy and the seating is fast even though some days you might have to wait a bit.  This is authentic Chinese Dim Sum and Dim Sum service if you do not know what you want by the looks of it you will not get much help from the cart ladies they are polite but curt and will just start handing you things.  I know that is a bit of an oxymoron but most who go here will understand.  Please do not let this deter you from enjoying the goodies they serve in their little tins of goodness.   I know what I want by looks and name so that is extremely helpful in these kind of situations! 

My thoughts on a restaurant of any ethnicity is seeing who eats there, if you see many people from the ethnicity of food you looking for you are usually on the right track this place in that aspect does not lie.  It seems as of late the word has gotten out because there are more and more people from other ethnicities visiting here they now just bring a fork instead of having to ask for one (I do not ever need one though but I know some of my friends and visitors do)  I also noticed a lot more smiles from the cart ladies as of late as well!  LOL I kinda like the grumpy, curt all about the food service of the past a bit.  However the food does not lie I do enjoy the Dim Sum and will continue to come back on a regular basis.

I have never even looked at the menu so I have no idea what else they have but who cares really its Dim Sum all day! 

One tip I have learned from my boyfriend and his family in my many years, is drink the hot tea even if you are in Vegas and it is 116 outside, it helps digest the oils from the food and calms your stomach.
Dim sum ALL DAY!
Orchid Gardens is always my stand-by Dim Sum spot. The atmosphere is friendly, the food is great , and the bathrooms are clean! Plus...I'll just say it again...dim sum ALL DAY! 
Growing up in SoCal, I can't say it's on the level of NBC in Monterey Park or ABC in Chinatown in Downtown L.A., but for Vegas, it's not half bad & reasonably priced.
This dim sum place is cool and that food is alright. However, if your car is lowered like mine, just a heads up the parking lot structure isn't lowered car friendly. The food here is mostly seafood, so if you aren't a big fan of seafood then i would definately not recommend this place. The dim sum is probably one of the better food that they offer. And i noticed the dim sum carts were unattended most of the time i was there. The service is standard and it would be great if you speak Chinese. Otherwise, i sure hope you have your ways of getting their attention.
Orchids Garden is a clean, spacious & overall nice restaurant to go to for dim sum. The staff is much friendlier than at Cathay House and I like how they provide a dim sum menu so you know what you're ordering.
If you're a local or a Las Vegas guest, get to this restaurant.  

You're always seated immediately. It's great for large groups but most importantly, the food is very, very good. 

Their General Tao's chicken is some of the best ever. 

This restaurant get's a "Run, Don't Walk Award."
I came with my family (6) on a tuesday evening ordering dim sum which was about 120. 

- Rip off. For those that has ever eaten dim sum in orange county, sgv, or even rowland heights, you'd spend about half the price SERIOUSLY (seafood cove as an honorable mention)!
- Wimpy dim sum. shrimp balls are so so tiny! its laughable. shrimp noodle (one of my faves. its the clear wrapper around shrimp where you put sauce on top) only had one piece of shrimp and the noodle was not fresh. seemed old and not soft how it should be.
- Small portion combination fried rice. oily and gross chinese after flavor. quite possibly microwaved.  
- I can go on and on about each individual plate, but if you are a local, there is better dim sum out there...just not here..sadly..
- We came here bc TFC runs their commercials constantly. advertising win.
- Oh yes, one star for quick service and pretty sinks in the bathroom :)
I like OG because they serve dim sum until 10:30p

Dim sum is served in carts. There are ladies pushing around carts of different types of dimsum. There is a steamed cart, fried cart, starch cart, sweets, and buns. 

You get a card and the things on each cart have a different price depending on the cart. When you get an item, the lady will put a stamp on your card. They add up the stamps and that is your food cost.

Be careful grabbing too much. The items have between 1-4 and cost over $2-$6 each, so that quickly adds up. They also have a normal menu.

I've been eating dim sum since I was a good and all of their dishes are good.

Nothing is necessarily great, but definitely good.

I would say definitely try to go during peak hours because the food is more fresh.

Most of the items are different forms of dumplings. 

They also have fried shrimp, Chinese broccoli, and other things aside from the dumings.

Try the fried stuff. Try the stuff with chili sauce, try the stuff with their mayo.

The cashier girl is super rude. She never says hi, thank you, or smiles.

I prefer this place over Cathay house because their servers don't skip tables!
I used to come here on various occasions whenever I'd come to Vegas to visit relatives. The food was all right, but I just know that I've had better in the Rowland Heights area.
I'm so glad to see this dimsum place on yelp! We make sure that we eat here whenever we go to Vegas! It's not pricey! Dimsum all day everyday!
My brother and sister-in-law who live here brought us for lunch on our last day in Vegas. My brother pretty much did the ordering of the dim sum. Don't think he knew what the names were just point and say one of those, two of that and so on! Everything he ordered was good. Pork hash, siu mai, shrimp ball, crab ball, look fun, char siu bao, noodles and a bunch of other dishes. 

I don't think you could go wrong with any of the choices. Carts came by fast and weren't pushy at all. 

You can tell this place is good when you look around and see a lot of Chinese customers.
I'm a huge huge fan of dim sum, but was really disappointed with it here. Food was cold, desserts were grainy, and there wasn't that big of a selection on anything. I think the same two carts kept coming around over and over again. Dim sum places I've been to have at least 5 carts of food and they would all be different and filled to the top. This place was beyond dissapointing, esp for the last meal before I flew out of Vegas. And this was coming on a weekend too!! I thought they would have more choices esp for how big the restaurant is.
Dim sum is just not good in Vegas. I would not come here again, but then again I probably won't ever get dim sum when I'm in vegas. 

This place is dirty and not authentic.
For variety and a yen for all day and night dim sum, Orchids is the place but drink lots of bo-leh tea to cut the grease as there is alot of oil used in dim sum so it might be greasy for your stomach.  But they serve dim sum until 10:30 at night!  Good variety like chicken and duck feet, shrimp dumplings (ha gow), siew mi (pork balls), jook, shark fin dumpling, fried taro, so if you want dim sum and quick, they have fast service and it's hot.
We were heading down to Vegas for two nights. I asked dad if there was any place that he wanted to visit or restaurant that he wanted to eat at. True to nature, he wanted Chinese food for lunch, specifically dim sum. There was a restaurant that they had eaten at four years ago and "the people were really nice" and "the food really good" but "I can't remember the name of it", something with the name Orchid in it.

No problem said Son #1 (that's me). I'll just punch in Orchid in Las Vegas, Nv and see what Yelp comes up with. Oh, could it be Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant? Yes? No? Maybe? Look, here are some pictures to look at. Oh? That's the one. Terrific!

Naturally, when I pulled into the parking lot, the voice from the back seat goes, "where are we? We've never been here before!" Argggghhhhhhhhhhh!!!

So we bravely trooped into the restaurant anyway. We were greeted and seated relatively quickly. I ordered the type of tea that I like (Gook Bo, which is a blend of Gook Fah and Bo Li). It was actually pretty decent. The steam carts came around as well as women carrying small trays of food. Pretty much, a typical dim sum scene.

We don't recall seeing anything "new" or "unusual". Mostly the standard fare. We did notice that the portions were smaller than we were used to seeing. Flavors were okay but nothing really stood out. We had all the "standards" except we didn't order any buns.

Har gow (shrimp dumpling), shui mai  (pork & shrimp dumpling), pi gwat (pork spare ribs), fung jow (chicken feet), naw mei fan (sticky rice tamale), ngow een (beef meatball), hom sui gok (deep fried meat dumpling) and many more.

Service was okay but I think we confused the servers as we always tend to. They look at the parents and start to speak Cantonese and then they look at me and my wife and switch to English or Chinglish depending on their proficiency.

I'd say that if you're in Vegas and must have dim sum, you could do worse but don't expect the same quality that you'd find in Alhambra, Montereay Park or San Francisco.
There are not much dim sum places here in Vegas. One of the very few I go to is Orchids Garden. 

Compared to the other dim sums I tasted, this one is not bad. They have variety of choices, the price is modest and the place is huge.
Best Dim Sum! My family and I go here whenever we can. The shark fin dumpling is to die for. I always recommend to order off the carts rather than the menu. Love their dim sum. I bring everyone here whenever I can as well.
gets the job done
I do enjoy eating here most days but some times they run out and don't make any more of that dish. So it's very hit and miss.   If you have something on your menu at least have it.
staff was very typical of chinese restaurants, cold and sterile with evident love for their job. all the dim sum tasted the same because most of their dishes were made from shrimp. service was adequate, but the food was embarassing for my guests.
Best dim sum ever!!
We had dimsum for dinner on a Saturday night at Orchids Garden. They serve dimsum all day from 10:30am - 10:30pm. Since they don't take reservations, we decided to go at 5:30pm - early enough before it gets too crowded.

Waitresses walk around with carts filled with plates of dimsum, and they stop at each table. You pay per plate by category. As you take plates, the watresses stamp your food bill:
A ($2.30) - our favorites are the Steamed BBQ Bun and for dessert: Baked Sweet Cream Bun and Red Bean Sesame Ball.
B ($3.10) - our favorites are Shrimp Hargow, Baked BBQ Pork Pie, Shrimp Pasted Eggplant (make sure you get the sauce), Pan Fried Chives Dumpling, Shrimp with Rice Noodle, and for dessert: Mango or Coconut Pudding (with sweetened condensed milk.)
C ($4.15) - Sugar Cane Shrimp
D ($6.15) - Chinese Broccoli, Seaweed Salad, and the Chow Mein.

The standouts are the Chow Mein (even though $6.15 is over-priced for noodles), the Steamed BBQ Bun is the best deal, Pan Fried Chives Dumplings were our favorite, and the best dessert is the Baked Sweet Cream Bun!  Although we love the Seaweed Salad, the portion size is so small, it's not worth $6.15.

Seven of us ate everything we wanted for a total of $82 plus tax. That's a pretty good deal! This is our favorite dimsum place in Vegas!
Excellent choice for Dim Sum.  Busy place, which keeps the food fresh and the carts moving.  Very reasonably priced, as dim sum should be.  Flavor and freshness on the bakery stuff was just as good as on the savory fish and vegetable choices (I don't eat meat other than seafood).  

Great way to start a weekend day.
So good...so so so good!  Be careful not to pick too many things from the carts...it adds up fast.  Five of us racked up $100 bill...so worth it...yummy!!
This place is definitely a hidden jewel at Las Vegas. I didn't know such place existed, until I yelped it.  There are variety of dim sum choices, and as you enter the restaurant it's already packed with people.  This mean that it's really good.  The good thing about it is the diversity of people that enjoys the dim sum there.  Furthermore, the waitresses knows how to speak English really well!! This is the only place that I've heard clear English being spoken!! Awesome!!!!
Umm, where should I begin.  Well, I stopped by this place for lunch on Saturday while I was in Vegas.  The food was so so, and the variety of dim sum is very very limited.  Service is sh.t, they just keep checking your dim sum ticket to see if you are ready to go and get you the check.  Anyway, look for somewhere else if you are craving for dim sum.
Unfortunately I didn't get to eat anything here today. My plan today was to get some dim sum for the first time. I had read reviews about it here and though the Orchids Garden would be my first time Dim sum experience. I read that they had takeout and thought "that's great!". So I went in today around 1:30pm to order some. This is where it started to turn sour for me. When I entered I asked the four waitresses waiting at the register if they had takeout. One waitress automatically pointed at the stack of menu's at the other end of the counter. My thoughts were "OK, there are four of you, one is handling some customers paying for her food and the others are just standing there. Couldn't one of them just hand me a menu instead of me just having to make a wide berth around the customers to grab one?". 

 I didn't say anything but just went went around the other customers and got the menu they pointed out. The menu was for regular Chinese food that I could get anywhere with those prices. There was no dim sum listed. I remembered from reading about this restaurant on Yelp that they must have a dim sum menu. There were no dim sum menu's around the counter, and I didn't get a chance to ask because the same counter people (whom were still just standing there not doing anything) were still focused on the customer they were billing. I'm sure if I waved a brightly colored flag they still wouldn't see me. So I just left, paper menu still in hand.  I really don't know if I'll go back there.  I may just have my Dim Sum experience someplace else. Two stars to this place for at least getting in and seeing the menu.
It was my first time dining here which is weird since I LOVE dimsum but I don't really venture out from our usual places (Chang's, PPP, Cathay) but we were in the neighborhood and starving so we ended up here! I think I was expecting the inside to be much bigger for some reason.. 
So we got our usual stuff of this and that.. I noticed there weren't that many carts going around but during the duration of the time we were there I did she new stuff continually come out on the steamed cart.. No congee here though maybe only on the weekends...  
Everything was pretty tasty my only problem was, with the exception of the steamed items, everything was not hot I mean most dimsum places items are at least warm but here they were just room temp.. Made me feel like they were definitely not fresh haha 
BUT I think the prices here a tad lower than other places because our bill usually comes up to around $30 and here it was only a little over $20 for 2 ppl ~ 

Hot tip: like everyone else has already stated.. They have dim sum round the clock..Though It may be difficult for some to order off the dim sum menu if you don't know the name of the item ..
Really good Dim Sum...definitely the best I've had in Las Vegas.  This isn't a five star restaurant, but it is a five star Dim Sum joint.  

Simple and fresh
Hubby and I came yesterday right when they opened.  What a difference compared to Chang's.  From the moment we walked in, the staff was polite and got us drinks.  Carts were plenty and moving.  These ladies move fast and new stuff kept coming out.  My only complaint is the shrimp rice noodle dish.  The shrimp was small and it seemed like it was too much noodle.  I'm used to dim sum but my husband is still in his preemie stage with it.  While the food is not super awesome, it was great.  Service was the deciding factor.  You know how Chinese restaurants are.  You're lucky if they come to refill your drinks.  We didn't even have to ask.  Needless to say, we thoroughly enjoyed our experience here.
Ehhh.  If you're coming from the Bay Area or LA, this place can't compare to some of the dim sum establishments there.  Place serves dim sum all day, but there wasn't much variety going around the carts when we were there.  We really wanted some Shanghai Dumplings and was told it was coming each time we asked.  Finally, we flagged down one of the waitresses to ask about it and she told us it would be 15-20 minutes for them to make it.  It was never really coming at all!

Shiu Mai, har gow, bean curd skin, chow fun, baked buns, steamed buns, gai lan, etc.  were all decent though a bit small compared to standard.  Not a bad place overall.  It's a bit away from the strip.
- I've only tried dim sum in 2 Vegas eateries.  This was better by default simply because Harbor Palace dim sum was unpalatable.
- Orchids' waiters were quick to fill our requests and the push-cart waitresses paid lots of attention to us (in some LA dim sum joints if you're not Chinese/don't speak Cantonese the push-cart folks sometimes just ignore you).
- Hopefully there's a better Vegas dim sum place I'll come across but until then this'll do.
Great dim sum.
This is one of the better Dim Sum restaurants in Vegas in my opinion. I've tried pretty much all or most of the Dim Sum restaurants here in Vegas and this is one of the better ones. I mean its not fantastically good but better than the rest. 

They do have Dim Sum around the clock but I would recommend going early - afternoon-ish just because the food is fresher because there are more people so they are preparing food constantly. Compared to going later when it is not busy, food can be sitting out for a while.

I would recommend going here or at least give it a shot.
I have been here for dim sum a few times and it is OK.  There was nothing that really ever stood out, positively or negatively, but sometimes dim sum is just calling my name, and this is where we go.  

However, yesterday my family came to try the peking duck.  The last time I had peking duck was in Hong Kong, where the sizzling duck was carved at table side and the skin was perfectly crispy.  It was like candy.  Unfortunately, my experience at Orchids Garden was not on par.  Parts of the skin were still attached to the duck meat and only half of the pieces were crispy, while the others were limp and chewy.  The steamed bun was nice and fluffy, although a little thicker than I prefer.  But, the addition of the plum sauce and the spring onions made me forget the disappointing duck skin. 

I probably won't order it again, hence the search for delicious Peking Duck in Las Vegas continues.  This restaurant is quite clean, though.  Service is friendly, and where else can you get dim sum all day? So, I will definitely be back for that.
Superior dim sum all day and every day!!!! What a BIG surprise!

Who could ever expect this place to be in Las Vegas? Well, that's a factor in my opinion why reviewers trip out on Orchids. I rate my restaurants based on flavor more than any perceived authenticity and this place serves really tasty food!!!!

I've been to a really decent place in the San Gabriel Valley (SGV) called Ocean Star which is pretty much the best true dim sum I've had and I much prefer Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant. Let me also say that Ocean Star is one of the top four dim sum places in the SGV according to Yelpers. I also went to a really, really bad dim sum place in Las Vegas too. 

If you look at the Elite reviews for Orchids you will see that they are mostly three and four star ratings! Few dim sum places in the SGV do better than 3.5 stars overall! Trust me, Orchids is great!!!!

Lately, my BF and I have been to a bunch of places that do not serve Chinese brocoli - but they've got it here! We love our Chinese brocoli too! Just as in Los Angeles the dim sum arrives in carts. There is a great variety of items to eat and they were all good. My BF loves the seaweed wrapped stuffed rice here and he's really picky! All of the shrimp was fresh as can be! I really liked the dim sum sauces here. Another great thing about Orchids is that the dumplings do not fall apart nor ar they too sticky! They are alsonice and juicy! Not as great as Din Tai Fung in Los Angeles, but heck, few things are as great as Din Tai Fung haha! The tea was well steeped too! I really take my tea seriously and sometimes places serve yellowish and flavorless water. Not here!

The place is packed with a mixed crowd! Service was a little better than in Los Angeles SGV places! Lots of free parking!
This place is gross. The food was bland, not hot when brought out, super greesy and horrible service. Typical chinese restaurant.
probably the only place i come for dimsum. great prices and selections. they are always well staffed and you have dimsum carts always moving and restocking.

they have this coconut pastry bun. its the shiz, so good...

my favorite dimsum dish is the chicken feet.
Loved that this restaurant serves dim sum all day. The Chinese Broccoli was cooked very well that day, not over or under done. For some of the ladies in my group, it was the first time they had dim sum, so it was a good experience. And the pricing was good as well. 

Good, cheap, eats. I'd go again in a heart beat.
Great dim sum all day location! Prices are a bit high than other dim sum locations but this place offers it ALL DAY! Save room for dessert and get the rice cakes along with the baked sweet cream buns! They are amazing!
Been here a few times to Orchids, and out of PPP, Changs Cathay House and KJ, I've probably enjoyed their wu gok/fried taro dumplings the best. They have all the usual dim sum items here -- but that fried taro dumpling is basically my litmus test for a good dim sum spot. At Orchids their dumpling was warm with a good ratio of filling-to-dough ratio, it wasn't too greasy or had that soaked up that nasty oil flavor from incorrect frying temperature, and still had that lovely crunch and flakiness on its outer layer. 

Nothing to write home to mama about, its solid/on par for Vegas dim sum standards, 3.5 stars rounding up. It might be out of my way but it's still worth the drive when me and my guest(s) need to eat our way through a hangover in the morning. Like any other decent dim spot arrive early or expect to be waiting a while on the weekends.
I've had many Dim Sum experiences in many different cities across the US.  Although I've lived in Las Vegas or 5 years now, this is officially my FIRST Dim Sum experience in this city.  We came here to celebrate Chinese New Years last night, so Kung Hee Fat Chow.  Or Gung Hee Fat Chow, depending on your dialect.  

The outside of the building transport you to an authentic city in China.  Chinese lettering and a huge sign that read, "Dim Sum all day" really brought us in.  The carpet is definitely outdated, older tables as well.  Adding yellow lining lights on the ceiling and you're now transported to 1960's China.  Definitely needs a revitalization.  The staff is cordial.  Definitely not as pushy to sell you more Dim Sum as I've experienced in other cities.  They also explain the dishes thoroughly in English so you know what you're getting.  Here's what we got:

Chow Mein - probably like 4 plates altogether.  A little oily but so good.  Small crispy noodles with grilled onions.  

Fried Shrimp Puff - Got 3 plates of this in all.  Crispy gyoza like dumplings filled with shrimp.  Super yummy!  Served with a dollop of mayonnaise.    

Juicy Pork Dumpling - Watch out!  The juicy liquid is hot so don't just stick it in your mouth so quickly!  Perfectly steamed.

Steamed Pork Shiu Mai - Reminds me of pork hash from back home in Hawaii.  LOVE.

Shrimp Shiu Mai -  Exactly like the pork, just with shrimp.  Still love.

Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper - They actually shaped the paste into a ball and placed it on top of a big square of steamed bell pepper. The pepper was a little odd.

Pork and Chive Shiu Mai - SUPER OILY.  I had to wipe it down with my napkin.

All in all, a little too oily.  My hands were constantly oily all night.  Not the best experience, I've had better dim sum.  Don't take my word for it.  Please come by and see if you feel the same!
Friendly. I luv their coconut bun
This might be my favorite dim sum in Las Vegas. Sadly, I live in SD now and the dim sum in SD sucks... so whenever I come home I always go here :)
My boyfriend brought me here at like 9pm when we got to Vegas once. I was shocked because they serve dim sum all day. And honestly it's not bad!

Their har-gow is mediocre at best, but the shu-mai is still good! Service isn't amazing, but who expects great service in an Asian restaurant?! Lol

Their egg tarts were ok, and their mango pudding with condensed milk that my friend hyped up, wasn't that great.

Their pork buns are good too! I like them. I don't care for their fried rice, but I'm not a huge fried rice fan to start with.

I'll probably be back here, but it's not something you have to go out of your way to try.
Dim Sum all day!! ... was the only reason why I came here in the first place.

Pricing was a little more expensive than usual, and quality was a little bit lacking. Drove off the strip to find this restaurant but maybe we would've been better off at Earls... Just kidding, I guess it wasn't that bad (but it's definitely not great). When we came restaurant was a little empty, not that many workers pushing the carts around and it took 5ever before the steamed dimsum cart found it's way to our table. Ordered all the basic stuff, none blew my mind away. If this is all that Vegas has to offer, I'm a little sad. Next time that I'm back in SinCity, I'll hit up some other spots.
This place is in a word- AMAZING! The best dim sum you will ever have!! I know I'm biased growing up eating at this restaurant but it is seriously the best dim sum I've ever had and will ever have. I've eaten dim sum in San Francisco and nothing can beat the taste or price of orchids garden dim sum. Like ever. I think my mom and I had at least 8 plates plus imported Tsingtao beer. wanna know whats cool? it was all under 50 dollars. Great price for AMAZING food. A goal of mine one day is to try all of the plates they have! 
So in a nutshell: come here, spend all day being a glutton eating the tasty bits of heaven, leave sated and happy! :D
This review is based only on today's experience,  I would usually give this place a solid 4 stars for the quality and price.
They advertise dim sum all day so I exept the dim dum to be good ALL DAY!!!
I usually get there b4 2pm, my last visit was a few month ago and everything was fresh and exellent.
Got here at 4pm today, it was a terrible idea but Chris really wanted dim sum.
Everything was either soggy or dry,  old and definitely not fresh, I am writing this review in pain, my stomach hurt, this never happened to me,  I have a very strong stomach but something was definitely wrong with the food.
I hope I dont have a food poisoning. 
Do not come here after 2pm,  they will serve you old nasty food that have been waiting in the steamer for hours.
Everyone knows that it's not a REAL dim sum experience unless the little asian ladies pushing the carts around are incredibly pushy and loud about their offerings. And Orchids Garden does not disappoint. If you think I'm being sarcastic, you're wrong. i'm not. I genuinely believe that a proper and authentic dim sum experience involves some dingy chairs and loud, pushy little asian ladies. 

The food is pretty good, not AMAZING, but authentic and DIM SUM ALL DAY!!! i ONLY took one star off because the one thing that every dim sum place should get right is those little flat shrimp rice wraps that they douse in that vinegar sauce? I don't know the name, but surely you know what I'm talking about... anyways, those should always be amazing and here they were a little bland. 

The only thing is that unless you live in Las Vegas, rented a car or have a friend with a car this is pretty hard to get to because it's definitely not on the strip and is actually a little far from the strip. worth it if you want to get some good chinese food. also its REALLY CHEAP. i was with a bunch of people and we split it but i ate a ton of different variety stuff and my check was $10.
I haven't had dimsum in many years until one day Brad T. took me to Orchids garden and yummmm!  

Service (4):  They normally dont serve you, they are usually just there to refill your drinks and give your receipt.  Other than that, they go around and you pick & choose what you want.  
Quality (4.5): The food taste wonderful and I have tried a variety of their selections that they offered.  I love their sesame balls, pork shumai, shrimp noodle, fried rice, etc.  
Atmosphere (4):  Looks clean, sometimes it has a weird smell, comfortable.
Overall(4):  I love this restaurant and I would come back here everytime I crave for some dimsum.  There were a couple of times where we would get here and literally 15minutes were are done eating.
Great service, good Dim Sum. But what do I know? I'm a stupid American... LOL
We went for Dim Sum when they first opened for brunch using a $30 RJ Deals coupon. They were located on W Sahara Ave between S Jones Blvd and S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.  

There were comfortable booths around the perimeter and tables in the middle.  The food on the carts came out fresh and steaming hot.

We started with the Shiu Mai and Har Gow.  The 4 Shiu Mai was a little on the small side and the shrimp was minced.  The 4 Har Gow filling was also minced.  No whole pieces of shrimp.  The outer dough was delicate and light.  

The Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper was okay.  There were 3 squares of green bell pepper filled with shrimp paste.  The bell pepper was grilled which gave it a good flavor.

The server cut the 3 Deep-fried glutinous rice dumplings with pork (haam sui gau) in half with scissors which made them easy to eat.  The filling was greasy, tasteless, and skimpy. They were hot and freshly fried.  I would not order these again here.  Harbor Palace had some of the best I've had with pork and dried shrimp.

The 3 Shark Fin Dumplings were good with the thin skin and lots of firm meat on the inside.

The 3 BBQ Pork Buns were okay, but not great. The pastry was flaky.  They were brushed with egg wash and sprinkled with sesame seeds.  I've had better in Denver.  I would not order these again here.

The 3 Don Tot were bite-sized.  They had more crust than custard, but were flaky.

The 3 Baked Sweet Cream Buns were filled with sweet creamy custard on the inside, fluffy on the outside.  Yum!

The 2 Baked Coconut Buns had lots of shredded coconut on the outside.

There were plenty of people to clear empty plates and easy to get the bill.  The carts came around frequently.  The variety was a little limited, but we could have ordered off the menu.

I was a little disappointed to not see my favorite Steamed Pork Ribs in Black Bean Sauce, nor did I see the Sticky Fried Rice.

To get the bill to $30, we ordered extra plates of pastries to take home.
I seriously think they have changed head chefs. I went today and had my usual standard dim sum favorites...har gow, shu mai, char siu bao, chive dumplings, bean curd rolls etc.  and with the exception of the XO cheng fun everything tasted bland and not on par with their usual service. 

The spare ribs were flavorless and tasted gamy, the har gow dumpling skins were grainy and overly chewy, and the all time favorite char siu bao lacked the BBQ sweetness that I love. Everything seemed to be missing something. I don't know what is is...but they need to get it back quick!
Finally, a restaurant that dares to defy traditional lunchtime dim sum hours!

They have the typical offerings like shu mai, har gow, and chicken feet, but the real kicker is that they have it all day!  For the most part, their food is tasty and filling for a low price. Go ahead, indulge in the char siu bao and sesame balls! Just note that the har gow and shrimp wrapped in rice noodle stick together and are scantily filled. Besides the portion size, another issue is that some of the dishes can be bland.

The vast, clean dining space accommodates both the diners and the little old Chinese ladies pushing their metal carts. These carts sure make their rounds quick! Pretty sure the same lady made a few laps before we ordered something from her cart. Plenty of parking is found in the front and back of the building. I like that there's room to maneuver around in and out of the restaurant, because it gets claustrophobic at Chang's.

The portions and flavor could be improved, but Orchids Garden is pretty decent for dim sum in Vegas.
I equate Orchid Garden to the Wal Mart of DIm Sum.  

It is large, busy, open all the time, and has it all.  It is certainly not the best dim sum available.  However, you continue to frequent it due to its convenience and mass appeal.  

Prices change depending on whether or not you are Chinese.  That is certainly annoying.  

Since it is generally busy, the food is usually hot.  That's a major plus!  
I been many times, I'll go again - fully knowing, it's not the best but just fine.
Whenever we are in town,, we make time to go here for Dim sum n just take a break fr buffets. I luv their coconut bread
This was our second visit for Dim Sum using a $30 RJ Deals coupon.  We came during the dinner hour.  It's better to come for lunch when the food is fresh and hot unless you order off the menu.

The 3 Taro Balls were warm and delicate.  There was light taro paste and ground pork inside.  I would order these again.

The Shrimp Rice Noodles were very plain.  They just had whole pieces of shrimp inside served with sweet soy sauce on top.  I like the kind with scallions and dried shrimp in the noodle with shrimp on the inside.

The 3 Baked Sweet Cream Buns were exceptionally good.  The custard was gooey and the buns were soft and fluffy.

The plate of Sticky Rice was small, but tasty.  I don't see this dish on the Dim Sum carts very often.  They usually have noodle dishes.

The 3 Sesame Balls with red bean were okay.  The server cut them in half with scissors.

The 3 Chive Dumplings were large and pan fried.  I typically don't order them, but they were different.

The Chinese Broccoli was cooked perfectly.  The server had a plate on the cart, but brought us a fresh hot plate.

The Steamed Spare Ribs were a little fatty.  There were 2 small pieces of pumpkin in it.  I did not see this dish last time I was here.

The review for the Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shark Fin Dumplings, and Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper remain the same.

I knew not to order the Deep-fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings, BBQ Pork Buns, Don Tot, and Baked Coconut Buns (I didn't like them).

I was pleased that I got the Sticky Rice and Steamed Spare Ribs in Black Bean Sauce on this visit.
Ok I see this place is busy but must be because of out of towners because the food is meh!! The food is mediocre. I have never been to a dim sum restaurant that does not have any hao cao. Every time the carts come by, I would ask " u have ha cao?" The answer was " it 's coming."  We were there 2 hours and it never came. Heard the wait staff tell a Chinese customer there is no ha cao. What the heck? How can u call yourself a dim sum restaurant and not serve ha cao? That's like going to a Mexican restaurant that doesn't serve enchiladas or tacos.  I was totally disappointed. The dishes were not hot- a no no for Asian restaurant. Will never go again- only went because the hubby loved it.  There are way better dim sum places on spring mountain road- Chinatown/vietnatown of Las Vegas.
I went back about a week ago and it was not as good. Maybe I've been spoiled by Vancouver but the harcow was small and not as tasty as I remember and the same can be said for the bean curd wraps, The BBQ pork buns lacked filled and were too sweet. I hope I just went on a bad day.
Sign outside says rated best dim sum in 2010. Well alot must have changed in 3 years. I would highly disagree..lol I was sub par at best with lack of flavor and cooking time of certain dishes that need to be cooked longer for the meats/ tendons/ and or other organs to property become consistance of how the traditional dim sum dish is suppose to be.

The service was a bit lacking as well
I went here with my best friend on Valentine's Day and we were seated immediately. We were there before dinner time and awhile after we got in, the restaurant started getting pretty busy. The service was decent and not very memorable, but I'm giving it 5 stars because of the food. The Steamed Pork Shiu Mai was one of the best that I've ever had. It was so flavorful and tasted fresh, unlike other Dim Sum places *Ahem, East Ocean*. I am also a huge fan of their Shrimp Har Gow as well as their Steamed BBQ Pork Bun. 

We got other food items as well, but those three are the ones that I am most critical about and Orchids Garden passed with flying colors!

Near the end of our meal, the servers came out and gave the ladies who were dining single roses. I thought that this was such a nice touch!
Dim Sum here is amazing! The ladies come by with their carts as soon as you sit down. We will be back.
I never had Dim Sum before but I'll be back. The Chive Dumplings and Pork Bun with black bean and sesame seeds were delicious!  I never had Sunflower Tea before but I will again, absolutely delicious.
Probably the worst food I've ever eaten.. My husband and I came here after seeing such good reviews posted here on yelp. We were both in the mood for trying some tasty dim sum and it sounded like a good idea... until we got here. We grabbed a couple of dishes to start. It doesn't matter what they were cause here is what is important they were all cold, stale, and didn't even appear appetizing. Needless to say, we didn't grab anything else. Oh and the worst part, as soon as I got home I felt stomach sick and had to throw up. That never happens. This place is a disaster. 
Please save yourself from food-borne illnesses and paying to eat frankenfood. I would have rather eaten a hundred booger flavored jellybellys. It was that bad.
I thought the food was good but the prices were extremely high!  I can see myself returning for the food; unfortunately, the cost will deter me from making this place a regular favorite.
All day dim sum and the food is tasty too. Just don't go too late or they seem to run out of certain dishes. Prices are reasonable and service is fairly quick. Sometimes if you ask them they will even make a dish that you don't see on the carts which is great!
If you're craving Dim Sum and you're searching for a place to go, this place will do. It will satisfy your craving, but it's not the best. The restaurant is large, so you typically do not have to wait that long to be seated and it's good for large groups. They have all your typical Dim Sum dishes that you love, but overall I've had better. This might be my go-to Dim Sum place in Vegas, but I know of places in Cali that are amazing in comparison. 
If you don't know what Dim Sum is- it's like Asian tapas food. Little bite size chinese food that is wheeled out to you on little carts. You just point to the ones you want and they drop it off on your table and stamp your table card to keep track how many dishes to charge you for. Most of the time I don't know the name of any of the dishes, so I just point at the ones that look tasty and give them a try. That's that best way to experience Dim Sum for sure.
Try something new for lunch my co-worker said! 

Well, it was the worst meal I've had in Vegas, for a million reasons.  I made him pick up the check, because that's just punishment for this kind of idea.

Dim Sum was a D+ at best - this is compared to all other Dim Sums.  If you have to choose something, get the pork siomai.  It's a solid C-, so it's the best you're gonna get here.

The entrees (Why order an entree at a Dim Sum place?  Shame on me, I know.) were not edible.  I really mean it.  The fried rice wasn't fried and the beef... well, it wasn't beef.

If you have thin skin, or like clean dishes, go elsewhere.  The ladies on the carts would give you some serious stink eye if you didn't take their grade D meat.  And if you ask for a fork without any residue, more stink eye!  

Worst chinese in Nevada.  (That's really saying something)
I love that they have dim sum all day. Only been here once and it was just okay to below average. I ordered my usual favorites: calamari was cold and greasy, though very crispy, probably would have been quite good if it were hot and fresh.  Fried taro wasn't very good, outside was not light and fluffy at all, and I didn't like the filling.  Sticky rice wrapped in leaves was okay, but I've had better, did not detect any mushrooms in the filling which is my favorite part. Shu mai was good. Shrimp dumplings okay. Leek dumplings were greasy. The chicken bao was good but could have used more filling. The shrimp rice noodle roll also lacked filling. The congee just didn't look like there was much it it so I didn't get any. The 8 dishes ordered and hot tea came out to $30 and some change. Just a side note...I felt pretty queasy after eating there. Chang's is better!
Let's be honest:
Is this my favorite dim sum place? No. 
Is this the dim sum place I most frequent? Yes!

When it comes to dim sum, I have a specific set of items that I order. I love shrimp. If it has shrimp in it, I must have it.
When it comes to dim sum, my husband has a specific set of items that he orders. He hates fish. Loves meat. If it doesn't have fish, and just meat, he must have it.
Could I tell you the exact name of our favorites? No clue - but I could describe it:
shrimp dumplings, some shrimp dumpling with green stuff in it (chives maybe?), shrimp ball with a sugar cane in it, har gow (I goggled this so that IS the actual name). For my hubs, he loooooooves the BBQ pork buns and the sticky pork buns!

Needless to say, we do not share what we order and after coming to Orchids Garden  over 4 times, we have the place down to a science.

#1 Come early. I have never been to this place on a week day and I have never been to the place over an hour from it's opening time. I read the reviews of the place, and I immediately learned that I don't think I would enjoy it as much in the middle of the week or for a late lunch. I have already noticed the difference between their Sunday service and their Saturday and have learned from friends' experiences - Sunday morning is the best time to go.

#2 don't order anything from a person who's cart is almost empty. The cart ladies work hard and if most of the stuff is gone from the cart, it's safe to assume that they've been around the block a few times. I have made the mistake and had lukewarm shrimp balls and no- they are not good.

#3 A friend of mine had said they had a bad experience because almost every minute someone stopped by their table with cart asking if they wanted something. I think he was complaining that it was hard to have a conversation when they were being interrupted repeatedly. My advice to my friend was - don't go to dim sum then. Dim sum is all about the food. In my opinion, the expectations should be a variety of hot food readily available to you when you sit down. It's not about how friendly the lady pushing the cart is, or how many times you were bothered after you were clearly full.

I am a regular at Orchids Garden because of it's easy-to-get-to location, consistency of food quality, and most of all - the price. Plus, our water glasses are always full, the bathrooms are clean, and we never have to wait to get our bill.

While there are plenty of great dim sum places around town (Ping Pang Pong to name one), Orchids Gardens is my go to spot for early afternoon cravings. It hasn't let me down once.
Dim sum all day long. We need a place like this in L.A.
The Dim Sum here are bad. Everything was salty and bland. Need I say more? Vegas really needs a good Dim Sum place.
Not exactly the best dim sum I have ever had, but not horrible either.  I do like that if I crave dim sum for dinner that this place serves it all day!  Also, the staff is really friendly.  When we wanted something on the menu that wasn't on the carts the waitress brought it out for us.   They were pretty efficient with service without being pushy to get you in and out.
This is always the dimsum place my uncle takes me to get dimsum when i am in Vegas for vacation . This place is always crowded when I go. Theres not that many choices of food to choose from. And the waiters come by the table with the same exact food over and over even though i just said no. But over all its pretty good food.
For an all day dimsum in Las Vegas this is a must try. The carts are always moving. There is various types of good dimsum that they offer: chicken feet, Chinese broccoli, dumplings and more. This is a must try place!

Sometimes if you are waiting for one of the items though it takes them awhile.

The service is ok.
Dim Sum served all day?!? Yes please!!! If only other dim sum locations did this, I would be in heaven! Since I sure do love my Asian food, and sometimes wish I can have dim sum later on in the day. Been to Orchids on two occasions, one was for a wedding at night with typical Chinese banquet wedding food, and the other was for a dim sum breakfast. Service was decent, the wedding food was average, but the dim sum was slightly above average. Four stars because it's served all day.
good selection
I love dimsum & this place is my go-to dimsum restaurant. I believe it's all day dimsum which I appreciate because my cravings varies & when I want it, I gotta have it, no matter what time. LOL.

I enjoy their Shumai, "Manapuas" (Both white & brown bread), Short Ribs, etc! 

It's probably not the best place to get dimsum but I end up coming here all the time. Unless I find another dimsum place to fall in love with, my heart is with Orchids Garden!
Food was fast as hell. All the ones they brought out was amazing. 

One of the servers reached across the table to give me some food, that wasn't good. But the rest of the servers were cool. Didn't understand a word they said, but I just looked at the food and pointed at the ones I wanted. 

The environment was cool. Nice and spacey. 

Best thing about this place is that u don't have to wait for your food to come.
Picked up take out with different options to make everyone happy. I picked this place because I love dim sum, reviews said they were good, and have been searching for good dim sum since I left the east coast. I really want simple vegetable steamed dumplings with soy sauce. No such luck, although I thought this was a common item. I picked something with pork. It was ok. Different. But not that great. Got sesame chicken and moo shu pork. The sesame chicken was like breaded chicken nuggets in sesame oil. No seasoning and no flavor. Just oily. And no vegetables. Most places at home do it with broccoli, and one with cabbage. Not this time. The moo shu smelled and tasted like fish. Not sure if they actually use fish paste with moo shu pork or just used a dirty pot that was last used for fish. The wraps were flour instead of rice. Either way I paid about $10 more than average and was very disappointed. Would have been better to go to panda express.
Orchids serves dim sum all day. It was a disappointment. We were there around 8 pm.  Everything we had was cold and old. They should just stick with dim sum in the afternoon just like other dim sum restaurants.
We came for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon using a $30 RJ Deals coupon.   They were located on W Sahara Ave between S Jones Blvd and S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.  
The restaurant was very crowded.  When we have come before, there have only been a few other parties.

We ordered the Chinese Broccoli, Fried Calamari, Chive Dumplings, Steamed Spare Ribs, Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper, Deep-fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings,  Chinese Tamales, and Baked Sweet Cream Buns.

See my previous two reviews for details on each item.  This was the first time I had the Fried Calamari.  The breading was heavy and once it got cold, it didn't taste very good.

We asked for the Shark Fin Dumplings several times and the gals kept on saying "Later".  I did not see the Sticky Fried Rice either.

My favorite item was the Baked Sweet Cream Buns.  I would order them every time.

We will be back.
My wife and I LOVE this place.

The food is delicious and remarkably affordable!  I haven't been to any other dimsum restaurant here in Vegas, so I can't compare to others, but this once is delicious.

They have a good variety of dishes.  I love the stuffed taro, the baked and steamed pork shumai, the chow mein, the chinese broccoli...  I love it all.

The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is because of the service, not the food.

Often you have to wave someone down to get them to refill your drink. Also, some times I will request a dish and they just never bring it by for us.  

Besides those minor details, this is a great place to dine!

*Can't review the regular menu because we also get the dimsum.
I'm 100% Chinese, from Taiwan to Irvine to San Francisco and have had my share of yummy Dim Sum. Since moving to LV,Orchid Garden is the best Dim Sum I've had in the past two years. The service was quick and had lots of variety of dishes. I tried the radish cakes, suimai, bbq pork buns, hai gao and got so full I had to take the rest home. Authentic and flavorful. My new go to place when I'm craving Dim Sum!
Good food...but won't return because they sell shark fin items. And I don't believe in finning a shark and because I don't know how it was harvested (properly or not) I won't be returning to eat there.
I've been here about 4 times and I pretty much know what I like and don't like here.  

The Baked Cream Buns are a must.  Everything else is average or I know what not to order.

We asked for the Steamed Spare Ribs and finally got 2 orders delivered to our table.

I never saw the Sweet Sticky Rice come by, but  I suppose we could have special ordered it.

We ordered the Chinese Broccoli, Chive Dumplings, Steamed Spare Ribs, Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shark Fin Dumplings, Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper, Shrimp Paste in Eggplant, Sticky Sweet Rice in Lotus Leaf, Taro Balls, Sesame Seed Balls, and Baked Sweet Cream Buns.

We will be back.
Came here after a long crazy Vegas weekend and it was the best meal to have before the long ride back to San Diego. I love dimsum and this place did not disappoint. It had all the basic dimsum plates and it is a big restaurant to seat big families and groups. We had great service and I really enjoyed eating here! I hope to come back next time when I am in Vegas!
I love dim sum and this is the best place to get it, here in Vegas! The only thing is, the ladies are non-stop! Haha it can be a good thing or a bad thing. But none the less their food is amazingly tasty, and fresh! And OMG! You have to, have to try their baked pork buns!! So warm and fresh! I must say it was my favorite! I actually wanted to get some kind of dessert but these bad boys were calling my name! I had to get them! Though I was still kind of hungry I wanted to stop so I would have room for some dessert. So instead I chose these. So sweet and savory! I'm gonna have dreams about them now. :)
They do seem to have dim sum all day.  It was good.  Not spectacular, but what I'd call workmanlike dim sum.  Also, being well off the strip, it's easy to get to and easy to park.

I didn't get the feeling of being an unwelcome obstruction that some dim sum places exude.  It's a little hard to appreciate a dim sum place when you're there solo, so maybe they deserve another star.  Too bad there's no 3 1/2 rating....
For good dim sum in Las Vegas, you probably won't find a much better place than Orchids Garden.  Because of their all day dim sum dining, the place is steadily busy!

We finally decided to try Orchids Garden because we kept hearing about it.  There are a ton of places on Spring Mountain that cater to the dim sum crowd but Orchids Garden off of Sahara kept coming up.  Off to dim sum we go!

The lady and I went on a Saturday for lunch time and it was no joke, the restaurant was full!  There were people shouting and whistling as carts full of wonderful dim sum were whizzing around the dining area.  There was steam and foul-sounding 
Chinese language everywhere!  Definitely nice to see the hustle and bustle.  Gotta get your dim sum order in before the cart runs out and you have to wait!

After being seated we were given a regular restaurant menu and the dim sum menu.  It was a nice touch, prices were given in categories, and pictures were used for the various dim sum to make it easier for patrons who are not familiar with the art of dumplings.  I've watched dim sum making before, and damn, it truly is an art because you gotta be patient and be able to put out quality dim sum in almost no time flat.  Oh my aching hands!

Orchids Garden dim sum is fairly priced.  Still a bit more than dim sum from places like Cali, but not bad for Vegas standards.  All dim sum dishes range from around $2 - $6 area, and there is something for just about everyone.  Me?  I love sticking to the cheap, cheap, cheap end of the dim sum spectrum.  I think all dim sum should be cheap!  It's supposed to be akin to street food!  Who the heck wants to pay $6 for friggin' Chinese broccoli?  I don't.  Some of our faves:

-Steamed chicken feet (love it)
-Steamed BBQ pork bun
-Pan fried daikon cake
-Baked BBQ pork bun (yummy)
-Shrimp har gow
-Pan fried chives dumpling (chive-y)
-Beef in rice noodle
-Mushroom shiu mai

The chicken feet here are fantastic!  Sticky, fatty, and delicious with a bowl of hot white rice.  We employ multiple orders of this whenever we go.  I am also a big fan of the chives dumpling since I am an onion lover.  Each of the dim sum above is in the $2 - $4 range for each serving.  Not too cheap but not so expensive it breaks the bank.  I've had better dim sum in other places but I think for Las Vegas it is pretty good.  Not to mention, dim sum all day?  It appeals to a lot of (drunk @$$)people here.  

I've seen the restaurant menu but have yet to try anything off of it.  But it does have a massive amount of choices which is good.  But for now, dim sum me up...baby!

Verdict?  Orchids Garden is a good spot for some decent dim sum.  They are fast, effective, and your dim sum comes out nice and steamy.  Service for us was OK, although some folks say the service can be a bit rude.  But then again, Chinese restaurants aren't always known for having the best service.  So the next time you have a dim sum craving and can't decide where to go, give Orchids Garden a try.  Just remember, it's off of Sahara and not Spring Mountain!
Not bad dim sum at all. Went to this place for dinner. Not a fancy dim sum place but if you're hungry and craving for cantonese food this restaurant will do it!

Service was ok and carts came pretty fast as we sat down, especially since the place wasn't packed.
One of the best dim sum in Vegas, good prices and friendly service, can't beat dim sum all day!
I honestly think the best dim sum in the world. You must try the sticky rice, crab balls and shrimp balls. Scrumptious!
Excellent dim sum.
Four people, no liquor, tip included $85.
Food excellent. Service excellent. Ambiance loud but my father always told me "if the locals (Orientals) eat there, the restaurant must be good".

Please take note of the free, monthly emailed Newsletter:
OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS IN LAS VEGAS.
by Bill Mandel (billhere), Publisher.

You will be notified of the new things that are opening in 
Las Vegas and yes, even the things that are closing. 

No hype just honest reporting. NO ads and did I say it's FREE.
We are in our 16th year of publication.
Welcome to Vegas.

TO JOIN, JUST GO ON THE INTERNET TO:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
www.lvopenings.com
First visit and I was not sure what to expect.  Was not to sure what this whole dim sum thing was about only that it was small portions that came to you on carts and you just picked what you wanted. Went with 2 girlfriends from school and we were hungry. We ended up getting 9 plates to share. It did not seem like a lot of food because everything came in 3s. Three small potstickers, three small pork balls, three small this, and that. Well we were so wrong.    After eating all the different things we had to be rolled out of there. 

Place was good, only problem is you don't know how much things cost when they are wheeling them around. They ask if you want it, you say yes, they give it to you then they take a stamp and place it on A,B,C etc.  at the end they take your ticket and bring you back your bill with the price. Everything in Chinese except the dollar amount. 

I would go back and give it another try. Like I said food was good. It was kept hog and fresh.
Dim sum is served hot and tasty and the carts just keep coming and the women are assertive and try to get you to order the dishes off the cart!  Must better experience this time around
Meh. For me, nothing special. Dimsum items: Shumai was good. Calamari was not good. The shrimp rice noodle was disappointing. Edible but blah! Menu items: noodles and lobster were good. 

Overall, I think it's 2 to 3 star rating. I'm giving it a 3 since I wasn't able to try their other dimsum items. I'll probably come back but not anytime soon.
The restaurant is a little far  from China town. I came here for yum cha. Its is very delicious w/ decent price but has too much MSG that my friend had major headache (he is allergy to MSG).
came on a sunday for dimsum about 11:30 and had a small wait maybe 5-10mins. but by the time we finished there was a pretty big crowd waiting for seating. the carts seemed to be speeding off somewhere and never wanting to stop at each table which i thought was really weird. i had to literally holler for them to stop. between 6 of us, we had maybe 17 dishes or so and the bill was 70 with tips! fairly reasonable. the tendon and chow fun was one of our faves. most of the other dishes were satisfying enough but lacked flavor that we have in NY.
I came here based on the recommendation of a non-Chinese friend - yes my bad !  It was packed but not with Cantonese like at the other famous dim sum in Vegas at Rio - it's probably the worst dim sum I have ever eaten. Shrimp Dumpling () no flavor and the skin literally fell apart , chicken feet were bland and no trace of black bean , seasoning or anything just drowned in oily sludge, cold and flavorless egg tart , I left most of the food I ordered - nothing going by on the trolley looked appetizing - my guess is this place has a reputation with the local Filipino and Caucasian community and its days are past. The prices at KJ Seafood at Rio are no different and the selection is much better and well prepared not to mention clean and modern environment more like what you would find in Hong Kong .  I guess the all day dimsum is even worse because I came at prime time for dim sum on Saturday at 2pm.
Most of the Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas serving dim-sum are pretty good.
Quality at most of them seems to never quite constant. I was told many of the dim-sum chefs do not stay at one place too long; or staying in Las Vegas too long (too much temptation from gambling).
We like the Orchids Garden because they serve dim-sum all day.
Wish they would fit the parking lot at the back.
Pretty busy when we came but we didn't have to wait long. My gf ordered a coffee and said it tasted like crap so she asked for another one. The food was good and the same as other dim sum places I have been to in LA. Prices are reasonable also.
For those of you that think this place serves great dim sum: you need to know that dim sum is suppose to be served warm. We ordered about 8 dishes that are suppose to be warm, but not a single one was served any better than lukewarm.
I came here for dimsum. My friend loves this place so I tried... 3 times. I want to like this place but quality is just not there. Oil tasted stale, steam are ok. I will not go back again, or recommend. I am done!
The good thing about Orchids Garden is that they serve dim sum all day. The food is pretty good but I can't say it's my favorite place for dim sum.

What's good about dim sum is that each dish is inexpensive and you can sample a variety of food. I always get Chinese broccoli, shumai, BBQ pork buns, stir-fried noodles, shrimp wontons, shrimp balls, minced meat balls, sesame balls...and whatever balls they have. These are my favorites and what I would normally get at any restaurant that serves dim sum. Their shrimp wontons aren't the best. 

Now, what really turns me off with this place is that they nuke their food in the microwave. I love roast pork and that's just one of the best examples of food they microwave. The meat is warm but the skin gets chewy, no crisp and just unenjoyable.

The key to a good Chinese restaurant is the service. If the servers speak good English and are friendly, go somewhere else!
Not to bad, I may think about going back to this place. The only item that tasted a little foul was the calamari.
Good food, clean restaurant, attentive service. Dim Sum all day, nice. First time I had chicken feet and it was really delicious. If you have had dim sum at San Francisco's Ton Kiang, the dim sum will taste average to good.
Had Dim Sum in Hong Kong, drove by here and had to stop in. Ordered Shumai, BBQ pork buns (both baked and steamed), and various other dishes and all were excellent. 

The taro and the baked pork buns were really wonderful. You order from carts, and it is a fun, delicious way to have lunch. 

The staff was friendly and service was very good.
There are probably four dedicated dim sum joints in Vegas now, after visiting the other three, this was the only left I have yet to try.  We arrived about noon and seated rather quickly despite the whole dining room being full of people.

The dim sum quality was a bit disappointing for Vegas standard.  Shu Mai was very gross with just pork inside.  Rice Rolls were ok.  Fruit Tart and Coconut Buns were conceptually interesting. Chicken Feets were too saucy. Xiaolongbao, cannot expect much from non-Shanghainese joint.  Everything else was at par.  The dim sum ladies were very aggressive in selling their items, almost like a 5 minutes repeating cycle asking to get something without realizing our table was already full.

Orchid Garden was ok neighborhood dim sum joint, and I suppose the locals would visit here more often due to the logistic and distance away the tourist crowd near the Strip.
I have eaten here twice and it is so good. I love this place and trying all of the delicious foods that come around. Their shrimp dumplings are something magical, I can't get enough of them. The steam buns are perfectly chewy and sweet and the meat inside is flavorful. The service was on point, almost too on point... They are always there to swap your empty plates with steaming, hot goodness in no time making for a very filling experience. I can't wait to bring more people here.
We were told to go here for Dim Sum because they serve it all day long.  Yes this is true, but I hope to never have the "pleasure" of having their food again.  Nothing was fresh, many things were still frozen on the inside and our table was dirty.

On top of everything else if it were really a great financial deal I would still tell people to go here and get a cheap meal, but it cost as much as our favorite dim sum spot does who has exceptional food.  BIG hint, there weren't any Asian clientele.  They definitely cater to an American client who doesn't know better.

This is a definite pass for us.
This place is awful I don't know why the ratings are so high. The service is bad. The food is filled with MSG. My lips are burning as I finished my food. All their offerings are nothing special. The food is not high-quality. Nothing else to comment except don't go here.
Great, fast Dim Sum!  We got here at about 6:00 on a Sunday and I was a little concerned that they would be out of some of my favorites but they had everything. It was all really fresh and delicious!  The cart ladies were really friendly and helpful and came around many times. 

We had:
Steamed BBQ pork bun
Deep fried meat ball
Steamed pork shiu Mai
Shrimp pasted bell pepper
Chow mein
Calamari
Baked sweet cream bun

My favorites were the BBQ pork bun, shui mai and the cream bun but really everything was amazing. 

Our total with hot tea and water to drink was $ 28!  A deal for two people to eat until we almost burst. We will definitely be back!!
My wife and I decided to try this place out for lunch.   We are originally from Hawaii and to find a place that does DIM SUM for lunch in Vegas is worth a try.   All the items delivered to the table were hot and fresh, however we were kind of turned off by the aggressive waitresses.   The circle the room and despite your table being full of plates, they still try to push more food on you.   Can't say this is the best we have had , because we have had much better.  VERY PRICEY, we will not be going back.  Overall ok but not worth the price.
We always eat here everytime we.visit Las Vegas. Great dim sum, reasonable price. Service is great. No wonder it is packed. wil definitely come again.
This place is garbage! The dim sum is cold and the taro taste like ammonia. Stay away from this restaurant.
Good dim sum. They fill a need quite well.  Them carts came around so often, we had to wave them off almost as many times.  

No msg headache here.  Monkey shall return for all the usuals.  Dim Sum served all day, so no big rush, so long as you are hungry.
This was the first and only all dim sum place I've been to in Vegas and have been really lazy to venture out into something else. It's opened 24 hours and parking isn't horrible, but can sometimes get packed during weekend afternoons. Sometimes guests are turned off by the aggressive nature of the people handling the carts, but I completely get it, it's their job. I just smile and say "no thank you".  The dining room is huge, so even if there is a long wait, the wait isn't so bad. My favorite items are the BBQ pork buns, custard buns for dessert and the fried shrimp dim sum that you can completely engulf in the yummy mayo sauce they have. They do have a regular menu you can order off of too, if dim sum isn't your thing. If anyone has any other good dim sum recommendations in the Vegas area, please let me know :D
Meh. Okay food. Three stars because I was hugely disgusted by my water. Check then picture I added.
We live in Vegas part of the year and this is our fave for dim sum, great taste, great price, great service.  And of course, food arrives right as you sit down, which is awesome when you are hungry.
I like their chicken feet a lot. It melts in your mouth. The place itself is not so great but the dimsum is good enough but not exactly great.
Very good and affordable. The food is filling and their dimsum is the best. We'll definitely come back. :)
Dim sum served all day? Yes! Get in my belly!! This was my fist time that I've had dim sum served from the cart. I know I know that's odd especially since I've only eaten dim sum in Cali. But when I had dim sum, it was the type where you ordered what you wanted by marking it on a piece of paper. I seriously felt like a glutton. I came here with my cousin and her family and I think they were secretly making fun of me because I wanted everything! The lady would come by and I would grab everything from the cart! Hey for my first time at this place, I wanted to try it all! The list of the few items I didn't like is shorter than what I did. I can't remember the names off the top of my head but I do remember that the crab wontons and their mayonnaise sauce was to die for!
Nice Prices, Good Food, Okay Service...It was a nice place to have brunch at with my girls. It was new to me. Dim Sum was awesome and all the other foods were good. I would go back again.
So far this is my favorite dim sum place. Service is good and fast. Carts keep coming!
I've been coming here for Dim Sum for as long as I can remember. I always come for the Pan Fried Chive Dumpling, my favorite of all time. They give you a dim sum menu so you know what everything is or you can tell the ladies what you want & they'll send the cart over. They still come around anyway. If you don't see what you were looking for in the menu just ask. Some items are made to order. I just learned that actually on my last visit. You can also order from the regular menu if you want. The hot tea is good too.
This place is so awesome. It has yummy food and it is a great place to be able to hang out with friends. The carts are always coming and I love the atmosphere. ^o^
They serve the best pineapple buns in town! "Balo Bao" is small little baked buns with a yellow top crust. Their's is filled with a custard and are soooo yummy! The rest of the dim sum is pretty average. Expect a wait on the weekends if you come between 11:30 and 1pm.

Fun place to bring a group of 4 or more. 6 to 8 people is ideal so you can try a bunch of different things. They also do a good Chow Fun that's "sup chow" AKA wet.  I know that doesn't mean a lot to most.... but if you get what I'm sayin' ... it's good.
Great dim sum.  I don't get here as often as I'd like,  but it's a solid place to go.
The food wss average, portions small, service was goodprice was reasonable . I did like  beef chow fun .we did not have to wait
I love coming here for dimsum. They have a great staff and the food is great. The prices are not bad niether about $80 for 11 people you can't beat that. I would definatly reccomend this place
This is definitely a study in chaos. It took about ten minutes to get a table. We were hungry. My husband delighted in the pork buns, which had a delightful maple accent. I found them a tad sweet. The steamed chive dumplings were wonderfully savory. I found the calamari a bit greasy and off putting. The duck was tender, but not outstanding. The skin lacked that extra crisp texture. The shumai were fantastic. 

Perhaps I'm being elitist, but I don't understand how any restaurant worth it's salt can't have fresh ground pepper.

Look for the full, hot, steaming carts. Few items=old and cold.

The service was what you would expect for dim sum. If you're looking for something more than descriptive, go elsewhere. The service is fast and the food is plentiful. Don't be afraid to say no, or you'll risk over ordering.

Definitely a place I'll check out again.
The food is still ok.. Not as good as it used to be about a year back.. Waitress have no manners and are grumpy...
We were driving down the street the other night and saw this beautiful building with a lot of cars in the parking lot. So we stopped and grabbed a bite. The dining area is very large, I was quite surprised. They do Dim Sum all day, which is awesome. The ladies who go around to the tables know what is in each of the dishes too. That's unusual for some of the places I've been. 
We ordered egg rolls, shrimp in lobster sauce, sweet & sour chicken & chicken fried rice. The egg rolls were good, nothing to write home about which is sometimes a good thing. The shrimp in lobster sauce was a little more soupy than we expected, but it was a new dish to us so it was worth a try. The sweet & sour chicken, though, was AMAZING. I have NEVER had such tender chicken in my life. I seriously asked the waiter if this was really chicken. He laughed & said yes. I was completely blown away by how delicious this dish was. For that matter alone, I would go and will go back again. 

Great service, amazing sweet & sour chicken & Dim Sum all day! Plus it's 5 minutes it from my house. Gets a good review in my book!
Loved it. Good service, a lot of carts coming through. Decent selection, although that could be better but everything I had was really good. The cost is reasonable too, two of us ate until we couldn't eat any more and it was about $35. Very busy in there so there is a lot of turn over of food and tables = freshness. I had the cream bun for dessert which was excellent, crusty on the outside but soft and creamy sweet goodness on the inside. Also, had the bbq steamed bun, chinese broccoli, eggplant, shrimp balls and a number of other things that I can't remember but everything we had was great.
Went here with family. 
Very busy restaurant, the food was decent, nothing special.
Customer service was ok, some were rude.
Pineapple buns are bomb!
The parking sucked.
We always see the commercial at TFC and intrigued by this whole day dim sum spot so we gave it a try. Decor and ambience is your average Chinese restaurant.  We were seated right away and immediately served by one of the carts. In addition to the typical dim sum offerings, we were Pleasantly surprised that they have chow mein, steamed clams and shark's fin siomai. Disappointed that they don't have the fried seaweed roll and they don't automaticAlly serve the mustard/chili combo sauce. Towards the middle of our meal, my friend was speechless and immobilized as a small cockroach started walking across the table in front of her, it was small and didn't touch the food, but it's still a cockroach!! It made us wonder if the dining area has cockroach, how about tHe kitchen full of food?  We don't know if we're coming back.
If you've ever read my reviews or know me in real life, you would know that I value consistency. And it's exactly this that saves Orchid Garden from all of its downfalls.

Weak tea and decent food. Sometimes the carts take forever to make it back to you but some carts seem to stop by every 5 minutes. It's always the ones we want that never seem to come around.

The service is pretty good though, and the hosts and cart ladies are always attentive and err on the friendly side, despite the fact that I am Chinese and cannot speak it (which is apparently a sin). Prices are also attractive, especially for a light lunch or for those who don't prefer to stuff themselves senseless.

Any dishes with noodles (such as the big fat ones with shrimp inside) are okay - not the softest but still satisfies my craving. Harkow and shumai is decent as well. I always like getting beef tendon, egg tarts, and this crispy fluffy taro bun.

I've never had to wait but the majority of tables in the wide-open eating space is occupied. Of course, my favorite aspect of Orchids is the consistency. Every time I've been there, I know what to expect and it's great for when I crave dim sum that won't hurt my wallet. Good location and ample parking as well.
I think this is Vegas' go-to place for Dim-Sum. They serve dim-sum all the live long day and it's alright. But come to think of it, all of the dim-sum I've ever had in Vegas has just been ALRIGHT. If you know of a place that has 'exquisite' dim-sum in Vegas, let me know!....................

Orchid's Garden is a huge building that is almost ALWAYS packed on the weekends. The rolling of the silver carts and cute little Chinese ladies yelling all sorts of things is the norm and without it, the dim-sum experience would suck. They're consistent and have about every dim-sum dish you can think of.
Not too familiar with dim sum, but overall I tought it was worthy of 4 stars.  It's a good value proposition, felt authentic, but the quality of the food could be a little better.
Four of us are plenty withy left overs for $55.
"Shout out to the Asian girls. Let the lights dim sum."

If you got a fancy for Chinese food and are extremely hungry definitely check this spot out.

I don't really have high expectations for Chinese restaurants so this one is no exception. I've ate here twice and left both times with a belly full of food.

I was never a fan of duck, but became one because of this place. I also need to add my love for shumai. If you don't have high expectations of a restaurant just give this place a shot.
My Sunday church.

The only dimsum I kinda go to in Vegas. It gets busy on Sundays. That's when everything is made fresh. So many people coming in, therefore, they need to keep making food.

I've never gotten sick form their food. But I've heard of stories. People just need to man up with their immune system.

Service is aighhhttt. Expect to not understand what they're giving you. Ha. All you have to do is point and eat. Parking does get itchy with a B on weekends. Cause that's when everyone shows up.

If you're hungover, this is your must stop.
Rarely do I give a 4 star but I had a good experience here. Quick, efficient service. Quality food, decent price. Definitely would come back again!!
I am a dim sum fan and this is the best in town.  The carts come out quickly and often (almost too often) but the dumplings are the tastiest.  The duck is yummy too.
If you're in need of a dumpling fix, PLEASE do check this place out. It's a definite must for dim sum!! You never have to worry about waiting for food because the steaming carts come around consistently. Some higly recommended dishes would be pork shiu mai, shrimp har gow, spinach dumpling and bbq pork bun. The dim sum selection is pretty wide-ranging and includes just about everything you'd expect. Ofcourse,  specializing in the Cantonese classics. As for dessert, the sweet cream bun is an absolute fav. ! These homemade steamed buns are soft and tender with just the right amount of sweetness. Not only is this restaurant affordable but their food is top quality.
We went around 6ish. ....Some of the food was room temp.....Overall food was good BUT the workers there were so rude.....they are so snippy! ! We came in and ask for a booth since they weren't super busy yet they gave us the biggest attitude. ...and while dining I can feel them stare us down.....With that kinda service I usually don't come back but the food is pretty good so I'll come back for that
3.5 stars, rounding up to 4. Partially because, lets get real, there are limited dim sum options here in Las Vegas. I was introduced to dim sum when I lived in the Bay area, so my standards are a little higher than your average bear.

Came in for an early dinner at about 6PM.
Love how they have the cart ladies circulating around with goodies- so many places in SF simply have you order from the menu and only have carts on Sundays or lunch service. Here you can do carts and also order menu dishes if you want.

We got probably half the menu, including shrimp shu mai (tasty), shark dumplings (have to try), shrimp noodle roll (personal fave), fried shrimp ball (BF's fave), crab ball (star of the night, at $7/a pair), steamed pork bun (mediocre), chinese broccoli (must-have) and duck (which we didn't need at all but was tasty- especially with the sauce).

Made the mistake of ordering the soup dumplings, which they said would take 10 minutes- and we waited and waited and waited. And my eyes are bigger than my stomach, so I got steamed pork buns while I waited (way too sweet, did not even finish one).  The lady told us they were "coming right out" four times. Eventually it was a solid half hour to get our three soup dumplings- and they weren't very good, and only had about a sip of soup inside of them. Underwhelming, would not get again.

We spent just shy of $50, which is absurd for dim sum, but predictable for our over-ordering habits. It's probably also why we only have dim sum once every month or two. Dining room is nice, much larger than expected though you san see it's a large place from the outside. Service was friendly and attentive throughout, other than that ridiculous wait for the soup dumplings.
HOLY MOLY! I am still in shock that Las Vegas have such a delicious dim sum restaurant! Also they serve dim sum ALL DAY 10:30am-10:30pm!

I'm from SoCal and I've been to soooo many different places and different restaurant to eat dim sum: San Diego, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Mexico, China, Hong Kong, etc. But I have to say Orchids Garden is definitely one of the top dim sum restaurants that I have ever been to. There prices are reasonably and the proportions and good for the price we pay. The taste of the food is absolutely amazing and delicious. Full of flavor in every bite! I didn't get to try everything but I definitely got to try a lot of them that they served. I would say 80% of what we ordered, I enjoyed. 

My favorites:
- Steamed chicken feet 
- Pork shiu mai (must try!)
- Steamed beef balls
- Steamed beef ribs 
- Sweet tofu (the ginger doesn't overpower the sweetness flavor which I really like)

I would have given this place a 5 star but the service was horrible. The host gave me a number  and told us the wait was around 15 mins. After waiting for about 25-30 mins, we went to go check our number on the wait and the host completely forgot to write down our number before she gave it to us so she's been skipping us the entire time when we were right in front of her waiting for our table. Good thing we went up to her to check and she sat us immediately right after. After being seated, we waited another 15 mins and I got really upset so my friend and I had to get up and tell the lady cleaning the table next to us if she can bring us some carts because we've been waiting for so long. She was very understanding and went to go get a cart and we went crazy and got at least 8-10 dishes at once hahaha. Even though the service was bad, this place still deserves a good review. I honestly can't wait to come back to vegas and go eat here again!
Surprised to find a dim sum place this good in Vegas. I might be rating it too high because we currently live in a small town with no dim sum options, but we were very happy both times that we came here on consecutive visits.
I have to agree with my friends, Ms. Stefany and Phillip T.

"The options for Dim Sum are limted in Las Vegas".  This as good as you are going to find for Dim Sum in Las Vegas. 

Unlike Cathy House, and other Chinese establishments in Las Vegas, the Dim Sum is prepared throughout the day, so you will get fresh, and not reheated, Dim Sum when the carts come around.

I always do the Dim Sum. My wife used to order Chinese entrees, until she finally realized they were not that good, and switched back to Dim Sum. 

The place is large, and at lunch time, very loud. Dinner is a little less hectic.

Service is on the slow side. In the Asian tradition, don't be affraid to raise your voice to get service at your table, or they may ignore you. 

They don't expect much of a tip, and don't appreciate a generous tip. Many of the Chinese patrons dont' tip; it's a cultural thing. 

If you are on a date, and want to impress someone with your knowledge for "off the strip" or "local" places, or simply to introduce some one to Dim Sum, this is a decent bet.

If you are thinking of impressing someone with atmosphere, and deep conversation, go to Tao, a Rich Man's PF Chang's.
Fast and friendly service. The Dim Sum are very tasty. May favorite was the Fried Meatball, i was caught by surprised that the outside of it was made with mochi mmmmm! The Thai tea was also delicious.
Our party of 3  stopped for a late lunch on a Saturday.  Everything was fresh and well prepared.  The carts came around often and there was a large selection. The only negative was that some of the workers pushing the carts were almost impossible to understand when explaining what they had to offer.  We spent a lot of time saying "What?"
This place is a notch below OK. We've been so spoiled with many delicious Dim Sum places in California, so we're extra picky. 

My party of 4 was quickly seated on a Saturday afternoon. The carts had a good selection of everything we typically order. 

Chicken feet
Pork spareribs 
Shrimp har gow
Pork shumai 
Fried Taro cake
Fried Pork and shrimp wontons
Fried shrimp balls on crab claws
Rice noodles rolls with shrimp (banh uot tom)
Bbq pork bun
Chinese broccoli (cai lan)
Congee (chao)

Everything tasted average, and some dishes lacked the finesse and flavor that we're used to from the CA dim sum houses. 

The rice noodle rolls with shrimp weren't that great. It's upsetting since this is my absolute favorite dim sum dish. The noodle rolls were too dense. Also, sweet soy sauce was lacking flavor, it tasted watered down. 

The bbq pork buns had a tiny bit of bbq pork filling, it was mostly bread.

The fried taro cake was greasier than it should of been.
Coming from San Diego, dim sum sucks down here. But oh my god, little did I know that this tiny dim sum place I found in Vegas would be so good!!! Best dim sum experience I've ever had and I plan to come here to get dim sum every time I come to Vegas :)

Not only are there good dim sum here, it is so cheap as well!! AND they serve dim sum all day!!!! I recommend people to come here around 1ish after big wave of people have died down. The parking lot is also really big so no worries about trying to find parking! Also it is away from the strip so the wait is not long at all!

Like any dim sum place, getting a seat is easy but getting the attention of the dim sum cart ladies are so difficult :( After a while of waiting I got impatient so asked the manager to see where the carts were at. She immediately brought the carts over herself and served us right away. Great customer service!!! I really appreciated that and boy my group ordered half from that cart!

The quality of all of the dim sum were really good and definitely satisfied my cravings. ^_^ I will be seeing you soon when I'm in Vegas!!!

I recommend:
- Chicken Feet
- Steamed BBQ Pork Bun
- Shrimp Har Gow
- Mushroom Shiu Mai
- Pork Shiu Mai
- Sweet Tofu
- JUST TRY ANYTHING YOU SEE its so good!!!
Took a friend of mine to experience dim sum for the first time and we came here because of proximity to a car dealership. I informed my friend that dim sum is a combination of Cantonese fast food except them come to your table in carts and each server tries their best to sell you what is comparable to "Tapas or appetizers." I pick the traditional dishes and guess what my friend chose? He picks out "Chicken Feet," brave soul! Anyways the food is average, the portions are smaller than East Ocean and it's a little pricey. But I've got to give it props because when I looked around my friend was the only Caucasian in the room which means many Asians really like this place. Overall it's not a bad place.
This is the second time I've ever tried this restaurant. The first time was roughly around 16 years ago when I was small child. I didn't remember much except that we didn't get sick. (Insert drumroll here! )

So I tried it out again with my mother today and I have to say the food was not bad. It was a typical Chinese restaurant but definitely a couple steps higher than the Chinese buffet. I had the chicken chow mein which was rather salty but pretty good. My mother had the moo goo gai pan which was decent. 
The service definitely was bad to say the least. I understand that we're right at the edge of Chinatown, however there was an entire staff that had a giant language barrier with me and my mother. After being in business all these years in America, you would think that the English would be getting a little bit better and better. Not so much. We sat down to eat ordered our food and then they brought it out in a to go box. Maybe they were trying to gives a hint to leave? Maybe because I had my 18-month-old son with me and they were dreading having to clean up after him? Honestly whatever the reason was they didn't get that we were there to dying in considering they set us we placed our order. They then brought our food which was lukewarm out to us to our plates to service and never refilled our water. When we get ready to pay we waited in line go to the cashier and realize that they just recently got a B rating from the health District. I wasn't that much of a happy camper.

There are many other amazing Chinese restaurants as well as Chinese fusion restaurants and Thai restaurants in town but I feel more comfortable eating at. I tried this place because it's a little relieved .1 miles from my house. But I don't think I'll be going here again.
The parents love this place, for its various dim sum selections at very reasonable prices!!  The restaurant is extremely packed during lunch hours on weekends but the table turnover rate is super high; so, if you have just 4-6 people in a party, you prolly just have to wait around 15 minutes to be seated.  Anyhoo, the dim sum is totally worth the wait!  

The four of us had a lot of dim sum (see pictures) of which all were delicious, and the bill came out to be only $47, including tax and tips already!  My most favorite dim sum was the fried taro puff pastry, inside which the taro paste was savory and velvety like melted, and the puff pastry was light and crispy!  I LOOOOVVVED IT!!
Had dim sum today 2/2/14.  Very good service today even though it was super busy.  All of the different food was good.
I really enjoy this place; their dim sum is pretty good, waiters are alright, and their food from the menu is decent. They're really fast with their service but you feel really rushed at the end like they need you to leave, even if there's barely anyone there and it's nowhere close to closing
BEST DIM SUM IN TOWN!! You get in quick good is great staff is friendly. Nothing better!!
Food was delicious. Service was meh some servers were great and some would look at me like I was crazy when I asked a question.  The food makes up for it though
Its hard to find dim sum in vegas when we tried it last weekend I find it ok. I enjoyed the chicken feet and thai tea. A little pricey for some of the food in the menu. We waited for the dim sum cart to come around and it wasn't that quick as everyone say. We will try this place again when we crave for it!
I gauge my ratings based on if I'd come back to an establishment or not. 1 star = HELL NO. 2 stars = No, thanks. 3 stars = maybe?. 4 stars = YEP. 5 stars = HELL YEAH! I give this dim sum place a 4 star, and I'd gladly come back when I'm on my usual visit to Vegas.

One of the better dim sum places I've been to; the only better ones are in the bay area. Service is usually mediocre at all dim sum places, but this one was better than others.  The food quality was great; it has everything that a usual dim sum place has.  I was also happy that they had thai tea, which tasted great.  Overall, I was content with the price and quality I received.

Good job, Orchids Garden.  Keep it up.
Keep coming back!!!!!!!!!!!

Always satisfied!
I cant leave vegas without eating here!

Love this place
Worth it!
Fast service!

:))
The servers are really attentive to their guests. Always asked if everything was okay, came by to pick up finished plates, refilled my water 10 times cause I drink like a camel, even entertained my neice for a bit and also when she got fussy she gave her a chopstick. I love how they treat their guests. The food though is okay.  But I believe in the restaurant business half of what makes it great is their service,  and that's what makes them successful.
Food here is great i love it. I have been coming here for the past year. I am finally writing a review because I have had it with their nasty service. Horrible horrible horrible! I understand they don't speak English. I ask for water, they JUST TURN AROUND. You ask for anything, they give you the dirty look and not respond to anything. AT THE VERY LEAST SAY YES OR NO!!! I'm sorry but your service is disgusting.
The best dim sum in Vegas. 'Nuff said. 

Tip: Go right when they open at 10:00am. Go with a big group of your friends. The dim sum is absolutely fresh and delicious and at its absolute best right when they open! The fresh warm custard pastry that looks like little pies is the best way to end your morning. Yum! 

Oh! And they have these square turnip cakes that I like to eat with my own mixed vinegar, soy sauce and a little pepper sauce for heat. Yum! Addictive! Of course they have all the standards too!
The food here is cheap and simple. If you are looking for some good Dim Sum this is the place to go.
Pretty good place. First time trying dim sum. The carts came out very fast.  Service was good &  so was the food. I wish I could've ordered more because everything looked good but I got full pretty fast. But shout out to the pork siomai...the best, it was so good! I'd definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas =)
Dim sum...at night! i guess thats a big plus here but dont get it twisted folks the dim sum at night is very limited.. and i think sometimes they use old food from the morning so they dont waste anything.

i will say this place is reasonably priced and there is a couple things that i find very tasty here.. 

Chicken Feet (4/5)
Beef tendon (4/5) Both of these dishes are awesome and taste great. 

fried taro puffs my favorite thing (3/5 sometimes when you bite into this it leaves an iodine type smell that i find annoying sometimes)

Now SHUMAI AND HAR-GO ( also my favorites) i rate 2/5 they need some work in this area this is your go to items and they should shine

Tofu Fa( hot tofu sweet dessert or starter ) 4/5 this is pretty good here its perfectly sweet and the tofu is very smooth. the issue i have sometimes at places when they dont execute this dish is that the texture of the tofu is grainy so i tend not to finsih but here i do .

BEST THING ON THE MENU
( Baked Bbq pork Cha Su Bao) the sticky one 5/5 this is my favorite thing here its so tasty and they put this sticky glaze on it to finish the first bite of this dish is awesome and i always tend to order this to go or i stack my table with 3 orders and take the rest home. its a good leftover as well


This place is probably the most reliable as far as time because sometimes you crave dimsum at night and its not available but here you can get it
Very popular dim-sum place in Vegas. Esp. since its "Dim-Sum All Day". Been our dim-sum to-go spot until we had an unsanitary dinning experience here.. & honestly, would not be going back. Too disgusted! 

Me & my family were having dim sum for lunch when my sister lifted her silverware and napkin she found/ felt a live COCKROACH fall out onto the floor. Did not want to kill it until the manager saw that it was alive. Trapped it under plenty of napkins for the lady to see/kill it for herself. Had no appetite afterwards.. Had to wait for the food we had already ordered and refused to order anymore after we placed our first order. No manager came to speak or apologize to us. We were not acknowledged at all until we finally got our check and mentioned it to the lady at the register about it when we paid. Service was horrible & a clean & sanitary environment is important in the food industry!!!!
Great authentic Chinese food. If dim sum makes you uncertain they have a very comprehensive regular menu. Generals chicken, while basic, is full of flavor. 
Staff is excellent and very quick which is typical of legit Chinese establishments.
Craving dim sum? Unlike other Chinese restaurants who only serve dim sum in the AM, this place has got it all day. The carts keep coming, and there usually is no break in between them. Though some dishes are especially oily, it's mostly satisfying. They also have some of their entrees served in small portions on their dim sum carts. You don't even need to look at a menu. Always wash it down with hot tea!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(164/365) "Dim Sum All Day"

Long overdue update and upgrade!

Wifey and I joined Amelinda and Ruben for a Sunday Dim Sum Brunch. It was PACKED when we arrived, but luckily they were already seated. We dined family style grabbing our favorites like siu mai,  rice cakes, shrimp wontons, chicken feet and har gow. This was also our first time trying the Turnip Cakes and Chicken Roll.

Regardless of how busy they were, service was quick, efficient, and great. Every item we ordered was hot, and had its own distinct flavors. Still one of my favorite spots to get my dim sum fix.  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
Overpriced. Greasy. Not good.  What wasn't greasy was too salty. My first and last experience with dim sum. I would have rather set my hard earned $$ on fire.
They were shutdown due to too many health inspection demerits :(

http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Happys-Pizza-265623751.html?lc=Smart
Noisy, crowded, unorganized . Who cares! This is Vegas. Food is good. If you want tasty dimsum, this is the place.
Servers are friendly and organized. I would recommend the beef tripe/tendon, short ribs and for dessert the sweet tofu. Definitely a place to visit when in Vegas with the family.
The food has so much flavor, fresh and is one of my favorites. The service is good, and they serve the dim sum off carts and you pick out as much as you want.
I only eat one thing from dim sum carts, the steamed pork buns. These were ok, similar to the ones found in the frozen foods section at the supermarket. The food from the regular menu was nothing special either. For the price, I expected better.
I really don't know if the name of this restaurant is catchy or annoying???  I'll let you decide that.  If you have been to Gold Coast in the past couple years, you'll find that the casino has been trying to attract more and more Chinese tourists.  With Ping Pang Pong, they are able to offer the locals as well as the visitors a taste of the mother land.  That means this place serves authentic Chinese food.  We thought the amount of food for the price paid was not equal; however, even to us Asians the food was quite tasty.
Driving down Hwy 15 towards Vegas, there are just so many billboards advertising Ping Pang Pong's dim sum lunch. We were getting hungry and after about the 7th billboard, we decided that dim sum it is. We headed straight for the Gold Coast Hotel and luckily we still had about 50 mins before the dim sum ended at 3pm.

Ping Pang Pong might be a catchy name to entice Mid-Westerners into the establishment, but in Chinese, this place is actually called "Golden Ingot" -- a form of ancient Chinese currency. It is 'jin yuan bao" in Mandarin or "gum yuen bo" in Cantonese.

We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. After we were seated, the tea and water was promptly brought to the table. However, when it came time for the dim sum trolleys to come around, it took forever. We were starving. Surprisingly, when they did roll around, the quality of the dim sum was pretty good!! Much better than what we can get in Irvine. The chicken's feet was tasty, so were the har gow. In fact, the har gow were so good we got 2 orders. 

Service sucks shit and after I handed in our ticket to pay, the bill never got to us. After a while I got sick of waiting and walked up to the counter to pay. If service was good they would've gotten a full 5-stars because to find such great quality of dim sum in a hotel like this, is absolutely incredible.
With a name like Ping Pang Pong, you're not sure if you're headed to one of 'those' shows in Thailand or sitting down for some dim sum at a Chinese restaurant.  When in Vegas, it's the latter...at least in this case.

Seeing billboards all over town advertising their dim sum, I must admit, I was very hesitant.  I would even say I wanted not to like it.  But I did, believe or not.  Ping Pang Pong located in the Gold Coast Casino has some of the better dim sum I've tried in Vegas, and I've been to a few.

It's a smaller restaurant than the only ones I've tried (listed below) and you can watch the casino floor as you dine.

Saturday morning and we were seated rather quickly.  Quite a few Chinese people eating dim sum here as well, which is always a good sign.  They give you a menu with prices which is a bit unique for dim sum, but definitely helpful.  (Price ranges split into four categories for the most part - A plates are $2.18; B plates are $2.88; C plates are $3.88; and D plates are $5.88. ) Immediately after you're seated, the dim sum carts come your way.  If you can' t find what you're looking for, but it's on the menu, wave a server down and they'll order it for you.  

Ping Pang Pong has a surprisingly large selection of dim sum choices and it's pretty good.  Regular steamed dim sum range in the A and B categories.  They even had the elusive Shark Fin Dumpling ($5.88), but no Shanghai dumpling.  They also give you the bottle of red vinegar as opposed to the dinky little soy sauce dish amount.  The Shark Fin Dumpling had a nice mushroom broth too that was quite tasty and stood out.  They didn't have the Pineapple Custard bun that I love so much, but they had the plain Pineapple Bun ($2.18).  The BF especially loved their Macanese Egg Tarts ($3.88).  He hasn't had them since being in Macau and even had an order to go. 

They have a decent amount of 'cool sweets' in the B plates - Red Bean Pudding Cake, Chilled Mango and Pink Grapefruit Cocktail, Tapioca and Purple Rice Pudding, Lychee Pudding, etc.  'Warm' and 'hot sweets' range from A through C categories and include Baked Tapioca Green Tea Pudding, Steamed Egg White and Sweet Cream, Seared Water Chestnut Pudding Cake, Thousand Layer Cake, etc. 

Service was okay.  We did have to wave the servers down as only certain people can assist you with special orders while others only clear tables and push the carts.  

Prices weren't too expensive either and I would say it's moderately priced for a casino.  The only downfall would be if you came with a very large party.  It might take awhile to get seated if they are extremely busy.  

Nonetheless, looks like Ping Pang Pong might be where I'm headed when I want some dim sum in the desert.

Rankings for dim sum in Vegas thus far:
1) Ping Pang Pong
2) Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine
3) Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant
4) Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant
5) Cathay House Restaurant

Sidenote: When you ask for hot sauce, be sure to specify hot chili oil.  It'll be the good stuff instead of the red sauce with chili flakes.  Well, it's the good stuff I prefer with my dim sum.  And of course, hot yellow mustard too.

Updated! 06/10/07 - We returned again yesterday for dim sum and imagine my surprise when I saw pickled pig's feet being served!  This delicacy is usually only served after a woman gives birth.  A bunch of the older women relatives would come over and take over your kitchen while stewing up this stuff for you.  Once in awhile, I would wake up to this wonderful aroma when my mom felt the desire to make it.  I used to joke that I would have kids just to have people make this for me!  Now I can enjoy this vinegary fatty goodness anytime at Ping Pang Pong!  Yay!  For our party of five, it was about $100 with tip and tax.

Updated! 03/02/08 - Went to dim sum on Sunday...arrived around 2:35 pm and was reminded they closed at 3 pm.  We were fine with that and were quick to load our table with all the dim sum dishes we wanted.  The staff horded around our table asking if we wanted to make any final orders since the kitchen was closing up, and we said we were good.  With that, the check was presented to our table.  We continued eating and it wasn't long before the server reached across for the bill.  (I told her it wasn't taken care of yet.)  She pulled back in surprise and walked away.  She then returned to tell me they were closing out the register, so could we pay?  

I have been to other dim sum restaurants where you are 'allowed' to eat, despite the kitchen part closing.  It was pretty discouraging that they were so overanxious to get our money and to get rid of us.  The dim sum lady obviously hated her job 'cuz she was banging the little dishes around.   

Note to self: Don't bother going to PPP after 2:00 for dim sum, service is crap.  Food is okay though...but going downhill.  Seek other dim sum restaurants SOON!  I brought their star rating down from a four to a three!
I recently tried Ping Pang Pong and I must say it's my least favorite dim sum place in Vegas.  It barely qualifies as dim sum since the dining area is tiny, the only view is of slot machines, there are so few clients since it's so small that the food selection is nearly nil!!  Some of the food is brought on trays since there's barely room for the carts.

I took my wife and in-laws who were born and raised in mainland China and they agree it's nothing special compared to Orchid Gardens although they did like the chicken feet and congee they ate.  I couldn't come up with enough dishes to even eat so we bailed out after a couple of dishes and ate at the buffet instead!!  My wife commented that even the hot sauce was the cheap kind.  None of my favorite "ribs" and no Chinese broccoli in sight.  Prices were nothing special and it had zero atmosphere.  All this in spite of the fact that we know one of the servers.  I hate to say it but the service was also marginal.

As an example of my dim sum credentials we checked out two dim sum spots in San Francisco the week before.  How about dim sum for four people including duck for all of $12.50?  This was at the Oriental Tea House in San Leandro.  Great place and not just because the food was cheap.

Go to Orchid Gardens for dim sum.  Real atmosphere, great food selection and even friendly service!
With many of the good reviews I found prior to visiting Ping Pang Pong, I was severely disappointed.  Upon arrival, the long wait, approx 25 min, led me think that this was some place good.  All the good places have lines right?  There were also many other Chinese and other Asian people there which would also be another indicator.

When I sat down and started getting food, I was a bit disappointed.  Some of the food that should have been hot or at least warm was rather cool.  Not the best sign.  Some of the food was good, but having spent over decade in San Francisco and about four years about 10 miles east of Los Angeles, PPP could not compare to any except the lower quality restaurants that I've tried.

If you want a view, this is the wrong place to go because the casino is right outside the restaurant and that is all you see.
Despite the ridiculously belittling name (ching chang chong!), this place serves some great, authentic dim sum.  I've been to other places in town (Chang's, Orchid Garden, Cathay House) and this place beats them all! I would even compare it to some of the great dim sum places they have in Chinatown in San Francisco or Los Angeles. The classical dim sum dishes (pork buns, egg tarts, shui mei) all deliver, plus they have some other unique concoctions as well.

The ambiance is great too.  I love sitting in a crowded little dim sum place, with the chatter of happy families eating together, surrounded by beautiful paintings and really great lighting!  They also have an open kitchen too which is pretty neat!

If you're looking for some good dim sum in Las Vegas, then this is the place to go :)
We had lunch here yesterday.  The service and food was great.  Very authentic Cantonese food.  I didn't expect a good dim sum restaurant inside a Las Vegas casino.  It is a gem despite its undignified name.  Apparently it is not a hidden gem either because there was a long line outside the restaurant before noon.  Don't empty your wallet while waiting in a field of slot machines, save some to pay for the lunch.  Its Chinese name is Jin Yuan Bao (lit. gold ingots) which is a much better name especially to those high rollers in Vegas.

It is actually much better than the dim sum restaurant in Las Vegas Chinatown on Spring Mountain Road.
On our first visit we arrived a lunch for the dim sum.  We were fortunate to have a waitress that was fluent in English because many of the women pushing the food carts were not.  We ordered the mandatory pot of jasmine tea and enjoyed all of the following:  har gow (shrimp dumpling), sesame rice paper shrimp roll, baked BBQ pork bao, lotus leaf sticky rice, silky tofu with minced shrimp and rice noodle rolls with BBQ pork.  

We recently returned for a light dinner after seeing Love sharing orders of ba bao noodles (Mandarin noodles topped with a spicy shrimp sauce and peanuts) and Singapore rice noodles (light curry-flavored rice vermicelli with shrimp, BBQ pork and onions).  Both dishes were very good.
I was so adverse to coming to this place cuz of the stupid name for the restaurant until actual locals told me this place was one of the better casino restaurants for Chinese. Pretty damn good stuff.  I usually use my poker player points to pay for dinner here (side note..you want poker games with loads of reckless action..this is it!).  

Never made it for dim sum here..only dinner but it sure is good.  We probably come here once every 2 months or so which is actually a lot considering all the choices Vegas offers.
My SO and I hit dim sum at least 2 times/month  - funny thing is we hit triple - P for late nite dining but rarely for dim sum - after an 8+ month hiatus, we returned on monday for a taste .....very good  !! the shu mei and har gow ( did i spell that correctly ?!?! ) ...tasty...we both appreciated  that with limited exception, the food was served hot...although we still give higher marks to ORchid's for taste and selection...Triple P might give them a run for the casino chips ...they served these mini hot-pots that were very tasty...none of the other dim-sum places serve this !!  $25 later we were full  ( comparable to the other spots )
Went on a weekday so that's most likely why i'm giving it 3 stars. On weekends when you get the crowds you're gonna wanna bring your A game week days are meh and the food was slightly above meh

Haven't tried anything here that made me think ZOMGBBQPWNAGE. Of all the things we ordered the only thing i can call an Epic Fail were the deep fried shrimp balls with crab claw it was very bland and tasteless even for a deep fried dish.

The steamed buns are fresh and very soft and hot but the filling was bland and tasteless if it wasn't for the color i wouldn't have known it was suppose to be Chinese bbq pork.

I will definitely come back on a weekend to see what their A team can offer but for now it's a step above the other place i said was epic garbage
The BBQ pork buns were decent. The Thousand Year Old Egg and shredded pork porridge wasn't bad. Everything else we tried was a miss.

Food-wise, this place is no better or no worse than say, Chang, Orchid Garden, Cathay House...etc. (Actually, Cathay House can be much better on the right day with the right server but that is another review for another day.)

Limited Dim-sum selection and the actual square-footage is quite small.

Not too shabby for a Casino Dim-sum restaurant.
Dim sum here is pretty good for a Vegas joint. However, I did not like the service! When my friend and I first got here (around 1130), we had to wait about 10-15 min before we could get some tea or even water to drink! It wasn't even that busy yet, and we were seated right away! Usually, at many dim sum places, it is automatic to get tea or water right away! Also, the carts did not come to our side very often, so we had to make sure to get plenty of things before we started really eating! (Especially the dessert cart! Geez! That one took forever to come by!).

The place is also pretty small. We can barely get into or out of our seats, since they were so close together (so I just stayed in mine the whole time without moving it heheh!). 

The only thing that I tried here that was not as common as other dim sum places was their soft tofu dessert with sugar/ginger syrup. It tasted like a Filipino dessert called Ta-ho (except Ta-ho is sweeter and not ginger-tasting). That was pretty good. They also had a seaweed salad, (which looked very good but didn't come until we were waiting for our check), and we couldn't try it! Other than those two, just your typical dim sum place with a limited quantity of items!

I probably would not go back here, especially if I ever have to wait! Geez...wait for a table...and then WAIT for a drink...and then WAIT for the dim sum...and even WAIT for our check/to go boxes! 

Unless you're with a big party, this place would probably be decent to have dim sum. Be ready to FLAG those cart people! Expect a wait on the weekends starting around 12 (We went on a Sunday). 

Btw, the price for most of the dim sum is about $3 a piece, so it could add up if you want to try lots of things...(They also charge for tea!)
Great dim sums here. The 'thousand year old egg porridge' is quite good. Jin Sha Bao is good too, and they always run out of it fast.
Here's the story-- I was in Vegas at a trade show, a colleague had this place recommended to him as 'great Chinese' so we agreed to try it for dinner. I had the opportunity to check out the Yelp reviews beforehand, so I could see that the general consensus was: don't come weekdays, come weekends for dim sum. We came on a Monday night. I'm a somewhat adventurous eater, so I figured, what the heck.

Bad idea. I have to say--- probably the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. And I'm a very forgiving person. So I DEFINITELY do not recommend coming for dinner on a weeknight. You can decide for yourself if you want to take the chance that it's so much better on weekends as others have noted.

The story: 3 of us got there about 8, the place was maybe 3/4 full during our visit. We ordered 3 dim sum plates for appetizers. These eventually came out, one at a time, about 15 minutes apart. The dim sum was really tasty, but the slow delivery was a bad omen.

Waitress eventually came back to take our entree orders. Colleague #1 got his entree approx. 30 minutes later. Colleague #2 got his entree approx. 30 minutes after colleague #1. Colleague #3 (me) got his entree approx. 30 minutes after colleague #2.  And I had ordered tofu!! During this hour and a half wait, we asked the waitress several times about our order, and she wandered off and came back with various excuses each time. It was clear the kitchen had forgetten entirely about my order. But even from the time they realized they had forgetten me, it STILL took at least 30 minutes to get the food out to our table.

Horrible. And just to make the night memorable for all, my colleague #2, who had ordered a scallop dish, came down with food poisoning that night which stuck with him for the next several days.

Oh, and if you haven't been to the Gold Coast before-- it's a dump.
You kind of get what you pay for here....don't expect a high end Chinese restaurant at these prices.  For the $, PF Chang's is much better food....but I recommend Pearl at the MGM which is really an experience with Chinese food.  The service here is abismal and it has a fast food feel to the restaurant....and of course, it is not very convenient to people staying on the Strip or Downtown.
Where: The Gold Coast Casino.
What: Amazing Chinese food!!!

Yes, four stars given!!!
 
I've eaten at some really great Chinese restaurants in my time. All over the San Gabriel Valley, OC, Los Angeles, San Francisco, etc, etc.

 This place amazed me! There is TRULY great Chinese food in Vegas, and Dim Sum as well! 
 
Located in the Gold Coast, this place was filled with Asians devouring Dim Sum for breakfast. 
 
Siu Mai.
Har Gow.
Bean Curd rolls.
Fried Taro thing.
Beef Meat Ball. 
Other misc. Dim Sum.
 Lop Chong Fried Rice.
 Low Mein.

 All frickin amazing. I'd put this place up against some of the places in the So. Cal/No. Cal area. 

 Definitely worth a try!!!
Although the place is small, the dim sum is pretty good to me. They have a good selection for dessert. Not much of the regular dishes, but the taste was pretty good.
The best dim sum ever in LV that we ever tasted.  If you stay at the strip like we did, you have to drive a bit.  It's close to the china town.  
ANyway, a friend of mine said that this place is good.  So, we gave it a try.  We noticed their giant billboards all over the place. 
Anyway, we got there. Although, it wasn't full house, they were quite busy.  We waited for a few minutes after we got our tables to be approached by the ladies with the dim sum carts.  We ordered quite a lot. As 2 giant piggies, we finished everything.  :)
The conclusion is good food, price is not bad. The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is the service.  There was totally none.  We'll probably come back here just to grab quick dim sum.
I went for a Dim Sum lunch on a Thursday.  I got there around noon.  I wish I'd arrived earlier, say at 10 AM when they open, because I had to wait, and it was a little bit busy for my tastes.  Service was okay, although I had to flag down a waitress or wave over a cart lady a couple of times.  The porridge with shredded pork and thousand-year-egg was superb--light, fresh and like no porridge I'd eaten to date.  I also had shrimp in rice noodle roll (slightly spicy, and there was plenty of pepper sauce on the table to turn up the heat as desired) and custard buns--silky, rich yellow egg custard just barely sweeter than the dough (I have this thing against eating once I'm full), and wished I could have tried everything.  If those aren't the most imaginative choices, take heart; I'm slowly working my way through all the dim sum offerings in Las Vegas.  I simply order whatever I see first.  So far I've tried Harbor Palace and now Ping Pang Pong--I think that Ping Pang Pong is the better of the two.
We stumbled upon this restaurant by accident, and I am happy that we did.  The restaurant has an open, modern feel.  My friend and I took a seat at the counter, where we could get a good look at the chefs preparing the food.  I ordered the Honey Walnut prawns, and it may have been the finest Chinese food I've had in my life.  Practically orgasmic.  I was disappointed that I found this restaurant on my final night in town, or I would have gone back for more the next day.   It will certainly have a spot on my Vegas itineraries in the future.
dim sum yay!   Haven't had anything from the regular menu here but the dim sum lunch was just like back home in the bay area!  $30 for 2 people, and we were stuffed, the carts just kept on coming! **it gets a little crowded and it's in the middle of the casino, but if it's cheap and the food is good...I'm all for it and besides...it's Vegas baby!!
I would like to say, I am not very picky about service. I am Asian and I eat at restaurants mostly for the food. So service and ambiance are just plusses for me, not a breaking point. BUT I HATE PING PANG PONG! I shrugged off the name and got ready with my friends to eat some recommended dim sum. It was in the middle of a casino, so it was extremely noisy and it smelled like cigarette smoke, but again, I was willing to overlook it for some good dim sum. First, there is no clear set way for me to get a table. At a typical dim sum place, you go up to a hostess, and you get a number, so I get ready to go up to the hostess, but there is a line blocked off in front of her. So I go and wait in line, the line does not move an inch for 20 minutes. So I think I must get a number and then stand in line. I approach the hostess again, and ask her politely in Cantonese, could I get a number for a table of 6. She proceeds to b*tch at me and say that I need to stand in line, so I start to walk away, and then she goes wait do you have a number, and I said no so she haughtily hands me the number. Completely un-phased, I ask how long would the wait be, she looks at me incredulously, like I am some sort of infant, and rudely tells me this place is very busy and there is no possible way for her to even approximate a wait and could I stand aside I was blocking her table. I hear people all around me asking the same question and everyone getting the same crappy answer to the point all, but two tables stayed to wait. Being a b*tch is inexcusable. I have eaten dim sum in Hong Kong where people get up and line up in front of the carts for dim sum and its the way it is over there. This place seemed to be conflicted whether or not it wanted to be a free-for-all or a place that carefully lines up and due to this confusion, NO ONE was getting served.
There might be better Chinese food in Las Vegas but I bet it aint as cheap as Ping Pang Pong. We really enjoy this place and it wont break the bank
MUST GO ....if you are looking for a gooood authentic Dim Sum. Best Siu Mai and Har Kow in Vegas. A bit more pricey than other Dim Sum places but its so well worth it. My daughter loves this place! We used to go to Harbor Palace years ago, but the quality have since dropped. The Dim Sum are just not the same quality you get there compared to Ping Pang Pong. I heard another good (real authentic cantonese cuisine) place is some Orchid Restaurant (not Thai) up in Sahara and Jones somewhere. Its in the corner, a very very old restaurant. Havent tried it, will go someday when craving for chinese adn blog it.
I only bee here twice, both times at 2am... They didnt really have any dim sum left. The FIRST TIME WAS DEFINATLY BETTER THEN THE SECOND TIME. Not the worst Chinese food pretty tasty and most of the customers were Chinese so its probably not that bad!
ok first of all... lets just start out by saying I am from LA... and lucky for me we have Chinatown and the entire San Gabriel Valley a.k.a. China! Now maybe Vegas just doesn't have too many authentic chinese restaurants but damn this was the worst dim sum I have ever had in my life! My friend took me there 2 weeks ago and well the name kinda threw me off to begin with but once I tried the shu mai... damn it was over! I didnt want to try anything else. The simplest dim sum and yet they couldnt even get it right. The beefballs were too overcooked too!  Even the tiny little pork buns were to run from. How does this place stay in business? But then again maybe they are catering to a different crowd. What really struck me as weird was the fact the place was full of asians! I mean, is this suppose to be as good as it gets in Vegas for dim sum? If so, I'd rather stop by a trader joes and pick up a pack of frozen shu mais. You will have much better luck going to the frozen food aisle at a supermarket for good dim sum. Oh one more thing.. horrible service. The employees are literally fresh off the boat! I guess thats the only thing authentic about this place, their workers! hahahaha Trust me when I say I will never come back here or recommend this to another soul.. unless i hated them and wanted to waste their money! =D
We previously had a wonderful dim sum brunch, but our dinner this evening proved to be disappointing.  Service this evening was beyond slow so I called over the manager and explained we had a show to catch and could she call over a waitress.  She literally called across the room and a waitress soon appeared.   We gave our orders, Singapore noodles and wrinkled green beans, while advising of her of our evening's plans.  Our green beans arrived, but some 10 minutes later we were still waiting for the noodles.  I again called over the manager who called over the waitress who checked with the chef and said it would be a few more minutes.  Both dishes were decent, but it would have been nice to enjoy them together
My last few visits to Ping Pang Pong have been less than stellar.  Sure, I really thought they were the best dim sum experience in Vegas (compared to the other few we have), but they have been going downhill since that very first visit (and review).  

First off, there aren't that many dishes offered anymore!  They used to have a larger variety and now they are lacking!  They don't even offer the Big F's favorite - the Macanese egg tart, which really puts a damper on things.  (They apparently are trying out this new egg souffle dish instead.)  I haven't seen the pickled pig's feet ever again as well.  Blah!

Service was pretty horrible too.  I thought it was because I get dumped at the corner table all the time, but I just think it sucks.  The last time we ate there (last month), we didn't even have all our dishes and serving utensils before the dim sum arrived.  It took awhile to wave down a waiter and get some tea.  We ordered a plate of Singapore noodles and that took forever to come out as well.  

And it's so random when it's busy.  On one Saturday I went, there was no wait.  And then other times it's a good half an hour wait for a party of four.  You just never know.

However, I have since requested that we go back and try the other dim sum places in Vegas again since PPP leaves me less than happy and not satisfied.  (The Big F claims that when he went without me, they had tons of stuff coming out!  Maybe I'm bad luck or something!)
4 dim sum stars for LV standards (I mean, this is NOT Hong Kong or LA's SGV.)

Here's some of the dishes I remember: 
1. Marinated chicken feet
2. Fried taro balls
3. Sticky rice in banana leaves 
4. Sweet tofu flower soup (huge!) 
5. Sticky rice cake with matcha filling 
6. Almond covered shrimp 
7. Sesame covered shrimp
8. Beef chung fun 

Haha...the Ping Pang Pong name is soooo wrong. When actually looking at the Chinese characters, it literally means golden yen treasure.
Howard T is right.  Why is this place called Ping Pang Pong?  I thought it was Ping Pong Pang.  Why oh why doesn't a person realize how this sounds?  It's like naming your noodle house Pho King.  WTF?

Anyways, Howard T, myself and a few other guys went here because my friend (the same friend who insisted on going on the 95 to get to Oyshi Sushi) had a $90 food credit.  There is no way that 5 guys can go through $90 worth of dim sum, right?  WRONG.  DEAD WRONG.  There were 5 of us guys and 4 of us weighed more than 180 lbs each.  We can eat.  We can eat A LOT.  Especially for dim sum.  It only helps that their dim sum is tasty.  Sure the portions are a little smaller and the prices are a bit more expensive than those you'd find at Chinatown, but they're still good.
Blah. ummmm, yeah NO! Not only do they charge PER beverage (which really ignites my jewish irritation meter), but it's located in the Gold Coast, gh-e-tto!  And the name of the place -ping- just -pang- stresses -pong- me out.

Walk in, smell smoke, see a geriatrics ward of mindless gamblers pawing over their social security check. I felt like strapping a cardboard box to my chest, peruse through asking, "diapers, cigarettes, change for a nickle."

The food was ok, interesting experience needless to say, but they claim to BE THE BEST IN LAS VEGAS! -big bold lettering.  Maybe, it's the only one?!?  Whatev!

Service was crappola, our waitress was oober rude, surfin' the crimson wave apparently!

I won't go back.
Maybe it was all of the bad restaurant that I have tried prior to coming here but I thought this place was FANTASTIC. Granted the service was not that great and they were a little slow. It's also in one of the oldest casinos with probably the oldest clienteles. But this place is an actual gem. I got to give it to them.............they know how to make dim sum. The dofu fah, har gow, sui mei, Chinese sausage and egg white fried rice, beef cheurng fun were all very good. 

If you are here for the Koi Palace atmosphere, with the Koi palace experience then this probably not for you. This is more of a down home Chinese soul food restaurant........ the way it was meant to be. Good, reasonably price being that it is in a casino, and rude servers pressuring you to buy from their carts.
(2) Shumai
Shrimp Har Gow
Shrimp Ball covered in Rice
Veggie Eggrolls
Pork Sparerib
Pork Rice Porridge
Coconut Buns
(2) Soft Drinks

This ended up being a little over $30 which is awesome! That means everything was under $3... Which is getting hard to find in LA or OC lately! 

Okay, so this is my second visit to Ping Pang Pong... I went this past November because so many of my Chinese friends had recommended it.. Well, it was pretty good but not that great. I found out today that its because it was packed back then. When you go on a slower day - its freaking awesome!

We got there at 10:30am (they open at 10).. We were the fourth table seated and dim sum came out right away. Everyone is super nice and attentive... Granted, the cart ladies dont speak English ; but thats completely normal for a dim sum place, so I was okay with pointing!

Everything was delicious! Well, I was disappointed with the pork spareribs... But it was my own fault. Apparently they have 2 versions... One has a slightly Charsiu type of taste, like a slightly sweet bbq... I didnt like it too much, but then I saw another lady pass by with the regular garlicky bean sauce spareribs. :(   Oh well. Cant dock them stars on that, its my fault!!

Our empty plates were taken right away... Our drinks were refilled promptly... We had a few people come and ask us how everything was... Overall I had a wonderful experience!

Oh one other thing... We wanted Shrimp Noodle... We asked the lady and she said it would be available later. We were sad and paid for the bill... While I was finishing my Coconut Bun (They make the BEST Coconut Buns!!!!) another lady brought her Shrimp Noodle cart to us because the other lady had requested it for us. At this point we were stuffed to our brim AND our bill was already paid for.... So I was def sad... But oh well. . .. 

I actually grew up a bit in Vegas and always had dim sum in Chinatown... Cathay House as well as the original Chinatown Plaza have both been declining in quality and taste - so PPP is my new go-to Dim Sum place in Vegas for sure! 

Its also good to see that majority of the employees there were the same ones from Nov. Any company who retains majority of their employees is a sign of a great place! :)
We stopped here while on a booze run at the gold coast! The 4 of us ordered and shared our dishes. I ordered the Chilean sea bass which was not what I expected, It looked more like some sort of pancake but was not so bad it was breaded which I am not a fan of and a little to greasy. One of the group ordered a tofu dish that was great! I think that was almost the favorite of at least 3 of us! We also had some shrimp and if I remember right pork chops? We also had some hot and sour soup. Overall the food was pretty good but we were all pretty hungry also! I would go again and now after reading some of the other reviews I would probably try the Dim Sum...
We were looking for a Chinese Restaurant that serves Dim Sum late.  We stumbled across this restaurant in the Gold Coast Casino around 1:30 am.  At first we didn't know if they were closing.  No one acknowledged us for a good five (felt like 10) minutes, and nobody else was waiting.  There was no staff in sight to welcome us or take our name.  Right before walking away, someone finally confronts us.  Because we were hungry and lazy, we ended up waiting another 5 minutes since the place was packed.  

Once we sat down, service was tolerable.  Our drink refills came frequently, and the food was prepared quickly.  We got our Dim Sum fix with Shu Mai and Hargow...pretty average.  Everything else (Fu Chow Fried Rice, Black Pepper Beef, Kung Pau Chicken, and Walnut Prawns) exceeded the standard except for the Hot & Sour Soup.
  
Bad start...but good finish..
Went on a Monday morning right at opening time with a party of 8, none of us Chinese nor fluent in figuring out what things are on the carts. I've had dim sum in San Francisco and Toronto; this visit, this day, PPP was almost on par. Almost everything was delicious. We had several different dumplings, some buns and several selections from the menu as well. One standout (again, I apologize for not knowing names) was a shrimp dumpling that had a creamy, slightly sweet filling that almost "burst" in the mouth, and was served with candied walnuts. Oh. My. That was so good. Other dishes featuring pork, beef and chicken were fantastic.

Total bill including tax and tip for 8 people and a ton of dim sum and 5-6 menu dishes: $200. An absolute steal. If I could go 4.5 stars, I'd do so. Ping Pang Pong is a winner.
Pros: 
Best Dim Sum in Vegas! Hands-down.
Their traditional Chinese entrees are very authentic too.

Cons:
Waiting time.
Price
I love the fact that I didn't have to wait in line like most other Dim Sum Restaurants.  We were seated as soon as we walked in.  Service was not great but prompt and friendly.  

They don't have a lot of varieties but enough to satisfy your cravings in Vegas.  I was actually pleasantly surprised.   We ordered Deep Fried Shrimp Balls, Wrapped Sticky Rice, Deep Fried Salty Sticky Rice Dumpling, Shrimp Dumpling, Sesame Balls, Meat/Thousand Year Old Egg Congee.  Mango Pudding.  With the exception of the Mango Pudding, everything was good enough to compare to those found in So Cal.  

I would definitely return if I am ever in a mood for Dim Sum while in the Sin City!
Inconveniently located about as far away from the parking at Goldcoast as you can get - this restaurant is great if you want to go to a dodgy casino and overpay for just-alright Chinese food. The bill came to $90 for 4 people and no one was all that impressed.  Don't believe their signs that this is the best Chinese food in Las Vegas.  It isn't.

Make sure to check out the menu on Goldcoast's website that they haven't updated since 2006 so your guests can be disappointed that they no longer have Oxtail soup.
Went here for dinner with a friend after we arrived to Vegas at around dinnertime. After finding the name funny we decided to check it out. It was really busy with a lot of older Asian people which we thought was a good sign since they are normally picky about Chinese food. We were daring and ordered three dishes: Stir fried lamb with vegetables, combination spicy chow mein and a scallop in oyster sauce hot pot. The prices were reasonable at around $8 to $10 a dish. We also got hot tea, rice and each got a bowl of soup for free with our meal. The food was delicious. We were worried about the scallop hot pot because normally scallops are overcooked and taste chewy. But here, the scallops melted because they were perfectly cooked. Also, the sauce included cloves of roasted garlic that were just as good as the scallops. We ended up finishing all of our food without feeling greasy or gross like at many other Chinese places. A bonus is being able to see into the kitchen and watching the chefs cook the food.

Tried the dim sum here. Surprised at the price at only $2.88 and $3.88 per dish. Friendly service and rather quick seating even when they were really busy.
While in vegas, our family friend who lives there recommended Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino since we were craving dimsum.  It was solid and pretty consistent for Dimsum. Fresh, the restaurant staff spoke Cantonese (which is the kind of Chinese that dimsum comes from). I give it a 4 because the dimsum is what I would expect out of a decent dimsum, but not AMAZING. For being in a hotel/casino, it's pretty good as well. Dimsum is usually either good or really bad. LOL It's tough to make it bad, but it happens quite a bit.  Whatever chinatown you go to, usually the crowded dimsum places are the best and having to wait in a line in vegas for dimsum meant Ping Pang Pong was decent and it was.  I would say it's a little bit above average.  

Also...I'd have to say...dimsum and blackjack is quite a kool combination ya? lol. Not to mention the sports betting section being right around the corner =P The hilarious chinese restaurant name is funny too =D
First time having dim sum in Vegas and it made me feel like the east coast a little.  Food was fast and fresh, service was great and the flavor was amazing.  Ten plates of food came out to a little over $30 and filled up two people.  Great Dim Sum!!!
We went to this restaurant early around 10 in the morning, we ordered har kaouw , shiu Mai, they are yummy, chicken feet was well cook and tender, bi tan congee delicious and fresh, put some soy sauce a little bit to make it perfect. The service is good, the waitress replaced my plates 2 times maybe because it was early and not many people. The price is reasonable considering this is in Vegas, 9 items for 25.90 even cheaper than the one in Denver. Two thumbs up, definitely it will be first place to visit next time to Vegas.
I was worried about having to make a long time after reading other reviews, but luckily for us, we only had to wait about 20 minutes before getting seated.  It does help to only have a party of 2!  

They had every one of my favorite dim sum dishes (turnip cake, tripe, bbq pork rice noodles, lobster claws) and even some new dishes too.

The quality of the dim sum was pretty good, not the best but better than a lot of places in Orange county.  

The prices were decent too, i think it ranged from $2-6 a dish.  We stuffed ourselves for $30.
i went here w/ my family and the food was delicious. surprisingly coz most chinese places are dirty but this one was actually good. they have this really cool kitchen where you see the chefs cooking your food. it's great for a casino restaurant...you gotta try it. it tastes fresh and autentic.
This is the first time I've found good food off the strip. Really good chinese food for the price. After playing bingo, yes we played bingo :P ... we were hungry and I read good reviews on yelp.. Where else in Vegas can you find good food at these prices?? I went to Noodles @ the Bellagio the next night and spent twice as much and the food was just okay. 
My friend had the Walnut Prawns and I ordered the Classic Cantonese Brisket Stew. My mom makes a great brisket chinese style of course with tendon. This version was pretty good, quite flavorful, had a perfect balance of meat, tendon was so soft and big pieces of turnip as well. My friend thought it was missing something... My mom usually puts dried orange peel, but I thought it was fine without it. His prawns were okay, perhaps a bit too small so the shrimps weren't as meaty. The honey glazed walnuts weren't as good. We usually get this dish at our local chinese restaurant and it's so good! I opted for a pot of tea while my friend got a coke. The tea was quite bland with just one cheap tea bag floating inside. Thank goodness I was staying at the Mandarin Oriental and snagged a couple of quality tea bags. Made a more enjoyable pot of tea. 
Dinner for two was just $35 with tip, a bargain even off the strip! We really would've gone back a 2nd time had it not been so far away...
me LOVE dim sum!

This place is located in the Gold Coast casino in Vegas.  Everything tastes good, fresh, and yummy here!  The only problem is the long wait.  But lucky for this restaurant that it is situated inside of a casino so that everyone waiting can play slots or video poker.  Well thats what I do.  This place is worth the wait.  It is small so you actually get timely service.  Their congee is good and sometimes comes with fried won ton bits, har gow and xiu mai always good, and their fried meat balls are the best I've ever tasted.  

Their egg tarts is ok, but has a great flaky crust.  I haven't tried the other deserts yet.  Everything comes warm, or hot like its supposed to.  They have carts that have self warmers.  Not like other dim sum places where they put the plates on cold carts.

I can't wait to go back.  See you there!
One might think, with a wacky name and being located in a casino, that Ping Pang Pong isn't going to be any good.  However, it's definitely one of the better places in town (and my favorite) for dim sum.  The restaurant is little bit small, so expect a bit of a wait on crowded days.  If you don't see a dish that you want being carted around, you can ask and they will generally make it for you.  Prices are a little bit more expensive than the other places in town, but not that much (maybe 50 cents to a dollar more per dish).

Also, I saw Johnny Chan eating here once.  If Ping Pang Pong is good enough for Johnny Chan, it's good enough for me, and probably you, too!
There is usually a long wait, so my boyfriend and I decided to go early.

There wasn't that much of a selection and it took about an hour after opening for food to really come out.  Once it did service was still slow.

Their lo mei gei was made with long grain rice, which I did not like.  Their food was fresh and good quality, but was lacking in taste.

Orchid Garden over Ping Pang Pong.
Good food. Good experience. Good prices.  This place is pretty "authentic", in the sense that you will not immediately recognize 'Americanized" menu items. I do remember a Kung Pao dish but that is about it. The menu descriptions are weak and dont give the menu items the credit they deserve.  I bet everything on the menu is superb. You can watch the Asian cooks make your food.  Asian waiters are pretty FOB. Ask them for a recommendation if you arent sure. Thats how i discovered the Gobo Beef, love it.
I never ever thought that a Chinese restaurant is located inside the casino. I came here yesterday with a friend of mine to have dinner, We ordered walnut shrimps, beef medallion and Cantonese sausage fried rice,we had to wait quite long for the service, the food tastes good, I love the texture of fried rice, and definitely recommended.   the price is a little bit expensive compared to other in town, I heard that dim sum here is the best in Las Vegas, next time I will try then
Food is okay, but like a lot of typical dim sum places the service is garbage. I've been to enough dim sum places in San Francisco, Seattle, and Vegas to know that they don't have enough carts going around to service everyone in a timely manner. We got there well before 3. The cart arrived once without some of the "basic" selections like Shu Mai and Har Gow. We specifically asked for the items, to which they said they'd be back with them. We then waited 20 minutes, and when we asked for it again they gave us the excuse that they weren't doing dim sum anymore. It took a chat with the manager for us to finally get some Shu Mai that looked like it was under a heat lamp for an hour. I posted a picture of it so you can see for yourself. 

At dim sum places you usually have to be patient and go with the flow as barely controlled chaos is how they get things done. Usually, the experience is fun and more than satisfying. However, even with that said, I'd only recommend this place if you were hard up to find an alternative.
What is the best way to spend an early Sunday afternoon, when waking up with an empty stomach? Fresh and steamy dim sum is the way to go to appease our hunger! 

Ping Pang Pong has been voted one of the best Chinese Restaurant, according to Vegas Magazine and others alike. Nearly 3 years ago, Ping Pang Pong started their Dim Sum and I am wondering why have we only now just discovered this?

The venue is located inside the Gold Coast Casino, small to medium size and the kitchen is open where you can see the chefs prepare and cook the food.  The pros about being in a casino is that they have restrictions in cleanliness and maintain proper cleaning schedule.  Having an open expedition kitchen is a plus, because it's nice to see the chefs prepare the food depending on where you sit.

We had the best of the following, Pork and Shrimp Shumai, Shrimp Dumpling, 2 orders of Sweet  Pork Bun, Dim Sum Noodles, 2 orders  Pork Spare Ribs with black bean sauce, Crab Balls and Tofu with Shrimp paste. 

First of all, every bite and taste of dim sum was so steamy or crunchy fresh that it just dissolved in our mouths! Then the service was fast and consistent with clearing our tables or refilling our beverages. 

Ping Pang Pong is over $1 more than other places, but it is definitely worth the price mark up and hands down the best dim sum in Las Vegas!
What's up with the name?  Seems a bit racist if you ask me. I kid. I kid. 

Every person in this joint was Asian.  Everyone.  That may be because it's in the Gold Coast and this place was nicknamed the Pan Pacific by my friend.  It was literally an Asian invasion.  

So, when you see that all the peeps in a Chinese restaurant are Asian, that's gotta be a good sign, right?  

The food was good, great even.  The prices were extremely reasonable for large, family style dishes.  We tried the usual offerings, including a spicy fried rice that had some serious kick.  Loved it.  The salt and pepper pork chops were delicious, but didn't have a ton of meat on them.  

Minus one star for the wait.  Service wasn't great, but remember the saying...the worse the service, the better the food.  That always applies to Chinese food, so if you know this, you get it.
Come for the Dim Sum.  Arrived 11am and it was fairly busy.  Full of Asian families taking their time and enjoying themselves.

Ambience - Clean, well lit and noisy like most Dim Sum places.  Open kitchen which is somewhat unusual and a good thing.

Price - Ordered 1 A item and 4 B items plus 2 Tsin Dao beers ($7) for a total lunch of $22.38.

Service - Funny start when they tried to make me take a menu (I'm only part asian so I guess they wanted to make me order ala carte food).  After that it was good.  The hostess seated me right away and the food carts rotate quickly and consistently.  I hardly finished each plate and it was whisked away.  Busboy offered me a second beverage before I had to ask anyone for another.

Food - Excellent selection sorted by food types: baked and fried goods, steamed goods, large sides (like fried rice), dessert and fresh beverage.

Pork Shui Mai - Good flavor but slightly chewy (like a typical chicken texture).

BBQ Pork Bun Baked (Char Sui Bao) - Perfect bun texture and flavor with a tasty glaze coating (your hands will get sticky).  Stuffing of bbq pork was tasty.

Pork Dumpling (gau style not pot sticker) - Must have! great crispy dough contrasts with lightly chewy stuffing.  Lightly sweet flavor is delicate and delicious.

Char Sui Bao steamed - Great flavor but dough wasn't my favorite (stick to the baked ones).

Shrimp dumpling (Har Gau) - Good sized value with sticky wrapper and delicately spiced shrimp filling.  Each one must have at least two 10-12 shrimps in it.

Didn't try the fried rice, dessert cart or the fresh juice cart (soup or beverage?).  They also paraded around an asparagus plate that looked and smelled wonderful but I was too full.

I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and value of this place and would recommend it.  I'm picky about Dim Sum and this place does a decent job on everything I tried and better than average with the Baked BBQ Pork Bun and Ha Gau.
Staying at the Gold Coast I tried this place the first day I arrived. The prices were reasonable and the good yelp reviews I researched turned me on to eating here.
I ordered this white rice mixed in with pieces of of sausage and eggs. It was sweet, oily and a bit salty BUT delicious! I never have had a rice mix like this in my life. 
I took my leftovers to go even though I had no refrigerator in my room. Whateva! I ate it cold after a night of partying in vegas and it was still soooo delich!
Let's go to PING PANG PONG! Who would have thought this place is so good! This is seriously one of the hidden gems in vegas.  It's tucked in Gold Coast and it has really good dim sum.  They have the dessert - mango + pomelo which is so hard to find.  This is pure comfort food in vegas.  I love it!!!! It's clean and the decor is really nice.
The best thing about this place is the name: PING PANG PONG! One more time: PING PANG PONG! I was told by the owner that it means "hockey puck" in English, which makes zero sense for a Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. That said, the service was fast and friendly and the food was better than expected: a tad on the greasy side, but it's in the Gold Coast Casino so I was just happy there weren't cigarette butts in it.
-Shrimp Fried Rice
-Gobo Beef
-Shrimp Lai Fen
-Kung Pao Chicken
-King Du Pork Chop

Great food.  Now I know why it's on the 'Best of LV' lists often.  Famiy style servings.  In the Gold Coast Casino.  Fast service...
The restaurant is inside the Gold Coast Hotel/Casino.
I've only been for lunch so far.
The food and prices are decent.
It's pretty good for reasonable chinese food.
They have the standard dim sum items for lunch.
The place gets pretty hectic for lunch, but it's the standard for any dim sum place that is busy. If you go for lunch and only have an hour, I suggest you definitely get there before 11:30am.
Just got home from dim sum with the family here. I come here for dim sum about once a month. It's one of the better dim sum places in vegas. The line can get pretty long, so we try to come around 11am. Today the line started getting long just after 11:15am. 

The food off the dinner menu is good too, but the portions are small. Salt & Pepper Frog Legs is one of my favorite dishes here. Yup. I said FROG LEGS!! Soft like fish and sorta tastes like chicken.
Rated as the best Chinese Restaurant in Vegas according to numerous billboards around Vegas. This means squat here on yelp. I just laugh when I hear stuff like this. I bet these come from the same people who says Olive Garden is the best Italian food in Vegas, Starbucks having the best coffee, or voting Taco Bell as having the best Mexican food. Just remember all the awards Sam Woo got, and we all know how good that place is. Anyways on with the review!

@ Shrimp Dumplings (Har gau) - Good shrimp taste. Disappointing texture on the skin. Changs has PPP beat on this one.

@ Pork Dumplings (Siu Mai) - This was okay. But much fresher than Changs.

@ Egg Custard Bun - This is just okay. But after having the gooey and hot filling back in SoCal, this just doesn't seem that good anymore. Filing was lukewarm, almost cold here.

@ Congee (jook) - Much better than Changs by far. Flavorful and hearty. If I didn't have to share with the other people around the table, this would be all mine!

@ Shrimp Rolled in Rice Noodles w/ Soy Sauce - Tastey shrimp taste, PPP has Changs beat on this one by a narrow margin with a better rice noodle wrap and soy sauce.

@ Oysters - Good oysters, but they need to clean it more thoroughly. Almost every bite, I got grit in my mouth. Couldn't really enjoy the oysters because of this

@ Almond Covered Shrimp Balls - Yummy shrimps, but found the almonds unnecessary since you couldn't really taste it. But if you like almonds, you'll enjoy this item. Toasting the almonds a little bit would really bring out the flavor of the dish.

@ Fried Shrimp + Crab Claw - Its shrimp stuffed into a crab leg and deep fried. Yum and definitely a good item to get. 

@ Fried Tofu - Crispy, but found it a little too salty for me. HK Star got this dish down.

@ Red Bean Sesame Balls - Red bean was good, but the sesame balls is disappointing. Its the soggy and oily appetizer that reminds me what sesame balls are. Properly prepare this, and I'll enjoy this dish.

@ Tea - Usually I don't comment on the tea, but tea is traditionally part of dim sum. This tea was weak. Of course, it naturally got more weaker as the teapots got refilled. So towards the end of the meal, you're literally just drinking water. Even Pho Village gives me better tea with my meal than this place. Really really REALLY disappointing. 

"Ping Pang Pong", the place with the name that sounds racist and probably won't eat there because of it (Lily D). I'm not sure whats up with Chinese restaurants in Vegas and crappy names (see Food Express Chinese Restaurants), but it just makes my head explodes. I swear they do the opposite of picking the best names, and pick the most stereotypical Chinese restaurant name they can think of. /endrant

This is more pricier than Changs, but this place is a little more consistent than Changs. Some stuff Changs is better and some stuff, PPP is better. This is probably as good as it gets for dim sum in Vegas. This will be satisfactory for most. But for those raised in CA dim sum, you will be disappointed.
Located inside the Gold Coast Casino, I did not expect to be pleased with the dinner here.  In fact, when I first heard the name, I laughed.  I laugh no more.  

We went in a group of 5 people on a Saturday evening.  It was only lightly crowded and we were seated relatively quickly.  

The plates have generous proportions, so a plate per person in the group is just enough to get you full.  We ordered: Wrinkled Green Beans, Chow Fun (or Beef Flat Noodle as they called it), Rosted Duck, Pineapple beef with Mushrooms and Lamb.

Everything we ordered was what you would expect from a "legit" Chinese restaurant.  I would go into detail about each of them, but quite honestly, it was a flurry of amazing flavor that I cannot do justice to describe, but I can definitely say, you HAVE to go try it.

The only reason they lost a star was the customer service.  It's not that the customer service was bad, but it wasn't very good.  It took two or three times to get water and rice, our last two plates were brought our after we were almost done with the first three, and they were not very attentive.

Overall, a MUST TRY.  :D The food makes up for the eh customer service.
This place is pretty busy during lunch hours. We had to wait in line for like 20-30 mins. So many Chinese and Asians here. The only place you see Asians is at this restaurant haha.

Food: not that many variety. Looks the same as other dim sum places I've ate at. There was nothing special. The food didn't taste better quality or anything.
Potstickers- didn't taste fresh. Dry.
Glutinous rice wrapped with lotus leaf- steaming hot, fresh, soft, flavorful.
fried shrimp stuffed crab claw- this was good
Cheong fun with shrimp- this was soggy and drench in sauce, but still good.

Not really worth the wait. Price was ok. Bill was $20
Service is hit and miss, but food is great, prices are somewhat reasonable. Plenty of Chinese people here, so it must be authentic for las vegas. I will definitely be back, roast duck was crispy, clams with ginger & scallions very fresh, love the fried rice with dried scallops. Honey walnut shrimp was a bit salty, but the nuts were very fresh, had great texture. Less then fifty bucks for all of this.
You know, considering the casino, this place is pretty good. I cam here for both dinner and lunch. Surprisingly enough, they had dim sum on a Monday during lunch (?), which I thought was normally a weekend thing. I suppose that they get so many people (being in Vegas and all) plus all the Chinese tourists that they can afford to do so.

Their Chow Fun is exceptionally good (I always order it and use it as a judge for Chinese restaurants). They translated it into "Rice noodle." This was not as... err... random as their "Wrinkled Beans..." It doesn't sound appetizing, but it's name in other restaurants is "Dry Braised String Beans," or something similar. Both of these dishes are good. I also tried their lamb and duck, both were good (if somewhat overpriced).

Their service is pretty good too, considering it could be a lot worse. They serve hot tea automatically like a Chinese restaurant should. Dim sum was kind of slow when I went with only 3 carts and a few waiters with trays (but again, since it was a weekday, that's to be expected).

The super high rating is due to the fact that it is literally in the middle of the casino. It's not some fusion crap that other casinos on the strip sell. Nor is it some Panda Express imitation. Nope. No longer must I take a trip to Chinatown to get my fix. I can play my Monopoly slots, place my sports bets, grab some Chow Fun with my winnings, and then lose it all on craps... all on the same floor. Now that's Vegas....
It's always been a habit of mine to compare Asian food in Sin City with the City of Angels.  There's little to say about the Asian restaurants in Vegas (compared to the San Gabriel Valley), but this place hit the spot, especially since I was bored of having French/Italian food.

I've visited this place for dim sum about 3 - 4 times now and the food has ALWAYS been consistent.  You get the typical har gow, siu mai, chicken feet, and steamed buns.  What you DON'T get is stuff like shark fin soup or the more "expensive" type dim sum.  The only item I did not enjoy very much is the shen zen bao (pan-friend pork buns)...no juicy orgasmic flavors there.  The bills usually averaged about $50 - $60 for 2-3 ppl consisting of approximately 12 - 14 dishes.  A little more expensive than the Cali dim sum places, but it is Vegas, ya know.

Sure, the name of the restaurant sounds racist, but if you owned a jam-packed restaurant like that, so what?  And...the fact this small joint is in a casino...even betta!!  Try out PPP and try it for yourself!
Wow, this place sucks! 

My group and I were quite disappointed with our experience here. We were in the mood for some dim sum, and since I heard this place was comparable to Orchids Garden, we decided to try this place out.

The restaurant wasn't even half full when we got our table, and yet this place still lacked service. The carts came by slowly and there was barely a selection of dim sum. We ordered a few items and the dim sum was cold. It must have been sitting out for awhile, and there wasn't any new dim sum coming out. Also, it took them FOREVER to bring us the water and tea. Since we weren't getting full off of dim sum, we decided to order some food off the menu (fried rice, noodles, and string beans), though it did take us a long time to order since nobody came by our table. When we got our noodles, they were very oily. The rice and string beans was mediocre, nothing to rave about. When we got our bill, we were surprised at the total. We weren't even full and yet we ended up paying a lot. Plus, they charge for tea. WTF! I have been eating dim sum all my life, and all of the places (Portland, Seattle, Vanc BC) I have been do not charge for tea. That is BS. 

Overall, I will NOT come back here again. What a horrible experience. The food lacked variety. The dim sum was cold. And the service was super slow. 

I tried Orchids Garden a few days before, and they were 10x better than this place. More dim sum selection, service was great, and reasonable price. When we left Orchids, we were stuffed and yet we paid less there than Pings.
Went there on Fourth of July weekend and saw this place during my last visit in December but didn't try it then.  This time there was five of us and it was kinda late so was really glad to hear this place is open till 3am on weekends.
We were sat within five minutes of arriving and waiter took our drink orders.  She was really quiet at times but really quick.  The menu has a good amount of choices.  My recommendations is get a bowl of soup as an appetizer.  A friend who like asian spots told me once to try start off with one of the soups on the menu.   If the soup is good, then the rest of the food will be good.  We decided to try a soup that had big chunks of pork and asian veggies with had an amazing broth.
When it came time to order, we decided to get a bunch off dishes and try a little of each item.  Out of each item, I recommend trying the walnut prawns.  They are amazing!!! My brother enjoyed the roasted duck.
The place has a nice appearance and its full of Asians coming with large groups.  The table next to us was complaining about something on the order so there was a lot of arguing in Chinese, I think.  I can't wait to come back and get those walnut prawns!!  Heard they have dim sum during the lunch hours so gonna have to try that some time as well.
I was pleasantly surprised wth the food and service at this place. It was definitely a place fill up and get your dim sum fix. Good price and fairly great selection of dim sum. Stop by here if you don't want to  dig deep in your wallet...especially if you've already lost most of it on the Strip.
Our second day of $25 food credit, we decided to try the Dim Sum again here.  

Our visit this time seemed better.  I liked the food and the service.  You can't compare this with all the Dim Sum restaurants in So Cal, but Ping Pang Pong gets the job done with some of the classic dishes; Ha Gaw (Shrimp Dumpling), BBQ Pork Buns (both baked and steamed), Sticky Rice Wrap, Salty Sticky Rice Dumpling, Sesame Balls, Porridge, Egg Tarts, Chiese Broccoli, Fried Shrimp Balls, and so on and so on.  It seemed like they had more varieties this time than I remembered.  It could be because we were there earlier than last time, too.  

Do get there earlier than later or there will be a wait (and also they don't run out of your favorites)  since the place isn't very big.  The prices are fairly reasonable.  Most dishes are around $2.88 (for B dishes).   We tried to order enough to use up our $25 food credit and ended up packing some left over to go (ate it for breakfast the next day). 

I've tried going to Dim Sum at the restaurants on Spring Mountain Road and it was almost impossible due to the wait time.  I'd much rather come here.  If you're in the mood for Dim Sum, give this place a try.
We've been here both for Dim Sum in the daytime and tried a few of their items at dinner...The food has been pretty solid. I prefer the quality of food here than other places we' ve tried(Cathay House, Orchids Garden)....Give them a try and see what you think....ALOHA!!!
I had dimsum at Ping Pang Pong in Gold Coast Casino on Sunday 12/28/08. I was with a party of five adults and one child. We arrived at 11am and was seated at 11:40am even with our Emerald card, which gives us priority seating. Many people were in line and some just went to the front of the line to talk to the hostess. Most were confused as to which line to get in. Make sure you give your name and the number in your party to the hostess; she will then give you a piece of paper with a number that she will eventually call out. Most of the people were inpatient and kept going to the hostess and asking her questions. There were several who looked through the reservation book when the hostess stepped away. It was definitely crowded and as soon as we sat down, we started eating.

The food was great! We had the seaweed salad, BBQ pork noodles, shrimp noodles, pork dumpling, shrimp dumpling, spring rolls, crab balls, spare ribs, BBQ pork buns, BBQ pork pastries, Chinese broccoli, chicken wings, sausage in a bun, potstickers, sesame balls - the usual dishes that we order when we have dimsum. What we couldn't believe was the bill! It was $110 for five adults and one child! Then, I looked over the bill and noticed that they charged us twice for the Chinese broccoli ($8.95 twice!). They did correct the bill, but then we started to question whether the rest of the bill was correct. They charged us for 23 dimsum plates, but we didn't keep track and count our plates! They could have easily charged us an extra 2-3 plates and we wouldn't have known it. As regular dimsum customers, with a party of five to ten people that we usually have, we would pay any where from $10 to $15 per person at the most, including tip! But at Ping Pang Pong, we had to pay about $20 per person! Even though the dimsum was good, the higher price is not worth the wait! Next time, we'll go to Chang's or Orchid's.
My friends been telling this place has the best dim sum so I always wanted to try out so I did it's not that good at all.
We came by for dinner in this restaurant that was advertised at some point as the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  It's located in the older Gold Coast Casino, is a bit rundown but with authentic and low priced servings.  We had a nice beef satay with pineapples and enoki mushrooms (more Hawaiian than traditional Cantonese).  We also had a disappointing clay pot with ginger mushroom chicken.  The rice was flavorful, but there was no ginger, barely any mushrooms, and a lot of bony chicken scraps.  You can also have a Heineken here for $3.50.  Overall, ok for the price, but I suspect it can probably be a better place than what we experienced.   Service was also a bit poor, with no water refills, and it took a while for the rice pot to appear.
Dinner for two, 7:30 Tuesday evening:  horrendous service.  Period.

The dining area was frigid.  Icicles were forming on every word spoken at the table.  I thought I saw a yeti leave the kitchen area with his hands in his armpits, trying to stay warm on his way to the restroom.

On second thought, that might've been our server because the "service" we were afforded was GROSS.  

We were scolded for standing in the empty take-out line instead of the empty dine-in line (we'd changed our minds),  the servers (we had a couple on this slow night) were hard pressed to make any eye contact - we actually had a server deliver food to the table with her back to us?  How'd she do that??  I was looking for skates at that point.

In one moment I made accidental eye contact with the server and grinned as my mouth was full of mediocre Seafood Noodles.  I could almost hear her straining as she squeezed out a smirk.

A smirk.  And I'm not even kidding.  I was kidding about the yeti but the smirk was SO real.

We recognized one of the bus boys by his warm smile and friendly service.  I'm so annoyed with myself for not getting his name this time so I could give him propers.  He was a tropical island floating in a sea of ice.

In any event, the food.  The first time I came here I had Seafood Noodles and they rocked harder than Meatloaf.  Memory is a funny thing.  This time, there was little seafood and the bit present wasn't really a great mix.  I had one or two shrimp and a fistful of squid.  Had it been called Squid Noodles I'd have been happy.  The noodles were oily and the overall flavor wasn't anything to write home about.  We also had Salt and Pepper Calamari - which was more squ-  I mean, nice.  The calamari was tender

In the end, the check came to about $20 for both of us and still, I felt bad tipping because the service was Bizarro World grade.

I've never had dim sum here but if this is how they do business on a slow night I'll pass on dim sum.
Best dim sum in town!!! Get there early, lines get long.
Service remains awful :(
Freshest dim sum in Vegas.  Best quality, best taste, best texture, and best flavors.  Nothing beats Ping Pang Pong so far in my dim sum book.  Except the egg custard buns from Orchids Garden.  

This place is by far my favorite place to eat dim sum.
Food was very good. Much more traditional than typical chinese take out places. Some very interesting menu options.  Big portions.
Hands down the best dim sum in LV.  We used to go to what is now Orchid's Garden when it was still named Chau's then moved on to Chang's, and dabbled with Cathay House.  All of these restaurants would hover around 3 stars and dipped as low as being inedible depending on change of chefs and perhaps even ownership.  Then along came the idea of trying Ping Pang Pong inside the Gold Coast casino.

The litmus test for dim sum for me are the cheong fun, the har gow, the oven baked char siu bao, chicken feet, and anything with shrimp.  While the sauce of the cheong fun was very light, the noodles were soft and the shrimp were fresh. The har gow skin was soft and the shrimp again fresh.  The char siu bao was the right combination of sweet and salty.  Chicken feet were not too soft and not too hard.  Did I mention the shrimp were fresh?!

Yes, it's considerably pricier than all the other dim sum restaurants I mentioned but it's worth it.  And yes, it's also frigid cold like another reviewer said because that's how casinos keep you awake but it's nothing hot tea and a sweater can't fix.  And yes, it can get very crowded since it's actually a fairly small dining room for a dim sum restaurant, not to mention a dim sum restaurant in a casino known for its Asian clientel, but go before 11:30 am and you'll be fine since most are either at the gambling tables or are sleeping in from being at the gambling tables all night.
Went here for dinner on a Tuesday night.
soooooo disappointing. 
We asked the waiter our normal question of " this is our first time to your restaurant, what are the best items on your menu that we would want to write home about". Actually it wasn't the waiter that told us this, it was the manager... we had ordered some pot stickers...(which were the only thing that was ok).
The food was bland, boring, the meat was chewy and meh. I really will not go back here for dinner or lunch ever again. It reminded me of the food on the train in China- slop, sorta bland, sorta bad quality.
Now I have heard great things about this place- the bill boards, the reviews on the walls, etc. but maybe they are just talking about the dim sum, which i guess I will try this place again for...but never a dinner ...uggh.
I've eaten dim sum around the world and Ping Pang Pong is right up there with the best of them.  The service was perfect and the food was delicious! We shall return!
Dude, wtf.  Came here for dim sum.  Horrible.  Nothing compared to even the subpar dim sum in OC.  Idon't get how anyone can say that this dim sum is amazing, unless they've only had Vegas dim sum.  I'm sorry if I sound elitest... but take my word.  If you read my review you will know not to come here.  Chicken feet had an off taste as well as being kinda cold.  I guess most Vegas dim sumers are not fans of chicken feet.  The shui mai was just bad.  The tripe was overly braised and the texture (one of my favorite parts of tripe) was just bad.  It felt like I was eating fat, not tripe.

Nothing good here.  The only reason i gave it two stars was because it really is one  of the few dim sum places in Vegas.  The other one that got the better Yelp reviews was temporarily closed I guess the kitchen burned down or something.
no, no, no, no, no....

Despite the abundance of restaurants in Las Vegas, my family and I somehow ended up here for dinner because of its proximity to the bowling tournament that my mother was going to be participating in. I yelped it, saw 3 1/2 stars and thought to myself, "ok shouldn't be too bad". Well, it was REALLY BAD. Horrendous service - our waiters seemed to have completely vanished upon taking our orders. Food didn't come until about 30-45 minutes later, and when they did, it was cold. What the f***?!

Entrees we ordered:

Seafood porridge - I asked them to add the preserved egg, which I had been craving. Well, the porridge was bland and I had to keep adding soy sauce to make it better. The preserved egg tasted funky, not at all like what I was used to in LA's Chinatown.
Gobo beef - EW. They were basically big cubes of beef (bigger than bite size, so it was a little hard chewing on them)  that seemed to have been boiled in soy sauce. They also seemed a little bloody.
Salt and pepper pork chops - They were pretty standard. A little bit dry.
Hot braised chicken - This was the only semi-decent dish. But it was basically sweet and sour chicken. 
Shrimp fried rice - This one arrived to the table first, a good 20 minutes before the actual entrees arrived. So it was cold by the time we started eating. Not good.

I didn't try their dimsum; if that's what I wanted, I could've just gone to Chinatown. But this is definitely not a good dinner spot.
Sad to say, this is the best dim sum in Vegas.  I miss Seattle!  I have to tell ya -- the service (or lack of service) is why I gave this a "3 star".  The hostess is cute but she is completely an idiot!  Every 5 minutes while my mom and I waited in line, she would ask, "How many?"  I'm not kidding you -- There were only 4 of us in line (a couple ahead of us) -- and you'd think she would recognize four people, right?!  NOT!  Every 5 minutes, she'd ask, "How many?"   (Am I on "Seinfeld" or a candid camera?)  There were only 4 of us in line, and the hostess asked the couple ahead of us, "How many?"  They replied, "2" ... and then she turned to us and asked, "How many? 4?"  -- um,  helllooooooooooooooooo!!!!  My 3 year old niece can add better than her!  Anyway -- long story short, after 3 more times of "how many?" -- I finally lost my temper.  It's truly sad because the food is quite yummy -- it's just that the idiot hostess needs to get fired!  The funniest thing is, while I was enjoying my siew mai and har gow with mom, the idiot hostess sat a couple next to us.  Sure enough, the couple yelled at the hostess for her stupidity.  Wow!  I hope when I return, I don't have to answer to "How Many?"  10 times again.  LOL...
best dim sums...delicious
Have read so many mixed reviews about PPP from my fellow Yelpers in Las Vegas, and I finally went to try it with some schoolmates and guests.  The line wasn't too bad for us, and we were seated shortly, even though it was on a Sunday at ~11:30am.

The restaurant itself seems small, especially compared to the other dim sum options i Vegas.  The price overall is more expensive, and is to be expected for a restaurant located inside a casino (Gold Coast).  The per person charge for tea is only $0.50!  That is the lowest I have ever seen, even compared to off-strip dim sum joints.  But then they do make it up on everything else you can order.

The wait staff is friendly, but I think they are assigned way too many tables to watch over, especially the busperson, since our emptied plates rarely gets picked up after we finished whatever dim sum we had ordered, and the table looks like it is in a constant state of disarray. Not exactly adding to the mood of the meal. But our water glass was refilled on a regular basis, which is good. That applies to the tea pots as well.

Food-wise, I think it is just okay.  There were some highlights but also many that was not worth ever trying again.  The Panfried Shrimp and Chive Dumpling was excellent. The "fat noodles" stirred fried with XO Sauce (my pinyin sucks but I will try to type it... Stir Fried ChanFun with XO Sauce) is good and we ended up ordering two plates. HarGow (Steamed Shrimp Dumpling), was made with great fillings, but the skin was way too thick and you can tell that the cooks or prep cooks that make them lack the skills normally developed over many years of making dim sum.  But what do you expect from a casino restaurant that might have a really good chef, but the rest of the kitchen are cooks, prep cooks, etc that are just happy to still have a job in a state that has stupidly high unemployment rate.

Anyway, back to the food. They seem to have trouble keeping up with the demand for the essential dim sums (steamed shrimp and steamed pork dumplings), since we didn't see the Hargow until we were almost ready to get them to tally up our bill. And the Shuimai never made it to the area we were seated until we were collecting money from everyone at the table.

I did kind of enjoyed their Green Tea Mochi Cake, although the mochi was on the thick side. But I have never had this at any other dim sum restaurants in the US. The Mango Coconut Tapioca was good, according to my friend (I didn't try it).

And even though we have a party of 8, they did NOT automatically add in the "mandatory" service charge/tips.  I think that was cool, but we paid over the 15% anyways.

Overall, just a 3 stars dim sum experience for me, and I will likely not returned for just dim sum. But it is nice to eat at a dim sum place that at least have above average customer service.
This restaurant is located in The Gold Coast Hotel Casino and turned out to be our favorite.  With the sad (but finally improving) state of Chinese food in SW Florida we needed to get our fill and ate here three times.

Things got off to a shaky start.  Four of us ordered; Seafood Crispy Noodles ($10.95), Tea Duck, (half $12.95) Beef Lo Mein ($9.95) and Ma Po Tofu ($7.95).  It was a Saturday night and the place was busy but our order was taken promptly.  Interestingly after a reasonable wait we inquired about our food and it miraculously started to arrive, albeit one dish at a time making it seem like the order was never entered.  

The duck was cooked to a crispy goodness but was served without any dipping sauces - Hoisin was brought on request.   The two noodle dishes were large portions with the seafood noodle including ample pieces of fish, Scallops, Squid.  The fourth dish Tofu was a complete no-show with a different server offering to get it but advising the "kitchen is slammed", we declined and the check was adjusted accordingly.

Lunch here is Dim Sum served from a parade of steaming carts.  We tried some old favorites and few new things.  All was fresh and presented with care.  We tried a favorite of many Asians; Chicken Feet and now realize this is an acquired taste, however the fried rice served with it was the absolute best we ever had.  So that's how fried rice should taste!  We ate our fill and had many items with the bill for two at just $30.00.  If you've never had a traditional Dim Sum meal this is definitely the place.

One more dinner visit included our all time favorite Beef Rice Flat Noodles ($9.95) also known as Chow Fun served "wet".  The beef was tender and the noodles just delicious coated in the light flavorful gravy.  This dish included a few large pieces of perfectly cooked Gai Lan.  With this we had Orange Beef ($9.95) cooked just slightly crisp with an outstanding flavor.  We stuffed ourselves to help prolong the memory.

They claim to be Las Vegas' "best" Chinese restaurant and the fact that on each visit we were just about the only non-Asians there would seem to prove them right.
The dim sum is mediocre but the prices were moderate.. We were seated right away but after that there was no customer service whatsoever.. We had to ask multiple times for someone to bring us water and tea, something that is usually done right away without being requested.. The ladies that walk around with push carts kept asking if we wanted anything but how are we supposed to eat when the basics haven't been covered yet? I have never received such lack luster service from a dim sum restaurant.. I would probably return again if they improved their waitstaff but the likelihood of that is not likely.. Sorry but you'll just have to try again, because for now you fail..
Oh Dim Sum...How I missed you so. After living in Albuquerque and leaving California I felt that like I was going through my Dim Sum withdrawals. 

It was nice to be reacquainted with the hustle and bustle of the ladies pushing the carts with nice steamed dumplings, baked pork buns, and deep fried desserts.  

To be honest with you, the dim sum here is good, but I wouldn't say its show stopping. Their Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, or lack there of, was over cooked at the time we were serviced. 

We did stumble upon one of the dim sum plates that I've never had before, it was a shrimp ball rolled in stick rice, and a broth like sauce much like egg drop soup was poured on top.... very delicious, flavorful, and filling. 

As with the other reviewers, they do charge $0.50 for a pot of tea, not so bad.

Would I come here again for Dim Sum? ... Well if I had a hankering for dim sum and was in Vegas, probably yes; otherwise, I would wait to go back to California for Dim Sum.
It's hard to believe, but the best dim sum in Las Vegas is NOT found in our burgeoning (and otherwise excellent) Chinatown district stretching along Spring Mountain Road. Instead, truly "world-class" dim sum is to be found in the Ping Pang Pong Restaurant in the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino.

Honest.

From your basic steamed buns & fried rice to more esoteric fare like chicken feet & jellyfish, Ping Pang Pong serves it all.

Situated in the back of the western half of the Gold Coast, it nevertheless has built a reputation for authentic, tasty dim sum, so the lunch crowd is uniformly large. I recommend coming here when you have at least an hour to spend on your midday meal. Dim Sum may be Chinese fast food, but the price of Ping Pang Pong's excellence is crowds.

A note on the authenticity of Ping Pang Pong's cuisine: On several visits, I have been the most caucasian customer seated, and I'm half-filipino. Which brings me to another point: none of the waitstaff here seems to have a firm handle on English, so, although the service has always been excellent, ordering always seems to involve lots of gestures and nodding.

I have a kind of method to my own dim sum madness: I sit down, order some tea (or a beer), and wait for the carts to roll by. And, even if the dessert cart comes first, I start pointing to things that look good. One of my favorite desserts-as-appetizers are sesame balls filled with red bean paste. Another favorite appetizer: a steamed bun filled with a single, spicy Cantonese sausage. But I'm not finicky about what comes first. The point of a dim sum lunch is to enjoy as many different tastes as you can before you're completely topped off. Before long, I typically have as many as a dozen different dishes crowded onto my table.


As the helpful cart-pushers place each dish on your table, they mark your check with a stamp or a pen, indicating how many dishes you ordered & what "class" those dishes belong to. As far as I've been able to determine, the least expensive dishes run about 2 dollars while the most expensive run about 5 dollars. Because I am such a pig (ordering not only my favorites, but also anything I've never seen before), my bill is usually about 30 bucks, but you can have a nice, filling lunch for half of that.

The aforementioned jellyfish is light & vinegary, a little crunchy & slightly fishy, perfectly complemented with a splash of chili sauce, and I use it as a palette cleanser between courses. They also do a wonderful little bowl of sausage & egg fried rice. (One of the few dishes -- like the perfectly-fried chicken wings -- that my diehard midwestern Princess feels brave enough to eat.) Unlike most westerners, I am comfortable with the texture of gelatinous food, and Ping Pang Pong offers an incredible serving of spicy beef tendon, slow-cooked with onions and sprinkled with chili flakes.

Other highlights include:

* The rice-noodle rolls, where the gooey white noodles are wrapped around a filling like beef or a crunchy pastry and the whole thing gets bathed in a brothy sauce. The overall texture of the dish is a flavorful jelly filled with bits of chewiness -- again, not a combination one finds in the average American eatery.

* The steamed-chicken & glutinous rice wrapped in a leaf, where the wrap (a lotus leaf? a banana leaf?) effectively stews the mixture of chicken & rice into soupy goodness that's best addressed with a spoon.

* Char-siu ribs, the red spare-ribs that are sweet & chewy awesomeness. I go at these with my bare hands and generally leave the restaurant with a fair amount of the meat still stuck between my teeth.

* Steamed meatballs, either ground beef or pork, mixed with some bits of veggie and wrapped with a thin skin of egg, these are stick-to-your-ribs meaty & delicately spongy, and they absolutely scream for generous dollops of chili sauce.

I could go on, but you get the point. In a city that built the lowbrow end of its culinary reputation on the all-you-can-eat buffet, the dim sum lunch at Ping Pang Pong Restaurant offers a sublime alternative: a cornucopia of flavors at a very reasonable price. And the buffet rolls past your table, instead of you having to get up and walk to it. Talk about convenience.

Anytime you feel like braving the wilds of the Gold Coast to get to dim sum heaven, I'd be happy to meet you there.
I usually hit up Ping Pang Pong a couple of times a month. It is always packed with degenerate Asian gamblers and their families. It is located inside the Gold Coast which is notorious for having this type of clientele. 

I am always the only caucasian person here but I don't care. I love ethnic food especially dim sum which I was not able to get back east unless I traveled to Boston's Chinatown. I did not do this at all. 

I always opt to sit at their dining island which over looks the action in the kitchen. It's like watching a show. Very entertaining. Always 3 cooks manning the hot woks and 2 guys pumping out different types of dim sum. I flag down the cart pushers and they stop. I have never tried any of the crazy stuff like chicken feet or squid. I know what I like and i go for it hard. 

I usually end up getting lo mai gai, sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf. This is simple and good. Little bits of chinese sausage in the rice. I order the pan fried pot stickers which are juicy and hot. Shu mai are made with pork and shrimp. Har gow are shrimp dumplings. Shrimp and scallion cakes are pan fried. Bbq pork buns are fluffy.

Everything is served small plate style perfect for sharing. And everything is very inexpensive. I think like $2.35 per dish. I have not tried anything off their full menu but i'm sure it delicious. Dim Sum is daily till 3:00pm I believe. But the rest of the menu is served after that and the restaurant is open till 3:00am.

I think the dim sum is better quality and fresher here than at Orchid Gardens.
This place is a disaster!

We went on a Sunday Night for dinner. They have a big dim sum service on Sunday morning/afternoon which basically leaves them with no food on Sunday night. We tried to order appetizers, but they literally did not have any left. NONE! No spring rolls, no potstickers, nothing! Seriously people, if you are out of food close the restaurant, don't stay open and disappoint your customers because they can't order what they want.

As for the foods that they did have, my sister ordered the duck, I ordered the orange chicken, my brother-in-law ordered a brisket thing and our friend ordered the chicken chow mein. The cooks all make different foods and don't sync up the food to come out at the same time. So when an entree is done they bring it out to your table, even if the other entrees aren't ready yet. The duck came first, it was a few minutes before the orange chicken came out, and then another 5 minutes at least before the chow mein came out. This would be fine it you are eating family style and everyone is sharing everything, but if you are ordering and eating your own entree like we were it creates a big problem. You can either be rude and eat your food while it's hot, or be polite and wait for everyone to get their food while yours gets cold.

You will notice that I said my brother-in-law ordered a brisket something but I didn't mention when it got delivered. That's because we never got it! Another problem with the way they bring the food out is if they forget something, you just kind of assume it's still coming, and you don't think to ask about it. Our waitress never ordered the brisket, and we didn't discover this until it was too late.

As for the food itself, my sister was happy with the duck, but I didn't try it as duck is not my thing. The orange chicken was okay, but I've had much better.

Obviously being as our server forgot to order one of our entrees I'm not going to give the service a very high mark. Additionally, the atmosphere of the restaurant was really bad. It's located in the casino, very close to all the slot machines and casino action and as a result is very loud. It's a small space and they try to cram as many people in as possible so its very cramped and uncomfortable.

So to review, the food is bland but okay, the service and atmosphere sucks and if you go on Sunday night (and I would assume Saturday too) expect them to be out of everything.
This place is great. When we got there 1pm on a Saturday afternoon during a holiday long weekend it was busy. I am not sure if this was usual, but we waited for about 15 min which was fine. Its located inside the casino so there is plenty of scenery to look at while you wait. Doesn't matter if your really hungry, because the moment you hit your table hundreds of Delicious hot dim sum dishes are coming around your table to choose and ask what is what. All of the food looks so different and tasty so be careful when picking because its easy to overload your table with these dishes. lol All the food was incredible. The service was quick and efficient. We will definalty be back! 
Oh and if you want to work some calories off after lunch or dinner, there is a bowling ally just upstairs from the restaurant! it was only 12 bucks for my hubby and I to play a game with show rentals! 
Thanks Ping Pang Pong
Having given up on Dim Sum upon my move to Las Vegas six years ago, I had done all my mourning of not being able to drive to Monterey Park from West LA for a Sunday post-clubbing ritual.  I was not expecting much when I arrived at Ping Pang Pong this past weekend, but began to fan little fires of hopes when I saw a restaurant filled with Chinese people and outfitted with a long line also filled with Chinese people.

When they served us a steaming pot of Chinese red tea (forget the stereotypical Jasmine green), my hopes went from little flames to a pretty sizable campfire.  When the cart arrived and I had to explain to the Chinese cart-tender lady what I was looking for since she only spoke marginal English, I felt like I traveled through space and was suddenly in Arcadia.  

My favorites, Siu Mai and Har Gow, more than passed the test.  Siu Mai was surprisingly topped with fish eggs, which added a much-welcomed dynamic in texture.  Har Gow was delicious due to fresh shrimp fillings and a properly-made dough that didn't dry up after five minutes on the cart like the other Vegas Dim Sum joints.  My new adventure, Rice Paper-Wrapped Youtiao (Chinese fried bread stick) filled with Pork, was a perfect combination of tastes, textures, and ingredients. 

Our late arrival cost me my Dim Sum must-have: egg tarts; which provides me with a good reason to come back and visit this Sunday.  In the future, I will no longer avoid restaurants that are in funky casinos like the Gold Coast.  I could be missing out on a lot of yummy egg tarts.
Best chinese food in las vegas for sure. I eat here on a regular basis!!! Best shrimp fried rice :) Only thing is that service is not always the best- so four stars!
Some Yelpers recommended me to this place for good Dim Sum. It was decent, but very much lacking in variety. We were also almost as far from the kitchen as you can get (the left side), and on our way out we saw that the other side of the restaurant got way many more dishes than we were offered.

My favorites were the Chow Mein, BBQ Pork puffs and sesame balls with Red Bean paste in them. Other than those things, I could have gone without. The cart ladies don't speak much English, so you might end up with an accidental (or intentional) order of Chicken Feet as well.

I usually love the boneless ribs (those red ones or the honey glazed ones) at Dim Sum places, but they didn't have them here. I though I might have missed them on the cart, but the waitress confirmed.

Due to the variety of food, the temperature of the food by the time it reached us, and just how it tasted in general, I wouldn't come back here. The prices were good though and unlike many other Dim Sum places, our waitress was very attentive to our drink refill needs.
It's more like 3.5 stars.
The food and service were both good.  The selection of food was limited but the available items we thought were interesting.
I was majorly disappointed at this DIMSUM place.  To read the reviews about this place and  my gf telling me it is good there...I was willing to go through the smoky smell of the casino just to have a taste of my favorite type of Chinese Meal.
The place was rather small.  I was expecting bigger.  So with a smaller place...there were less carts to go around and less choices.  It took a while before the chow mein came to the table and was not one of the choices on the cart.  
The custard bun was not filled with custard which disappointed my son. 
The othere dishes was ok and not even worth talking about much.  
They did not come around to see if we needed refills on our drinks.  My son actually had to go to the ladies in the front (cashier) to ask for refills. 

Overall our experience in PING PANG PONG was not good and so far my recommendations still to go to ORCHIDS GARDEN.

The price- outrageous!!!!  For what we were charged....I have paid for 3 people at Orchids. 

Atmosphere- mediocre.
Food-blah,dry, not much choices
Price-Outrageous
Reviews-overrated
location-sucky smelly casino to go through
service-sucky.not attentiveed.
Best dim sum I've ever had in Vegas! I will have to make a point to come here on each Vegas trip! There is a line, but we got there just in time we didn't have to wait too long. They have all my favorite dim sum carts so I'm not complaining there. All so tasty. Didn't try anything off the menu but the dim sum won my heart so... can't wait til next time, Ping Pang Pong! 

Such a cute name. :)

Oh, service was okay. It's Chinese (I'm Chinese) so you know how it goes.
Not bad for the Gold Coast and I would come again.  Below average if comparing to So Cal.  Limited variety.  Decent taste, nothing offending.  Average prices.  Less quantity per order on some items - check the uploaded images.
I've never had dim sum before so I really don't have anything to compare it to. It was about 1pm when we went there and this place was so crowded that there was a line to get in. Luckily it was only a party of 2 for us so we got in quick. I love the carts. I kept grabbing so many different things and realized that it might be too much. Next time I'll know to limit my selections.

When I go back to vegas, I'll stop by this place again.
Ping Pang Pong = Dim Sum FUN!!!  

So we've been talking about going to get Dim Sum for probably over a year now, honestly!  We finally got around to it this weekend and I can't believe what I've been missing!  Turns out it's like a backwards buffet, except the food is way fresh and instead of going to get it yourself, there are these lovely ladies that bring around an assortment of tasty Chinese treats on carts. The food is hot, fresh and oh soooo savory!  My favorite was the devilishly, delicious fried crab claw and the seaweed salad was scrumptious on the side.  Make sure to ask for some of the chili sauce for dipping those claws though, and it goes well with pretty much everything else too ;) I'm Very much looking forward to a return visit to try some new and exciting culinary delights.
PUKE!!!!!!! Go hit Chia Town aka Spring Mountain Rd from "The Strip up to Decatur" and you are garunteed to have better food. Not to mention the waiter charged me twice for my melee which I discovered two days later looking at a bank statement. Went in to talk to the manager, he was nice. but was unable to help me. DONT EAT HERE
Went to Ping Pang Pong for lunch and had dim sum.  The food tasted fine, but the selection was not that great.  It is a small place, so the carts come around ofter.  The prices seemed pretty good.  Seems a bit cheap to charge for tea, but at least they have loose leaf tea.  Places that use tea bags and claim to be Chinese restaurants piss me off.  :)
man! this place smokes about 1/2 the chinese restaurants on spring mountain!! the food is DELICIOUS here! very authentic!! chinese cooks, chinese waiters, and a bunch of chinese people inside the restaurant! you know it's good chinese food when you see a whole gang of chinese people in there chowing down!! besides the full menu, during the day, they serve dim sum! i've been here a few times and have always ordered the chinese sausage fried rice (which is made with egg whites and thinly sliced chinese broccoli steams) and salt & pepper pork chops! my boyfriend and i went on valentine's day this past monday and i decided to venture out and order the wonton noodle soup!! that was not a disappointment... the broth was delicious and the wontons were very plump with pork & shrimp. kind of reminded me of the wonton noodle soup in hong kong!! i can bet that 1/2 of the cooks came straight from hong kong! the style of cooking there is very very very cantonese! definitely will bring family there when they come into town next time.... sorry sam woo... i found a new joint!! PING PANG PONG! i love saying that name!! LOL hahahahhaha! OH! 1 more thing... they are open until 3am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's good, esp considering since there's really no other place I know of to get good dim sum around the Vegas area.
We ordered the shrimp har gow, the siu mai, some chive thing that is first steamed, then fried on both sides.  BF got his steamed pork buns and ate every last one.  I got some porridge since I had been sick, and it was helped me feel better, love the crispy wontons.
I was pretty stuffed.  Dimsum for two.. about $30, pretty reasonable, or average, depends on how you look at it, and how much you eat.
It was nice to have dimsum in LV, but it was just okay.  Nothing to rave about.  Maybe I'm just jaded by the plethora of dim sum restaurants I live by.
Not sure what these people are nagging about

They must not like you or something haha, went there two days in a row for my stay in Vegas and had nothing to complain about this restaurant

Yeah the price is a little high but you are in a casino not in Chinatown, that's like saying the prices of food inside a theater is pricey, hello look where you're at

Its refreshing to finally find an actual Chinese restaurant after eating 3 days of burgers and well...white food
Came here by the recommendation of a friend, who along with others, classified this as the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. It was a bit tough to find, but that's expected with most restaurants in Vegas hotels. Let's skip the details and just go straight to the food:

- King Du Pork Chops: Very tender for pork, but tasted a lot like orange chicken, minus the chicken part. Pretty good dish overall if you like that Panda Express takeout taste.

- Walnut Prawns: Somehow every place I go to has their own spin on walnut prawns which makes them unique. Here, the batter was very thin, which is always good. Who wants to be eating more dough than shrimp? The shrimp themselves were quite large and the sauce not too sweet. One of the best walnut shrimps I've had.

- Lamb Stew: Definitely not what I expected, especially for the price. This basically consisted of broth with vegetables and pieces of stewed lamb, for about $20. The lamb itself was nothing too special, and neither was the entire dish. If I took some time, I could easily make this at home.

-  Tofu: I forgot which dish this was, but look at the pictures if you want a better idea. This was a pretty typical tofu dish that our veggie friend typically orders. It was full of flavour from the sauce, not too spicy, and done just right.

- Hot and Sour Soup: Also pretty typical, although I feel like they made it too sour. I love the consistency of this soup, which they got just right, but everything else was just so-so.

-  Veggie Noodles: I hate noodles that are way too fat, which is what you get typical takeout places. This, however, was the complete opposite. Nicely sized noodles, lots of veggies, and cooked well. Not much else to comment on.

- Gobo Beef: This was definitely the highlight of the night. The dish contained probably the softest beef I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. It pretty much melted in my mouth, and the sauce just made it that much better. This is a must have if you come here.

Overall, all of the dishes were pretty typical of a Chinese restaurant, with the exception of Gobo Beef. I'm sure there are better and more authentic Chinese places in Vegas, but this place was a pretty pleasant surprise in the overcrowded Vegas restaurant scene.
Food was o.k.  We went here at 130pm so food wasn't as fresh as we wanted ( as they serve dim sum up until 3pm.)  

Temperture of food could have been hotter, but the flavor was there.  Not the best ,but not the worst, just ok.
after being away from decent chinese food for a week, this place hit the spot. I'm from boston, so I wont say this was the best dim sum ever, but it was good enough. unfortunately, its located off the strip inside the gold coast...and a little maze to find it.
I love this place! The dim sum is amazing!! I love the food from the carts...no need to order off the menu! Your imagination is the limit the carts offer everything from chicken feet to seaweed salad!!

The staff is friendly and helpful!
Best dim sum in Vegas!
We first visited this place in August 2009.  We had seen the billboards around town, but thought the name couldn't reflect an authentic chinese restaurant - but gave it a shot anyway.  We were pleasantly surprised that it was an authentic dim sum restaruant - and inside a casino no less!  The dim sum was not the best we've ever had, but it was above average; certainly better than other places we had tried in Vegas up to that point.  Price was reasonable, and we knew we would be back.  Gave it 4 stars.

UPDATE: 
We returned on 2011-04-16 for dim sum lunch.  Food was still reasonably good, but it seems to have lost a bit in the quality.  They were out of some items we wanted such as har gow (we got there a bit late), and the food overall seemed to lack some seasoning; some of the sauces seemed watered down.  We'll keep coming back to this place for dim sum until we find something better in Vegas, but have lowered the rating to 3 stars.  See my other reviews of other places in Vegas.
My parents love this place for dim sum so we were all dragged here.  At first, we were dim sum in a casino?  Really?  You know what, they serve authentic chinese dim sum.  Actually, I was surprised that the dim sum was pretty good.  I agree with Ed C. some of the sauces seems a little watered down.  

Highlights that I can remember:
The BBQ buns (steamed and baked) were good!
Steamed spareribs were good, a tab bit too spicy for me.
Steamed rice wrapped in green leaves - YUM!
Rice soup with shredded pork and preserved egg - YUM YUM!
Almond tofu dessert - 1 Yum and a Yeah!
There isn't really any place for dimsum right on Las Vegas Blvd, so if you're craving some dimsum, this place isn't too bad of a choice.  PPP goes oldschool with their dimsum carts, featuring congee or bean curd dishes.  I really enjoyed their char siu rice rolls, which had large pieces of bbq pork in them.  I thought their Siu Mai was just average, they were pretty small actually.  But overall, the dimsum was good.

We didn't receive great service here, the dimsum carts came but the rest of the employees ignored us when we needed some plum sauce or water.  But I wasn't too surprised, if you want the authentic Chinese restaurant experience, you have to expect the not-so stellar service.

I prefer to hit the Chinatown area for dimsum but if you are staying at a hotel on the strip, PPP isn't too far out the way to get yourself a dimsum fix with some authentic dishes.
Would normally say this is a 4 star as I have had better but this is 5 stars for Vegas Chinese.  I have tried a bunch of places but cant remember the names to give the reviews.

I need to get more active on here.  Its such a useful site maybe even become an ELITE however you do that  (many yelpers are as questionable as many of the restaurants but hours and location & entertainment of reading the reviews as I dine is much fun)

Every dish was a pleasure.  The tea, the Hot & Sour, the service, the 4 dishes we shared at the table all were very very good.

Packed with Asian patrons for what thats worth?!?!  I felt like it meant a lot since its in the middle of a Casino and not in Chinatown.

Will make the trip back until soon.
The BF had a craving for late night dim sum and so I went on a search to find who serves even a small selection throughout the day. 

It's not on the dinner menu, but I was told you can order dimsum from the kitchen late night for $2.88 each. The selection is limited and depends on what didn't sell that morning. Hey, it's better than nothing....the only late night dimsum (Kan's) closed. 

We ended up getting:

Shrimp Har Gao- the shrimp and wrapper was fine, but I think the wrapper is slightly too thick.
Shumai- I did not like their version. Something about the taste just doesn't work for me and was just OK. 
Shrimp cake- these were tasty. They were panfried so it was crisp and inside was dense cake, shrimp and green onion. 

We also got off the menu:

Mapo Tofu ($7.95)- pretty good. The meat had a sausage like flavor to it which was interesting since most just throw plain ground meat. Tofu is always noms to me.

Salt&Pepper Pork Chop ($9.95)- the fry was light so the texture was nice. Funny that "salt" is part of the name, but it needed a tad more of that. 

I was surprised by the prices. I honestly thought it would be more at a casino, but it's about the same pricing as some of the nicer Chinese restaurant on Spring Mountain Rd. I think it was very fair priced and the quality was good. 

The service was friendly and pretty on it with drinks and checking up on us. 

Will be coming back for daytime dimsum....one of these days we'll actually wake up early enough for it.
VERY authentic. Makes sense as the head chef dim sum was kidnapped by Mafiosos right out of Hong Kong. Every item you try, will either be a 3/5 star experience, or 4/5 star experience, but you'll have mostly 4/5 star experiences.

I dine fully comped, so I don't know if it's expensive or not, but dim sum here is one of the few reasons why I might want to wake up early-ish in Vegas.
I usually don't go to restaurants in casinos for authentic Chinese food, but I read the reviews on Yelp and wanted to give it a try.  We went to PPP on Friday evening for dinner.  We were seated right away and I like the modern decor of the restaurant. It is clean and neat. We ordered some spring rolls, HK style wonton noodles ,and shanhainese pan fried noodles.  They are all so delicious. I like them being not too salty.  

I will definitely come back again and try out their dim sum as I read that they are pretty awesome too.
Dim sum was good and fresh. Service was good. I thought it was on the pricey side 21 dollars for one person just seemed high.
It's an interesting setting for me. Dim sum inside a casino. I like how the waitress are all dressed in oriental outfit, matching the theme very well.

The food is just okay, I thought the chicken feet is too oily. Really had to keep drinking hot tea to wash it all away. New item that I try was the fish ball, which is not bad.

Very good customer services.
I've had dim sum in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Hawaii.  This is the best.  Huge selection on carts.  I love the honey glaze on the various baked cho so Bao. Hard to believe that you'd find such good dim sum in a casino.  Priced right too. 2.98 for most of the plates
The place was crowded and the service was so-so. They need more carts but no much room. However, the dim sum was actually good. Prices is more than other places off the strip but it's cheaper than dim sum on the strip. Free refills on soda, I haven't been to any places that serves dim sum where you can get free refills on soda.

I would only came here if I lived here, but a few places to visit before coming back.
Food is great.  Definitely must get the black pepper beef medallions.  Service is hit or miss.  Ironically enough, their actual servers, and especially bussers, give great service.  When they are busy or understaffed, and the managers step in to help, it goes down the drain.  They are slow, unattentive, and rude.  Eating by myself at Ping Pang Pong, a male manager waited on me one night.  After finishing my meal, I sat for 27 minutes (yes, I kept track) without receiving the check.  When I went to the front, where he was laughing with an employee, and asked for my check, he just rolled his eyes at me, and did not even apologize for the wait.
Black bean chicken - Sucked
Shrimp fried rice - Salty
Sesame Shrimp Rolls - Excellent

We tried this place because they advertised on their billboards how their restaurant won all these awards and they were right across the street from our hotel (the palms). The food is definitely authentic tasting, but it was very salty for my liking.

The black bean chicken was recommended by the manager waiting on us, and it was a bad a call. Sounded good, but it turned out not to be so great. Nonetheless when we ate all three items together the food didn't taste so bad.

Still, its definitely not AWARD winning like they paint themselves to be. I wouldn't mind eating here again: as long as I order something different.

I think our biggest mistake was ordering the fried rice. If we had white rice instead, and ordered two other meat dishes other than the black bean chicken it would have been fine.

Maybe i'll do that next time.

This restaurant definitely has potential, we just made poor choices in ordering our food.

Our fault. Service was good. A-Ok.
My dad will sometimes take us to eat here and I must say that it does it's magic on my Chinese-American taste buds. When we're here for dim sum, I will get anything shrimpy and fried with the sweet mayonnaise. How can you go wrong with the combination of those 3? My favorite of which are the sesame shrimp rolls. 

When we're here for dinner, we always get the Peking duck, walnut shrimp, and garlic snow pea chutes. At the sound of duck, my 4 year old will pounce for the legs and happily sit there for the next 10 minutes nibbling at them. The skin is crunchy and the duck is meaty compared to other restaurants that serve some starving ducks. Walnut shrimp are crispy fried shrimp with glazed walnuts covered in more of my favorite sweet mayonnaise. Snow pea chutes are ordered to get our vegetable intake for the evening and taste like almost any Chinese vegetable because it's always covered in a garlic, sesame oil stir fry. The snow pea chutes are just nice, tender. and really good at sopping up the garlicky goodness.

Overall, 4 stars because they have great food. I think it's a bit pricey because it's in a casino, but since I never have to pay for it (thanks dad!), the price is just right.
This is my favorite authentic Chinese restaurant.  It's located in the Gold Coast Casino and every time I've eaten here, I'm the only customer ordering in English.  This is authentic!  You can order off the menu or eat Dim Sum off the various food carts being rolled around the restaurant.  Personally, I think it's better to skip the menu and order whatever looks good on the carts.  We ordered all kinds of items off the carts with beer and our bill was only $50.  Everything was delicious, except the fried chicken feet, which even our waitress said she did not eat.  You don't want the chicken feet, but everything else we had off the carts was delicious.  Be prepared to be a little overwhelmed when you first sit down by the various food cart servers pitching you with all kinds of different food choices.  Just choose whatever looks good and pass on anything that doesn't, and stop ordering when your table looks like it has enough food on it.  Authentic Chinese restaurant ambiance-5 stars, Food-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Value-5 stars.
Five stars for Ping Pang Pong. Price, late-night hours, and excellent authentic Chinese food overcome the flaws with the rude, slow and often non-existent service. I recommend sitting at the counter where you can watch the cooks turn out the dishes and easily get the attention of one of the servers. 

I've eaten here three times now and have yet to walk away disappointed with the food. Highly recommended.
I've eaten at Ping Pang Pong twice now and had two very different meals with two very different outcomes. My first experience with PPP was for Dim Sum. It was absolutely delicious and very authentic. I've been eating at some of the great Dim Sum houses in Alhambra (East of Downtown LA) and surrounds for years and years and was quite surprised and pleased that PPP was able to serve up Dim Sum that was on par with some of the greats like Ocean Star and NBC (Both on Atlantic Blvd. Alhambra...Don't miss 'em). 

Ping Pang Pong serves a wide variety of Dim Sum and the carts filled with the steaming treats are plentiful. The prices are similar to places in Alhambra & Los Angeles, however, instead of placing four of something on a plate, they put three. Nonetheless, the food is terrific. Lunch for three very satisfied people was about $10-$12 per person...and we were stuffed. Bravo on Dim Sum PPP.

Now the downside to the story...

My second trip to the restaurant was for dinner. We ordered Hot & Sour Soup, Pineapple Beef, Seafood Noodles, and Squab in Lettuce Cups. Overall a great disappointment. 

The Hot & Sour soup was the best dish we ordered, so we started off the meal well. The Squab in Lettuce Cups were good, but not great...and a bit on the chintzy side. Because there were four of us, we were required to order two additional pieces of lettuce at $1 apiece. Come on...two extra dollars for two tiny pieces of lettuce? The Pineapple Beef had absolutely NO FLAVOR. It was terrible actually. I don't even think they put salt in it it was that tasteless. The pineapple chunks were straight out of a can...and the can was probably from the 99 Cent store. Just plain bad. The Noodles were about average from any Chinese restaurant. 

Towards the end of the meal I felt like I would only come back to this place for Dim Sum but some of my dinner companions disagreed. We did see dishes that looked really savory and tempting being served to other tables. The Walnut Glazed Shrimp looked amazing!  

The overall consensus was that we may have just ordered a couple of dishes that were lackluster and that Ping Pang Pong is worthy of another dinner experience. Their Dim Sum is first rate so I know they know how to cook.
Great Dim Sum!
Excellent food, not great service...
Overrated. Rated the best chinese restaurant in las vegas 2011? Are you kidding me?? Slow service, lazy server, absolutely outrageous price and very very slow dim sum cart. Who wanna wait half an hour outside and another half an hour to get a chicken feet??

I am sorry ping pang pong, you just feel like a ping pong then a true pang for my buck!
best dim sum spot in vegas!  the wait can be long during weekends lunch or dinner and you have to walk through the cloud of smoke to get to the restaurant.  but their food is excellent.  my fav. is their bbq pork bun (served only after 5pm) and they ALWAYS sell out of it fast!  i call in the order a day ahead to ensure i get my fix for those buns =)
It's convenient if you're staying at Gold Coast Hotel....they have cheap & good dimsum in there!  

The only downside...service is slow if you're gonna order from the menu or waiting for your check...server takes a while before you can get there attention.
Ping pang pong.  Well lets get some facts straight.  It's in Gold Coast.  No one expects a 5 star steak from a place like that,  It's chinese and it's better than panda express.  I had some Orange beef and man that stuff was good.  It was like a glaze rather than a sauce on it.  Made it pretty delicious.  Am i gonna go out of my way for it ? no. but if i go bowling there sometime then sure why not.
OMG WORST SERVICE EVER.
took a cab out from the strip bc of the great reviews.. should have just ate the noodle bar in caesars.  
ordered a tremendous amount from the menu...i expected more dim sum for dinner but they only had a few selections and the ones we chose were out... 
had chicken feet... i didnt eat but heard it was amazing.
fried rice was dry.
the dimsum we did have was good though..
chinese broccoli..i personally dont like so i cant really review it..
IMO, dont waste your time unless youre already tehre
Dim sum close to the strip!  Prices are reasonable and it's open late.
The only dim sum I've had in Vegas, but it's done well at Ping Pang Pong! Okay yes, the name is pretty ridiculous and stereotypical to Chinese people, but don't let that turn you off! This place is pretty legit.

A lot of reviewers mention that the wait is pretty crazy, but I've came here on weekdays only and never had to wait for a table, so maybe it's only crazy on weekends?

All the dishes we've had were good, but we've only came here for dim sum, so I'm not sure (but curious) how their other food is.

Service is decent, which I'm used to at Chinese restaurants, so it's good enough for me!

Kind of shocked that this place was noted as the 'Best Chinese Restaurant of 2011'. Is nothing good in Chinatown then? Haha.
Do I even have to give a star? In Australia we call this style of dining yum cha.  

Firstly, They say the kitchen closes at 3pm, and we arrived at 2pm. The dim sum cart came around once, then we were told to order from the menu if we wanted more food. The service was SHOCKINGLY BAD, they would ask you a question, and then ignore the answer, only to ask the question again, only to get caught up in a conversation with another server, only to ask the question again.

I can't even be bothered telling you all the other issues here, because I want to clear my head space from people/businesses like this.

NEXT!
*Looks into restaurant and sees a butt load of Chinese people* Aw hell yeah, this place CAN'T be bad!!

A butt load of Chinese people in an Asian restaurant + a wait line = this can't be too bad!!

Okay so this place wasn't bad at all, even with the ridiculous name BUT it just doesn't compare to what I get in SF. =X BUT the food here was still fairly decent for a dim sum place in a funny smelling casino! 

DIM SUM IS WHAT'S FOR LUNCH
Like most dim sum places you have women pushing around carts full of food asking if you want any of this or any of that, what they serve here is exactly what any other dim sum restaurant in SF would have. The food was okay and for sure did not and could not compare to the dim sum I get in SF but the BBQ pork fried rice was the best thing we had that afternoon. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say it was better than most BBQ pork fried rice dishes I've tried in SF. =X

SERVICE
Our waiter was quick, he took drink orders down (he memorized the drink orders) and a couple minutes later he was back with all the drinks! DAMN! Then we asked for BBQ pork fried rice, a couple minutes if not a minute later he comes back with it! 

CONCLUSION
I definitely wouldn't mind coming back here and who knows, maybe during my next Vegas trip I'll make a return. =)
I like the fact they have a legit dim sum place in Sin City. 

Variety is the spice of life.

Service- Chinese place so you know the drill. Hehateyou youhatehim.

Food Highlights:

Tripe white/yellow very tasty
Chinese broccoli
Salt pepper shrimp- ordered off menu- Yummy best dish of the meal.

Everything else is decent.

Issue with being double charged for salt pepper shrimp. unk if resolved or not.

Will be back.

Whatever you do do not order the Creamofsumyunguy.
Saw the signs that said they were voted the #1 best Chinese Restaurant in Las Vegas & they were right!  We all really enjoyed our meal.  
I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
I've never been a fan of eating dim sum but I was quite impressed with the dim sum here.  If you need a dim sum fix in Vegas, this is the place to go.  My favorites are the white tripe dish and the fried chicken wings.  I also really liked the bbq pork fried rice and shrimp dumplings.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
Good chinese food in the middle of the dessert. Didn't see the dim sum.
Not a band place to try, been here several times.....

1.  Parking - A bit of a hike as you have to go to the Gold Coast Casino parking and then walk to the restaurant. So it is what it is. Not to bad, not too close.

2.  Ambiance - I knock off a star for it being or having a very odd feeling. It is kinda open to the casino floor, and it seems to be that the restaurant was stuck here, rather than designed to be here.  You have to walk through the smokey casino to get to the restaurant and then there is always a lingering amount of smoke from the people smoking outside the restaurant.

3.  Note - You have to go to use the casino bathrooms, which while they are not far at all, you still have to go through the casino. Not an issue if you are a casino lover.

4.  Food - Not bad.  The carts of dim sum did not seem to weave an order that I could detect.  You have to flag them down. The food itself is good, yet when you have to search out the cart , wait and wait it dampers the experience a bit.  For this I knock off 1/2 a star.

5.  Service - Not bad, but kinda like "we are busy" and "you should be happy to wait for a table" type attitude.  This type of attitude does not bother me greatly, however, it also does not endear loyalty and a pleasant experience. With so many great restaurants opening up that serve dim sum, they need to up their game.

What happened?  They used to be highly rated and I find them to be pretty good, yet not highly rated.

Worth a try for sure.
cheap and good...
Disappointed that they do not have Xiao Long Bao... though it was mentioned on yelp that they do.
Like many others, we opted for PPP on a random late Vegas night.  The food was alright (went for the veggie noodles) and although better than some other places I've tried, it really didn't hit the spot for me.  Plus, we came on a kind of busy night...? It took quite a while to get seated even though it wasn't too busy looking and a bunch of empty tables available.  Rough night for them?  Maybe.  Food was enticing enough to maybe return for a 2nd round.. hopefully my experience is better next time.
This place has been voted as the best Dim Sum place in Vegas. Hard to believe the selection of dim sum restaurants have to hold up their standards to this location, especially in Vegas, when the Chinese demographic is booming. Not a lot of choices here, seating is small, therefore, their is a long line before coming in, and some of the dishes are seriously over priced. A dish of Chinese broccoli is $9! That's like buying 8 bundles of fresh Chinese broccoli.
Dim Sum in Vegas is a great thing.

Problem is these idiots don't know how to sit people in order. Stood in line for 30 mins while people behind was seated first because they had bigger parties. First come first serve numb nutts.

Food was decent, but shu mai never came our way wtf?

They should call this place Ping Pang Pow, because I was about to slap the dam mgr upside his fat head.

I gave a 20% tip anyways, our server was ok and I am not a monster.
Ping Pang Pong is definitely one of my top choices for dim sum here in Vegas.  

First, the restaurant is small so it doesn't take too terribly long for the carts to circulate and deliver piping hot dim sum foods to you!  I am not a fan of luke warm dim sum.  This is often a problem when a place isn't busy and things circulate for too long or when a place is too big and the carts have travel vast distances from kitchen to patron.  

They offer all of my faves like chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, baked char shiu bau (sp?), shrimp and chive nuggets, crab balls, chow fun, shiu mai (sp?).  OK, OK I admit I have absolutely no idea how to name or spell most of the hot tiny treasures but I love to eat them!  One complaint here at ping pang pong, is that they serve the oyster sauce on the side of the chinese broccoli....I must prefer a heart drizzle evenly over the top.  

They are friendlier than most but still the service is abrupt, semi-angry, and without any normal pleasantries.  This is to be expected from most Chinese establishments, especially dim sum.  But the attitude adds to the experience if you ask me!  

If it is your first crack at dim sum, this may be the best place to try it.  The ladies pushing the carts even explained what was in some of the items!  Revolutionary.  

Dim sum at ping pang pong is better than most here in town but not the best ever, but definitely worth a try!!!
Great authentic food, always comes fast and fresh. If you are only accustomed to americanised Asian food then this is not your place.  I love coming here.
One of the better Chinese restaurants in Vegas. Ordered roasted lamb, duck, and noodles. Pretty authentic flavor, but nothing terribly spectacular.
Very good food. Nice waitress. Reasonable price.
People in Las Vegas are usually too drunk or just not smart enough to realize what bad service looks like. 

I have been coming here for 3 years because the Gold Coast comps me all the time. The Food has always been 5-stars, but the service is so bad that in the last 2 years, I have NEVER left a tip. And everyone around this town knows I am a big tipper. I mean, my local sushi spot is a place in NW Las Vegas called "Sushi Bomb". The chefs and servers are so friendly and nice to me that even though my bill comes out to $32.00, I will pay with a $100 and tell them to keep the change. So Yes, I am not afraid to tip if the service is that good. 

What is wrong with Ping Pang Pong? At 1st I thought it was a cultural misunderstanding. I noticed that most the workers speak barely any English and most are from Mainland China and not Taiwan(Taiwanese restaurants are always much more friendly). But, even other Chinese people who come here get into big fights with the servers and complain all the time about how bad the service is. 

Common problems here: 
-You go up to the counter and wait for the host to seat you or put you on the list. 15 minutes later, the host will not come over. She won't even give you eye contact or say: "I will be right with you". When the host finally comes she doesn't even know how to seat you. You would think that since this has been her job for the last 2-3 years she would have finally figured out how to do it right, but somehow she still hasn't got it down. Common sense says that the person at the front of the line should be the person you should service, but she will just pick a random person at times. 
-Many times(and this happens a lot) a drunk from the casino who doesn't have the coherency to stand in line will attempt to cut infront of you. The server WILL seat him instead even though you shout at her that the drunk cut in line. 
-After waiting about 40minutes, you will get seated. After that you will have to wait another 15-20 minutes for your server to come take you order. 
-Another 35-40minutes later your food will finally arrive. Sometimes(and this happens a lot also) your food will NEVER arrive, and you will have to complain to the servers. They somehow lose your orders a lot here. If your order does come, many times the order will be WRONG. This is a headache because now you will have to wait another 30 minutes for the right one to come out.
-Once the server takes your order, you will NEVER see another server come around ever again. If you want srirachi or water...tough luck because no ones is gonna get it for you! No one will ever even come around 1 time to check up on you or ask you if there is anything you need. Yet, these people still expect a tip?
-If there is a mistake with the bill(example-they charged you for something you didn't order-And this happens here a lot too), the staff speaks such limited English that is will take forever for you to get them to understand  what your problems is.


Now the thing I see a lot is that many people will complain about all of the things I listed above. They will complain about how bad the service is, yet they will still leave a tip! By leaving a tip you are just encouraging them to keep up their rude, lazy and incompetent service.  Okay I will admit that The food here at Ping Pang Pong is the best Chinese Food in the world....So it is only justified that the service should meet up to the standards of how good the food is. So my solution to end the bad service here for good is to STOP TIPPING until they learn. 

I know the management reads these things. They know who I am. I am the guy who wears the Burberry Coats and I usually show up with  2 extremely tall Japanese and Korean-Americans. We come almost every week.

.....btw, the service is so slow that expect to be here for 2-3 hours.
An overrated stinkhole that failed to deliver good service and food. I wanted to leave this place as soon as we got the check. I looked on at gamblers with envy, at least they had the potential to get their money back. The glitzy massive billboards and numerous reviews that laud this place as one of the best Chinese food restaurants are misleading. Maybe that distinction was right in the past but I couldn't find anything that would qualify as "best".  I should've known with a name like Ping Pang Pong. 

The problems began in the beginning. Once seated we were ignored for a good time and my sister had to get up and ask for drinks. The food that came was unmemorable and smelled odd, even for a Chinese restaurant. The Cantonese Princess Chicken was cold, bony, and slathered in oil. Our noodle dish was over seasoned with curry powder and had a pungent odor. It left my stomache feeling uneasy as I was driving home. The only food I liked was the sauteed Chinese brocolli and soup, unfortunately that's not enough to warrant a visit. Overall, I wouldn't recommend coming here especially when there are plenty of better options in the valley.
The food & dim sum was just ok, nothing special sigh. Got there around 2pm so most the dessert stuff was all gone. So if your a dessert person go early. Was waiting for the tea person and they came towards almost the end of our meal. I was a bit upset about that. We didn't even get any water or anything.

Also I love rice noodle shrimp but their rice noodle skin is thick which I don't like and they don't have the sweet soy sauce sauce its a sesame oil with sugar water. Doesn't taste good but the shrimps are big and de-veined so that's good somewhat hehee. Some dim sum things they changed to make a little twist or something but I think I'm kind of old fashion when it comes to Dim Sum unless it's new desserts hehee. 

Order a lot of dim sum stuff and nothing was like wow.
Order some fried rice and it was so oily and almost no favor =T 
I wouldn't go back to eat unless it was comp.
When it comes to the dim sum: Har gow, shiu mai, sesame balls, chicken feet, pai guat, mango puddng, and all that other stuff of deliciousness, this is probably one of the cleaner, more efficient places I've been to. It's small so it's not chaotic. Plenty of food to go around and order. 

For a chinese restaurant, the service is pretty decent. People are attentive enough to notice that a cart moving around isn't enough to meet all your needs... If you want to order off the menu, they got some pretty decent choices too.

For food, convenience, service, cleanliness, 4-stars.
Not a food snob when it comes to trying Asian, but I will not eat at PF Changs.  There is something to be said about Asian restaurants- they aren't corporate American. They don't care to know who you are, they just want to serve good food at a good price and get you the hell out.  I love it!

Walk in and find the cashier. She will show you to a clean table without even saying anything. The server assistant will come around and ask if you want a beverage. Tip: don't order the wine. It's served from a twist cap single serving 6 pack. My friend almost threw up. HAHA. The server comes by and asks if we're ready to order. We were. The food came out about 10 minutes later, if that.

The food is shareable so be careful how much you order. One plate of rice is good for 4 people and two entrees is good for 4 people. I looked at the cooks to notice none of them talking, they were just busting out the food. The server checked on us once and then asked if we wanted to go boxes. They brought them over, boxed up the food and we paid.

If you go to an Asian restaurant and it's full of Asians then they must be doing something right. This place is full of them.
Everytime I go to Las Vegas, I would find a morning to have dim sum at Ping Pang Pong.  Even I live in LA, a place have tons of dim sum restaurant.  For my taste preference, Ping Pang Pong offers much better taste than any other dim sum place in LA.
You should go early unless you want to wait for at least an hour.
Wandered around this place half a year ago. Took a look at the menu near the entrance and thought this is probably a very Americanized Chinese restaurant. Half a year later, I was driving around town and noticed a billboard saying they're voted the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. 

So I gave them a try. The first thing came to my mind - Gold Coast is better than I thought. After minutes of walking through the casino, I finally made it to the restaurant. It's an open space meaning people outside can see inside. The tables are placed in an traditional way and may seem to be too closed to each other if you expect more privacy. 

I had no idea they had a long line waiting outside. I was there for at least half an hour. By the time I left there was no line. They did have a waitress come out and ask for party size but I don't think it helped at all.

It was lunch time, so beside regular menu, they have lots of dim-sum served as well. Actually people go there just for the dim-sum for lunch. I had 9 dishes plus one dessert. (yes I ate it all by myself) Not very good, but not bad either. Also had a mushroom tofu which I couldn't finish there, it was pretty yummy. 

I expected the bill to be around 70, but surprisingly it was 47 after tax. Some of the dim-sum I ordered were only 2.88 and some are 3.88, not even close to the price I thought it would be. (Dim-sums are divided into two categories. Every time you get something, they stamp on your paper accordingly) 

I laughed when I got the bill.The pronunciation of 8 in Chinese is similar to "get rich". The pricing is pretty authentic to Chinese culture.
Ping Pang Pong is best dim sum place in Vegas except Jasmine in Bellagio. I've lived in Los Angeles for 15 years and I am telling you this is a really good dim sum place but you have to come here early. You have to come here before noon time (they open at 10am) to have most fresh and tasty dim sum. My fav dishes are sausage bao, custard tarts, porridge, pearl rice balls,har gow,scallions and chicken feet.

The only reason can bring me to gold coast hotel is having dim sum at Ping Pang Pong and hot pot at Noodle Exchange. Otherwise I would never step into this hotel because the environment. However I keep coming back here for food twice a month. Now you can figure out how much I enjoy their food :)
My comments are pretty much the same as everyone elses - excellent food... slow, methodical service. Take a patience pill and you will have an excellent meal
This is my absolute favourite Chinese restaurant EVER!  I like it so much I used the British way of spelling favorite. Imagine that! A 'u' right in the centre of the word!

I always get the Singapore noodles whilst restraunting (it's a verb, too) this place. My flavourite (coined a new word) dish is the walnut prawns.
Best Dim Sum in Las Vegas. It's actually affordable here considering its in a casino.I love the name...everything this is made pretty fresh and Sunday's it gets busy so be prepared to wait...
I did not expect much when going into the Gold Coast. 

This was definitely an experience I would recommend to everyone.

For starters we had siopao and also ordered West Lake Beef Soup. Wow that a very tasty beef soup loaded with various vegetables. 

I ordered the Cantonese duck. Must say that was the best duck dish I ever had set my mouth into. For $12.95 it was a steal!

My wife had the lamb tenderloin. I've never had lamb tenderloin before this, and was very impressed with the taste & texture of the lamb. Was cooked perfectly. The vegetables mixed in with this dish could not have been a better choice.

For 2 people at dinner, we paid just over $50. Not terrible considering the quality we received.
Just came back from Vegas.  Got to try this dim sum place second time around and decided to write a review.  The dim sum tastes freshly made.  Flavor is good.  Price is reasonable.  Its located inside Gold Coast casino Las Vegas.  Get there for dim sum early, like around 10:30 -11:30.  It gets busy around noon and usually there is a line.  Cann't recommand anything specific.  Overall the food was good.  Will go there again next time in Vegas.
Service was HORRIBLE!!!  How the hell do you serve the entrees WITHOUT the rice?  Or serve the adults drinks, and NOT the kids??  The food wasn't GREAT..but I'm from Cali, and know what GREAT Chinese food tastes like.  I'm NEVER going back there.
It's your average Chinese restaurant. The dishes aren't extraordinary as it's the same as anywhere else in Chinatown. (Maybe it's because I'm from San Francisco, and our Chinese food here is BOMB.) The location is just much nicer, since it's located inside a casino. The utensils and the restaurant is really clean.
I have been to Ping Pang Pong for Dim Sum and it was ok.  I do not remember it being great as I love dim sum and will drive almost an hour to China Town in Los Angeles to have it.  And I have never gone out of my way to drive a few minutes to have dim sum at Ping Pang Pong.  Tonight my husband and I had dinner at Ping Pang Pong.  It was awful.  Not bad awful, terrible awful.  I had the Chilean sea bass which was deep fried in greasy oil.  Seems they deep fried it to avoid the fishiness.  But it did not take away the fishy taste.  My husband had the duck and it was not great.  He was hungry after the duck and we ordered the Gobo Beef dish.  it was so awful we both took a bite and that was it.  Left the entire dish.  We have eaten lots of meals and I have never seen my husband leave a full plate of food.  Service was not great but that never is an issue if the food is good.  The quality of the fish and duck and meat was crap.  The reviews for the dim sum were all pretty good, but having tried the food over dinner, there's no way we will ever go back there.  Still burping from that meal and I think I may be seeing it come back up very soon.
Shrimp ball,shrimp buns,fried shrimp,steamed shrimp...Shrimp Buffet n Noodles!!haha A whole bunch of small dishes with a BIG price tag!Its VEGAS and if yor craving the far east jump in the cab and say "olympic garden!"oh youre Hungry??!! i thought u said something else!haha Go to panda express and use the rest of yo loot on some designer socks.
Definitely good but not great.  If your looking for a safe bet at the Gold Coast this is definitely a good choice.
This place has hands down the best pork buns in the universe. If you had a spaceship named the Millenium Falcon, you still could not travel far enough in this universe to find better pork buns. I could have eaten 100 of them. Everything else was very good too. I had never tried that rice porridge stuff before, but my girl got some from the dim sum cart and that stuff is way better than it looks lol. Everything we got was really very good, but the pork buns just blew me away. Every time I go to Vegas for the rest of my life, I will eat at this restaurant and probably pig out on the pork buns in the most disgustingly gluttonous way possible lol. I can't stop thinking about them. sooooo good. Ambiance is very nice too, and the service was very friendly and attentive.
we ordered there orange chicken, kong pao chicken, and there beef medallions 
the orange chicken was down right nasty. i wouldnt recc it to anyone. 
the kong pao chicken was decent but not good.
and the beef medallions were ok

i wouldnt go back unless it was really late at night and there was little to no options but its def not something that youd be running back to.
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Great authentic Chinese food tucked away in a casino off the strip (Gold Coast). If you find yourself staying at the Rio or Palms, it is a worthwhile walk. It's worth a drive from anywhere else.

I went there twice on my last trip to Vegas. The first time I got jellyfish and calamari with veggies in a hot sauce (a chef's special). I admit I was drawn to it for its "weirdness," but also to prove to myself that it doesn't matter what you order. If you have an open mind, this place is a foodie adventure. Anyway, this dish was great. I started with the squab and pork lettuce cups, which were a little heavy on the lettuce, but they really didn't skimp on the meat either. Perfect amount of salt and tangy. Again, really good.

My second night there I had the Cantonese sausage fried rice and lamb tenderloin (more along the lines of what I would usually order) and it was very flavorful. Across the board, they do a great job with balancing flavors - hot and sweet, and a little hint of ginger when you are not expecting it. 

Also, you gotta love $3.50 Tsing Tao beer...

Service is a little spotty, but I was dining alone and checking email/Facebook in the gaps, so I got by alright.

I highly recommend this place. Especially if your idea of Chinese food is that it should come out of a cardboard box. This is the kind of place that proves this cuisine can be as good as any other in a sit down restaurant setting.
I love dim sum and tried this place to be different than visiting my usual haunts.  It was not anything special and is at the bottom of ratings to the other places in Las Vegas for dim sum.  The restaurant is small and carts are packed with varieties but too easy to overlook favorites.  Also, the carts may not be able to hold everything so a server comes around separately to offer a dish and they often pass over a table.

The deal breaker?  They charge for tea.  Are you serious?!!

Won't be back, I'll return to my favorite dim sum places where I know they will not be trying to gouge us thinking we are tourists.
This place came highly recommended from our taxi cab driver and we were a bit skeptical.  He reassured us that the place had the best dim sum in town and everyone who ate there were Asian and he's pretty much the only white guy.  Not being racist, but that's a good sign!  

Food wise: The ladies come around in their carts and it's typical dim sum.  Some were good and some were re-steamed.  You can always tell because the shell at this point is a bit too mushy or it has a texture that you know it wasn't so fresh.  Nonetheless there was a good selection.

Atmosphere:  Yes, it can get packed and yes, there were a lot of Asians that dined here.  I almost felt like I was back in Hong Kong with people just talking super loud and being kinda rude.  Haha...

Bottom line: If dim sum is what you're looking for and you want something a little more authentic, this is an option.  I know the casinos on the strip has plenty of Asian restaurants, but it's more catered to the "tourists" crowd.  This feels a little more homey.
Hungover from a crazy night in the Heffner Suite? Walk over to ping pang pong for some awesome congee to take the sting off.

My girlfriend and I went twice over the weekend and both times they completely hit the spot with har gow, congee, and hot mustard.
ching chong ling long ting tong.

english translation: soh gud!!
Ping Pang Pong.

We used to make so much fun of this place, because let's face facts... the name sounds very racist. Does anyone know what it means, because I'd like to know.

I had a comp room at Gold Coast, and my usual eateries there are the Buffet (which is alright) or TGI Fridays, or I walk across the street to the Rio Buffet. This trip I decided I had a hankering for Chinese food, but I wasn't brave enough to go down a few blocks to Spring Mountain for the real authentic stuff, so I decided to go to the place we all joked about, Ping Pang Pong.

I was pleasantly surprised.

The service was great! Everyone was smiling with quick, prompt service. They were knowledgeable about their food too. I had the Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice, which had shrimp, scallops, and calamari in it. It was so tasty, and I filled up quite quickly.

I'm not quite sure on the authenticity of the food, I am certainly not the judge on that. But the food was good. Price was a tad high but certainly the food delivered.
This 4 star is only for being the best dim sum place in Vegas, but if you compare to the ones in Cali or Hong Kong, this place is just... ok. It's really hard to find a good place to eat dim sum in Vegas.

But whenever I want dim sum, this is the go-to place, don't even risk trying the other ones, cuz you might want your money back :p

This review is only for the dim sum dishes, cuz I don't eat noodles or other entrees when I go for dim sum :) The dim sums are pretty good, but they only have a limited selection, I like it more when there is more varieties. The other thing is that this place is inside a casino, and the only thing that goes between you and the casino floor is a fence, so you always smell people smoking or people looking, kind of awkward... Also, I hate that this place only sells Portuguese egg tart on weekends, where the hell is my Hong Kong style egg tart?!?!?!
This restaurant is known for their dim sum, but we came here and ordered individual dinner plates.  This restaurant was very packed and on top of that, it's located inside a casino.  

Overall, the food was okay and just like any other Chinese restaurant out there.  I will definitely come back for dim sum the next time I'm in town.
Came here because I was told this is one of the good dim sum places in Vegas.  I'll be honest, I had better.  The wait time to get dim sum such as the chicken feet, tripe, spare ribs, etc took about :30mins since we were seated.  The tripe and spare ribs were bland.  Only good thing was the fried rice and noodles.
We came on a friday night and got a couple individual dinner plates. I ordered the Gabo beef and beef chow fun for ~27.

- Gabo beef was very delicious Although the portion seemed small, it was very fulfilling. the meat even appeared dry, but turned out to be juicy. It was tender and quite flavorful. 
- Beef chow fun was pretty good and the portion was generous. Kind of unremarkable. Not too oily. No real unique taste.
- Free hot tea :)
- Fast service. Quick with refills.
- If you see a lot of old asian grand ma's and pop's, then you know its legit! lol
- It's pleasant enough for me to come back and try their dim sum. 
- For dinner, I'd opt for wendy's noodle cafe.

:)!
Not bad at all.  The standard dishes - chinese broccoli, xiu mai, ha cao, chicken feet, black bean pork ribs, steamed bbq pork bun, shrimp wrapped in thick rice noodle, chinese donut wrapped in rice noodle - were all a-ok.  The rice and chicken served in a vertical bamboo cup was tasty; flavors were similar to Vietnamese 'com ga', with ginger, light soy, and chicken.  The xiu mai had orange/yellow 'eggs' on it which tasted like crab innards/tomal/mustard; rich and super flavorful.  All the dumplings were packed with meat and/or seafood and not a lot of fillers (yay!).  The only downside is that the offerings are limited/uninspired; just the basics.  I'd come back if I were in LV and craving dim sum.

Other important info: small establishment, push cart servers, prices are higher than CA but definitely reasonable, located inside Gold Coast Hotel off the Strip next to RIo and across from the Palms.
Ping Pang Pong? Pong Pong Pong? Pang Ping Pong? Pong Ping Pang?

Yum dom cha, sik goh bao! If you don't know this reference, its from Jin.

Anyways, Ping Pang Pong was the very first restaurant I dined at in Sin City. They had a massive dining area with dim sum cart ladies running around like mad. My friend's mom had ordered chicken feet at least 10 times and none of which were fulfilled. Might I add that I also like chicken feet? So I was also disappointed when we came up empty handed.

The dim sum here was okay, nothing special.
My family doesn't really like to go out to Chinese restaurants very often since my dad was once a Chinese chef and knows how to cook dishes very well himself. When we do go out or get take-out however, it's always from 'Ping Pang Pong' (still don't understand the logic of this name choice..). He always raves how this is a really good Chinese restaurant and they cook their dishes with all the right ingredients and proportions. The pricing is very suitable too. You would assume being inside a casino, they would charge more than the actual dish is worth, but the price range is about $6-8 for a good portion of food per dish. 

My dad would be the one to know all the technical stuff with what is a good quality Chinese dish and bad quality. The reason why I know this restaurant really lives up to the 'Best Chinese Restaurant' awards plastered around the entrance is because the traffic that I have seen come in and out of this restaurant, and the number of to-go orders that are bunched up on their large counter space everytime I am here. It's ridiculous! We've had to wait a good 45 minutes for our to-go order (3 dishes) to come out, so my advice is if you're looking for some take-out.. make sure you order way ahead of time of when you expect to actually eat.

Had dimsum the other day and they don't have a wide variety of options but for what they do have, it's superb quality in my opinion! Really loved their turnip cake. Best I've ever had! 

4 instead of 5 stars is just because I wish their floor space was a little larger and had more selection of dimsum items, but as for their quality of food.. 5 stars for sure.
Food is pretty good but service is horrible. Got sat quickly and it took them about 15 minutes to ask what we wanted to drink, at the same we said we were ready to order and the person just walks away and another 15 - 20 minute wait on just order. So the order is put in for roast duck, fried rice and walnut shrimp. We start eating and drinking our sodas and no one comes by with refills so at this point I just want to eat and leave but nope. They just walk by and don't acknowledge us at all. So I had to get up and pay for the meal at the front desk and tell them straight up I'm not tipping them. The girl at the counter just looks and me and doesn't say anything at all. I will not be dining there at all in the future until they know how to treat their customers. I wasn't the only unhappy person either another table was pissed they couldn't order either. I hope they don't expect people to go back just because of the food. Order to go or something if you really want to eat there.
Everyone was raving about Ping Pang Pong, and after a having a good meal at the Noodle Exchange the night before I was looking forward to trying them out. During lunch hours they have Dim Sum, if you love mostly shrimp dishes, then it's for you. I wasn't that thrilled with it, I did check out the lunch menu, but there wasn't anything that jumped out at me, I think I missed the boat on Ping Pang Pong, should have gone during dinner time.
Not sure if I ever reviewed this place yet or not.  If it weren't for the shrimp cakes dim sum then this place would have no stars.  I have to say I will never come back to this place again for the horrible customer service.  I went there to try to place a to go order and the person at the cash register said they were still closed but it was just another 10 mins so we waited patiently outside the entrance.  A heard of people came out of nowhere and after we were already standing behind a person, which I was there before they got there.  I still waited behind.  After the person had his order taken the cashier rudely had said she would not take our order that we had to wait behind the long line of people.  And I told her you seen me I was here before all these people even showed up.  Wow I bet if I was an older couple I bet she would have took our order anyway.   That is just poor customer service and lacking hospitality.  I will make sure I let everyone and anyone know that these people or at least the cashier who opened up the shift today on a Sunday evening is more of a reason for a food aficionado like me be pissed enough to bring my business and loyalty else where.  Yep unprofessional and never will go there again...  I'm hoping they are not  directly connected to the gold coast since one of my best friends was previously an hr director there... its a shame!
I love their dim sum! So far it's my favorite place in town for it. I'm a shrimp fan and they have so many options for me. The coconut buns and sesame balls are delicious. This is a place that any dim sum fan should try at least once.

I haven't tried their regular menu items, but I've heard great things. I intend on checking this place out for dinner so I can see for myself.
This restaurant is small, clean and is conveniently located inside the Gold Coast casino. It's average, I've had better service and quality food elsewhere.
I met a friend from Canada for dinner at Ping Pang Pong tonight.  My only other dining experience here was with the same friend about 4 years ago.

We ordered three dishes to share:  The Singapore rice noodles were excellent.  There was a fair number of shrimp and some small slices of pork along with onions.  The curry flavor was good.  For my taste, I could have used a bit more.  We got an order of wrinkled green beans.  I don't think they were seared as much as they should have been to make them wrinkled.  They were crisp.  Their flavor was very good.  Finally, we got the half roasted Cantonese duck.  The flavor of the duck was a winner, too!  I'm not a big fan of duck when it's on the bone, but this was cooked well.  

Service was good.  My iced tea refilled often without asking.  We did have to ask a server to bring us some clean plates so we could get rid of some of the duck bones.  

The one drawback of Ping Pang Pong was the loudness of the place for the first 1/3 of the hour and a half we were there.  It was so noisy from people talking loudly and the kitchen staff, filling orders for take out and yelling the orders to each other.

I do like the place and I will be back if only for the Singapore noodles.  That was my highlight of the meal!

PS:  I love the name.  I can't help think of Puccini and Turandot!  Addio amore, addio razza....
I freaking love this place! This restaurant is located inside the Gold Coast Casino.. 

My auntie and I would always come here for lunch time. They have a descent lunch menu. All entrees for around 6-7$ and it includes the soup and rice and the entree itself. 

We usually order:

 the black bean chicken. Which is to die for. Really good seasoning and sauce

Chinese broccoli, really crunchy and steamed to perfecftion

salt and pepper pork chops, so damn good!

PIang Pang Pong also offers Dim Sum we tried a couple entrees it was ok they had some stuff that werent on your typical dim sum menu i guess they added a few things since there are so many Chinese customers they had to be competitive.

I would highly recommend coming during lunch time the menu is cheap and you get your money's worth and it is pretty good overall.

Just expect it to be crowded and packed with a bunch of Asians.

If you are expecting to have a business meeting i would not recommend it this place is LOUD and I literally was screaming at my aunt in all our conversations.
Tourist trap. Food is bland. Customer service is awful. Selection is poor. Prices are EXTREMELY HIGH for dim sum.
I got to eat free dim sum two times while staying at the Gold Coast so I figured I would write a review of this place.  The food here is good.  I especially liked the shrimp balls on the bamboo sticks.  Choy sum with garlic was also good but the plate of choy sum was huge and I couldn't eat all of it. ( Good problem)  I thought it was funny they charge 50 cents for hot tea but I wasn't paying so i didn't care.  I had a soup with beef and mushrooms I think it was ok but the mushrooms tasted weird.  Egg rolls and charsui ba was good.  Service was soso, normal Chinese restaurant where they are pushy and can't understand how much your bill is until the end of the meal.  Overall good and I would go again if I have a comp again at the gold coast.
I have been harboring some nasty suspicions for some time, and last night, I think my worst fears were confirmed. I am just a regular, non-ethnic white girl. I cannot eat the food that they actually eat in Japan and China. When I am served chicken at a restaurant that is cold (on purpose), yellow, still has the skin on, and has chopped up bones in it, I don't even want to take a bite.Fried pieces of pork that still have the fat on them do not appeal to me. A soup that is served with a huge bone in it with tiny scraps of meat and fat clinging to it does not look appetizing. In the spirit of adventure, I ate a few bites of everything, and it wasn't disgusting or anything, just meh.

In fairness, Ping Pang Pong also has some of the traditional American-y dishes you can get at your local Chinese takeout, but we were looking to branch out and try some new things. I'm not upset with the restaurant - I'm sure this is excellent preparation of Princess Chicken or Salt & Pepper Porkchops - they just aren't for me.

We also tried the singapore noodles, which were kinda like your standard Lo Mein, and some fried rice, which I thought was really good. Our final order was the wrinkled green beans, and they were also good. Overall, we mostly stuck to the noodles and the rice. 

Our 6 dishes and 2 drinks ran about $80, so it's higher than your average takeout place, but still reasonable. We had enough food to easily feed 4 people.

The atmosphere inside is nice - kind of like any casino restaurant between casual and fine dining. The drawback there is that it's open to the extremely smoky Gold Coast casino floor.
Ping Pang Pong was way more authentic than I had expected for an off-the-strip casino restaurant. The Boyd casino group (Orleans, Gold Coast, California, etc) tends to have pretty weak restaurants on its properties. This was the exception. The menu was very broad and reminded me a lot more of Chinatown than Panda Express. If I find myself on the Boyd shuttle route again, I will definitely consider PPP.
WOW. Amazing asian food! We are all vegetarians, (dairy and egg are OK) and looked at the menu, almost left. We asked the very nice waitress and she said they can make anything vegetarian.. We ordered hot and sour soup (EXCELLENT), Veggie fried rice and Veggie lomein noodles and veggie egg rolls... everything tasted perfect and was served on time, hot. Great waitress service also.
Do not let the location fool you! Ping Pang Pong is a hidden gem. The dim sum was some of the best I have had outside of HK. The service was friendly and everything was very fresh and expertly cooked. Be sure to try the lor bak go and the beef cheung fun. Outstanding!
I've eaten here a few times. First time I went it was horrible. We ended up walking out. But I gave it another try. The food is really good and the prices are very reasonable. Dim sum here is as good as it gets in Vegas. One of the few Chinese restaurants I'll go to in Vegas.
Brought the parents here at opening time, and it was good that we made it almost on time, as a line quickly formed outside.

Very decent dim sum service, with the carts and everything.  Quality of the food was good, though the selection could have been a little better.  We are always on the lookout for slightly non-standard dim sum, and though there were rumors of some interesting things, what we saw was the basics.  Price to quality ratio was really good compared to anywhere on the strip.

It's not quite high end.  Service and food are on par with places in other cities with a big Chinese population.  I have no problem with the idea that this is the best dim sum in Las Vegas.
Orchid Garden is a thing of the past. Ping Pang Pong's dim sum is far superior!

I would much prefer coming here because of the nicer ambiance and better quality food. Seems like Orchid is going downhill for my taste. They serve everything here for what is seemingly cheaper and better tasting. Word to the wise though, as with all dim sum places, come well before 1:30pm or else they'll be fresh out of everything. They refused to make any more dim sum items after that point.
Dim Sum restaurant hidden @ Gold Coast.  If you are craving good dim sum Pin Pang Pong is the place to go.  They have a mediorcre selection of dim sum, probably more on the weekends.  The wait isn't too bad, but if they can have a greater selection of dim sum it would be better.
I wondered about a casino Dimsum, but look no further.  Gold Coast is an older hotel, but clean and plenty of parking. 

I hate the name but this place is one of the top DimSum in Vegas.  
Inexpensive and quick service.
SOOOO DELISH! I know, I am white so I am obviously not a Dim Sum afficianado however, my aunt (who is Chinese) is and this is where she takes us for dim sum in Vegas. Thank goodness because sometimes it is hard to understand the servers and vice versa. It has to be good if Chinese people eat there in my humble opinion! And there is almost always a line. The food is AMAZING, very fresh and plenty of it, in fact, you will probably overeat. My favorite are the Cha Siu Baos (there are 2 similar versions, one in a sweet white bun and the other in a darker, flakier, triangle shaped bun with sesame seeds) Both are outta this world! Highly reccomend!
Currently this is my favourite Dim Sum in the US. The prices are dirt cheap in comparison to LA/SF/NYC, and the quality is top notch. The servers with the carts are quite pushy, and you'll need to learn to say no and keep looking for what you want, but it's worth it. Also, there can be some serious language barriers at times, but if it looks good it probably is good and eventually you'll learn what everything is. I never miss this place when in Vegas and I suggest you don't either. Even if you don't have a car with you, it's worth the cab ride.
Went there on a Monday morning for Dim Sum because of the reviews I heard on the web.  Was a little disappointed cause I felt that I've been to better Dim Sum places in Los Angeles.  There was nothing special about the dim sum selection, quality and price.  Maybe going there on a weekday is a miss and weekend is better.  But I've eaten and experienced dim sum better.
I have never visited here but does everyone know that this restaurant is considered one of the best in the nation!!!!!
Finally tried this place because my friends rave about it...and the results are Mehhhhhhhhhhhh... too greasy..I know dim sum can be greasy on its own but wow this stuff was really greasy.. we ordered the typical dishes - shumai, hargow, chicken feet, spareribs, shrimp, rice noodles, and many more but nothing really stood out as outstanding or spectacular.  rather than wait long for this place and prob spend more money - just drive down the street to Chinatown... it'll probably be better..but hey I can say I tried this place now...
It's very decent.  I wanted to check out dim sum in Las Vegas.  We came on a Saturday morning, and at the stroke of 10, when they open, a number of tables were already filled.  They have the standard dishes, including two types of jook.  We left probably an hour or so later, and the same carts had rotated around several times.  There were a couple of dishes brought around on trays.  The variety isn't very large, but I liked it better than Five Star Seafood (fka New Capital) in Monterey Park.

It's a good dim sum fix when in Vegas.
Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had!
After much ado about the best Chinese restaurant in town, we ventured over to Ping Pang Pong for dinner last night. The food was okay, but the service was absolutely terrible. It took the waiter 20 minutes to take our drink order and the food came out dish by dish (only 4 dishes including fried rice) in a one hour time span.  Then it took another 20 minutes to order an additional drink.  Our dinner ended up lasting over 2 hours because the service was incredibly slow. I will not be returning.
The food was really nothing special. The staff were very nice. The place was super noisy. Really to Lou to talk without yelling.
Since my previous review, I've had several great experiences at PPP. The food is very good and cheap. 

One of the best off-the-strip restaurants in Vegas.
Great dim sum place inside the gold coast casino. If you are brave enough to take in second hand smoke then go for this Chinese restaurant. Service is fast. Once you are seated the dim sum carts would come to you like flies. They are great tasting esp the congee and shrimp dumplings.
Cheap  and affordable.
This place has grown into one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Vegas, for a couple dishes, entrees, and appetizers its a good $100 plate, the prices are reasonable and the food is mouth-watering. I enjoy the shrimp chow mein & the chicken fried rice has the perfect amount of salt & seasoning. The sauces with the Kung pao & honey walnut shrimp are out of this world! On weekends the kitchen closes at 3.
Two friends and I dined at Ping Pang Pong this week for dinner, and our expectations could not have been higher. I lived in China briefly and one of my accompanying friends is from the Philippines and her mother makes incredible Asian cuisine. So, when we heard that PPP was one of the most authentic and well-received Chinese restaurants in America, we couldn't wait to try it.

Immediately, I was pleased with our server, who noticed we were ordering things without meat and asked if we were vegetarians. We said yes, and she informed us that many of the items were cooked with chicken broth, but said she'd ensure it wasn't used in our dishes. Unfortunately, we concluded that the chicken broth must be Ping Pang Pong's top secret ingredient, because we were rather disappointed in our food! It pains me to say I've had better tasting meals at Panda Express.

Here's what we ordered and my thoughts on it:
-Wrinkled Green Beans: Bland, but nothing a little extra hot sauce couldn't fix. 
-Ma Po Tofu: Good seasoning but we would have preferred a firmer tofu over the squishy one.
-Sauted Lotus Root: The fact it was described as "pungent" on the menu should have been a red flag. It was too crunchy and the taste of vinegar was over-whelming.
-Shanghai Noodles: We got it without the pork, and it was basically oily ramen. Big portions a plus, though.
-Rice: Dried out and hard!  
-Iced Chrysanthemum tea: It was akin to drinking potted plant water.
-Fresh Coconut Juice: It was on the menu, but apparently not available. I hate it when that happens.

Ultimately, I was disappointed with Ping Pang Pong and don't plan on returning. Another patron might have better luck ordering Dim Sum or a meat dish, as apparently both have been praised. However, I'll stick to other establishments/fly to China the next time I want authentic noodles/have my friend's mom cook for me! :D
I am giving this place a bit more credit, being in Vegas and all (which is usually a downer for me because I'm from the NYC area, food capital of the world!).  

DIM SUM: Let me just say, the dim sum here surpasses any in the area.  I've been to KJ in the Rio, Chang's, and Cathay House.  Ping Pang Pong has the best variety, quickest service, and the food is actually served HOT, which is important to me.  Some of the other dim sum places will throw plates of cold food at you, which is unacceptable!  I am a huge fan of dim sum so we will be frequenting this place for just that.  

DINNER: MUST TRY THE LOBSTER OVER NOODLES. Honestly, I don't know if I ever need to order anything else here. Their lobster is fan-TAS-tic. Best way to eat here is order "family-style"... just order a good variety of fish (the sea bass is great), vegetables, and meat.... and SHARE!

Overall, I enjoyed all of their food and their "standard Chinese service", meaning the service isn't usually top-notch at an Asian joint.  The pricing is higher than most places in Chinatown because it is located inside a casino (even though the casino is just Gold Coast). Hey, if they can get away with it, more power to them.
Apparently this place has been rated Vegas' #1 Chinese restaurant a number of times and I know why! Despite being tucked away in the Gold Coast casino this place was packed with Chinese & English speakers alike. 
My boyfriend and I got the pot stickers which were incredible. The filling was way more flavorful and, well, filling, than other pot stickers I've had. Every bite had a nice amount of it.
We then shared the Night Market Fried Rice. Holy macaroni! A substantial plate of rice with a good amount of beef in it for $10?! The ingredients were fresh, providing a taste that was less heavy-laden than most fried rice. The beef was fresh as well - beef can sometime make my stomach go topsy-turvy, but it didn't this time - indicating quality beef cooked properly. 
I wish this place was in my hometown. I'd like to visit them regularly.
Not great.  Not terrible.  We all presumed that a Chinese restaurant catering to what appeared on this night to be 95% Asian community would have hit all the right notes.

San Pan Tiger Prawns were very good.  Head, legs, and tail on.  Spiced just right.  Fried enough that legs crunched to powder and head held together and juicy.

Ma Po Tofu with Pork was edible.  Not good.  There were flavors missing.  The heat was right with Szechuan pepper.  Its just that no other flavors seemed present.  Lots of tofu not enough pork. Bland.

Noodles were completely tasteless.

Mo Shoo Pork was excellent.  No question.  It came as an appetizer.  Two large pre-filled rices pancakes.  At first bite i realized it needed Hoisin sauce. The next bite made me realize I needn't ask for it as it was already in there.  Wood ear mushrooms even.  Plenty of pork and veggies.

The price for all this was under $60.  Myself and two Partners-in-Dine would have been happier if the food tasted as good as those few dishes did.

When we were ready to pay our check there were no servers on the floor. We realized an entire table of six or seven eating dinner one table over from ours were the entirety of floor STAFF having dinner together.

We had to get up and pay at the register waiting in line behind several other diners waiting to pay their bills.  I think under normal circumstances we would have paid our server.  What happened tonight I am not sure.

I don't believe any of us were so in love or even like with our food that we would go out of our way to return.
The food was a bit Americanize to my liking, i had better authentic Chinese food at KJ's kitchen
not bad at all as the dim sum was great and awesome.  We had a great time eating it which is great.  We enjoyed it a lot.  unfortunately they kept on forgetting our table which was bad that was the only bad part.  the food was not bad at all would actually come here again
My family tried this place since my sister was raving about ping pang pong that it is one of the best Dimsum in Vegas. As per the quality of the food its great. I think this is the only Dimsum place in Las Vegas that has an open kitchen. Definitely will come back to try other delicacies so we can make comparisons with other dimsum places that we like in this  town.
Pretty decent dim sum and the Chinese broccoli is just what the doctor ordered after the strip's deep fried, broiled meat culture! The casino itself is a little ragged, but the samplings were varied and the next cart was never too far away! Now, if we could have just chopsticked the kid's lurking from the casino side all would have been well with the world and our dim sum!
PINGing with excitement, we were thrilled to try out some dim sum while in Vegas. We ate here with some friends that had lived in Vegas and said this was one of the best places for dim sum. We arrived here around noon, and there was a bit of a wait, since there is limited space in the restaurant, especially for large parties of more than 4. Ignoring our PANGs of hunger, we waited patiently. It probably took us about 20-30 minutes to get seated. 

While the selection is more limited than other dim sum restaurants, they have some items with a unique twist (Such as shu mai with fish roe topping), as well as your standard dim sum items like sticky rice in lotus leaf, fried taro cake, chicken feet, spare ribs, congee, and bao. 

The items were hot, and fresh tasting. The carts went by at a decent rate, but we were warned that you should get any items you wanted while the cart was there, since you might not see that cart again. Prices were a bit high compared to other restaurants I've eaten at (3-4 dollars per item average), but that was to be expected for dim sum in a Vegas casino.

Service was a bit spotty, but to be expected since the restaurant was filled to capacity with hungry diners. Waiters were buzzing back and forth, like a ball in a PONG game, filling water, getting more tea, and getting people's checks.

So if you're hungry for dim sum, this restaurant is a good choice. If you are with a larger party though, it helps to come here before noon when it's less crowded.
Say what? 3.5 stars at 279 reviews? I think not! This place deserves a 10 if it was possible! The vibe is as follows: downtown, somewhere in the middle of a Chinatown - not in Vegas but more of some big port city (like NYC or SF) - duck-in-amidst bustling streets filled with shrimp merchants and trinket salespeople. Yeah- but it IS in Vegas! It's amazing how one can be transported someplace completely different just by a meal. That, of course, occurs when the meal is done right. 

We enjoyed the dim sum, and thank goodness we started going back to the gym. I say this because we had a bit more of a guilt-free attitude as we looked over a packed table filled with our favorite dim sum dishes-all cooked to perfection with rustic Chinese authenticity in mind. 

We started with tofu and shrimp balls, covered in hot peppers. Now, I hate tofu. My wife is very good at encouraging me to try new things, so with a little hesitation, I took a bite. Awesome! I had more, and my wife and I faced off for the last one. She won, however I had some shrimp balls hanging around waiting to be devoured, so all was not lost. We had the skinny noodle chow mein (huge portion....finished it). Amazing! For one thing, it was brought to our table steaming hot. The flavors consisted of aromatic young onion, assorted Chinese vegetables, covered in tasty fried bean sprouts. 

I could write paragraph on top of paragraph in order to describe the amazing tastes of each item we had, but don't have all day. 

I HAVE to mention those sesame balls! DAYUMMM! Not only were they the best ever, but my wife and I went into some sort of weird blissful state as we polished off both plates and washed them down with the yummy Chinese tea. We had to sit there and take it all in before composing ourselves and finally getting the courage to face rows of slots as we made our way back to the car. 

I also must mention the service. The staff was outstanding and kept our water and tea filled. They took the time to explain each dish in detail. 

Oh, and the prices! Cheap! We were probably about $20 in when we were full, but continued into the $45 range for both of us because the food was that good. 

Ping Pang Pong is the best Chinese I ever had - period, and I really hope people will take notice and place it into 5-star land where it belongs. 

Thanks Ping Pang Pong!!!!
I've never been to Dim Sum in Vegas, but we tried this place based on online reviews.  It's hidden in the back area of the Gold Coast casino and when we walked up to it, there was a line of about 20 people in line which was a good sign.  We were a large party (12 people) and it took about 30 minutes to get seated.  There were lots of chinese people here which again was a good sign.  Once we sat down, it was on.

The quality of the dim sum was pretty high.  The dim sum dishes were all fresh.  I would consider them to be in the upper echelon if we moved this place to the Bay Area.  Would I go back?  Probably.  Prices were reasonable, food was good and it was authentic.
We came here about 3 weeks ago and had Dim Sum.  My family recommended this place to have lunch.  Being chinese and a frequent explorer, I have had my fair share of dim sum.  This place was actually pretty decent.  I enjoyed some of the items here. Some more than others.  I wasn't expecting much since we were in Vegas, but this place did a great job.  Service was great as well.  I must say they make an awesome gai mei bao. The only thing is this place was pretty pricy.  In Los Angeles, you can get some great dim sum for $1 an item!
Went there for a company dinner and was able to sample an array of food. Everything I tasted was excellent!
Overall, this is a decent dim sum.  From a lot of the rave reviews, I expected it to be great, but overall, it was good...a few better spots I've personally tried in town.

We ordered a little bit of everything here, and mostly everything was good and fresh. I always like the pork buns best...and the shrimp balls were all great!  Pic 1 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=efrfFiV1B69HSsTHrftanQ#efrfFiV1B69HSsTHrftanQ  Pic 2 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=5VeaGgX_yFzIrsTKHEcBXw#5VeaGgX_yFzIrsTKHEcBXw

A few items, like the salt and pepper shrimp, felt like they were sitting for a little while, and not as hot as they should be.  Noodles felt a little undercooked or old. But overall, it is a good dim sum here...just not the best I've ran into.  Pic 1 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=2I476tyCWYOdHCyCK54mjQ#2I476tyCWYOdHCyCK54mjQ  Pic 2 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=w-Fvj_9co8NDiyw20WJ4rw#w-Fvj_9co8NDiyw20WJ4rw

Dessert was great...tofu pudding!  One of my favs!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=Waz3sUBj9fP5722r3srzMw#Waz3sUBj9fP5722r3srzMw

I took many more photos...just click the picture link on the top of the review if you would like to check them out.

They are located inside Gold Coast Casino! Check it out for late afternoon dim sum!
I can't believe all the other reviews raving about this place.  I got sucked in by the reviews!!  It was the WORST Chinese food I have ever eaten and the service was not too flash either.  They appeared out of nowhere with our plates of food and just shoved them down on the table without saying anything.  One server almost hit my husband in the side of the face with a plate of food.  

A spring roll dropped on the table and the server just picked it up with her fingers, put it back on the plate and walked off.  We had waited almost half an hour for those spring rolls!! 

I'm never trusting reviews again and I'm NEVER going back to this restaurant again.  Just awful!
Maybe more like 4.25.

It did win some kind of top 10 award for Chinese Restaurants in T + L magazine but other than dim sum, I haven't been to PPP for their regular menu for quite some time.   About 4 or 5 years ago, my sister swore by this place for decent Chinese food. Now it has a lot of competition. So basically, I'm just reviewing their dim sum service.

I had to explain to my husband the difference between AUTHENTIC Chinese food and Chinese food. I've learned that some (not all) that call Panda Express and PF Changs Chinese food may not like AUTHENTIC Chinese food. They are not one and the same.

There is a definite difference in quality compared to other favorite dim sum joints I've been too. PPP is hot & fresh and definitely tasty. I must emphasize HOT because that's the biggest blow for dim sum lovers - cold food! I wouldn't recommend it for 1st time dim summers though unless you speak fluent Chinese. I'm half Asian and can decipher a lot of broken English, but I've had a very difficult time figuring out what the cart ladies say is on their cart. My husband and I are not as adventurous, so we are the types that want to know what we are eating before we eat it....

But once you can identify a food by looking at it, PPP is definitely on the higher end of the spectrum for taste and quality. Their shrimp dumplings for example - are probably the best I've had and when you think about a simple dumpling is made - you have to admire that somewhere in the process, PPP does something spectacular.

The shrimp balls, shumai, pork buns, sticky pork buns - all have a little extra something that sets them above the rest.

The restaurant itself is quaint. You can see the kitchen from your table, and the a lot of what, in most places, is normally behind closed doors. Goldcoast is not the most glamorous of casinos... and the restaurant itself is still a good ways from the parking garage. But if you don't mind walking through the casino and the smoke that comes with it, the location may work for you. 

Plus, if you are a dim sum for breakfast person like me, they do open a bit earlier than a lot places around town 10:00am.

So if you enjoy dim sum, PPP is definitely a must-have on you're list. You just have to, even if it's once.
I have been coming here on and off for a few months. The service at this place gets worse every time we come.  We had to wait over 5 minutes to be seated several servers and the manager just walked by without saying anything.  I then asked the manager should we seat ourselves she said no and then a couple mins later someone came to seat us.  

Once seated the busboy brought our beverages quickly but then had to wait for the server to come over took 10 minutes. 

The appetizer we ordered came out quick, but the rest of our food took over 25 minutes to come out.. server had to many tables in her section.  



yes this is a high volume restaurant but staff for it. stop cutting corners to make more money. more staff = better service 

The food is awesome just bad service.
Another disappointing meal in Vegas :(.

We ordered a variety of dishes: har cherng, sui mai, har gow, cha siu bao, etc.
Yuck. Not good at all.. (I forgot to take pictures because we were so hungry that we just dug into the food right away.) It didn't taste fresh, and the dumpling skin wasn't very soft. The sui mai looked OLD. I eat dim sum quite frequently and this was nowhere near the standards for dim sum in LA! 

The best thing was probably the boiled Chinese broccoli dish (which tastes the same everywhere) and cha siu bao (but I've still had better). Gr.. Eating such horrible dim sum just made me crave better Chinese food in LA. 

Service: It was difficult to find a server to refill our drinks and give us our check. However, the workers are friendly and 

Note: It's located inside Gold Coast Casino. Some advice? Come early! This place isn't too big and there was a line when we arrived around 12:30pm until we left the restaurant a little before 2.
I went here because i was craving dim sum and this one is still reachable with public transportation . The price is a little bit high for typical dim sum place but understandable since they are inside a hotel/casino. The only thing i didn't like it was the location was way back inside the casino and it was a bit hard to find.

I would give the food 4.5 because we really enjoyed the dim sum and the Gobo beef is very very good. It's one of the best beef dishes i've ever had. Luckily, we went in after rush hour so no waiting time and the foods came out pretty quickly. 
I would definitely try this place again when i visit Vegas.
Absolutely enjoy dining in an atmosphere that reminds me of HongKong as a child vacationing with my Mom & Dad. The wait in the line to get a table and seating is not bothersome as watching the activity in the restaurant and seeing the Chinese cooks in their crisp white chef garbs before chinese woks and hot fire, all viewable in the open cooking area. These Chinese cooks whip up authentic Chinese menu! The food servers there to serve and aid in choosing from the menu and answer meal questions. Authentic Chinese cuisine, in that it is not Americanized Chinese food. From seafood, to vegetables, soups, main meat meals and dessert, it could never been any less filling. Best recommendation is to try each and every entree in the menu. In as much as I return dining in this restaurant located inside the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino of the west side of Entertainment City, I have a constant pick which you may want to try. For starters, savor the taste of Savory Minced Squab and Pork Tenderloin (served with hoisin sauce). A Provincial favorite dish is Double-Braised Scallop Hot Pot (whole seared scallops simmering in garlic oyster sauce served in a sealed clay pot) which is just tasteful. A favorite dish is the Singapore Rice Noodles with a taste of curry that reminds me definitely of SIngapore (with vermicelli. shrimp, BBQ pork, onions). Serve me Duck and it sticks in my palate even after it's off the plate into the tummy filling: Plum-Orange Braised Leg of Duck or the Cantonese Roast Duck (Half). The Lobster and Vermicelli Clay Pot steaming in broth, or the Emperor's Seafood Stew (sun-dried abalone, fish maw with supreme sea cucumber all simmered in flavorful broth) or the Manila Clams with Black Bean Sauce definitely sends me to seafood heaven. Develop a taste for the very appetizingly filling Clay Pot & Congee meals is a definite choice: Ginger Mushroom Chicken Rice or the Sausage Duck Confit Rice. For Rice dishes, I always order Cantonese Curry Beef Brisket Stew, or the Chow Fried Rice (with BBQ pork, green onions and shrimp), or the spicy Night Market Fried Rice (with sliced beef, fresh Thai chilies, diced tomatoes, bean sprouts), or Fu Chow Fried Rice (mixed seafood sauted in a light scallion gravy) or the Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice (which reminds me of being in the islands). A vegetable favorite is Sauted Lotus Root (thinly sliced in an sweet and pungent sauce), or the Snow Pea Leaves with Roasted Garlic. Highly recommend "Dim Sum" as it is for me the best bang for your bucks in this entertainment city! A wide array presented in rolling carts pushed around by chinese-garbed food servers all too willing for passing it on to your table from the dim sum cart. Ready for small eats that leaves you wanting more, go Dim Sum! Dim Sum dining is at lunch time. As I have experienced dining here as often as possible, see for yourself why it's been voted many times as "one of the top 10 Chinese restaurants in America" by Travel + Leisure magazine and "Best Asian Restaurant in Las Vegas" by readers of the Las Vegas Review-Journal! China has never been closer at Ping Pang Pong! Ha, that's a hit!
You know when most everyone in the restaurant is speaking Chinese, something authentic is happening! Came for Dim Sum and felt like I was in Beijing again. Located in the Gold Coast, the restaurant is open-aired... with no windows and a view of the casino. We waited for about 10 minutes to be seated and then the fun began! Loaded carts of Dim Sum treats continually circle the restaurant awaiting your waive to procure more. The dumplings were outstanding with a selection of several meats and styles from rice flour to a flaky pastry crust. The cucumber salad was very good and spiced well. Our favorite was the delicate noodle dumpling filled with spiced pork. Best to brush up on your dim sum knowledge as many of the servers do not speak alot of English... just enough to let you know the main ingredient! And... each selection is about $2.50 to $5, leaving us with a very reasonable check!
Love coming here with my family, they discovered this Chinese spot!!! This is prob one of the best Chinese places in Vegas. It's always busy! Though the service should be a lot better but I guess that's typical at any Chinese/Asian restaurant you go to. You can never go wrong with your order everything is made to please.
no where near any dim sum place i ever ate at. This place had very little selections and everything seem a bit to salty for me but compare to other vegas food i guess its the same (which mean it was a huge disappointment).
Vacation bias alert!

So I was in Vegas with some friends, and we were craving Dim Sum.  We hopped in a taxi to the Gold Coast. (Not the Golden Nugget - thank you to my fellow Yelpers for the correction!)

Quality seemed good to me.  Maybe I was being biased because I was on vacation?  But I've eaten enough Dim Sum over the years to be happy with this place.
The food was terrible, not just bad but terrible. Ordered hot and sour soup, which was so bland it tasted like nothing, despite looking amazing. The BBQ pork buns were edible, but not dim sum as advertised but rather a dry baked pastry type dough. My husband ordered some spicy noodle soup that was also flavorless and not event a hint of spice. I'm really surprised the place was busy and the other reviews were good, I would never recommend this place. I left the place grumpy, hunger and out of pocket $25.
Recently tried this place because of high marks on some survey.  

Service was below even lowered expectations of many Chinese restaurants (is it overwork or underpaid ? trying to be real).  Blithely ignored as we stood in line while two employees chatted away directly in front; then again no one after sitting 5, 8 minutes until flagged manager.  Food was overall better than average, certainly not exceptional, and not worth the miserable attitude of the place.
To some, the service would be considered rude or apathetic, or people can simply look at it as a cultural difference. However, in a city where the life line of the place is based on serving others, this place might reconsider the way they serve people because it comes off as aloofness and can discourage potential customers to come back. The food, specially, dim sum, is really good. That is  what this place is known for. At $3.00 dollars an order, it is really affordable. There are also very good appetizers like sesame seed covered roll.  The rest of the venue is quite expansive, I will come back, making sure that I come back with the notion that the food is good enough that I am willing to ignore the service.
So highly rated yet really disappointing.
Named one of the top 10 Chinese restaurants in America by Travel + Leisure magazine and  "Best Asian Restaurant in Las Vegas" six times by readers of the Las Vegas Review-Journal? Really? They sure did not sparkle on 8/13/13. My date said "They must be resting on their laurels".
The food was just ok. Nothing special there. The floor was sticky. Gnats buzzed around our table all visit. Uniformed employees ate at the table next to us.
The thing that stuck in my mind is the terrible service. The (Spanish?) server who took our drink order did not know the name of the only chardonnay on the menu. Our meal server never returned to ask us if everything was ok. In fact she disappeared for good after our order was placed. Eventually we had to flag down some one who was serving other tables in our section to help us. It is not like they were over busy at 8pm on a Tuesday night.
I even passed on dessert, completely un-heard of for me, due to the lack of attention we received.
Want good food BUT bad service? Yes?! Well this is the place for you then lol. 

I have been coming here for years and I have to say I am pretty crazy for doing so. When visiting you have to expect to be ignored. I mean once you order and get your food all is good. If you'd like to order more or get a refill expect to wait. Why do I keep coming back?! Well I am completely in love with their Hong Kong style crispy noodles. & just as of yesterday I have fallen for their dim sum! I mean I ordered about 6-7 dishes during dim sum and it was only 10 bucks! If that was harbor palace at Chinatown that would have been a quick $20-30. Like I said though DO NOT have high expectations on service when coming in!!!
Wrapping up dinner now. Basically a repeat of others. Food is solid, not exceptional. However service is pretty abysmal. The only people that are hustling are the bus boys. The servers are aloof and disinterested. I think they've grown way past complacent. The place is dirty - the side plate had old rice stuck to it still. Server could have cared less when we pointed it out to him.

I won't be coming back here.
Wow wow wow was s
Not sure about going in to one of Vegas casinos for dim sum but we tried it we had eaten many time at harbor place for dim sum but there's no comparison Ping Pang Pong by far the best ever thing we got was steaming hot fresh absolutely the best yum I can't wait till next month to go there again I hope that the chef will keep up the good f
Work and the wait staff was very good place is clean also this place had all Asian people eating there if you into real Authentic and I mean real Authentic Chinese cuisine Not American Chinese cuisine this is the place and don't believe the ons that write a bad review you be the judge try it
Get the pork chop!  We went there about a month ago and saw a fried pork chop on the menu (no offense V's but I'm all carnivore!) and could't wait to try.  I asked how many do I get and the lady looked a bit puzzled and soon I understood why.  The chops were cut up into heaping strips and season unlike any I've ever had.  I took the rest home and ate them for breakfast, lunch and dinner.   I've been dreaming about them ever since.  This will be our go to place for Asian cuisine when friends come and visit.  Yeah, the service wasn't that friendly but who cares.  They weren't rude, just doing their job cooking and serving excellent food.
Excellent food overall. Not nearly as good as Chinese places in LA. But more than enough to beat the smattering of places in Vegas Chinatown. We came here twice in our weeklong Vegas trip and nearly skipped Chinatown altogether. Dimsum is v good, but dinner dishes are ok, not great.
Dim Sum is awesome.  Service is super fast, five plates on the table within 2 minutes of seating.  Hidden gem.
I had dim sum very much every where. By far this place was the best.  Although don't expect the best service.  It seems like most Chinese restaurant service is not that great.  I would visit again but I will only tip them based on service!
This is where I go for dim sum when I'm in vegas.   I would give them four stars if they had more variety.
Ping Pang Pong is one of the older Dim Sum joints in Vegas, they are located inside the Gold Coast casino, and dcor was about as old as the casino.  The name sounds like a game of Ping-Pong with an odd tongue twister word in between, or a slang way to call a Ping-Pong ball in Cantonese.  If you park on the southwest side, you can access the restaurant quicker.  They are the second closest place you can get "edible" Dim Sum from the Strip area.

I visited here for Dim Sum on multiple occasions, and the quality was decent relative to everything else in town.  Selection seems limited though when compared with other Dim Sum joints.  Price was somewhere in between the residential area and the one next door.   

Dinner was meh, everything seems a little off on the flavor, we got a few seafood dishes, tofu pots, and beef chow fun.  The food came out very slowly and their seasoning left you with a bad after taste in your mouth.

Not sure if I will be back when there are so many other opinions in town, and service was not the best either, they got the same poker face servers you see in most Asian restaurants...
Can't believe I only discovered this place on my most recent visit in July.  Dim sum was great and the orange beef was off the hook.
OK, I'm going to give up one of my favorite haunts in Vegas.  I was hesitant to tell people about this place.  LOVE their dim sum, it's all I've ever had there so I can not comment on their Chinese Food.  I can tell you though that 98% of their customers are Asian and so that is a huge indicator of the level of authenticity.  In the past we had trouble communicating with the staff because they usually speak in their own language, this last time though it seems they have hired more English speaking staff and it was considerably easier to order.

Everyone is smiley and happy, the worst part is getting seated.  There is ALWAYS  a wait, I don't care what time or day you go, but once you get seated being it's dim sum there is no wait for food and it just keeps rolling past you for your pleasure.  I love everything we have ever had there and they are reasonable with their cost.

The worst part of this place is that it is located in the Gold Coast and you have to wade through the heavily smoked environment to get to the restaurant, but even going through that is worth it for this place.
Black chicken with black dates soup is friggin special. Also I like that they don't bring me forks. That's super offensive if they bring forks. Why? Because even Japanese restaurant know better they don't bring you a fork to eat sushi. 

***WARNING Don't pay attention about yelpers complaining about service. This is not PF CHANGS, or Applebee's.***

The entry level dim sum is good (KJ Kitchen at the RIO makes the simple stuff better currently--- their LO Bak Go is so er mah gawd!). Reading other reviews on here is so funny because of complaints about service. Want to be seated? Wave some one down, ask loud, better yell it in Cantonese. Don't expect them to ask if you want water or soda. Expect tea and only tea, unless you wave someone down and ask loud for cold water, same with refills. (Although they do bring you large water glasses and it tastes good. As a kid growing up Chinese, I used to think they scoop the water out of the fish tanks because it did taste a bit fish. That must be because they keep the ice machine behind the fish tanks. No fish tanks at PING PANG PONG hahahaha.)

 Bring someone Chinese with you if you are scared. Want more tea, shit you know what you have to do with the lid. Want to pay your check? Lift it in the air  "Maihdaan!!!!" or go up to the Cashier and start picking your teeth with the tooth picks.

If there is old food lingering on your new plates... I wipe that shit off with hot tea and napkin.

What kind of service do people need? 

If I read one more review about Orange Beef.... If you go in there ordering General Tso's expect bad service. Tea, take dirty dishes away, bring my food. It's all good in the Chinese hood. If you're scared go to Elephant bar, Jose or Sean Jean will make you something nice there. I'm not racist I eat black chicken. 

Seriously about the service, you can have a good ole' dim sum time without making at the least bit eye contact. Oh and lastly, I think I read a review about hot mustard... do they have hot mustard? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. I'm not going to answer that expect a hahahahaha if you ask. 

No seriously eating dim sum is not that hard. I'm just making fun. I gotta go piss off Japanese people by rubbing my wooden chopsticks together down the street while I contemplate what's so delicious about Teriyaki. 

Ho Sek Ah!
Yes, they have unique dim sum that you don't find in a usual dim sum restaurant, but the quality of the food is not the greatest.  Here, what you pay is what you get. The restaurant itself is pretty small, so we were lucky to get the big round table. Tea is good (we got chrysanthemum ). The staff was nice and they weren't mean like typical Hong Kong staff. However, the Chinese restaurant in Rio has way better dim sum, and the quality is a lot better. 

Here's a summary of what we ordered & what I can recall : 

Chicken wrapped in Lotus Leaf - Only get 1, and it didn't taste fresh/moist. Rice was a little hard.
Sausage Bun - Bun wasn't soft and sausage was not the greatest. 
Chicken Feet - Probably the best thing we ordered - Came with 5 
Ha Gow (wrapped shrimp) - Small - We ordered 2, and 1 came with 4 pcs, and another came with 2 pcs. Inconsistent.
Turnip Cake - OK. Same as everywhere else - A little dry.
Beef rice rolls - OK. Same as everywhere else
Baked Pork Buns - OK.
First off this is authentic Chinese food and not your basic Panda Express. As there was just the two of us dining the dim sum wasn't something we wanted. $9 for steamed broccoli...We chose to order off the menu and my wife ordered the steamed fish at mkt price. It was a flounder that flopped over an 18" platter. She was well pleased with it ($25) and I ordered the lamb tenderloin with scallions. Fantastic. Busy place with some spotty service but worth a visit if you like authentic Chinese.
My wife and I stayed at Gold Coast and after a strong Vegas first night, found ourselves looking for breakfast/lunch around noon. After some deliberation, we decided to check this place out. A number of Chinese employees and clientele encouraged us, so we got a table and waited for the carts. Surprisingly, for dim sum in a Vegas casino, pretty good! We have done NBC in Monterey Park and hold that as the standard. If NBC is a 10, this is an 8.5. Char Siu Bao were tasty but small, the dumplings were very good, as were the shu mai. If you need a dim sum fix near the strip, check it out. Oh and the price is very fair, $23 for two of us and we were stuffed.
So 3am comes along, you're hungry, tired, and thirsty after a long day of Vegas adventuring....and you see Ping Pang Pong!!  It was sooooo delicious!  Our waitress was very nice, she even explained items on the menu patiently so our inebriated brains could understand.  Their was a man who always came by to make sure our empty plates were taken and water was filled.  The price was reasonable...$25 (including tax and 22% tip) for a beer, spring rolls, and Kung Pao chicken with rice.  HIT THE SPOT!  Big portions.  We were going to do the Applebees 2 for $22 on the other side of the floor, but so happy we found here instead.  So much flavor.  Keep up the good work Ping Pang Pong!
This is the best dim sum in Las Vegas. 

1. Open kitchen. I like to watch people cook and check if they are sanitary. They're doing it right back there. Clean for a Chinese restaurant. 

2. The cart ladies can speak English. They don't just dump the dishes in my table when I point and ask, "what is it?"

3. Food is fresh. They don't give me old food that's been around and rejected by other people. If I want the new batch, they'll give me just that. 

4. Rice is not free. Blahhh. I love rice. They come in a little portion bowl thingy. Their prices are typical for dim sum though. 

5. Food is not as great as LA dim sum, but it still has all of the items I want from a dim sum. 

I recommend you try.
Great dim sum, shady service. what do you really expect, come on.
We were there for lunch on 10-31-13 and tried some dim sum and some dishes off the menu. 

Dim sum - don't remember everything but the shrimp balls and the shrimp donut with noodle were great as was the pot stickers and coconut buns.

Menu - salt and pepper pork chops, salt and pepper shrimp, beef rice noodles and Kung pow chicken were are excellent. Our favorite were the pork chops.

This was our first attempt at ordering dim sum so we were a bit lost however they tried their best to explain.
1st off the decor of the restaurant was nice and the staff was friendly. The restaurant itself was smaller than I thought it would be and had 2 main dining areas. It was pretty busy when we went but didn't seem overcrowded like in most Dim Sum restaurants.

The food at PPP is decent. We had the dim sum staples like Har Gow, Shaomai, Beef Balls and fried shrimp balls. Nothing really stood out from the dishes we had. In addition there didn't seem to be too much variety in the dishes. We had asked the servers if the Chinese Broccoli and Sesame Balls were coming out and they said soon. 3 passes later with the carts and those 2 dishes were MIA. And this is at 12 during the middle of lunch? I didn't get it. 

One other thing that was a turn off is the fact that it is located in the casino and is open where you are exposed to the smoke lingering from the casino.

I have to say that I was a little disappointed after eating here. I had heard such good reviews on it but in the end I would have rather have eaten at Orchids Garden. It was a nice change but I would have to say that I will not be back.
Besides the name being cute and funny there wasn't much else. 
There was like only one waitress that was working the table and the carts coming aroubd were pretty slow. 
Dim sum variety were pretty typical and looked liked it was frozen, defrosted and put in the steamer for display. 
The tastes of the dishes were mediocre. The unexpected delicious treat was the coconut bread which was sweet and filled with coconut gooeyness. 
Other than that, I have had better dim sum in la that were bigger in size and fresher in taste.
We loved this place! Dim sum dishes are fresh & original yet truly authentic. Ranks up there with the best dim dum houses we've been to in San Francisco, Seattle and NYC. Price for 4 big eaters was $78 including tip. Awesome!
Such a wasted  time !!! Me and my bf we drove here late at night like 11pm - midnight i was so excited to try dim sum and it's nothing like just a couple dishes on the menu then they serve with no sauce anything on the side I mean shumai should dip with soy sauce chili sauce thing like that ? And they just give me hot sauce when I ask ,they forget to bring a glass of water to my bf  the service so bad the server not pay attention to you and he just told us order something that fast I mean I'm a server too and I understand that server should tell customer if some dishes will take time to cook but not like DON'T ORDER THIS with the face that it too long to wait and tell us to pick something else I mean if it that long and you don't want to make it why put it on the menu !!!!!    ???

Btw my friend told me dim sum here you have to go on lunch time theres a variety of dim sum and it's pretty good she agreed that service was suck anyway
This is the place to go for authentic chinese food in Vegas. I dine here every time I visit Vegas, because the price is good and quality is good. Open late night, perfect for a night after clubbing. 

MAKE SURE you order the lamb stew pot, comes with vegetable to add on after tasting the savory soup. The thing I like the most is the open kitchen configuration, you can hear the sound of wok, the breath of dragon chinese called. "rawrrrrr" that my friend  is fire stream out at a high temperature would sound. Like a big torch would sound. Mix with the ping ping sound of wok, the food come alive. Just something excites me. Authentic Cantonese cuisine demand good "wok haye" and able to hear it, it is just awesome. 

Don't order the clam, menu said "Big", but it is really small clams. not worth 20 bucks. The rest can't go wrong.
Crab claw was not  like this picture today... it was not claw sticking out, but something fake one...
not the best Dim Sum i ever had, if you have enough points at Gold Coast it might be worth it.
I feel like dim sum is easy to do well. I have only had it a handful of times, and all of them seemed to have been equally as tasty and enjoyable. But I do not think that means it should be marked down. PPP has a pleasant enough atmosphere (especially for being tucked away in the Gold Coast), the service is spot on (by nature this almost has to be true with dim sum), and the food is tasty. Plus, there is just a fun element to the way dim sum is presented. There are no big surprises here, just dim sum done right.
I must admit, I had high expectations of this restaurant, as I had read it had one some awards. 
It wasn't bad, but it was nothing I would ever go out of my way for again. 
The hot and sour soup was extremely bland.  My Thai iced tea was ok, but just average.
My entree of Dragon Well Shrimp, was very good, and the overall service was very attentive.  
By comparison, Joyful House, which is nearby, is far superior to Ping Pang Pong.  I'd give it 3.25 stars, if there was such a rating.
Best kept secret in Las Vegas! I'm a total fan. Left completely satisfied.

At first, I didn't want to patronize this place because of the silly name! It's almost offensive! I mean, Ping Pang Pong? Come on, are you freakin serious? 

But after reading other yelp reviews,  I had to give it a try and sure enough, my fellow yelpers did not lead me astray. 

Thx! I'll definitely be back and this will be on my to do list in Vegas!

The food was surprisingly good. Don't expect the best service because it's not the freakin Wynn Hotel, it's inside Gold Coast, off da strip.
Me & some buds tried the dim sum buffet for lunch on the advice of a cabbie. Glad we did. You know you are getting quality, reasonably priced Asian food when you are surrounded by almost total Asian diners & wait staff. Service was steady; there were some minimal communication issues. Dim sum was better than most i've tried. Cheap too. I'm ready to go back.
Dimsum here is quite good and the prices are reasonable - pretty much inline with all the decent Dimsum joints in SoCal. It's located inside Gold Coast hotel/casino on Flamingo; If you're staying at the Palms or Rio, just walk across the street and you're there.
I LEFT THE RESTAURANT STILL HUNGRY AND VERY DISAPPOINTED!!First,. they sat us in the back corner.we waited about 15 min until the first cart finally arrived.(and the place wasnt even busy) apparently if you sit in the far corner of the restaurant, the carts dont come your way. they pushed the carts around to everyone around us but then they wouldnt complete their rounds to our table and just back their carts out and leave. when we went to tell the manager carts werent coming our way, they just rolled their eyes and said 'what you want"wtf? bad service,and food was so not worth it.. definetly will not be coming back!
Dim sum are good and lots of choices. But they sat us on the corner, some dim sum were gone before got to us, and told us even no more on the kitchen , and it was only 12:30 pm , food was gone , really?!
Had to wait half an hour before we got a table, the waitress didn't seem to be enjoying her work at all. The restaurant was so busy which made the service extremely bad. I can understand it is frustrating when it is so busy, but they really need better management. Also, no child chair, no more of food we wanted and the time of delivery of dishes were late.
I've been to a few dim sum places in Vegas but this one is by far the best. Been coming here every time I visit now and have not been disappointed. Hard to imagine authentic dim sum in a casino but I found it better than some places in china town.

Price is reasonable and never had to wait more than two minutes to be seated. 

Good to take friends, dates (who like dim sum), coworkers and customers.

Make sure to try the congee (rice porridge with pork)
A yumcha gem inside the Gold Coast casino! the place itself is quite small which equals a long wait but the food more than makes up for It. 

From the hagow to the shumai , everything was tasty and fresh, my only qualms is that the Lo-Mai-Kai only came with one! there's usually 2-3 :( Lo-Mai-Kai is the stuffed rice wrapped inside the leaf and my favorite thing to get! 

other than that it was great, price is a little on the expensive side since it is in a hotel 2.88 for (A) and 3.88 for (B)

would come again
The best Chinese Food in Las Vegas, no other restaurant comes remotely close.  The chicken fried rice, beef broccoli with Chinese broccoli, chicken kung pao, orange chicken, and lemon chicken are all excellent.

 The lamb chops are an excellent appetizer, full of flavor and unlike any others I've ever had.
This is definitely a hidden gem hidden in a corner of the Gold Coast casino. But once we were there, man was the line long! This must mean that the food is good. We waited about 45 minutes to be seated which is why I give it 4 stars. 

The food was all really delicious! I love their chicken feet, they were surprisingly really huge and juicy. We ordered the classic hagow/shumai which was also fresh and delicious. I was waiting for their shrimp rolls, but unfortunately, it took awhile for that to come, and when I asked one of the lady's who was pushing the cart, she seemed very irritated and started yelling back at me, which caught me off guard. But other than that, the food is great, and the price is decent. I know where to go now to get my dim sum fix when I'm back in Vegas!
Very tasty food. Good soups. Fair prices
It's always a good sign when you go to a Chinese restaurant and the place is packed with Chinese people and the servers are Chinese and speaking the language.  And wouldn't you know it, Ping Pang Pong has some great dim sum!  So many options, and it's so tasty.  I can't review every single one we tried as there were so many. But they were all good!!  But go early, there is a long line at lunch time.  The line moves, but I wouldn't say it moves fast.   The dim sum place in Rio (KJ's) is a little more on the nicer side, but personally, having been to both I prefer Ping Pang Pong.
This review is coming from someone who was born and raised in HK. We have different standard on Chinese food than people from other culture. If you happened to be from an area outside of Canton/HK this review will not help you. 

This used to be my most favorite restaurant in Vegas for its high quality authentic cantonese cuisine...yet the most recent visit proved to a a disaster...this place had lost its authentic cantonese taste, the pan fried noodle was saturated with gravy, my pan fried shrimp was over filled with sweet and sour sauce (it was supposed to be dry), and the beef rib tasted just gross. Service is ok; but I would say that food had downgraded to American Chinese food style...I will not come back.
Overall a little underwhelming. After the Travel and Leisure review we were expecting more. To be fair, we did not get to try the dim sum which is what they are known for. 

The Scallop Hot Pot had very tender scallop meat and a generous amount of garlic, but was surprisingly bland, especially for the number of garlic cloves. It was almost as if it was watered down. 

The server talked us out of the Tea Smoked Duck and into the the Crisp Roasted Chicken with Scallions, which turned out to be simply a fairly standard dish, nothing to get excited about. It tasted predominantly of soy sauce and was fairly tender. 

The Cantonese Sausage Fried Rice was the better of the three dishes. It had a nice lingering flavor, and came in a very generous portion. Still not terribly exciting.

On a more minor note, the Thai iced tea was wanting. It simply did not have the full flavor I have found at most other restaurants.
Truly authentic Chinese food. You can tell by the fact that 99% of the patrons were Chinese.  One big negative was that we ordered water and it tasted like nasty city water. A place getting sulch good reviews should have filtered water. Large portions. Ordered the pork belly stew. While tasty it was extremely fatty. The meat would have been better if cooked more.
I come here every time I'm in Vegas and its always a treat. I've never actually ordered off the menu and just stick to the dim sum. The wait is usually pretty long and it's hard to flag down a waiter (for those who want to order off the menu), but the steamed pork buns and the chow mein are amazing! Great food for a fair price. Can't wait to go back in April!
I'm not a fan of Chinese food because it can be a little bland sometimes, but the Chinese food here is pretty good and authentic. From the appetizers like dim sum and pot stickers to the entrees like noodles and stir fry, it is all satisfying!
Didn't like this place at all! Kept seeing the TV ad about this place in the station casinos and decide to give it a try! Spring rolls and shrimp and BBQ short ribs! Didn't enjoy none of it and it showed so much that the manager came over and ask if there was something else i would like to try! I refused and thanked her for offering. After a couple of bites i had staff pack up order. I ended up giving left overs to homeless people on the street! I wonder if they were happy?
How the hell are Asians supposed to convince everyone else how offensive the term "Ching Chang Chong" is when we go off and name one of our own restaurants "PING PANG PONG"? 

My Hong Kong-hailing real estate agent was visibly horrified when he found out in casual conversation that my parents and I had not yet been privy to the local dim sum experience at Ping Pang Pong (how is anyone supposed to take me seriously when I say this aloud?) in the Gold Coast casino. So while showing us detailed French doors, luxurious hardwood flooring, and expansive high ceilings, he kept peppering home features with "shao mai" and "cha shao bao." I was sold - on the food, not the house - so not long after that, it was off to Gold Coast we went. 

The casino is not the most convenient to navigate, but the restaurant sits pretty much smack dab in the middle of it, and that's where my biggest issue with it lay. The restaurant is open to the casino pits with hip-level pillars that whisper, "Smoky Smokerson! Enter, please." On the flip side, however, the dim sum is solid. Every dish we hailed off the cart was well-prepared and got a stamp of approval. The xia jiao, chicken feet, congee - all good in the hood. It's just that this hood carries a bit of an eau de FUMAR!
Worth the trip off the Strip for sure. Friendly staff. Lots of Asians dining is always a good sign. We really enjoyed eating dim sum here. And you get to experience the old school, Gold Coast Casino.
Verdict: Awesome food and finally, some decent service!*

*service is unheard of at most dim sum restaurants. 

The food is delicious here and definitely one of the best dim sum spots in town! Everything tastes as it should and nothing is overly salty or overpowering in anyway. Shrimp ball, beef ball with and without tofu, shrimp dumpling, shu-mai, tripe and pork ribs... everything was perfect. 

The amazing thing here is that, not only is there service, but the staff is friendly as well! The carts come around more often than not and if you ask for something in particular, they will either bring it out to you or let you know if and when that cart is going to be making it's way back around to you. 

Try doing that at any other dim sum place here in Vegas! Not going to happen.
Whoa, second day in a row that I picked a place with a huge crowd and a wait.

I think I could've legitimately done without the wait. They have a sign pointing to a waiting area just outside of the restaurant, but they didn't seem to have a dedicated host. I stood there for at least 5 minutes before they even so much as said hi to the party in front of us, and another 5 before they seated us. It was very busy, but at least I should've been welcomed, and I'm pretty sure there were at least a couple of open tables.

By the way, try to park at the side of Gold Coast farthest from the Rio if you want to have a shorter walk, which is healthier than it sounds due to less secondhand smoke exposure.

Anyway, as with any good dim sum place, we were able to dive right in since the carts made their rounds quickly. My friend started off the picks with a har gow (4 pieces), a shu mai (4), and a rather large and unfamiliar bowl of some sort of tripe with ginger and daikon. I later got us a plate of shrimp stuffed eggplant pieces (3), some deep fried shrimp balls with sugar cane (2) and some nice compact egg tarts (2). The last item was the chicken feet that my friend was pining for the whole time.

Everything was definitely on the high end of good. All the savory items had sufficient flavor and non-mushiness, and the egg tarts were very flaky and were still noticeably warm at the end of the meal even though I'd ordered them at the start. I didn't fall in love with any one dish, but the quality was solid overall. Prices are probably a bit more than you'd expect since it's a casino restaurant and there's not all that many dim sum shops here. It was most likely $5.88 each for the tripe bowl and chicken feet, per my friend, and we had one $2.18 order, four $2.88 items, and one $3.88 dish. Couldn't tell you which is which since I'm not that much of a dim sum connoisseur, sorry! 

Overall, I wasn't blown away by any single item, but it was solid dim sum and I definitely prefer this to East Ocean, which has seemed a little lacking for me the past couple of trips for some reason. I also definitely appreciated that we got a tangerine and candy here instead of a fortune cookie (looking at you, East Ocean). I have not been to KJ yet, so stay tuned in case I decide to hit them up.
Ja Leung (donuts that aren't) are pretty great here. If it's noon you'll have a short wait, and it could be longer if you have a big group. There were 6-10 groups in front of us on a Saturday and we were seated within 20 minutes. 

The servers will direct you to the more bland and gringo-safe food if you're not Chinese so make sure you ask them about the things they don't offer that are on their carts and pay attention to the items that the regulars all select and you'll be happy. We got a spicy snail dish only because we saw it and asked about it. It was nice if you're okay with chewy snails, but it being on our table also encouraged some servers to offer us stuff on their second pass that wasn't offered the first time round. 

It was pretty cheap based on my experiences in LA. We had enough food for three people to stuff themselves silly and paid about $60. We'll be back for at least a few more visits before moving on to the next place for dim sum in town.
Ping Pang Pong is a go to place for when some of my friends want to get together for crab. Their style of spicy and salty is probably the best. It is all about getting well rounded flavors and plenty of food. Their razor clams and scallops on the half shell are a steal. At $8 for four and two respectively is a steal. I could eat those all night. Just be warned that your breath will be kicking. So much fried garlic goes on top of both dishes. 

PPP is a hit or miss. The green tea smoked duck was not something we enjoyed. I ended up just wanting Peking duck and was sad to see that they don't offer it. The sweet and pungent lotus roots are always a must. Add that with the three dishes I list above and you don't really need anything else. 

The dim sum here is good. It is just pricey compared to other places. 

Just be prepared. Don't expect great service. Just know something might go wrong during the meal and just move on. The food is good.
The Dim Sum is awesome here. I had 6 people in my party and everyone loved the food. The tripe cooked in the red sauce was out of this world. I highly recommend going to this hidden gem tucked away in the Gold Coast Casino.

If you want to be adventurous try the Chicken Feet.I tend not to order this stuff at the normal Dim Sum place, I usually get grossed out by claws still being a attached to the feat. But Ping Pang Pong cleans there Chicken Feet really well no toe nails. LoL. The Chicken Feet connoisseurs I was with swear this was the best feat they ever had.
We had just had a disappointing Dim Sum experience at another place the night before- the other place had received a very good review too, so this shook our faith in the good ol' yelp system. Fortunately, it was a fluke. Ping Pang Pong was DANG near as good as our usual haunt in Portland. The service was good, the food was great, and specialty items were quickly cooked and served to us if they weren't already on the carts. My favorite little indulgence here was the coconut custard bun. Ambrosia! Another of our favorite dim sum stables is the stuffed eggplant, har gow, and sui mai- Ping Pang Pong delivered on all of them!
dont even try the thai tea! it was super nasty! tasted like watered down thai tea... 

however some dishes were excellent, but most were decent. 

must try the egg custard dessert thing, soo good!!
I've had the chance to be in this side of town more and wanted to check out the restaurants. One of my coworkers recommended this place and I thank her all of the time for showing me Ping Pang Pong. The service was fast and the portions are great for groups. It is fairly priced and I'm glad I had people with me that knew what to order because Chinese food isn't my expertise. I got a Thai style fried rice and I loved it. The plum wine was also fantastic. Need to come back.
I'll be honest, I only came for the dim sum! Me and a friend ordered one of everything on their $3 menu. And some of it, like the pork bun&shumai& shrimp ball, were good. Others, I have to say, were just delightfully adequate! That golden sand bun, I just had no taste for, but I have been here before for various chicken dishes which were really good! So I have to recommend!

However, the service we received was really slow. it must have taken nearly 30 minutes to get dessert and the check after being done with our dishes, but that would be the only setback for me not visiting again!
It was more than an hour wait. The food was good but the service was just off. We had the same 3 carts the whole hour we were there. We asked for certain dishes multiple times but it never came.
Yay for DIM SUM after 3pm!!!

I came here a couple times, but the first time my cousin took me here. We were both craving dim sum at midnight, so what better place to be, since it closed at 3am?!

I honestly didn't know how legit the dim sum would be so I ordered Mongolian Beef and a cup of rice. I didn't think the portions would be that big, but when I got my beef and looked around the room, I noticed plenty of families eating together... hmm.. FAMILY SIZED PORTIONS! Even better!

I wanted to try a couple of the Dim Sum items, so I ordered the Baked Pork Bun, and HALLELUJAH! This right here, BAKED PORK BUN, is the BIDNIZZZ (business). If you want to try one thing, please let this be it! 

A couple weeks later, I told my friend about my dim sum craving and recommended this place. This time we were actually here for the dim sum. We ordered every single thing off the dim sum menu. Don't worry, there were about 10 or less items all $3 each.  After getting to taste them all, MY TUMMY WAS HAPPY. 

It was then time for dessert, but the server did not notice... We waited and waited, and stared into the sky, hoping they would acknowledge us. & they finally did! 30 minutes later... Thank goodness the egg custard dessert was BOMB.ORG, because it slightly made up for the time lost!

PING
PANG
PONG!

TRY THE BAKED PORK BUN!
Despite the over-the-top cheesy name, the food is delicious! We ordered the shiimai dumpling, chicken feet, clams, and salt and pepper pork. Everything was GREAT and we cleared every plate! It's off of the strip and you have to take a cab to get to the dingy casino it's in, but it's well worth it. The service sucks but the food was so good that  I couldn't even be mad. Best part is that it's open till 3am so you can get your drunk-Chinese-food on!
Came here for dinner and the wait was about 20-30 minutes since it was extremely packed. Our server was quick to get our drinks and very helpful with picking out what to order. However, it took them awhile to refill our waters. And whenever they did refill our waters, the server would always reach over someone, so it was kind of uncomfortable.

Food was really good! Really enjoyed the fresh veggies and the salted pepper pork chops were really tender but so flavorful. The noodles, roasted duck, and honey walnut shrimp were average. Everyone got full quick! 

All in all, it was a good meal!
The dim som was really good and the service was great! Can't go wrong the with shrimp balls.
It's okay.  Sorry I grew up on San Francisco's Chinese food.  I rather go to Orchid Gardens on Sahara!
Maybe it's because I'm from California. Maybe it's because I'm used to Chinatown in San Francisco being a 15 minute bus ride away.

But when I'm handed a 16 dollar check for three small pork buns, two teas and two plates of small potstickers I gasp.

Because in Chinatown, heck, in any Dim Sum place I've been to in the last five years, that is outlandishly priced.

But hey, maybe all Dim Sum makers decided to up the price all at once and no one told me. Maybe it's just Nevada. No? Just triple P?

Good to know.

The service was good for cart Dim Sum, but again, we didn't revisit during our trip due to the price.

If we return we'll most likely skip it. I'd rather head to TGIF and get a huge place of food for less than that.
Everything is good, except the price. I feel like these items are as good as the other dim sum places and don't need to be as expensive. Plus, this hotel isn't all that either lol. But on the bright side, I do very much enjoy the sticky rice Green Tea-filled dessert! I also enjoyed the shrimp shumai!
I know restaurant critics who have put Ping Pang Pong on their lists of "must eat" in Las Vegas.  After dining here twice, I'm not sure why, but I have a guess.

The food is fine.  It's not close to the best Chinese food I've had.  It's a bit greasy, at times overcooked, and occasionally a bit bland.  We sampled some meat dishes, vegetable dishes, and even some dim sum.

This left me wondering how this place gets such raves.  One thing, they serve some exotic dishes, dishes I don't see in other places.  I suspect this is one of the attractions.

The service is fine.  The place is often busy, and they do their best to hustle people in and out.

Overall, the place is a "a-ok", 3 stars.
Maybe because I am in Vegas and are fed up with resort-type pseudo Chinese food that cost a fortune so whenever I encounter a dim sum restaurant that's half-way decent, I don't mind giving it a higher rating.

Ping Pang Pong - let's just called it PPP - is also located within a Casino, namely the Gold Coast. The one big differentiation about this restaurant as opposed to others is that it's located far off the strip so the patrons are not visitors that just happen to walk by here. Most of the customers appear to be locals who drove here for the food.

For the most part the dishes are pretty tasty and fresh with high turnover rate. The roast duck was succulent, the salt and pepper smelt and the baked BBQ pork puff were delicious. We ordered a plate of stir-fried pea sprout greens and it was cooked just right. 

One of the desserts was recommended by the restaurant and they are these red bean filled circular donut-like pastries dusted with granulated sugar. I find them to be overrated as the crust was dry and the filling was overly sweet.

Other than that PPP is a good place to go in Vegas for dim sum.
Good authentic Chinese food! Only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the service, you'd think that since this restaurant is located inside a hotel in VEGAS they'd handle diversity well! The food is great, best fried rice in Vegas here, and shrimp cakes are perfection.
Ok I refused to believe that this is voted the best Chinese food in Vegas!!! Food is mediocre at best. Guaranteed stomache ache after. In an old casino and smelled every bit like one!!  Dont think I will go back....
I would give this place 5 FROWNNIE FACES :( . 

Where should I begin... FIRST OF ALL, they open at 10am, but don't have any food ready. We placed an order for a few dim sums at 10:10 am and got our order at 11am. UNACCEPTABLE, REALLY? 50 mins for dim sum?! Servers could barely speak english, messed up our order and manager was too busy to care. 

ALSO, the worst part is dim sum cart lady DROPPED food on the wet, dirty ground and procedded to place it back on the plate and back into the cart to be served to unknowing customers. GROSS, LADY..GROSS. I had to ask her to throw it away and she at first said " it's okay." WTH. NO LADY, IT'S NOT OKAY. No worries, I made sure she threw it in the trash..where it belongs. 

Finally we get our food at 11, after asking multiple times and our consolation prize for their mistakes were some cookies.. WOOHOO. Probably the ones that fell on the floor...
 Seriously, DO NOT EAT HERE.
Awesome.  Seems  mom & pop despite being in a casino.  Shrimp ball was awesome.  Custard tartlets to die for.  Mango tapioca dessert very very good.  We did have to wait in line, but well worth the wait
It's located towards the middle of the
Gold Coast Casino towards the back wall. We came at about 2 pm on a Monday (Memorial Day) and there was still a long line (about 15 minutes). Get here early, they close at 3, but it looks like they stop making fresh dim sum at 2 pm. The carts had slim pickings and a lot of things they didn't have anymore, such as the shrimp noodle rolls. 

I knocked a star off for the bad service here. The service was extremely slow and rude. After we were seated, no one introduced themselves to us as our server, so we didn't even know who our server was the entire time. Our drink order wasn't taken and tea wasn't brought to us until about 10 minutes after being seated and us having to flag someone down. They don't refill drinks here and they never made eye contact, so I was constantly waving my hand in the air to call someone, anyone over. 

Surprisingly, most of the dim sum here was great! 

BBQ pork buns - We loved the bbq pork buns, they make a great one here. The moist fluffy bao buns (the white ones that look like clouds) were stuffed generously with moist and tender bbq pork. 5/5

Chicken Feet - whoever butchered the feet, didn't do a good job and there were tiny shards of bone throughout. My boyfriend almost swallowed a couple of small shards. 1/5

Shumai (pork dumpling) - small, but they were moist, flavorful and had a nice texture. 5/5

Har gow (clear shrimp dumpling) - these were also small, but I loved these! Great flavor on the shrimp filling and the clear wrapping was delicate and had a perfect texture. We ordered 2 rounds of them. 5/5

Fried shrimp patty on sugar cane - comes with a sweet mayo sauce. The shrimp ball was very flavorful and went perfect with the mayo sauce. 5/5

Shrimp and vegetable meatball coated in sticky rice - I didn't like the doughy sticky rice on the outside. Also the filling's texture was odd with the soft shrimp ball and chewy bits of vegetable. 1/5

We also ordered a plate of stir fried beef chow mein noodles because we were all still hungry and they barely had anymore dim sum by 2:30 pm. The chow mein noodles were really bland. The beef was tender, but we all couldn't get past on the taste of the chow mein, it was lacking so much! 1/5

Come early, stick with the dim sum and you're golden.
I had read the reviews for Ping Pang Pong and although the food was always rated highly, the service was considered poor.

The food is excellent; the service was as good as it gets, the employees were friendly and concerned of our satisfaction.

Great dinner.
We walked over here from Palms at 10:30 Saturday morning. It was hot and we were hungry. Ordered a bunch of dim sum: Har gow, shu mai, shrimp rolled in flat noodles, fried shrimp ball with sugarcane, beef ribs, this vegetarian tofu dish, meatballs, steamed bbq pork buns, baked pork buns, green tea dessert (it had a mochi texture) and jasmine green tea. What a breakfast!
In all my years of coming to Las Vegas I never knew really good and authentic Chinese food even existed here. Like others have mentioned, this certainly is a hidden gem.

A couple of friends attending the jewelry trade show at the Mandalay had invited me to a nice quiet high end dinner at the Jasmine Restaurant at the Bellagio when , just as we were about to leave for the Bellagio, my friend received a business call saying their business contacts wanted to invite us for dinner instead.....and were too afraid to decline. All I knew was that I was asked to get in the car and just follow the leader.

Being the fish out of water, I didn't speak a or understand a word of Chinese and had no idea what the plan was. We eventually ended up off the strip at some big stand alone casino across from the Palms Hotel and Casino. As we walked into the casino from the parking garage, my friend whispered to me that the host was taking us to a Chinese restaurant, and if she eats hear you can bet it's going to be VERY good! The host has been living in Vegas for over 30 years so she should know where all the good eating spots are now.....ok, so in we go. This was a medium end casino, and as we walked through it we finally came upon this Chinese Restaurant called "Ping Pang Pong"..... yes, you got that right....just as I've spelled it. Flashbacks of the movie "16 Candles" flashed through my head, but I'll leave that one alone :)

Tucked inside the casino is this very casual, very Chinese looking, restaurant with an open kitchen concept where you can hear the burners blasting away and the woks clanging away. The place was quite crowded, but it appeared our host knew everybody there and I was told she is a VIP guest there. We came to the table and there sat 4 other of her elderly friends already seating and waiting for us. Oh boy.....there goes my hopes for a peaceful and relaxing dinner. Ok, lets cut it short and say that it was a very typical large table seating for a group of elderly folk who enjoyed their meals with loud talk.....the red wine they were gulping down didn't seem to help matters either. Anyway, I did not understand a single word spoken at the table all night, but no worries.....I had food to keep me busy!......good authentic Chinese food at that! And note, when I say this is authentic food, I mean authentic.....PF Chang's and Panda Express are NOT authentic :P

I pretty much left the ordering to the host and her friends since they seemed to know what good Chinese food should taste like. Needless to say they ordered all very authentic dishes that westerners likely wouldn't have known how to order. Without going into too much detail about each dish.....because I really can't remember the names of each one......we started off with lotus root soup which was very good....absolutely delicious, and coincidentally is my favorite Chinese soup! There was a roast duck dish, lotus root stir fried with celery and rice wine sauce, egg white fried rice with dried scallops, stir fried cubes of beef with a dark brown sauce, ginger and scallion lobster over noodles, farm raised chicken cooked with chestnuts and rice wine, some green vegetables with baby abalone and sauce, sea bass steamed with black beans, ............and I think that was it. It was ALL yummy, and I was really surprised at finding this quality and standard of Chinese food all the way out here! But yes, it exists. Yay! :)

All these delicious dishes for 9 people came to about $295 before tips, which was actually pretty good given the excellent quality of the food. If I should ever find several friends who'll join me for a good Chinese meal during future visits, I will definitely bring them here!
Two stars because the service wasnt great. WIthin less than 5 minutes of looking at the menu, the server rushed us to put in our order. Some of the dim sum items were unavailable during dinner time which was disappointing. Ordered shrimp fried rice, har-gow, sui mai, and kung pao chicken. Food was good but nothing to rave about. Ive had better dim sum at Mayflower in the Bay Area. The only thing I really liked about this place was how attentive the busboy was in refilling our drinks. Other than that, we saw our server twice - to take our order and give us our check.
Had friends staying at the Gold Coast, we ate at the restaurant, great service, great food.  I'm not much on Asian cuisine, but this was great, lots of food and even my friends commented how great it was, and they found their new favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas..  The waiter was very informative and helpful, took the time to explain things on the menu we didn't know about or understand.
The servers were extremely rude and rushy. 
The man wouldnt allow us to get our table until everyone arrived. Even though 5/7 people were already there. We didnt get our drinks until 25 mins after we were seated. Food wasnt that flavorful. The servers don't make eyecontact with you and The tables are extremely close to each other.
Weird atmosphere, delicious food, smoking next to the slot machines, couldn't ask for anything more. I make it a point to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas, whether just passing through or staying a night.
I love this place!  They are located inside of a Gold Coast Casino.  Whenever I'm in Vegas, I have to stop here for their dim sum.  I have been lucky to dine in at times when it wasn't really crowded, but I have seen those long lines.  I love their shumai and hair gow.  Their shrimp noodles are even good.  The skins are not falling off and the fillings are just right.  I like this place better than Chinatown in LA.  The servers didn't seem really friendly, but attended to the table and brought whatever was needed so no complaints.
Seating is limited and service is unhurried so expect a long wait at lunch time. Getting in is the hard part-- you stand in line with a crowd of people yelling in various Chinese dialects as they shove, cut, and complain-- all adding authenticity and closely matching my experiences in China.  Another reason for the long wait is, once inside, diners tend to linger. I don't blame them. The food is tasty, hot, and well-varied. All my favorite dim sum dishes were here.  Servers are friendly and I never felt ignored (as I have at other dim sum places).  For about $18 including tip I was able to stuff myself.

  The 40 minute wait to get in was painful but I'm glad I stuck around.
Second best dim sum I've had in Vegas :) their beef noodle is second to none. And their chicken stir fry as well as won ton soup is da bestest!
So I tried this place twice.... the first time I tried the food -  my brother and mom got take out for my dad and I for a late night snack - we had a bowl of Preserved Egg and Pork Porridge and a bowl of Wonton Noodle Soup. The porridge was okay - it was actually kind of bland and I wish I had salt. The Wonton soup was not any better - the noodles were stuck together and the wonton was also very bland. 

So even after trying the food here and knowing its not that good- why would I come back again? Well my dad didn't think it was so bad so the next day he wanted to order the same thing - I really didn't want to but he insisted he wanted to eat porridge - so this time we went to order it for take out again.

This time I experienced the service -- and it was ridiculous - took 45 minutes for two dishes...on top of that the waitress was very unfriendly. The chef didn't even remember to make the porridge until I asked the waitress three times after 30 minutes - and she finally asked the chef - which was just standing around - to make it. It took him less than 5 minutes to make it but I waited 45 minutes for it. Then after that I asked her for an extra spoon and she didn't even want to give it. On top

Definitely not a place I want to go back to. Both the food I tried and the service I experienced was pretty bad. On top of that they were pretty expensive.
This is one of the better dum sum restaurants in town as far as quality, freshness and selection goes. The service has a tendency to be slow at times, so be aggressive. Jump in front of those dim sum carts and demand some food. Prices are decent and there's usually a ten to twenty minute wait on the weekends.
Wait in line was 15 min, not too bad for 1:30 on Sunday. While waiting in line we noticed over 50% of the people dining were Asian, that was a good thing! And the carts for dim sum were hustling back and forth and all over the restaurant. We sat down right around 1:45... What happened to the carts?? The same 2 carts came round and round. We asked for a few items and the person said "later" and kept on walking. We were so disappointed!! We heard the food was great, "best in LV" and we got a total of 5 dim sum plates of food, nothing we really wanted, but we were so hungry!  One thing this town has no shortage of is good restaurants, so we won't be back and suggest others not waste their time if they are hungry. What we ate was okay, nothing special. And having to walk through the entire casino filled with cigarette smoke and leave so dissatisfied, we won't be back. Ever.
We recently dined here for dim sum at 10am so we didn't have to wait for a table.  They serve traditional dim sum on a cart.  The place was quite small, which meant that carts went around to all the tables. 

Overall, the dim sum was quite tasty.  The dishes we enjoyed the most were the assorted sweet and savory buns as well as the Shrimp Cheong Fun with plump shrimps.  The Sui Miu was tasty with the right amount of meat as was the tofu wrap.

There were a few misses.  The shrimp dumpling (har gow) was bland tasting shrimp with mushy, thick wrap. The Rice w/ Lotus Leaf (Lo Mai Gai) was mostly rice with minimal amount of meat and other ingredients.  The fried chicken wings were the worse with an odd mix of spices and too much grease.  We also ordered an item with rice and small spareribs. It was tasty but some of the ribs were fatty.


The dim sum dishes were inexpensive with dishes around $3 with generally tasty dishes and generous meat stuffing.
Last year I went to Ping Pang Pong with my boss and wasnt that impressed. I remember liking 1 dish and thinking the rest was just ok.

Went back a couple of days ago and had a much better  experience. All the dishes we tried were pretty tasty and service was quick. Standout dish was the BBQ pork. Mmmmm.
I had the chance to try this place out on one of my first trips to Vegas several years back.  I remember it being my first trip to the Gold Coast casino.

It appeared tucked away near a little food court, and the long waiting line made it recognizable.  I went with the standard dim sum fare available, soup was great, chicken wings were a little rubbery and way too greasy.  A few pushy people outside, as some other reviewers have mentioned.

I'd definitely go back, just haven't been on that side of town in recent Vegas trips.  I remember regretting not going back the next day, as the little snack bar beside it was terrible.
Ping Pang Pong is definitely one of the better places for dim sum in Vegas. They open at 10 and there's a line before it even opens which I was in since I was a bit early. With 10 of us we were seated right after it opened.

We were at the table where all the employees had to open the cabinet to put their personal items so we had to keep moving out of the way. The food carts seemed to have been sparse in our area but we were able to order what we wanted from the server. My favorites were the shrimp churn fun and the gai mei bao. The shrimp
was huge! All of the food was good but I wish we got to have more of a variety like the turnip cake that I love or tripe.  

Ping Pang Pong is definitely a little on the pricey side for dim sum but it is worth it. Even though you do have to walk into a smokey casino you will forget that once you are seated surrounded by loud parties.
I love the crispy half chicken from Ping Pang Pong.. Only thing is every second time I come here it's been sold out! We've had to eat the half roast duck instead (also tasty), Kung Pao Chicken (yes I'm dating a white guy ;) We've had pretty good service everytime we've been here and also manage to get a table straight away. Most of the time we eat between 12 and 3am so they usually run out of the crispy chicken by then. Once we came at 7pm and the crispy chicken came out 5 minutes after we ordered it but it wasn't even crispy. The other 3 times it's been great. We like it spicy. 

Dishes we don't like: hot and sour soup. It's not hot or sour... Just big. Wrinkly string beans - sounds exactly like what it is - wrinkly string beans, not the yummiest vege choice! 

Dishes that are average: won ton noodle soup - it's also massive and has lots of veges, chicken feet - flavour is ok. 

Dishes that we like - crispy chicken, pepper beef medallions,roast duck, Kung Pao chicken, Singapore noodles, prawn dumplings, Chinese brocolli. 

Will we be back?  Yes!
I have dined here 2 times before and the food was okay. 
 I had family in town, and they wanted to go here because they had heard its one of the best restaurants in the states, and won many awards. WELL- when we arrive we are served hot tea, the tea pot spout had some sort of green stuff stuck in the spout, it looked like water minerals that had built up inside it. We went it back. We had arrived when they first opened @ 5pm and I ordered beef chow fun. They come back and told me it was sold out already, disappointed and couldn't believe they were out in less the. 10 minutes after opening.  

We had ordered Singapore Noodles, which I've never had before so I don't know if it was good or not, but I personally didn't care for the flavor. But while eating my noodles, one was chewy, I finally went to pull it out of my mouth, it was the EXACT same color as the noodles, and when I looked at what it was, it was a rubber band!!! OMG, grossed me out, got the manager, and she replaced the noodles with a new batch, but so scary knowing that one of the children could of eaten it. 

The moo shu pork was good. But after the rubber band incident, I will never go back.
I love Ping Pang Pong. It is the best dim sum in Vegas. Sometimes the service can be a little slow, but the food is delicious and the prices are so reasonable.
Very good dim sum & prices are not bad for vegas.  I will come back each time i visit for sure.  I'm still craving this place when i got back to California & i tried a couple of dim sum places & they're not even comparable.  I may have to fly back to get my fix!
Never had I have to feel I need to leave a negative review.  

Got a comp for this place.  Ordered it at 10:50 for to-go; had to go up and play 11PM bingo.  I knew 10 minutes was short but you figure Chinese food doesn't take long to cook.

Lady says "14 minutes"; of course we think  "14 minutes" but I think she meant "40".  That's ok though, but my friend did go downstairs to check on our food twice. 

We ordered roast duck, fried rice and pork chop.  Unless you're chasing down Donald Duck and Porky Pig, I think 40 minutes it's more than enough for "to-go" food.  My friend who witnessed us ordering saw a family of 5 sit down and leave by the time we came back from bingo an hour later.

So we asked to just eat our food right then and there; I mean, bingo ends at 12am and it was 12:05, 15 min after our food was supposed to be done.  

Grateful to sit and eat we did.
 Minus service.  Had to wait super long before we asked for our check (just happened to be a to be a drink balance of $3...)

Monday night, slow service.  I really don't understand this; what pisses me off is that my food was a comp:  doesn't that mean VIP?  I didn't get my meal for "free", so don't treat me like I'm nobody.  I gamble a lot.  I can't rely on feeling "VIP" at this place.
=\
As far as Chinese buffets go, this is one of the best.  However, the downside to that is the price - you'll be paying about $14 per person (plus the cost of sodas if you want them).  If this was $5 cheaper, I would've given them 4 stars.  Regardless, it's a fun place to go to.

One of my favorite things about this place is that they just have an enormous selection of different foods.  They have lots of the standard Chinese buffet foods you would expect, but they also have sushi, a few different kinds of buns and dumplings, and then just random things that I would assume are fairly authentic.  I've had pig ears, chicken feet, and jellyfish here, so if you want to try something new or disturb your squeamish friends, you have a lot of opportunity for that.  Last time I went they didn't have any jellyfish out which was disappointing because honestly, jellyfish is pretty delicious.  If they have it while you're there, try it out.

There are generally a LOT of Asian people at Phoenix Palace Buffet, which to me seems like a good sign that this is at least semi-authentic.  Also, they have a gigantic space in their building and have way, way too much seating, so you shouldn't have to worry about trying to find enough chairs and tables for a large group.

One last thing - don't forget to try the lotus seed paste buns.  They're a semi-sweet dessert bun and they're awesome.
As far as chinese buffets go this is definitely not anywhere near good. Sorry couldn't refrain from taking a dig at the previous reviewer.  What I heard was that this was once a decent place to visit. However it has gone downhill in the past year. The array of dishes are impressive I concede, but each individual item is horrible. I tried to sample as much as possible before coming to this judgment but alas that is how it stands. The only thing I found slightly decent was the shui mai (pork dumplings). I liked the Lotus seed bun as well( due to my ignorance) but my asian colleague informed me that it was blech... and better ones could be obtained at Lee Lee's market across the street (lee lee's is another review though). 

Was feelling a bit ill at the end of the sampling frenzy (as I always do with these types of buffet). In short most of the food was old a simple test being if all the seafood smell off and the steamed dumplings have their wax  paper stuck to them.
Visited for dinner a long, long time ago, based on a positive review by a Thai coworker.  

Selections were either bland, fried, or very salty.  Sushi left me wishing I was dining at Ra in Ahwatukee (and I don't even like Ra!).  

I think the only thing I enjoyed was the ice cream section- mung bean I remember, but there were other flavors.  Maybe I didn't enjoy it so much.  

To top it off, $14 per person for dinner that wasn't even worth $10?!?  Do yourself a favor and have a feast during happy hour at Ra!
Once one of my colleagues learned that I had never tried Dim Sum, they immediately dragged me to this place for lunch.  While it is a buffet, I was informed that they block up a part of the seating for Dim Sum at lunchtime.

Well it turns out that Dim Sum (for those of you who don't know, such as myself) is best experienced in a group, and they have servers bring out carts with plates of different items and ask if you want some.  Whether it be sticky pork bbq rolls (Very good) or some sort of beef rice noodle, there is about 4 portions per plate.  They set them on the table and everyone dug in.

Now I'm not the most picky eater, in fact I like to think of myself as somewhat adventurous, but when my colleague asked for the chicken feet I was somewhat taken aback.  Almost felt like a "survivor" competition... but I just couldn't get myself to eat it.  Those who did claimed it was really good... so I let them finish them off.

Everyone I was with really loved the food, and I really liked what I did try, so I'm going to give this place 5 stars for its authenticity and food.  I would comment on the price, but I didn't pay, so I'm not too sure on that end. 

There seems to be a lot of different options of this place, but I can only tell what I experienced.  They do have a large "under new management" banner out front, so maybe that explains the bad reviews in the past.
*Review for dim sum only

Phoenix Palace is part buffet, part a la carte dim sum, and part take-out Chinese BBQ . It's huge! The space could easily contain the Hindenburg, with a few smaller airships tucked away in reserve. 

I had dim sum here with a Hong Kong native, but I didn't need her vast experience and knowledge to reach a decision: not very good.

You know what? This review is boring. Please pretend this list is a word cloud and draw your own conclusions:
--congealed
--lukewarm
--imitation krab
--sticky paper
--bland
--forgettable
--dry
--chewy
--empty
--easy listening tunes, including "Feelings"
Read a few months ago in the Chinese papers that PPB is under new management and acquired a new award-winning dimsum chef, so decided to give it a shot before some major shopping at Lee Lee.  Didn't hurt that they were promoting all sizes of dimsum at one price : $2.25.

I'm ready to give them the benefit of the doubt that weekdays is not optimal for their dimsum.  One cart sits in the corner steaming the same dimsum all through lunch service while another holds room temperature fried items.  This is because only three tables out of over a hundred (most of which are empty) are ordering dimsum - the rest are eating from the buffet, where I found only two items possibly worth eating.

The best one was the Chiu Chow dumpling stuffed with moist flavorful pork, veg and peanuts.  The shrimp dumpling wrapper suffered from sitting in the steamer too long.  The beef ribs (their take on the usual spare ribs) were quite tasty and probably not as sensitive to over steaming.

I'd be wiling to give them another try on a weekend.  Dimsum needs flow.  They should just make it to order like China Chan on the West side on weekdays and carts only on weekends.
Dimsum today was unexpectedly good. Tried it on a weekday a few months ago and it was so-so but I could tell there was potential. Selection on weekends is way better than the weekday. They had my one of my favorites: steamed brown sugar cake ("Ma Lai Go") which I have not seen done right in a long time, even in Hong Kong. Color was a perfect brown and it was beautifully soft and spongey (it looks like a sponge too) and the flavor was not artificial like I've had so often.

I was almost as excited to see a pan-frying cart meaning a cart with hotplate where they pan-fry stuff like radish cake, chive dumplings and rice noodles to order.  Haven't seen that since Hong Kong and LA. This is huge as my major pet peeve with other places is that food gets cold as it makes the rounds on the cart.  The chive shrimp dumplings were wonderfully chivey and crispy on the outside while soft & moist inside.

Then the baked cart came around with buns I've never seen before. They let us mix and match any 3 so we picked a taro bun, "snow" bun with a milky filling and delicate crunchy white top, and a pineapple bun (pineapple refers to the appearance only) with custard filling. The snow bun is new to me and was absolutely delicious.

They're promoting all dimsum items that fall under category A, B or C for $2.25 each (B & C usually cost $3 or more). This place is under new management and hired a new award-winning dimsum chef according to the Chinese papers. The quality shows and I love the selection. Definitely will be back on a weekend!
When I hear the words dim sum my ears perk up much like a dog when he hears someone approaching. Then a certain caution sweeps over me since so many dim sum places around the valley don't even come close to those found in other cities like Los Angeles and San Francisco. So when a friend of mine and local ice cream guru, Helen Yung from Sweet Republic, told me about a new dim sum joint that reminded her of Hong Kong, I was elated to try it as soon as possible.

Phoenix Palace is quickly becoming a jack of all trades sort of restaurant. During the week they have seafood and Chinese buffets, a full menu with free delivery, and on the weekends rolling cart dim sum as well as a take out BBQ section. While carts only roll on the weekends, dim sum can be ordered any day of the week off of a smaller menu. We came just for the weekend cart dim sum, the BBQ section in the front of the restaurant looked amazing. In the window wrapped onto stainless steels hooks were selections of whole roasted duck, pork spare ribs and roasted chicken. I haven't seen a display like this one since being in Chinatown in San Francisco a few months back, very impressive. Come early or call ahead if you want to enjoy a roast duck to-go, when we left the display was pretty much wiped out.

Walking into the Phoenix Palace you'll immediately notice that you're not in Kansas anymore, the clientele is mostly Asian who have very discerning palates. You know you're in the right place when the target market is ethnic and not American. No worries about communication break down, the staff speaks English, even if it is a little broken. Though all you really need are your senses to guide you through the dim sum experience. After being sat, the carts will start rolling by your table to peddle their vast variety of dumplings. Each cart person will open a steam basket for you to take a look inside and along with a brief explanation, usually consisting of only one word, they stamp your tally card and move on. The carts don't come in any sort of order so just have fun and order away. If something looks even remotely good go ahead, it's really inexpensive.

One of the main difference between Phoenix Palace and the other dim sum restaurants, is the fact that not only do they offer 75+ different items, but here it's not only fresh but made in house. One of the carts that come about is a fry cart which at first seemed unusual. It's a stainless steel ride with a built in cook top where some items are crisped and heated table side which made perfect sense after one bite. In all of the places I've had dim sum, here and in other cities, I have never seen or heard of this before. Helen told me that she hadn't seen something like that since having dim sum in Hong Kong. If Helen is impressed, I'm blown away! We started with an order of Green Leek Gow ($3.15), with a translucent skin showing a silhouette of diced leeks and chopped shrimp, then crisped up on either side for a textural symphony. We also ordered the Pan Fried Pork Bun ($3.15) which had a slightly crisped edges filled with tender chopped pork, each bite was simply sublime. These were so good we ordered an additional plate of those chubby meat filled pillows.

The standards are done extremely well here, such as the Steamed BBQ Pork Bun ($2.15), as well as the baked version ($2.15) with its covering of sweet sticky glaze. If you've never experienced a BBQ Pork Bun in either incarnation, you really should. This is the all about savory, salty and sweet, dip in some chili paste for an added spicy dimension. Chinese Broccoli ($5.25) is slightly bitter, slightly sweet and has a crunchiness that pairs well with the softer noodle dishes like the Beef Rice Noodle Roll ($3.15). Long sheets of rice noodles are filled with sliced tender beef, rolled and then steamed. When delivered to your table, a lightly sweetened soy sauce is poured over the top. Shui Mai ($2.15) is as tender and flavorful as it was meant to be, porky and delicious.

Dessert dim sum is as much fun as its savory counterpart. Sesame Balls ($2.15) filled with sweetened red bean paste, surrounded by sticky rice, then rolled in sesame seeds and deep fried were pretty much a crowd pleaser. The Snow Bun ($2.15) was a new one that I've never seen or tasted before. A cloud of pure heaven filled with creamy custard, served warm, blew away any doughnut that's graced my lips. I also ordered a box of them to-go so they could be enjoyed again later. The tall and billowy Brown Sugar Rice Cake ($2.15) reminded me more of a yellow cake though was very good, hot and fresh out of the steam basket.

There aren't too many places where you can try so many different textures and flavor in one sitting. So it really is an experience to have dim sum with a close group of pals because food always seems to bring us just a little bit closer.
Hands down best dim sum in the Valley. I've taken different groups of friends here on EVERY Sunday in the past two months, skipping only Easter, and have eaten like it's my last meal on Earth every time. All of my friends including Alex loved it and agree that it's the best dim sum in town right now. It's totally worth it even with the long drive from North Scottsdale and ridiculous weekend highway closures. Looks like I might be there again next Sunday...
What a difference from the other location on Ray Rd...The place is rundown and the service was AWFUL.  

We were at the restaurant over the weekend for dinner.  The restaurant was less than half full with mostly Chinese people.  So we thought this could be promising.  When we sat down, the lady gave us the Chinese menu which is understandable...you know, b/c we are Asian.  But everything on the menu was just too authentic like duck's feet or pig's intestines and so we were just sitting there thinking...what should we do....Then we overheard the people sitting behind us ordering Orange Chicken, Kang Pao beef, etc.  When their waiter was about to pass us, we asked for the menu he was carrying and there you go, it was the English menu we are totally used to...whew.  

So we ordered the soup, friend rice, and seafood dish.  The wait for our food was around 40min or so...just sitting there waiting, starving.....In the mean time, the glowing fast food drive through menu was calling us from across the street through the window...that was not fun.  When we finally got our food, we asked for steamed rice....it NEVER came.  At that point, we were done.  We just sat there ate what was available and left.  

So why 3 stars? Because the food was pretty good.

*Food = everything was pretty good.  IF you are not used to the authentic Chinese food, be sure to ASK for the English menu or you will waste your time.
*Service = HORRIBLE.  If you are hungry and ready to eat dinner, go somewhere else
*Location = it is in the same complex as Lee Lee's Market so it is convenient I guess.
*Decor = horrid
I was a dim sum virgin until yesterday!  My wonderful wife Audrey W was there to share my experience with me as were Dottsy Z, Donald S, Marian and Kevin H.  And Dottsy has pictures too!  And wow did I get off cheap!  

The best dim sum I have ever had!  Honestly, the only dim sum I have ever had!  I'm so glad I had other yelpers that were experienced to share it with and help me enjoy the first time!

Seriously, Phoenix Palace has really good dim sum.  I enjoyed nearly everything I tried, there was tremendous variety and high quality through and through.  I was not quite as adventurous as some of the more experienced folks at the table.  I did pass on a dish that featured tripe.  Sorry.  Maybe I wasn't ready to go all the way.

The review trend has risen over the last few months.  I think I heard there was a change in ownership or management or possibly a new chef.  Or all of the above.  I don't know but it was good.

For 6 people and loads of food the total was just under $70.  Unreal.

Great lunch spot for dim sumderful variety and a total bargain.  Phoenix Palace is in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so you can fill up on dim sum before you do your shopping.  Then you'll spend less when you go shopping.  Never go shopping hungry.
Jim W had an interesting thread the other day "what do you miss?"
I don't miss many things about living in the bay, but getting my dim sum fix once a month or so is one of them.
I had my office on Market St. and I had a Yank Sing in the alley right behind my building...I could go for dim sum at lunch, let the dishes pile up and waddle back to my office for nice long afternoon nap:)
If I felt more ambitious, I could walk up to Chinatown to Delicious, New Fortune and Yong Kee for some of the most remarkable food this side of Hong Kong!
It was especially pleasant when we got 4-5 of us to go, and just sit and talk and eat for couple of hours...the art of dim sum:)
With that in mind, I headed out for the near reaches of Chandler this past Saturday.
Jim and Audrey W. organized a dim sum outing at the Phoenix Palace Buffet (I frankly didn't notice the buffet...I'm sure it was there and very good...I was just too busy pointing at bamboo steamers and bowls and plates and saying "give me that one please":)
Jim organized the outing after fellow Yelper Helen Y had noted that this place had changed ownership, chefs, etc., and is now quite good! (I now have 2 things to be grateful to Helen Y. for...helping us find good dim sum in greater Phoenix and allowing me to become a citizen of the Republic of Sweet:)
We were joined on our outing by Kevin H (in an interesting side note, Kevin got ROTD for...Phoenix Palace Buffet on the exact same day that we went for dim sum!!! What are the odds!?:), Marian H. and Dottsy Z. 
The Beautiful Carin wasn't able to make it...she had a little stomach bug and stayed in bed:( 
I was going to stay home and take care of her, but the lure of potentially good dim sum was too great!:)
Off I went with cheery wave and a lilting "feel better" hanging in the air as the door slammed before she changed her mind and asked me to stay around and nurse her back to health:) She's a strong girl...I knew she would pull through:)
Boy, am I glad I went!
The company and conversation were wonderful...everyone cheered me up about having to leave my better half at home (and as anyone who knows us will attest, Carin really is the better half...maybe the better 75%:)
It was a perfect dim sum afternoon! 
We talked, pointed at the carts, ate, talked and ate, talked and ate:) 
I think dim sum is as much about conversation and relaxation as about the food...but having said that, having great food really adds to both the conversation and relaxation factor of a great dim sum lunch...and the food was remarkable!
It was so good! 
There might be a couple of shops that top this place in SFO, but not by much...it's that good!
We had all the standards, shrimp rolls, pork buns, pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, sticky rice (outstanding sticky rice, BTW).
We had some of the non-standards, tripe, chive dumplings...all delicious and served up with smile!
The service was very good...there were always carts in close proximity, and if you saw something a few tables away and flagged a server down, they always made their way over to help you out:) drinks were refilled promptly, and the empty dishes were moved out to make room for new arrivals.
The biggest surprise came at the end of our lunch...the total for 6 of us was less than $70!!!
I used to spend more than that for dim sum lunch for 2 in SFO (and twice that much in HK)! Amazing!
Jim, thanks for organizing! It was a great lunch with a fun group!
It's great to know where to get my dim sum fix!
I have been here when it was still a buffet when they first opened. I wasn't too thrilled as it was like any other buffet. The only cool thing I thought was the ice cream selection. 

Well that was then this is now...

On a very hungry late evening a fellow yelper Clifford and I were gonna meet up for some Chinese food. We were headed to our favorite spot on the east side. When I got there it was 5 min from closing and Clifford was still 15 min away. After discussing some options I made it down to Dobson and Warner to find Phoenix Palace open till 10. After giving Clifford a ring we met up there and gave it a shot. 

Upon entering I noticed that the place was empty, but not common on a monday night and with all the other places in the area closing early the complex is usually dead by 9. The place no longer having any buffet tables and many of the awful decor gone it could be promising. 

Seeing that their menu had some of my favorite dishes I thought I give it a shot. So some Spicy Salt and Pepper Pork Chop, Salted Fish Fried Rice and Beef Stew Hotpot. 

Wow! Were we surprised with the food, especially this late at night. The pork chops were well seasoned to how they should be and very crispy on outside and juicy on the inside. The beef stew was wonderful, the meat was well cooked and the large pieces of the green onion was a great touch of flavor. The salted fish fried rice was not so great, it was very under seasoned and the portions for the fish and chicken were not a large as some places are with this dish. 

On my second visit I tried a different fried rice dish and same thing very under seasoned. It seems like that the chef has very strong dishes and some other dishes are not so strong. I have yet to try the dim sum but i'm sure this is going to be very good as well.
1/25/2009 -- Wrong, wrong, wrong! I have eaten here four or five times since then. Helen Y. says Phoenix Palace acquired a master dim sum chef -- who now brings a relentless attack of treats every weekend.

Love the pan-fry cart with chive dumplings and rice noodles. Also, I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but the snow mountain buns are fantastic, custard-filled delights.  I think they might not be good for you. 

If you have a few hours to kill late on a Sunday morning, I can't imagine anything better than eating dim sum at PHX Palace with friends and family.
We shop at Lee Lees all the time (in the same shopping center), and we had eaten at Phoenix Palace back when it was a buffet, but it was only recently that we realized that they now serve dim sum everyday. 

So today we rushed over there to check it out. The wife, while born and raised in the Philippines, is of Chinese descent and grew up around this stuff. When you consider that, along with the fact that our first date was ten days together in Hong Kong (dim sum heaven), you can see that the bar is pretty high for us when it comes to dim sum. Now, we know we cannot expect Hong Kong or even San Francisco quality in Phoenix necessarily. Still, the food at Phoenix Palace was quite good overall. We were not disappointed. 

We had two types of shu mai, along with har gow, jellyfish, barbecue pork buns, sesame balls, pot stickers, and spring rolls. We missed the chicken feet, which is one of Carol's favorites, but we'll get to that next time. All was great, but the har gow especially stood out. It was a quite different flavor than what we have had at Golden Buddha, C-Fu or any of the other local places. Everything was yummy though. 

The service, on the other hand, was mixed. It started out nice, with a friendly greeting by the guy that seated us. But it went downhill from there. Its not that they were rude or unfriendly. It was more like benign neglect. The carts came around quickly enough, but once we had the food we did not see anyone again until it was time to settle the bill. No refills, in other words. That said, at least the glasses were large and we had a pot of hot tea, so it was not the end of the world. Another gripe--no chile oil. I  think I'll bring my own next time. Or maybe we just caught them on a bad day.

The food was a four or a five by local standards, while the service was a two or a three. Since I can't give 3.5 stars I'll go with four. It's really nice to see a growing number of decent dim sum restaurants in town. Hopefully this is a trend that will continue. 

By the way, they have a take out counter also, as well as a regular menu. We'll check that out sometime in the future and report back.
um... two lobsters with noodles for only $19, which is great!
This is really traditional Chinese Dim Sum. As a picky eater, this is our newest favorite Dim Sum place in the East Valley. 

This is also our official meetup place for people to learn Chinese table manners and learning Chinese Language. We meet every few weeks on Sunday. You can also take out the Dim Sum, which we usually do when there is crowd. This place used to be empty when they started few years ago. Now the word of mouth brought them so many customers. You will have to wait in you come after 11:30AM. A friend of mine come down there every week from fountain hills to meet with us. 

The staff is very nice and friendly. They also have a quiet room for reservation if you have party of 10 more. If you are shopping at Lee Lee supermarket, you don't want to miss this Dim Sum place.
Um.... their dim sum still maintain its quality. However, their regular dishes do not taste that good anymore. I heard that they changed the chef and that could explain why.

We stop going there for dinner because of that. Besides, I can get the better quality with lower price from China King, C Fu, Jade House, China Max and Jong Wah.

One note is that C Fu offer wider variety of live fish too, it is not only live Tilapia, but also live Sea Bass and another one which I forgot its name.
very typical dim sum. i don't know why it's still called a buffet though since they are no longer a buffet.
Does anybody know how to eat chicken feet?  This is my second time going to Phoenix Palace and everytime they offer me the chicken feet, I always decline. Not because of way they might taste, but i don't know what part of the foot to eat!  We'll i ask some of my coworkers who have tried it and filled me in on how to eat those suckers!
I love this place because they have a good amount of dim sum dishes you can try.  I usually go for the gai lan (chinese broccoli w/ oyster sauce) and the chow mein, which they give a very small portion.  But all things i have tried are great.  Other dim sum places are great but i tend to order alot of things that it's kinda pricey after picking too much stuff.  The reason i like this place is it's a little cheaper then the others places nearby.  And the staff a very friendly on letting you know what the dim sum varieties are.  Great Place!
Came here just once on a Saturday and it was busy.  Lucky though, we got there when they had just opened and since they have private rooms for large gatherings, it seemed like we had the whole place (or room) to ourselves.

We had several traditional Chinese dishes, but from the aromas and the crowds, I'm guessing the Dim Sum was really good.  The family style dish portions were good and the food was fresh and tasty.  However, I do wish they used just a little less sesame oil to cook the dishes, which were on the oily side.  Parking was okay, but the shopping center gets packed fast on the weekends.  Restrooms were very clean too (a plus at Asian restaurants).
I went here with a friend for lunch looking to try something different. We knew it would be a bit awkward for us gringos walking into a place that is geared towards Asians with foul hanging in the window.

To be seated we were asked if we were there for lunch or dim sum, we said lunch and were escorted to the cheap seats.

Upon viewing the menu, I realized there were virtually no vegetarian options. The only thing I saw was the fried tofu.  The included egg drop soup was not vegetarian either.  

When my meal finally came, it was not what I expected. It was basically nine battered and fried pieces of tofu with rice on the side. Despite looking quite good, the batter was devoid of any flavor, and the tofu was extremely soft which was not the ideal texture. 

This meal was not too cheap either and I left hungry. At least for lunch this is far from being on my list of places to go.

PS this is not a buffet despite the name
This is my new favorite place for Dim Sum in the valley.  We have dim sum at least once a month and have tried Great Wall, Golden Buddha, China King and C-Fu gourmet.  I believe that Phoenix Palace is the best of the bunch.

Here is why:
1.  Food quality:  Every dish was prepared perfectly.  Most were slightly above the other restaurants in term of taste.  There were exceptions (we like the shrimp stuffed eggplant best at C-Fu, and the chow mein better at Golden Buddha), but in general, this place was better.
2.  Cleanliness:  Not that other places are not clean, but this place was spotless
3.  Price:  We order almost the same thing at most dim sum restaurants as we have our favorite dishes.  We ordered more than usual here this morning to try some things (10 dishes total) and our bill was $25.78.  We usually average $33-$35 at the other places, and we brought quite a bit home
4.  Selection:  I have seen that the selection has decreased at the other places as their clientele diminishes.  For instance at Golden Buddha, one of the original dim sum places in the valley, you would wait at least 30 minutes if you did not get there before 11am.  Now it seems that the place is barely full, regardless of when you arrive.  As a result, the selection seems to have gone down.  At Phoenix Palace, we simply could not order everything.  When we left, there were still many things that we had still not tried.  We also had a few things that we had never had before (very surprising since we have dim sum so often)
5.  Location:  I live in the Ahwatukee area, so this is slightly closer than Golden Buddha, and far closer than Great Wall.
WOW!!...This was the first time I tried Dim Sum in Phx and i was really surprised to find something really good. 
The place looks small from the outside but its a good size dim sum place. The service was fast and good...they came around the carts frequently. We mostly had the shrimp stuff and it was EXCELLENT!
Great find and cheap...we both had a good amount until we were full and the bill came to $16!!!
My favorite dim sum in the East Valley... generally the best of the best rotates every other year... as chef's move or some new hot shot comes in from Cali or HK...  for the moment.. it's here!

Another cool part is that, though not as fresh by the time you take it to go, is you could order dim sum off the menu... or on the right as you enter, some of the dim sum is there ready for you to take home for an impromtu meal or snack.

Haven't done dinner here yet, sort of scared too in case the dishes don't live up to the spectucular yum of its dim sum!
Ok, not good or recommended if you are a vegetarian, but if you are not and like to share food...this is a nice place to come with friends and try different options from their dim sum!!! I don't remember even one name of the things I've tried, so yes...it was really useful to have a Chinese friend with us.
Terrific dim sum!  

It's your standard Monterey Park style Cantonese seafood joint and I mean that as the highest compliment. It's also very busy and thus, very fresh.

At peak dim sum times, it's usually full and the crowd is 95% Chinese.  Everything is fresh and authentic and also extremely cheap.  Not much more to say about - it's like any dim sum place in Southern California or Hong Kong.

The last time we were there, one of the chefs (who was Chinese and could only speak Cantonese, despite what the other reviewer seems to be implying) came by our table with a hot hotel tray full of sweet pastries just out of the oven.  They were superb.  

Highly recommended if you're in the area (next to the Chandler Lee Lee market).  If you're looking for Kung Pao chicken, this is not the place for you.

Hard for a couple to spend more than $25 here.
That's right I tried it again... I'm a sucker for torture. Reading all the reviews about the "Yummy in my tummy" Dim sums being served here I decided to be part of that action. It must have been a slow day (Thursday 12:30) but there weren't any fresh carts around and thus my First Round of traditional dump sum was a crashing failure (sticky skins with dimsums collapsing on touch)

The second round I decided to go with the non-skin offerings (bbq pork, chicken feet and beef tendon[with curry powder, blech!!]). Not very impressive, though the chicken feet was quite good, jalapeno in the marinating sauce !?. 

The redeeming dish was the desert tray which came out fresh and hot. The bean and pork buns were heavenly.

Will try this out with my Zong guo peng you tomorrow (3rd time better be the charm)
Third round
Was really really really busy on sunday for dim sum but still everything was sooooo good, expect the duck. If it wasn't for the duck I would have given the place 5 stars. I highly recommend the shrimp dumplings, noodles, and pork & corn dumplings. Great staff, friendly and reasonable price.
First things first ... contrary to its name, this place is not a Buffet, at least in the traditional sense. Also - Dim Sum Hours are limited, so check their website.

Three of us went to Phoenix Palace to celebrate a friend's birthday and enjoy a nice Dim Sum brunch. We were promptly greeted and seated at a nice table in the aisle (which is by the way prime seating - the carts were whizzing by offering all kinds of delectable things). I was happy to find that the vast majority of customers (90% or more) were Asian and heard quite a bit of Cantonese and Mandarin being spoken, so I know this place must be close to authentic to garner this kind of "street cred" among the Asian crowd. By noon, the place was almost chock full. So point of advice, get there by 11 AM to get a good table and avoid a wait.

 The Dim Sum on offer was overall very good, very tasty. The skin items (dumplings) were very good, and the pork buns were also very good (though a little bit more pork might have been a bit better). Overall the portion sizes were decent (three of most things, four of other things), and I could conceivably see one filling up here for under $10 easily, but we had a birthday to celebrate after all. The only thing that was under par was the rice noodle shrimp, which is basically a giant rice noodle wrapped around shrimp then steamed, it was just a tad over steamed. I had a nice rice congee with Chao Quay (fried bread), which reminded me of Indonesia (we called it Chakwe there - almost the same thing) ... oh the memories... but I digress. 

Service was prompt, efficient, and the quality was good. Staff were responsive to our questions about what things were and what they had. Also I didn't see the congee cart and asked the waitress if they had congee, she said yes and asked me what kind I wanted, and she ran over to the cart and got me my congee. Excellent service. The price was very good ... we had a total of 14 dishes between the three of us, plus tea service for me, and iced tea for one, and water for the other. The total bill was about $40 for three people, which I have to say is less than the tab for the three of us at other brunch locales downtown (though to be fair, it was quite a lot of food). 

Overall, a great place for the Dim Sum neophyte. Though perhaps not the caliber of places in San Francisco or even the mecca of Dim Sum (Hong Kong), this is certainly one of the better places in the valley for Dim Sum. 

Positives:  A good example of traditional Dim Sum (if not a perfect one),
                 Good food, great place for groups. Good service. The place 
                 is also VERY clean. 

Negatives:  For me this is a positive, but a due warning to Westerners with ideas of being "culturally superior" or otherwise demanding tourists:  Goinghere is akin to a mini trip to Hong Kong or even China. Be aware that eating Dim Sum is not just a different culinary experience, but also is about participating in a different culture and pace of life. Have an open mind, and above all BE PATIENT. So if you don't see the carts (or the cart you want) coming by for a few of minutes, chill out, enjoy your tea or other beverage, and relax. If you can't handle this, go to a Chinese Buffet. 

Oh yes, and before I forget, GRADES:

Overall:   A- (no other demerits taken other than mentioned below)

Service:  A-  (The only major demerit on service was that the English 
                       spoken by some of the cart pushers was not intelligible
                       however this is excusable as this is a Chinese place - 
                       the "specials" board was completely in Chinese)

Food:   A-  (A good example of traditional Dim Sum. Some demerits 
                   include over steamed Shrimp rice noodle [some firmness
                   is better], the Har Gao (shrimp dumplings) were good, 
                   but on the verge of being over-steamed)

Drinks:  No Grade (we did not consume any alcoholic beverages, so no grade is given in this category - though I have to say my Oolong tea was delicious).
Good dim sum - and the prepared dishes looked excellent, too, but I only had the dim sum.  4 1/2 stars rounded up to 5 because they gave me a free sesame bun!  I'd like that special board translated into English...
So my wife and I, and her brother and SIL, went for dim sum this past Saturday.  We went due to the good reviews on Yelp and also the fact that both C-Fu and China restaurant in Chandler are going downhill really fast.  I would say that the dim sum was pretty good and that is why I gave it four stars.  The pricing for most of the dim sum choices are also pretty good.  They have a wide variety of dishes and all kinds of sweets, meats, stews, etc. etc.  Another thing we like is that you can order a combo of three different dim sum treats if they are the same price since a single order is for three thingies anyway.  This makes it very easy to try some things that you might not have seen or tried before.  Again, the food is pretty darn good.  

Now a couple of criticisms -- the tables need Lazy Susan's on them.  We ordered so many dishes that you just cannot reach across the table to try all the things.  The other criticism is that the meats that are cut and served at the dim sum tables is priced outrageously from how they are priced at the BBQ counter.  For instance, you can get a whole roast duck for $16.50 at the BBQ counter, but at the tables about a quarter of a duck will run you $7.00, which equates to $28.00 for a whole duck.  Same thing for the roast pork.  At the BBQ counter, a pound of roast pork will cost you $8.95, but at the table, about 6 oz. will run $7.00 which equates to about $18 per pound.  I realize that the table service should be a little more, but not that high!  And on top of all that, you cannot go buy a pound of roast pork at the BBQ counter and bring it in to the table and eat it with your other dim sum choices.
First time I've ever been introduced to Dim sum via some foodie friends.   
The name is deceiving as it's not a buffet, they wheel around carts with tons of food variants on them and you choose what you want off the cart - they write on your ticket... you eat... good deal.

So I don't know half of the stuff I ate but it was all good with the exception of some pork balls I had a slight issue with the texture... I'm a white guy from the midwest, never had this stuff before, give me a break lol.

I do, however remember the Snow Mountain Rolls I believe they were called?  Sugary pastry with a very good creme filling... kind of like a creme-filled doughnut but not :/  Super good tho.

Dumplings... they were awesome, and also a safe bet if you don't know what to get.  I'd go back but only with foodie friends that help me decide what to eat :)

Also... a table of 5 ate for like 50 bucks... that surprised me greatly with the amount of food we had on the table... to the point there wasn't any room left!
i'm a creature of habit.  if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  if you found a gem, stop looking for a replacement gem.

we're talking China King.  we thought we found mecca.

1 mile from home

decent prices

tastes great

standing room only with a lotta jet black haired people lined up

a happy place

our sunday morning after church go to

we had tried phoenix palace dim sum when it 1st opened (everything for $2.25, even the normally $3 and up stuff?)  how bad can it be?

we left the place saying, "what was that we just ate"

not bad, just not memorable

back to our happy place (china king)

then through the chinese-restaurant gossip vine, we hear that it's under new management and it's the place to be.

we reluctantly meet our family there with low expectations ready to go home afterwards to eat something else to take up the slack

much to our surprise, this place has changed.

the prices are comparable, the place is 95% full, and we were wondering where the standing room only crowd that we use to try and beat at 10:30 at china king were ending up at.

they're here.

with us.

from now on.

dare i try the place on the southwest corner of dobson and warner

no way jose

wild horses couldn't drag me there

the new happy place

you should try it

it will be your new happy place

it's late, i'll stop now
so we order 7 dishes

go ahead, take a guess what that adds up to before taxes?

WRONG!  

can you say $15.75? divide that by 7 and you get $2.15 per

it's a flat rate (none of the multi-tiered pyramid ramp up pricing)

the stuff that we usually order that falls into the 2nd and 3rd tier pricing structure was all $2.15!

this is a sign of the times ladies and gentlemen

if you wanna pay more  and impress your inlaws and friends, go and eat at the other places
I love dim sum.

This place has all the regular stuff plus their own creations.  All of the items we tried were great.

It's a delicious and inexpensive place to enjoy a weekend meal with friends.

My favorite dish is the chicken feet!
A really nice Chinese restaurant in Arizona :) It was recommended by people in my Chinese church, and it makes me feel like home (Hong Kong) every time I go there (the food, the music, the people...)!! :D 

I personally think that the dim sum is better than C-fu and China King (but dinner in China King isn't bad :p, just that I think the dim sum's better here). Me, my family and my church friends frequent this restaurant ever since. :)

Haven't tried eating dinner here though, but will try that probably tomorrow night with family! :p
Update 11/13/10  I've had various regular dishes here now in addition to the dim sum.  Very good place.  Mostly Chinese clientle.  The English amongst some of the servers is weak, and the special board is written in Chinese only, but the menu is printed Chinese/English side by side, which is the way it should be, as opposed to many Chinese restaurants with their special Chinese menu with the good stuff on it, and the English menu with the fried rice and crab puff junk.

July 1, 2011 note:  I haven't been here lately, but I've gotten some reports that it's not as good as it was.  That may be reflected in the newer Yelp reviews.
Tried this place for the first time last weekend.  The food was good, plentiful and relatively cheap.  I really like their sticky rice and steamed ginger tripe.  The roast duck was also tasty.
I must say this is the best Dim Sum that I have ever have in my life and the best service at a Chinese restaurant I think I will ever get. The setup is typical as any other Chinese Dim Sum place but everyone from the hostess to waiter to busboy is friendly as can be.  

Everything is delicious and super fresh from chicken feet(urgh.....but according to my BFF Cathy it's great) to home made egg custard tart(best thing I have ever put into my mouth). 

Must try:
Ginger Tripe
Egg custard tart
Chicken feet
Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce( perfectly cooked both at the stalk and leaves with the right amount of oyster sauce....who could imagine veggie could be so good)
Sticky rice
Taro balls


Your tummy and taste bud would thank you.

Enjoy :)
My wife and I come here a lot, I grew up eating sunday dim sum in the valley, and being chinese, i didnt really have a choice back then! lol..  They have a lot of the traditional dishes you see at all of the other dim sum restaurants in arizona, and more!! my favorite is jia leung (sp) breakfast donut wrapped in rice noodle with a sweet soy dressing and scallions..  SO  GOOD!!
This is not a buffet.

I went in on a Tuesday 7 PM. The place was dead.

I got the hot and sour soup which was pretty good.
5.95. Pretty good portion. Split between 3 people.

XO sauce spicy fried rice...
NOT spicy at all. Very bland.
Probably won't get that again.

Assorted veggies plate with rice...
it was okay.
Wasn't the best I ever had but not bad either.

Service was kind of slow, as it took a while to get seated when there was nobody else in the restaurant,
and longer than I would like for them to take my order.

You have to ask for ice waters if you want it otherwise they won't give it to you.
You only get tea :p

They pour your tea for you and serve your soup for you which is kind of nice.

But the food... nothing too special to drive a long way for.

Overall, I don't think I will go again, but I guess its a good place to get to go stuff if you're into that.

I also noticed they do dim sum till 3 PM.
Great dim sum. Long wait, so come early, especially over the weekend. Can be confusing at first but don't worry, you'll get the hang of it. Good food but probably won't be back.....
We eat here at least twice a month.

There are two things that set this place apart from most other dim sum restaurants in America, never mind just in Phoenix.

1. A chef who loves to bake.  The head chef, Sam, is constantly baking up really delicious specials.  These are typically sweets/desserts and they are awesome.  He will come out to the tables on a busy weekend with a hot baking sheet full of pastries.  If he offers, by all means, take some!

2. Extremely accommodating service.  We take all of of friends there and that includes some very picky eaters, as well as kids.  I've never seen any restaurant go to such lengths to make sure everybody is happy, including making all kinds of off-menu items to satisfy the pickiest eaters.

Bottom line, it rocks!
We were visiting friends in Scottsdale and they brought us to eat here - twice.  We had a great dinner here on new years eve with my favorites - hot and sour soup and peking duck (among other things).  They had a huge private party going on, but pretty much gave us a private room with karaoke and served us pretty quickly. Despite getting here late, we still made it out of here in time to celebrate on our own.  We then returned for dim sum and were not disappointed. We had to wait a bit because we arrived late, but it was worth it.  The food was fresh and hot - and they had these desserts (snowballs or something) that we haven't found anywhere else. Our friends come here every weekend - and they are the ultimate foodies - so we were not disappointed.
This is a decent dim sum for the moment. The siu mai is my favorite, hot and fresh! Char Siu Bao is good too. Not dry and over steamed.

The hargow was a little funky. The wrapper was a bit too thick and chewy, giant chunks of shrimp, but not too much flavor.  Same with the sticky rice, it had a funny aftertaste....too much lap cheong (chinese sausage) 

This place is not a buffet.  It used to be one before and I think they just kept the name.  Get there early, (before noon) if you want to have more selection and fresher dim sum!
I don't believe this restaurant has a buffet for dinner any longer. Tucked into the most Asian intersection in Phoenix, Phoenix Palace is a gigantic open space of a dining room and looks like a very authentic place. There are always tables of Chinese men drinking coffee and catching up on weekend nights. On Friday and Saturday nights, you'll be able to catch Chinese karaoke night from about 10PM on. 

They serve fantastic food. Nothing here (at least on the menu they give us whiteys) is really out of the norm from your normal Chinese place. They have a couple of dishes I'm not accustom to, but mostly is the familiar Kung Pao, Beef & Broccoli, Hot and Sour Soup, etc.

The food here was delicious, service was perfect, and the atmosphere was truly one of a kind for Phoenix. If you'd have asked me a month ago where you could go for Chinese karaoke, I'd have said San Francisco, Los Angeles, or New York City. Well, now I know, and my life is complete. 

I wouldn't hesitate to go back here for more meals. The food is incredbly tasty and fresh.
beware of the hidden  65 cent surcharge per person for tea even if you don't drink tea?  really.

The crazy thing is, i'm sure no one even notices the extra cost because who checks the bill?

When I mentioned it to the cashier, she was stuttering and stammering and started to back pedal and said  "oh, is this your 1st time?  we can remove it from the bill"

I said forget it, keep it.

i usually tip 20-30% but i'll just let them keep their meager 65 per charge.

  yeah, really worth losing a customer for?

my 4 year old daughter even gets the gratuitus tea party charge and she only drinks water.

gone are the $2.15 per item flat rate (can you say bait and switch?)

$2.35 PER so now they're no different from the rest of the dim sum places.

as sneaky as C-FOO trying to strong arm the 15% gratuity (which failed miserably and lost us and about 100 of our friends as customers)

so in a down economy, you're supposed to raise your prices and sneak in stealthy surcharges?

it's the chinese way i guess

back to china king for us.  sorry china king for being disloyal with having a brief and sordid affair with the palace.

will you forgive us? haha
Weekends here are very busy, but there is good reason why!  We got here around 12:45, and while there were a lot of people waiting for tables around the entrance, it took ~15-20 minutes for our number to be called for a party of 4.  Once you are there, carts come by fairly often, so you are not waiting too long for the next dim sum items.  They have the standard items such as shu mai, har gow, chicken feet, taro and turnip cake, bbq pork bao, as well as a few rarer items such as breaded seafood roll (very good btw), and beef tendon.  I was disappointed that they didn't have my favorite sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf, but after eating so much food it didn't really matter too much to me.  They also had some jook/congee (egg and pork or dry scallop).  We tried the scallop congee and it was just OK, not a lot of flavor in the broth.  Each item is a little over $2 unless you get a specialty item such as some sort of veggie plate (we had a plate of marinated green beans) which will be $5 and up.  Generally, the quality of the food is very good, and you will leave very full with not too much of an empty wallet.
I really want to give NO STAR. This is absolutely the worst restaurant ever. No service. Had to get my own water jug to pour my own water.  and the food is absolutely horrible. i wouldn't call it chinese food. i wouldn't even call it asian food. It's edible. that all i can say.  It's a restaurant to fool white people who never had real chinese cuisine.  It's lucky its in AZ, because if this food court were in CA, it would never survive.  NO chinese ppl with a decent palate will ever walk into this imitation panda express which is worse than panda express.  i feel sorry for AZ residents where good cuisine is really lacking.
I was just there this morning.  And again about two weeks ago.  I think the food is still pretty good and they changed their stupid pricing policy about not being able to buy BBQ at the deli and then sitting down and ordering some other dishes and eating some BBQ that we just bought.  But my gripe this morning is the crappy customer service.  I hate to generalize, but many Chinese restaurants have crappy attitudes about customers and feel that they are doing the customers a favor by taking our money and patronage.  I was there at 10 am the opening time to buy some BBQ.  I waited until 10:10 before they opened the doors, although the people saw me standing there.  And when I walked in, it took them another five minutes to grumpily ask me what I wanted.  Again, hate to generalize by many Chinese and Korean restaurants are like this.  Why is that?  Must be the heritage or something.
Absolutely terrible. Had 2 meals delivered, this was horrible. Both dishes. They should be paying me.  I ordered delivery and due to the minumum was required to spend a certain dollar amount, no problem, ordered two entrees, figured I'd have the other the next day.  The food delivered was as if it had been sitting in a bin for many hours as everything came dried out, cold and no flavor.  the sweet and sour shrimp didn't even have the sweet and sour sauce.  they gave these little to go packets of hot sauce and duck sauce.  First and last time I eat from this place.  I can't find away to take away the one star I've given this place.  Oh well
Hello awesome! Love this restaurant - their dim sum is delicioussss! They've got great selections, and I love being able to head over to their bakery area and snag a couple bun things to go. Service is not so great - but seriously - what do you expect, it's really not unusual for this sort of setup. I would give it 5 stars except that I hate their char-siapao - the bbq bun - this is one of my faves, since I was a little kid and theirs taste blech. I go here often, and stuff my face - awesome food for an awesome price.
I am not partial to Chinese food.  I will never eat it alone or if the dining option is left for me to decide.  Chinese cuisine is something I find mediocre in general.  That said a 3 star rating from me should be viewed as impressive as I'll always be a tough customer when it comes to Chinese food.

Beef lo mein was my dish of choice.  The noodles were good and it was served with ample cuts of beef.  I was impressed that the noodles weren't as veggie heavy as I've had at other places.  Typically it does not take very long before I'm picking over vegetation in search of noodles and/or meat.

My friend ordered squid with ginger and he was very impressed.  He lived with a Chinese woman for 2 years so he knows a thing or two about Chinese food.  He liked Phoenix Palace a lot.

The complimentary tea was good and a nice touch to the meal. 

Oddly enough this is the only Chinese restaurant I have visited and not received a fortune cookie at the end of the meal.
Being from Orange County, I grew up eating at some really great Dim Sum places. Though this place doesn't quite have the variety and the atmosphere of other places I've been to, the food is pretty good. Being from Phoenix, it's a bit of a drive to come out here to eat, however, it's conveniently located in an shopping center with Lee Lee's (Asian grocery) and a Boba tea place. There's also a Pho restaurant in the same lot, though I've never tried it.
Not only surprised to even find Dim Sum in Phoenix but to find good Dim Sum was a great find!!!
Dim sum was ok...hot tea cup is there for each plate...they will charge u all even if one person drinks!
Not a buffet, but really good restaurant overall. Definitely not a "five-star" establishment in the traditional sense, but if you want good Chinese food at good prices with a true Chinese restaurant feel, this is a good place.
After dim summing at the Chinese Cultural Complex and the Great Wall in Phoenix, I feel confident declaring this the Valley winner for Dim Sum. I've been here a number of times over the years and have had a delicious experience each time. The key is to get there before 11:00AM so you don't have a long wait. Any time after 11:15AM pretty much guarantees the place will be packed to the brim.  Also, they run out of snowballs after 11:00AM and that is pretty much the most awesome pastry ever. PPB has loads of carts roaming around so you are never without food, and the prices are great. Obviously the bigger your party the lower your bill will be, no matter how much more you order. It's dim sum insanity! 

Seriously, who can eat 'regular' chinese food again after a healthy dose of steamed dumplings, soups, chicken feet and light fluffy pastries? 

Do yourself a favor and make the drive to Phoenix Palace Buffet!
In Mesa/Gilbert/Chandler area, this place is as good as it gets for dimsum. Coming from southern CA with delicious dimsum, I would say the choices here are decent, the table arrangements are pretty comfortable, and the setting is friendly and full of families. It's a great place for an outing or a casual event and just sipping tea (we ordered the Chrysanthemum Tea with flowers).

Actually, the best thing about this restaurant is the price. It's affordable. I came with 6 people total and we ate our hearts out. The price came out to be no more than $11 including tip per person. 

Only tidbit is I enjoy flavored food, and the food here is a little more bland than I prefer. Request some yellow mustard and chili spices to dip your dishes in and flavor up your food!
Yesterday 07-09-11 I had my first dim sum. It was ok. Too many bread items. The girl with the fried chicken and egg rolls, etc walked so fast I couldn't get her attention. I left their without eating any meat. Not by choice. I would go back and eat off the regular menu. Plus, I was the only one out of 200 that wasn't Asian. That has to tell you something about the food.
I don't know why I haven't written a review of this place yet.  Been there at least 5 times; well I do enjoy dim sum; and really enjoy Phoenix Palace.  The moon cakes; are wonderful pastries that I always have to get when I'm there.  The only draw back is the "waiting" area; it's not very large and just like Great Wall; it can get very crowded very fast.  I'm definately a fan!!!
07/20/11

2.75 stars.

Was shopping for tamarind candy and pan de sal at Lee Lee's, whiling away time before I was to meet an aunt at Mekong Plaza to dine at one (or two) of the food kiosks there, when I received a text from her saying she'd been in an accident.  Dropping everything, I met her at the scene.  An hour and a half later (she's not hurt, and the other driver was ticketed), I was starving for nourishment and aunt was not, so we headed back to the Lee Lee plaza to wait for her ride.  I was craving for noodles and was heading to Pho Van, when we walked by Phoenix Palace and decided I'd give it another try, as aunt gave it a green light, and I remembered from reading "recent" reviews that it was under "new"  management.  (Last time I visited was two years ago.)

A child host greeted and sat us at a booth.  (OK, she's Asian, so she probably was 13 years old... I know how it is... when I was 18, people thought I was 12, and now I'm... well, let's just get back to the review, shall we?)  We both ordered water, and I studied the menu.  After about ten minutes, the server that kept walking by our table finally approached to ask if I we were ready to order.  I asked if the BBQ pork lo mein came w/ vegetables.  He said that the chow mein had mushrooms, but the lo mein would not have any veggies.  "No veggies?," I asked.  Can you add some?  He said, after some thought, "bok choy," and I said yes.  I also asked if broccoli and snow peas can be added.  He said OK.  "No celery, or carrots, OK?"  He nodded yes.  I also ordered a batch of crab puffs.

The crab puffs arrived 15 minutes later, all golden-brown and smelled wonderful.  I liked the crunch of the fresh-from-the-fryer wonton wraps, but found that the sweetened cream cheese and crab filling too sweet.  I decided to eat a couple before the entree and save the rest for dessert.  (I found that I enjoyed the crab puffs more when I thought of it as a dessert, and not as an appetizer.)  The lo mein arrived four minutes after (19 minutes after time of order), looking delicious, but definitely cooked w/ carrots.  I didn't complain and let the matter drop.  I'd only expected bok choy, broccoli, and snow peas; Instead, I saw bok choy, carrots, cabbage, bean sprouts, spring onions, and garlic!  The exclusion of broccoli was A-OK- I hadn't really wanted it in there; I just didn't want "just bok choy."  The dish was very good!  Loved the sauce that it was sauteed in, though the BBQ pork was a little too fatty for my taste- I worked around it.  What I really didn't enjoy were the pieces of bitter bok choy.  Some were sweet, and after finding two bitter chunks, I thought I'd see if there was a reason why they were bitter.  A-ha!  Those that were bitter were bites close to bases of the stalks, which had particles that looked like dirt, while those that tasted sweet were cubed pieces, or stalks that didn't contain those dirt-like particles (see photos).  Needless to say, I felt less-enthused about the noodles after that.  Back to those crab puffs!

Server was unobtrusive, but could be found, if I needed him.  The woman who gave me the ticket and my fortune cookie was very sweet...  OK, Phoenix Palace.  One more strike in a few months, or maybe two years, and you're out!

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=ygt_oEC7K_ukEGlFdMWpow
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=f7Ci-_b6cb0BZg3QgvZHYg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=PHZJQhzvrwBhmsxWV5aYDg
Best Dim Sum in the East Valley. Try to get there as early as 11AM for fresh and full cart of Dim Sum. If you go there late there won't be much left. I love baked bbq pork buns. Custard buns are great too, more custard than flours! Love it! Service can be slow on the weekends due to the big crowds.
still the best in AZ!  Tried an old spot that used to be good last week, definitely made me love this place even more..  Phoenix Palace, you are the KING!
Very efficient if at times pushy service which is not unusual for dimsum restaurants.  We were part of the first group in the restaurants so the carts hadnt ramped up.  What was surprising is that the first two carts driving one behind the other were packed with identical dishes.  It would have made sense if they travelled in different directions at least!

The basic food items like shumai, shrimp dumplings, pork ribs in black bean sauce were decent.  We also ordered a plate of chow fun which was good.  Decent dim sum, perhaps slightly more efficient than c-fu gourmet across the intersection.
First of all, if you are going to have dim sum, go early during the weekend because that is when the quality and freshness are best. Also go in a large group so that the bill is less for everyone. I have been here a few times on Sunday mornings around 10 am and never have to worry about waiting for a table. They have a decent selection of dim sum dished. My usual's are the "footballs", the Hau gau, and the taro cakes, all of which are decent. If you wait long enough, you might be able to get your hands on the coconut pastries called "snow balls" which are very enjoyable. In a hungry group of 4, you can expect to pay $20-25 total as a group and not want to eat anything for the next 6-12 hours.
My parents came into town and insisted on having Chinese food, but I told them that I didn't think there would be any authentic Chinese food in the middle of a desert. Well...

After stopping by the Lee Lee supermarket next door (uber Asian!) my parents and I wandered into this place, unsure of what it would hold... and lo and behold! Dim sum? Cantonese speaking servers? 

I was pleasantly surprised by how authentic this place was, with the push-around carts and the loud boss running around poking fun at his employees. Everything about this place made me feel like I was back home in NY eating in Chinatown... 

CONS: I got a little stomach ache from the 'lo mai gai' or rice wrapped in lotus leaf and unfortunately suffered from that for the rest of the day. I also think the seafood could have been fresher... Also, not too many choices but then again, if there's only a few authentic Chinese restaurants in the area, I won't complain if it's the run-of-the-mill dishes...

PROS: The 'dan tat' or egg tart is pretty good, though I do prefer my crust to be a little more moist.
Today was my very first visit on Friday after Thanksgiving at 11:40am. The place was full like a weekend. I thought the hagow and shrimp and scallop dumplings had very thick skins, so I discarded them and just ate the fillings. There were no sui mai for an hour and just the same 2 carts going around and around. The sui mai were okay, but lacked shrimp and tasted a bit bland. Finally, some ham shui gok's (fried footballs stuffed with meat) came along with some sesame balls. We ordered the fried footballs and they were stone cold! I told the cart lady and she just shrugged her shoulders, like saying what could she do? Finally some panfried turnip cake came around and it was also cold. The trays of baked goodies came around often and they all looked very good, but we are more fans of the savory, rather than sweet so we felt that the variety was lacking in that department. We never saw any bean curd meat rolls, or stuffed peppers in black bean sauce either?I would give this place another try, but right now I feel The China King had better tasting dim sum plus you can order the fried footballs and turnip cake off the menu and know it will be hot upon arrival. The service staff were also rushing around past our table and that was a bit distracting. Maybe they were not expecting such a large crowd for a Friday?
Loved this place.  My best friend recommended it, she comes here every Sunday for dim sum brunch.  Service was fast, the carts came by every so often and almost everything we had was delicious - sticky rice, shrimp balls, shu-mai, pork buns, spare ribs and roast duck!  And best of all?  We paid only over $25+  for so much food!  A must try!
This is one of the best dimsum I have had in the US.

The service was amazing. The food carts and bussers circle the dining room continuously and are there to drop off foodie pick up plates immediately. You can also ask for specific dishes if you need to. 

The food was excellent. They do not skimp on their items. All of the dimsum pieces were packed with meat and each dumpling was good for two large bites. The contents were juicy and flavorful. You can also choose from a few diffent flavors of hot tea, including oolong. A few of the dishes that were especially good were the stir fry noodles, Shanghai dumplings, and siu mai pork dumplings.

Lastly, I was amazed at the price. For two people with about six dishes and drinks, it was under $20. 

I definitely recommend Phoenix Palace Buffet for anyone looking for dimsum in the Phoenix area.
Ok, so this place isn't my favorite dim sum ever (reigning title goes to Yank Sing in San Francisco).  But when I get that craving for some delicious carb focused dim sum, Phoenix Palace is where I go.  It's the best we know of in the valley to feed our fix and definitely affordable.  bbq pork buns are my favorite :)  

So if you're looking for some good dim sum in the valley, head here, because you won't find better unless you head to SF or China.
This place has me seriously reconsidering where I live and contemplating a move to Chandler. This is where I find cultural hotspots like asian markets, boba cafes and finally....dim sum! The hubs and I tried dim sum in Central Phoenix at the Chinese Cultural Center - no bueno. We went once and never had an urge to go back.  We had almost given up hope in finding a decent dim sum place when we strolled upon Phoenix Palace Buffet. 

Dim Sum ends at 3pm and we stopped in at 2:30pm. They were still welcoming and stocked with fresh food choices. We tried their sticky rice, bbq pork buns, shrimp dumplings, rice noodles and taro cakes. One bite and we knew this place was legit. 

We are sooooo looking forward to when we can go there again. The only downside is that it's a good 30 minute drive to this area so we can't enjoy dim sum on a weekly basis like we used to in SoCal. Bummer.
I am only reviewing the Dim Sum.  Went there on a Saturday afternoon and man o man, it is packed to the gills!  Thank goodness we made a reservation for 18 and requested to seat in the main dinning room.  

The dim sum carts were flying all over the aisles.  Some carts will stop by to ask what you like and some fly by without getting you a chance to see what is available.  We had so many dishes, so I will only comments on the ones that I remember.

Pros:
Lai Bak Go (Taro Fried Cakes) - Warm, perfected fried on both sides, and tasty
Shu Mai (Dumplings) - Pretty large sizes, good taste, and warm
Char Sui Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns) - BBQ was flavorful and steamed perfectly
Pork and Preserved Egg Rice Soup - OMG, good!!!
Gar Lear (Fried Bread wrapped with flat rice noodles) - Crispy bread, soft noodles, and mixed with the perfect soy sauce mixture

Con:
Black bean with spare ribs - flavorless and oily
White Snow Buns - Deflated and undone

I need to come back!!!
Busy, tasty, and courteous staff for Dim Sum!

Dim sum is hard to come by in Phoenix.  Even more so good dim sum.  That's odd given the size of the Phoenix-Metro area and the asian/pacific islander population.  Phoenix Palace helps fill that hole in a shopping area that seems to be our version of Asian Town.

Food and experience are what you know if you've lived in China, only minus the grand hall.  Pastries, seaweed salad, duck, sui mai, noodle and rice dished, bok choi, and other servings were all yummers, cooked well, and with fast-paced fun.  Clean restaurant and it was fun watching the nine year-old hostess manage the surges of customers.

Staff was quick and accommodating.  As usual with dim sum, it can add up and become expensive if you get careless with taking too much.  Affordable if you don't go crazy.

We'll be back...
Great, every time. INCREDIBLY CHEAP!!!!

I always get the chicken feet, bao, and some steamed yellow pork thing.  ( I never remember the name).

Always the same quality, always sweet people that work there. I love it...

Actually... Now I want to eat there... Damn.
My default place to go for Dim-sum on weekend.  

The best dim-sum on the east valley.  China King is closed, but Phoenix Palace is a bit cleaner.

The take out counter is also great for getting a whole roasted duck/chicken and a few pastries.
I was amazed! being a native San Franciscan where dimsum is readily available.. I find this gem in Arizona?? The prices were ridiculously cheap, food was hot and tasty..... bean curd, siu mai, chow mein, shrimp dumpling, EVERYTHING TASTED GREAT.. (beef balls were a little gamy) quick service, wide array of food and the best part is when the bill came.. $27 bucks?? for a whole lunch for 2.... that sealed the deal. Staff was friendly and polite. I will be back! :)
Was there for brunch yesterday with my entire family and my son's family -- 8 of us total.  Had many of the dim sum dishes and some of the specialty things as well.  Also ordered an order of beef chow funn and deep fried tofu.  The deep fried tofu was very good and prepared well--you can argue that it is hard to screw up fried tofu but I have some at other places that were not very well prepared.

Overall, the dim sum we had was pretty good, but some things were slipping -- the black/bean spareribs (pai quat) was lacking in taste and the ribs were rather boney and lacking in meat.  The steam tripe was rather tasteless, and I never got my Chinese beef stew (naunam).  

The staff is friendly but most don't speak English so you have difficulty asking questions or ordering things that are not on the cart (where you can just point to what you want).  If you call over the manager or the owner, then those guys speak English so you can get your questions answered.

Their BBQ section has a nice variety of things, but their pricing is higher than other Chinese BBQ places and their products are mediocre at best.  For instance a whole roast duck is $18 here and the roast pork is $9.95 per pound.  Other places the average price for a roast duck is $16.50 and the roast pork is $8.50-$8.95 per pound.  And to top it all off, the taste is mediocre at best.  Same situation with the char siu.

But all-in-all, I cannot really complain much.  The dim sum is priced right even if their BBQ is pricey.  So I will be back when my wife or my family wants dim sum again.
It's not a buffet, just the regular dim sum carts. Not very bustling and had to wait around a bit for carts (not slow, just not back-to-back like it is at busier places) but I like their sticky rice and pineapple buns a lot. Everything else a tiny notch above C-Fu just because it's slightly less oily and the prices are lower. :)
It's the best Chinese food I can find in Phoenix area and I am a Chinese. This place is no longer a buffet restaurant. I love their services, very considerate and kind, feel like family. And the dishes taste authentic Cantonese style. If you like Dim Sum, it's so delicious and so cheap! Definitely you should try.
I was glad to find another dim-sum place in this area because the one we used to frequent of the same name (minus "Buffet") closed down on Ray and Dobson.   We walked in on a weekday afternoon for dim-sum lunch and were quickly seated.  The ladies were quick with stopping by with carts of little stainless-steel containers.  They popped the top off and would say what they were (of course she could've said "fried donkey ears" in Chinese and I would'n't have known the difference)... my friend and I tried maybe 4 or 5 little dim-sum plates plus noodles for my friend and the bill was... gasp... 12 dollars total - yeah, SUPER cheap! 

I don't know what good or bad dim-sum is, but I know that this was filling, flavorful, priced well and when I googled what I ate later that night, my pics looked the same as those online.  Note that there was definitely a language barrier, but be patient.. they offer good service and you're definitely being served by hard-working staff.  I would return for dim-sum again here.
Yikes we had my adopted father Mr. Eng funeral banquet here a year ago. 
Today it got 6 violations and a warning from the Health Dept to clean up or close down!  
Even then I thought the food was so-so. Many things were authntically presented but did not taste so well.

The service for a planned banquet was awful! My sister had to go head to head with the manager. We were waiting for tables upto 25 minutes and even then the tables were not grouped together. Their concern was making as much money as they could so they did not reserve any tables for the family/group!  Mind you we had a deposit down and planned menu!

I'm glad nobody that no one (I have heard from) got sick.
I have no interest in returning.
Only come here for Dim Sum for sit it.  Food was OK/good.  Should only come during weekends...not too many options come out during the week (don't blame them...not a consistent flow of customers).  The dim sum was good, but think it won't get better than this in AZ.  Had better in higher asian area/community (CA/WA).  Service is on the slower side, but wasn't expecting more from them.  Take out is not too much better, but convenient for busier days.  Person behind the counter don't seem like they want to work there...but who does.  Best place in east valley for Dim Sum, but only in AZ.
This review is just for the dim sum.

Frustratingly mixed experiences here, and when I consulted one of my true-blue Yelp buddies about this place, she said the same thing.  The first time that we came here, it was a Sunday around 1:30 - they were still doing a steady service of dim sum, but since they stop the carts around 3pm, the crowds had waned quite a bit.  We waited about 5 minutes for a table and were seated in the way back, which we didn't mind since it gave us space to chat and chill out.  We have a couple dim sum places back in my hometown of DC that I am out and out in love with, so I usually know exactly what I want when I go and judge most places by those standards.  Phoenix Palace made me pretty happy on that visit, serving just about all of the dishes that I crave - my husband and I plied our faces with as many dumplings from the steam cart as we could muster, roast pork with gorgeous crackling skin, the fried shrimp and chive dumplings that I seem to crave on a weekly basis, garlicky chinese broccoli and pliantly chewy baked pork buns, along with several other happy bites.  Although some of the dishes were lukewarm by the time they got to our table, we were still happy and chalked it up to coming to eat on the later side.  I'm sure that if we spoke Chinese, we may have been able to order the few things that we didn't see on the carts but had spied on their dim sum menu, but it wasn't a terribly big deal.  We definitely planned on returning.

Cue this weekend and I am jonesing for shu mai and har gow hardcore.  We make a trip to Phoenix Palace around noon on a Saturday and there is a crowd waiting in the front area.  No worries - the line at dim sum places usually moves quickly.  We see a mass of people waiting at the check in desk to get a number and the time seems to just tick by with no one coming to check anyone in.  Countless employees see no less than 20 of us waiting patiently and just walk away.  Finally, after 10 minutes of standing there, a Chinese couple flags down what seems to be a manager and he hollers at one of the girls to help out.  She briefly surveys the crowd and then walks off.  One of the few couples that already had a number and were waiting walks over to the take out desk to ask someone there for an estimate on when they'll be seated and are met with no response.  I gaze over at the folks pushing the carts around and they look haggard and a little depressed.  Although I really wanted to stay, I felt as though the universe was compelling me with all these signs of bad service to go eat elsewhere.  We bailed, but were bummed to do so.  I have mixed feelings as to whether we'll be back or not, given that we've had much worse service issues at many other places here in the Valley for a lot worse dim sum.
Just for a change of routine on a Sunday morning my family and I went with Phoenix Palace rather than C-fu. 
Hubby ordered Duck Beaks and said "Now I can say I've done that and can now cross it off my bucket list". 
The usual dim sum fare--which is great--but we didn't see anything that unusual nor different from dim sum places (except the duck beaks). But do try the turnip cakes! I recommend them highly. 
C-fu still makes better congee and curried tripe though.
Good choice for dim sum. Prompt efficient service, good food and reasonable prices.
The high point of our meal was the cold mug that our beer came in. Worst food, worst service, and just plain ick. Not that clean here either. The service was slow and inefficient with messed up orders and confusion. The food was tasteless though hot. With so many choices out there, take my advice and skip this place. Your stomach will thank you later when you are not suffering like I did. One star for the ice cold beer.
Dim sum madness with all my Asian homeys! Not everything is great but really, every dim sum I've ever been to in any state is about the same...
Why did they not have chili oil? Not too bad for a dim sum place. Try their dumplings...those are the only thing that is very good. Tgen again...I am pucky with taste......
This is for the dim sum... 

Being that I'm from California and I'm use to fresh dim sum through the day (during dim sum hours, of course). I called in at around 2PM and they stop serving dim sum at 3. I make it there in 15 minutes, got a seat, and almost everything was gone and was not fresh. Although the chicken feet came out fresh since I waited 15 minutes for it, it was not good. It was edible... But nowhere near to ANY of the restaurants I've been at. I actually spat it out. My BF had one with a nail still in it. 

The 3 star is based on their customer service alone. It's not somewhere I'd go to again to for dim sum nor would recommend.
Honestly this place has taken over as the best Dim Sum place in the East Valley, and possibly all of Arizona if Great Wall doesn't step their game up.  One dish that you need to order here is the Xiao Long Bao, it is no Din Tai Fung but it makes me happy with every soup exploding bite.
Yes!!! I am coming back here and recommend this to all you dim sum cravers and Asian tourists. The last couple of years when I visited Arizona, all I could find to eat were either  Vietnamese pho or Chinese. Now I can say that I've tried dim sum in Arizona! 

Yelped this place out and it was hard to choose from China King or Phoenix Palace but I had to make a quick choice because we wanted to eat and back to California so here we were, at phoenix palace.

Phoenix palace is located in a plaza filled with other Asian stores. It's actually across from LA fitness if you end up being in that plaza instead of the actual plaza (we got lost trying to find this place haha) 

Waiting? Ah yes... There was 10 minute wait but hey, better than 40 minute wait like the dim sum's back in Cali. That 10 minute went by quick. We did come here on a Saturday around noon, so the wait was nothing. Let the hostess or host know how many in your party, grab a number then wait for them to call it to be seated. 

Service? Hey! These ladies here who pushes carts knows English very well. Will know what kind of dim sum you are looking for if you, yourself know what you want and know what the dim sum contains. Quick with clearing out our empty dishes on the table, which is great!

Food? Liked it a lot. There were four of us and we got...

- fried squid (special order) yums. There's minced fried garlic, sliced jalapeo  and minced green onion. Eat it while it's hot! We all know how fried stuff would taste if we leave it out too long.

- Chinese brocolli with oyster sauce - it was our friend's favorite veggie. Good stuff. Still got it's crunch and not soggy! Awesome

- Seaweed - it's like a seaweed salad with pickle-ish underneath, and thinly sliced ginger hidden inside the seaweed which made it tasted even better. 

- sticky fried rice - there's eggs, Chinese diced sausages, minced dried shrimp and minced mushroom. tasted okay, but just needed a dash of soy sauce to taste better.

- sticky rice wrapped with lotus leaf or could be banana leaf - delicious. inside contains slices of shitaki mushrooms, dried shrimps and a chunk of Chinese sausage which made it tastes so good.

- shrimp paste on bell peppers - Light gravy sauce which was good. Have the lady cut it in half so you can share :)

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=n-eQ6GAV2NbnLsKyQGRq3A#yQcMdVZjHBVarx1k46LFWA
What you see up at the ceiling.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=n-eQ6GAV2NbnLsKyQGRq3A#_sbYguK9eVh2kRyUc7fruw

Overall, this dim sum place is more than just legit. With the great service they provided, I will be coming back for their dim sum and on the next visit, I will try more of their special dishes! Thumbs up!
I can here not knowing what to expect. I left full and happy. Many traditional items were on the menu as well as a few specialties. Make sure you get there early or you will have a long wait.
First off don't come here alone. Portions are for 2 or more and the menu doesn't offer more than one item and rice so it would be too much for one person to order 2 items. I ordered the Orange chicken because its a dish that is hard to screw up. Well despite the place being fairly empty and several staff on hand it seemed an eternity before any one took my order. Once my food arrived I dug in only to find the chicken flavorless with barely a hint of orange. It tasted more like sweet and sour sauce of the grocery store variety. I ate 1/5 the plate a decided I could do better at home with a packet of spicy seafood ramen. In the time it has taken for the wait staff to notice that I had given up on their tasteless dish to the time I received the cheque has been an eternity. I will never eat here again and I recommend that you don't waste you time or money. There is a plaque at the front door that claims best of Phoenix... I doubt they would win that award today.
I still think that it is amongst the very best for regular dishes.  I haven't had dim sum here in a long time but it is extremely popular.
I've been here once for dim sum w/a party of two, once with a large group and once for a large dinner party and each time the consensus has been that the food was just okay. Mind you this feedback has come primarily from Asians that have had their fair share of authentic dining all over the world, so they're quite seasoned. But coming from a white girl that is new to the world of dim sum, I'd have to agree.

I'm pretty sure that by now I've had a taste of most everything on the menu, and while nothing stands out as being outrageously delicious, nothing is particularly bad either. Some of the dishes I tend to prefer over others includes chinese broccoli, bao (pork rolls) and pineapple fried rice. Everything else is just so-so.

I do like the prices (around $2-3 a dish) and it makes for an enjoyable out-of the-ordinary-brunch outing for larger groups, but it does seem as though you get easily overlooked by the dim sum cart when you're at a small table, so I would seek alternative dining options if that's the case.
This place is great, it's a pretty big dim sum restaurant! They service here is friendly and funny. They will crack jokes with you and make sure you get what you want. The varieties of choices for dim sum is always amazing and they all always hot and fresh for you, unless other places where you'll eat a cold bun! YUCK! I came here after a new years night out and loved it! I would definitely come here again!!
came here for dim sum this past weekend and I was impressed. they have all the usual dim sum favorites and some that I've never seen at dim sum before (e.g. soup dumplings). came with a group of 12 people and our bill came out to $86 without tip. we each paid only $10 and we were all full. I am definitely coming back and bringing friends!
This is a great place to visit for dim sum here in the Phoenix area. It's best to come early, not only to beat the crowds but also to ensure you get to enjoy the full range of dim sum dishes. Sometimes if you come later not all of the carts are still out. There are lots of varieties and its very easy to order. Even for someone not fully familiar with dim sum cuisine eats super easy to ask to see the dish and point. If you need further clarification each server carries a list of the dishes they are carrying in both Cantonese and English. 

My favorites are the steamed pork buns, the shrimp and scallop dumplings, and the egg custard buns. Really everything we've had here is pretty tasty. Its nice to be able to order at any pace you want. I often sit for a little bit and then get ready for some more chow and order again. 

Prices are affordable- about 20 per person, service pretty good- although I frequently want for water, and food always tasty. Definitely worth trying.
went for dinner... good food and reasonable price. will try its dimsum on my next visit.
New favorite dim sum in Phoenix area!!  We even went back at night and had meals off the menu and it was very good as well.  The place is always busy and service is good. Prices are great, too.
Who doesn't like Dim Sum? For those who are unfamiliar with Dim Sum; essentially, it is a type of Chinese cuisine in which was modified down from what would only be served to kings and queens as a delicate to something everyone can enjoy. Ideally, it is best to eat this for breakfast and/or brunch. 
Anyway, I believe this place serves one of the best Dim Sum in the Phoenix Area. 
What better than to have little Asian ladies push around their Dim Sum carts around to your table and serve you food. Anything from steamed to baked; it is as good as it gets. Several of my favorite dishes are: Pork Dumplings, Shrimp Dumplings, Bean Curd (it sounds weird but pretty good for vegetarians), Beef and Shrimp Rice Noodles with soy sauce, Chicken Feet (normally, Americans don't like this but give it a shot), baked goods like custard buns, custard tarts, pineapple custard buns, coconut buns. These are just a few that I've named; there are many more delicious goodies. 
Everything must be downed with a cup of warm tea. Mmmm. Yum.

This place is cleaner than most Chinese restaurants and their customer service (even for dinner) is not bad.
I've had a lot of dimsum--Richmond, Toronto, Seattle. This has no comparison, but it is still dimsum to satisfy your cravings.
I've had plenty of Chinese food in my time, but nothing is better than this! The flavor is amazing and the staff is legit! I'm so spoiled now after ordering from them that I cannot order from any other. Phoenix Palace gives you plentiful portions so be sure you are hungry! 

My in-laws were in town not too long ago and they always NEED chinese food. We introduced them to Phoenix Palace and they were sold on the first bite! They made three meals out of one order because there was that much food!!!

In all honesty, we've only ordered out so we are not sure about the dine in experience. Over the phone and in person they are very friendly so I don't see dine in being a problem. 

Seriously, you gotta try this place!
2 years can change a lot. I think the quality of their dim sum is deteriorating, so we don't go there anymore. We tried their dinner, and I can say it's only so-so. Not too bad, and definitely not delicious either. As for China King, last year we went there for a Chinese new year meal, and it was so bad that made my aunt really upset as she was the one who invited us to the gathering and paid the bill :o...on the 1st day of Chinese New Year!!!!
I have been here for dim sum couple times, good service and good food. BUT.. a recent visit to Phoenix Palace gave me a brand new view about this place. My friend and I had 2 waters and 6 dim sum items. When the bill came, we noticed an item on the bill says "2 guests: $1.70". When we asked the server why, she replied "we charge money for water."  This restaurant CHARGES $0.85 for every water they give out to customer! This is not bottle water, simply water from the tap in a plastic cup. For this reason, I will NOT return to this place, there are plenty other dim sum places in town will gladly provide free water to customers, like any other restaurant in AZ.
Best Dim-Sum in town.
By far the Phoenix Palace has one of the best Dim-sum and menu.
The service is always nice and friendly.
The restaurant itself is nice and clean.
Highly recommend the Singapore Noodles, I can't enough of it.
Do yourself a favor and visit this place any day of the week for lunch starting at 10:00 AM.
Afterwards take some time to visit some of the other restaurants within the shopping strip and make sure you check out Lei-Lei Supermarket with their great products from all over the world.
This is the Walmart of the east.
A+
I love the ginormous language barrier here. Bring your token Chinese friend, because asking what each thing is will lead into a 5minute banter back and forth trying to figure out what the hell each party is saying.

- "excuse me can you say it in english?"
- [server] "I AM speaking english"
- oh. shit.

Luckily, it only takes about 4 guesses and 6 people to decipher what she was trying to say. God. We are so whhhhhite.

But on to the food. Yelpers are right on the money, the very little money it costs us to eat here. With 6 people and no holding back on ordering everything (cause "what the hell" and "we're hungry") until we were going to explode, costs us $53.35. For you math-enthusiasts, that's about $11 per person, tip included.

And did we say we were exploding at the end of our meal? Like, "I need to hold my food baby and care for it" full. Like "I need a nap, immediately" full. 

So, you may ask (or maybe not, I'm not telling you what to do), why the 3 stars? Were the quality of food is just A-OK, tasty but nothing out of this world. We stick to the siu mai, pork dumplings, shai long bao, egg tarts and Chinese broccoli. My favorite dim sum dish (of all time) is the sweet bread bun filled with pork. They make it here with mostly sweet potato vs bbq pork.. which made it sweeter than it needed to be (and less meaty). My friends enjoyed the shrimp noodle dumplings and we thought the roasted veggies were nicely done- crunchy but with tons of flavor. Not the easiest thing to pick up with chopsticks though.

Of course, no one had the balls to try chicken feet. I don't get it. Its delicious, and has nothing to do with my foot fetish. Mostly. Sort of.
It has too many reviews about the Dim Sum already. So I bet everyone would love to hear about the dinner menu in Phoenix Palace. It is delicious and full of varities from fisj, chicken to pork. I tried the steam talipia fish and vegies soup with half of the ducks. They are super delicous and fresh. I am really enjoying to eat here. They also have great customer service and really care for what the customer want.
My boyfriend was looking for a place for this parents to eat at and we were originally going to this other Chinese restaurant but took a wrong turn and ended up in this plaza so we just decided to eat here instead.

It was about 5pm - pretty early for dinner for Asian people at least - cause besides us, there was only one other diner in the place. It was so empty they even decided to turn off some of the lights in the restaurant. I didn't really expect that many people honestly - this is Arizona, and it is 5 PM.  

We sat down and ordered three dishes:
 
Chestnut and Chicken Pot - super flavorful dish! - chicken was tender and went very well with the chestnuts 

Crispy Noodles with Seafood Gravy - I really would have liked it more if they didn't drench it with the gravy because I do like the crispy part of the noodles but since they poured a lot of sauce onto it - all the noodles got soaked. 

Chinese Veggie (Choi Sum with garlic) - tender and garlicky. 

The food was surprisingly very tasty. I expected not very good Chinese food here but to my amazement, the food was pretty decent - however it did cost way more than Chinese restaurant in say like San Gabriel or Monterey Park area (for those of you from LA would know what I'm talking about) here it's like about double the price - but i think it's because they don't get half as busy as in other places that are populated with Asian people. 

The waiters and waitresses looked pretty bored most of the time - but things started to pick up around 6ish when we were about to leave. Reviews say that this place is good for dim sum - I wish I could try it but since my bf graduated today I don't think I'll be coming back to Arizona any time soon. 

Overall however I think this is a pretty good place for dinner - the prices a little higher but like I said there aren't too many other Chinese restaurants like this around.
My husband and I went to Phoenix Palace this afternoon for Dim Sum and had a great meal. Neither of us are Dim Sum veterans. Being from Northern California originally I have been to a few places, but it was my husband's very first time. The staff was very friendly and the food was great! My husband, a picky eater, especially loved the sesame buns with red bean filling and the buns with egg custard.
There are 2 reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars. I was especially looking forward to Xiao Long Bao, better known as soup dumplings. I read that they served them here, but when the carts were circling they were nowhere to be found. They are my absolute favorite dim sum so that was a bit disappointing.
The other reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that we felt a bit overwhelmed. As soon as we were seated every single cart came up to our table and waited in line to pitch us their dishes. They would ask repeatedly if we wanted the same dishes after we said no before they walked away. It would have been a bit nicer of an experience if they were circulating more a gave us a chance to breathe a bit.
All and all though we had a wonderful experience. Delicious food, and the price is great! We could have easily fed 4 with the amount of food we got (we wanted to try a bit of everything) and ended up with lots of leftovers to box up and take home. Friendly people, yummy food, fun experience! We will definitely be back, and hopefully next time I will get my soup dumplings!
(Lyric - Janet Jackson - Love Will Never Do (Without You))
Phoenix Palace I have tried before
To replace as my Dim Sum place
Never did I have a doubt
It's Dim Sum I can't do without

They said it wouldn't last
We had to prove them wrong
Cause I've eaten in the past
That hunger will always be without you

Phoenix Palace I have tried before
To replace as my Dim Sum place
Never did I have a doubt
It's Dim Sum I can't do without
I feel better after a meal with you
Cause no other place around
Has quite the same Yum Yum (ha ha ha!)
Like you do do do do...

Phoenix Palace is an old school Dim Sum joint located in the heart of what I call little Chinatown.  Off Dobson and Warner this little corner in Chandler is a mecca for Asian businesses, aside from your LA Fitness on the Northwest corner.  Phoenix Palace is in the same corner as Lee Lee's Market; where you can explore all food ingredients from the Orient.  

I'm a dim sum lover and I wish I could go every weekend, but that would totally destroy my diet!  Needless to say, Phoenix Palace is one of my favorite dim sum places in Phoenix.  They offer up some traditional products like Siu Mai, Nai Wong Bao, Phung Chows, and Cha Sui Baos.  Moreover, they also have some newer products and I gather it's for the more American guest like fried noodles, fried rice and calamari.  All good, but some times I wish they would just stick with tradition.  

Overall, the dim sum is pretty good and one of the best in my opinion of what we can get in Phoenix.  It'll get the job done as they say, but don't expect it to blow your mind away.  Service here has improved through the years and afterwards you can always stop by Lee Lee's to get your Asian groceries.  Just a skip and a hop away is a Boba place so you might as well get your entire Asian fix on and done! - Enjoy
I don't know what it is about dim sum here in the Valley, but I just haven't found one that is even close to half-way decent.  The pork rice wrapped in leaves was pretty good, as were the shrimp dumplings, but the pork dumplings, the egg custard, and the taro root, which is usually my favorite, were pretty bland.  The fried rice and noodle dishes that we had for the table were also very bland. 

I wish that my first choice, Pho Van, had been open.  The things you do when you're hungry and don't want to get back in the car.
I'll revise that to the consistently best Chinese restaurant in the state that I know of.  I'm talking about prepared dishes as I usually don't do dim sum.  My complaint, though, still remains, namely the specials are mostly untranslated.
Of course you cannot compare to dim sum places in the west or east coast but for AZ it's pretty decent. Best to go on weekends. More customer means more variety and fresh dim sum. Weekday choices were pretty weak...
Phoenix palace is always busy in the morning for dim sum. The waiters/waitresses that push the carts always forget to come to my table. The dim sum is alright. I've had better.
OMG, this place was packed, and the Dim Sum was delicious with quite the array of funky stuff (this is always a good thing when it comes to Dim Sum).  Those carts were blasting through the crowd, and the incredible mishmash of all that one could find if there was an explosion involving a dollar store, a Christmas outlet, and a Halloween store, but not lacking the bargain bin at the used flooring and counter outlet.  There were Christmas trees, silk flowers galore, 16 different light fixtures, 20 different flooring's, hanging stuffed animals, and all sorts of craftiness that should have never been put on the shelves to sell, little lone ever sold.  It was filled with Asians and that's all I needed to see, to know that I had landed in Nirvana, this was my 3rd time there and I will keep going back.
I couldn't believe on my last day in Arizona I finally find a dim sum restaurant!! I could've been dining here the whole time! Food was delicious. Atmosphere is great. And service is good!! Would come back again for sure!
CHANDLER GEM

Served by dim sum carts on this late Saturday morning before the rush, we finish our week's stay in the Valley of the Sun. From the quality of the tea to the quality of the dim sum, it was a fitting meal before our long drive home.  An opportunity to use my Cantonese with the gregarious wait staff. Ironically our first meal on Sunday and our departing meal are both our most memorable and best meals. 

The dim sum is at least twice as good anywhere in Las Vegas. Not to forget, the price of our dim sum meal including tea charge was less than $24.  I remember spending twice that in Las Vegas with most disappointing results.
The fact that Phoenix Palace only has a 3.5 Star rating here on Yelp makes me question all that I know to be true! I've had Dim Sum from Seattle to east of the Mississippi and have yet to find any that comes anywhere close to the deliciousness that is Phoenix Palace.

If not for the fear of criminal charges, I would hug and kiss each lovely woman pushing the butane warmed carts of amazingness.

My standout favorites include (please excuse my atrocious Chinese spelling):

Har goa
Shu Mai
Char siu
Shrimp egg roll
Chinese brocolli
Salt and pepper squid
Fried lobster if the planets align and you're lucky enough to get it.

Jews know their Chinese food, and trust this Jew when I tell you that this is the real deal, mind altering Dim Sum.
Nice selection of Live seafood . Salt and pepper Crab was so great we ordered another one.
Just stopped by here. The place was pretty busy, but only had a short wait. We mostly got the steamed items, which were pretty good. The foods weren't overly greasy like I've had at some dim sum places.  I hoped for a little more variety though in terms of the steamed foods. Don't get me wrong.  They had a lot of other fried foods, vegetable plates, and a soup cart, but they ran out of the soup my friend wanted to try and a lot of the other carts had fried foods that just didn't seem all that appealing at the time. I think the dessert carts passed us about 7 times. It would have been nice if there were a little less of the dessert carts roaming around and more steamed food/soup carts.  Overall, definitely not a bad place to try though! The food is pretty good and I would give it an extra half of a star if I could.
I am not an expert on Dim Sum.  I simply know what I like.

The carts were constantly being refreshed and there was some additional staff tempting us with specials.  We stopped in before lunch on a Sunday.  As soon as we set down the carts were at our table.

I really liked the BBQ pork buns.  Some of the best that I have ever had.  The vegetables were also great.  The tea was good. Everything we had was good.
Good dim sum during the weekend. Some of the food (such as the green beans and spring rolls) are cold. The spring rolls are good enough that you do not mind eating them cold, but the green beans stir fry just taste bad when you eat them cold.
They have more variety and the service is actually better during the weekend. Do not go during the week.
The service was excellent. I was surprised that the carts came around so frequently and our tea pot would be filled the moment it became empty. There was this guy coming out with special dishes, he's a good marketer btw. Lol. 

As far as food goes, it was good, not great but it was more than just okay. The salt and pepper squid was too breaded in my opinion, but the congee was surprisingly pretty awesome! The eggplant was also a favorite of mine. The Chinese broccoli was overcooked and shriveled to me so it was a bit rubbery and difficult to eat.
Just had one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life here.  The server was incredibly rude and the hot pot was disgusting. Find another place!
If you ever want some cheap dim sum and good food, Phoenix Palace is always a good choice [but not the best!].  Service is always great and the food is always delicious.  There's this one guy who always walks around spouting flirty comments to all the girlies.  "Hey, pretty girl.  Want to try...?"  I swear it's less creepy than it sounds.

Anyways, the overall ambiance is pretty hideous but who cares?  Prices are reasonable, food is fresh and plentiful, and if you want some fresh BBQ, the little side-shop upfront is always a great option.  While not the best on the east side, Phoenix Palace is always a great option.
Excellent Chinese food dinner with massive portions. When our usual Pho spot closed for New Year's, we trotted into Phoenix Palace for our first dinner of 2014.

The three of us opted for the Mandarin Dinner (family style): Hot & Sour Soup, Fried Crab Puff, Egg Roll, Pot Sticker, and one entree for $13.95 per person. We tried to substitute for egg drop soup, or anything else, but the language barrier and seemingly restaurant policy kept us from the substitution. Nevertheless, we were not disappointed.

Hot & Sour Soup: Served in a huge bowl, the consistency was more like a stew. Great flavor and not too spicy, though it heats up.

Fried Crab Puff, Egg Roll, Pot Sticker - enough for at least one per person, we had leftovers of crab puffs and pot stickers. Very flavorful with quality ingredients. I could have munched on these for dinner but had to save room!

Sweet & Sour Chicken - large chunks of white meat in a sweet glaze that's sticky enough for a full coating of rice. My favorite of the three we ordered.

Beef and Broccoli - tasted good and overall above average. Again, a large enough serving to feed a group of 3.

Kung Pao Chicken - not as good as the others. I'd go with something else next time. The chicken pieces were smaller than I'd like and it seemed like the flavor was too blended, like you couldn't tell what you were eating except for the spice. It wasn't bad, just not the best.

It's a good sign when all of the staff and patrons speak the language of the cuisine. Phoenix Palace is quite authentic and has a great assortment of dishes. I will return to try others, especially their dim sum.
I went looking for the typical "not real Chinese" buffet on a Sunday and found this place.  Never had Dim Sum before so thought this would be different. From the moment we sat down, the carts were on us putting stuff on the table and having us choose from a selection that I honestly cannot tell you what I ate.  I just said yes to what looked good.  I wasn't disappointed, but I can't tell you what I ate! :)  I do know that I accidentally said yes to the chicken feet thinking is was just fried chicken.  I'm adventurous, but that was too much so I left it.  Without even asking, they were cool enough to take it off of the bill.  We all laughed about how the server's children loved it, and they were really great.  The cart ladies struggle with English a lot, but that's OK as again, I just said yes to what looked good.  Overall the price was pretty reasonable and I tried a lot of food. I'll be back!
Ok, so usually I expect Chinese places to all be the usual stir fry style, takeout menu, not really unique kind of food.  Which is ok, because I love that particular food.  But something sets Phoenix Palace a notch above the rest.

The menu looked great, and I floundered over what to get, until we saw the family style options on the back.  For a flat rate per-person, you get soup to share, a plate of appetizers, and as many entrees as you have people.  That sounded perfect, and we got a nice variety of food to share with the table.  

The hot and sour soup was very tasty, and with a little soy sauce added, not too hot for my mild palette.  The crab puffs and egg rolls were top notch.  Sweet and Sour Chicken tasted like it was made with real quality chicken, had fresh breading, and flavorful sauce.  The Broccoli Beef had really tender meat and veggies, and is easily my favorite version of that dish from what I've tried elsewhere.  The Kung Pao Chicken wasn't as spicy as I expected, which was a good thing for me.  We had more than enough food, and the leftovers proved delicious the second time around too.

The service was attentive, though there was a bit of a language barrier.  I appreciate the authenticity of the restaurant all the way around.  This may very well turn in to my go-to Chinese food!
This place is good. Large selection of plates, and my usual favorites also. Went with the family.  It was nice. Not that you'd write home about it, but service was good, the food was good and not as much sodium as some other places.   I will be back.
Sooo . . . I've been coming on and off to this place since it first opened and it has gone through several incarnations from buffet to sit down to something in betwn that I really wasn't sure what was being served when I opened their door this past Sat. 
Much to my pleasant surprise, the place was bustling serving dim sum a plenty.
And the place was packed with my kind of people (Chinese in case you're wondering. Haha) so I figured the dim sum must be pretty good. 
I was not disappointed. Everything I had was up to standard. I had 5 dishes plus got charged 65 cents for having water and the tea that was not served to me. 
When I questioned the 65 cents and told the owner I did not have tea, he pointed to a handwritten sign taped to the cash register hidden behind stacks of to go menus that said 65 cents charged to every customer for tea AND WATER. Okay, I didn't realize when I crossed the threshold I had been transported to China or Europe where they do charge for water. 
I also questioned an item where they charged me for a large item when I only had the small dishes and boy, did the owner insist on every penny!  Okay, dude I won't argue with you. So somehow for five dishes, water, and tea that I didn't get the bill came to a whopping $17 which I thought was freakin' expensive for dim sum at lunch time. When I saw the bill I almost wish I could have thrown up the food and return the dishes back to them. Alas, I couldn't and didn't so I paid my bill and left. 
Sigh, since dim sum has become trendy and popular I think it's driven up the price!  I remember when I could have 5 dishes for less than $10!  Oh, the good 'ole days!
What's not to love about dim sum? You can pick and choose any dish and they're small portions so you're able to try a variety of items for a reasonable price. Its kind of like tapas style, except dim sum comes ready-made and ready-to-eat to you in carts pushed by people. This place is busy on the weekends, but proves to be an excellent place to enjoy this style of dining. Check out the photo to see some of the things I ate (BBQ pork buns, egg tart custard, Chinese broccoli, shu Mai, soup dumpling, etc)....I passed on the chicken feet.
Dimsum! Weekends are so busy, these people are legit cantonese/chinese which if you do not know is as authentic as you can get.  Dim Sum is a Hong Kong brunch (cantonese people).  I am a big fan of this place because all of your yummy dim sum items come out piping hot! I have gone to places where they are just warm.  We are really looking forward to trying dinner here one day.  Will become a regular here for dimsum :)
The food is good, but the service is Horrible, had to wait 20 min just for someone to tell that we needed to order and that's after my girlfriend waved someone down like an SOS on the freeway, I never got a refill at all on my iced tea!!
Will never go there again!!
Went there for dinner and ordered 3 dishes. Overall the food was decent.  Nothing too exciting or special. I probably enjoyed the free soup that came with the dinner more than the dishes. I may go back to try their dim sum one day.
Excellent food!
The lady who works on Monday and Tuesday Nights is AWESOME. she is the reason why I wanted to write this review. She was friendly, helpful, and just an overall very positive person and I really enjoyed having her as our waitress. This is pretty rare in a Chinese restaurant. Food was good. Prices are fairly reasonable but dang snow pea leaves cost $16.95 that's pretty darn expensive. 

I returned for dimsum the next day (with a batch of other waitresses), and the service was, as expected, nonexistent to borderline rude. And since when is ha gao and a variety of other items considered "large". The only small items were chicken feet and all the other dishes were large and I've had dimsum for the last 20 years and I know which dishes are in what category. It's not a big deal since the price difference is very small so it acutally doesn't make a difference but I'm not sure why they think it's a good idea to mark everything large while it's probably smarter to make most items mediums and make a larger price gap (opps!)
First of all, to be clear, I have really high standard for dim sum. 

Spare ribs, Egg&pork congee and chicken feet are the must-have for me every time. So I first tried them. They were good but not best, a small step down from Great wall or China King. But the Egg tart and Pineapple buns really impressed me! If the Pineapple bun served right from oven, it must be heavenly good!!

The service was fine, but no one served water until we ordered chrysanthemum tea. But this place was not so crowed like Great Wall or China King. We didn't have to wait in lines even on Sunday morning.
The service is so bad here!  The dim sum is ok.  It takes forever to get them to come to the table for more Dim Sum.  I rather go to other local places for Dim Sum
This place gets a 5 star review for being the best dim sum restaurant in the valley.  Sure I've had better in SF, but this is still pretty good.  
Major bonus points for the takeout counter.  I don't know what most of this stuff is called, but I know what it looks like.  I was able to give the girl a description and she knew exactly what it was.  I've now got pictures on my phone for future visits.
I think it's a step above their competitor on the other side of the street, but their competitor seems to have a wider selection.  At least in the carts that are going around.  
Bonus points for having a gelato shop a few doors down.  Not that you'll be hungry when you leave.
My favorite dim sum place in the Valley. They always have a wide selection and the food is great.  My favorites are the turnip cakes, the shao mai, and the pork buns.  Expect a little wait on the weekends, since this place seems to be quite popular. Enjoy checking out the dollar store next door while you wait, they have lots of little goodies for the kids. 

Their dinner selection is actually quite good, too.  Some great dishes, so I took a colleague from Guangzhou. He was skeptical, since he doesn't usually like American Chinese restaurants, but he actually quite liked this place.
I've been here several times now and I think, overall, Phoenix Palace has the best dim sum in the Valley. I love scoring a table right where the carts come out. It sucks if you sit in a corner and all the food is either gone or cold by the time the ladies get to your table. I'll take my ticket to a cart across the room if we've been waiting too long. There are too many dishes to go over, but the congee here is excellent. The only dish that fell short was the har gow - skin too thick and shrimp was mushy and falling apart.  We ate a lot and our tab was about $11/pp. My current dim sum order of preference of distance wasn't a factor: phoenix palace, great wall, china king, mekong.
Came here for dim sum on a Saturday morning around 11:00 am.  The restaurant wasn't too busy at that time but it was pretty packed by the time that we finished eating.  

There's a good variety of dim sum items available.  We had the shrimp dumplings, lotus leaf rice, barbeque pork buns, pork and shrimp dumplings, tofu skin roll, chicken feet, tripe, beef balls, rice noodle rolls, and savory stuffed dumplings.  The food was decent flavor-wise but the downside was that everything was only lukewarm except for the savory stuffed dumplings.  We got the savory stuffed dumplings towards the end of our meal.  Had we started eating a little later when the restaurant was busier, we probably would have had hotter food since there would be higher turnover.  My favorite dishes were the savory stuffed dumplings, tripe, shrimp dumplings, and lotus leaf rice.

Overall, I was expecting something more fantastic but everything was okay.  I liked the variety and the service was good.  Dim sum prices are also very reasonable.  I wouldn't rule out coming here again.
I've noted in previous reviews about how I am not a fan of Chinese food in Arizona. Chinese in Hawaii just taste so much better to me. And maybe it's because I enjoy the bastardized Hawaiian version more, but I lament the lack of options in Arizona for Chinese that I find tasty.  

Fortunately, this place has great dim sum that is as good as most places I've been to in Hawaii. I'm sure "real" Chinese people (I'm Chinese but people have accused me of not being a real Chinese person) will say this isn't actual Chinese food or dim sum, and doesn't hold a candle to SF. I'm sure that's true but this place is good in my book.

My favorite items here are the XLB, chow mein, spareribs, bean curd roll.  They are delicious.  I personally don't like their potstickers because they have a strange fishy taste to me, which I'm not accustom to in potstickers (however, I don't like seafood so take my advice with a grain of salt on this front).
They serve diversity dim-sum. I love all of them! I think this is the best dim-sum place in Arizona.  I'm not from the southeast China, so this is my best personal experience.
i used to come to Phoenix Palace for dim sum, until i watched the news today....Phoenix Palace is on the May 29 Dirty Dining with 7 health code violations (German cockroach found in the kitchen)...I will never come back again! http://www.kpho.com/story/25647212/dirty-dining-may-29-worst-offenders-had-8-health-code-violations
My boyfriend and I are travelers going to the Grand Canyon. Tempe is our first stop. We went there right after we landed. The food is very very good. Service is so so. But anyway I like it a lot.
The place has the basics for dim sum, there are steamed pork buns, ribs, stripes, chicken feet, shumai, shrimp dumplings etc. They are all quite flavorful and standard on their tastes. The pork buns don't use a traditional bread but the bun they use taste quite sweet. The tripe is good and their other beef intestine dish is a bit salty for my taste but still acceptable. The food is average for dim sum, but it is pretty decent for dim sum in Arizona.
The service is not great I had to ask 3 or 4 times for shrimp rolls and the tea refill took a while to arrive. It was pretty slow on business too so there seemed to just be a lack of workers at the time even though we went at around lunch time. I would say Sunday would probably have better service but you would have to wait for a while. I have also had dinner here and they have better quality food as well as service then.
The dim sum here are better at the moment, used to be unappealing. There is definitely something wrong with the shrimp fried rice. I continually tried to give them chances after chances to improve, but all 3 times the shrimps had this pee-like taste and smell! They are definitely not fresh, but rather long-dead and smelly! Other than their dim sum, lunch and dinner are not great. The roasted pork is ok, in the mean time. The father of the owner, who usually in charge of roasted and BBQ area is extremely rude and loud.
Dim sum is limited around Chandler and Phoenix Palace is probably one of the most popular. The baked bbq buns are probably the best thing they make. Prices however have been steadily increasing and tea charges are now mandatory we believe whether you drunk tea or not. 

All the other dishes are pretty hit or miss depending on when you go. For example sometimes the shumai is pretty much all fat and other times it's all meat with no flavor. 

Overall, dim sum here is ok. I have had better.
Went there several times. Came away thoroughly satisfied every time. :) I usually don't like dim sum that much, mind you.
Good overall. My complaints:
1. we were semi accosted as soon as we sat down. It was post lunch rush on a Saturday, and every cart came to us immediately and pushed things into my hands that I wasn't sure I wanted. 
2. several items were greasy. The chinese broccoli was good, but I did feel like I needed to dab it on my napkin. 
3. after the initial rush of 5 or so dishes, the carts didn't come around much anymore. 
But I did enjoy myself and will most likely go back. The broccoli was crunchy and flavorful and the prices were reasonable ($30 for 2).
Went on the weekend for dim sum and was not disappointed. They have a wide variety of traditional dim sum items. Although they seem to specialize more in the pasties and buns. They will also prepare traditional Chinese dishes during dim sum. Our favorite that we order as a side dish is Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce. If you have never had dim sum then try it. It is a n experience you won't forget.
Best place to get dim sum on the weekends.  Much better selections, qualities, and staff than Great Wall Cuisine on 35th Avenue & Camelback Road.  They made their food and prepared everything on-site.  It's a must place to visit if you want to try everything all at once.
I went here for a late dinner. It was me and a couple of friends. We ordered half crispy chicken, beef and veggies, string beans, mongolian beef, and soup. Everything was really good especially the crispy chicken. Customer service was ok, took awhile to get refills on our drinks, but all in all in was good. I usually come here for dim sum because I think their dim sum is pretty good, better than most places I been to in AZ. So, if you are going to try this place, go for their dim sum first!
This is our go-to place for dim sum with a good selection. On weekends, they have a much more extensive selection and many more carts running around. The servers are fast and ready to get you selections not on the carts (we always order some type of veg to go with our usual spread of gluttony). My only tiny gripe is that they don't have dou-miao (pea shoots), but we did like their stir fried green beans. We've only lived here for not quite a month and have been here 3 times plus it's a 25 min drive...
As a brand new restaurant at a brand new casino, they did an "ok" job. 

The restaurant itself is attractive, dark inside with a lot of red accents, looks sort of like Tao inside. Comfortable fixtures and groovy serve ware. Chinese food just seems so much better when it comes on square plates! 


The food was pretty good as well... most everything that was ordered tasted good.. For a party of 5 we ordered a bunch of dim sum items which were all very tasty, chinese doughnuts, some fried rice and pho. The big mistake for the group was the pho noodles. Pho needs to be greasy and ghetto, the pho here is upscale and rather un-ghetto. The mango pudding dessert was excellent. 

The service was obviously new as they forgot a few items, but give them a little bit of time and they'll get it together. I'd go back~!

---------------+------------------
2/17/08 edit

So I went back for more. Much improved. Enough to earn the 4th star. Service was excellent this time around and the food was consistent. Nice job
We ate here after the late show of Le Reve and I really enjoyed the food.  First, there are not many restaurants, other than the cafes, open after 11pm.  Jade was more than happy to seat us and we proceeded to order 4 different courses that we shared.  Each one was very tasty and I probably have to say that the black been and beef noodles were the best by far that I have tried in a long time.  The decor is calming with dark red walls and the wait staff was good.  While we were dining there was another customer who walked in, a bit drunk, and proceeded to yell at the waiter and then manager about wanting something unique from the kitchen, that was not on their menu.  Even though she made quite the scene, the staff handled the situation well.  All in all I was impressed and would definitely return.
I really like Jade.  I wouldn't say it's *traditional* dim sum as there are no carts or hard sales on curious looking dumplings - but the dim sum I did order was good.  The crazy thing about Jade is that it's not just Chinese food - they have about every kind of asian food you would like: Chinese, Sushi, Thai - you name it, it's on the menu.  I had a good meal, would have been better had the family at the table next door not decided it was a good idea to change their baby on the bench at their table.  For those of you who think it's cool to change your baby anywhere you are - think again.  It's rude, disgusting and tacky.  Poor baby...
$16 for a bowl of pho?  are you kidding me?

$14 for a bowl of wonton noodle soup?  (insert another angry comment)

$15 for a bowl of beef noodle soup?

someone take me back to monterey park. hacienda heights. roland heights. where i can get all of the above for less that $15, together.

dim sums are whatever.  
seating was easy at 1pm on a saturday (hmm...)

besides the ridonkulus prices, the won ton soup, pho, szechuan beef noodles were all packed with MSG.  but being drunk and hungover makes it all better, i guess.  the dim sum was below par, the service was good and the decor was beautiful and flashy, like all things vegas... on the surface.
Note to self:  find out if the real way to have dim sum is via the menu, or via carts

At Jade...dim sum is ordered through the menu.  I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical about this place, when a friend suggested it.  However, it was really good!  My cousin and I shared the fried rice, and the chicken dumpling noodle soup.  We all shared some bao, and sio mai (sp?).  I don't know if it was because I was starving, or if it was the food, but that was the best chinese food I've had in a while.  

Reservations are probably best with them, as it does get crowded.

The service?  Well...it's typical.  It wouldn't be authentic, if it were otherwise, right?
This place was not very good. It was between here and Tao, & figured since it was in the Palazzo, must be decent & wanted to maybe find a diamond in the rough....didn't happen.

Do Not get the Pho (my mistake in the first place, I had a craving). My girlfriend got the Hong Kong Style Noodles which were so-so, but we could've gone to a cheap Chinese restaurant and gotten so much better. 

This place is a Chinese restaurant w/ less than desireable food for ten times the price. O, & they try to throw some Vietnamese and a few other asian dishes in the mix...my advice: find what you're good at, & stick to that.

Forgot to mention how the service was awful, slow yet impatient, & unpleasant. The large group of asian guys at the table next to us were unhappy as well. I heard them telling the waiter/waitress she got the order wrong, didn't bring out everything they had ordered, brought out wrong dishes, got the bill wrong etc.

Not worth it.
We had the prix fixe menu that was complimentary for my friends bday. This is some really Americanized Chinese food, which is fine if it tasted good, but extures and flavors were not good at all. The sake was was pretty cheap compared to the prices of the food. Maybe the a la carte items are better, who knows. 

Service was good, very attentive. The place looks nice but kind of too sterile, not much character or charm. It was dead when we were there for dinner and too quiet. 

I won't be back to this joint.
It seems that this place is open again!

Noodles with beef and fried rice, can't go wrong.

Nice decor, decent food and prices.

Perfect for a quick bite in between parties or getting ready to go back home.

Cheers!
The new Chinese restaurant in the Palazzo, this place drew us in because of the promises of pho with filet mignon, and congee, and just good old asian food.  However the 5 of us racked up a $200 lunch bill, the service has alot of catching up to do.  Our waitress forgot to bring us tea, hot mustard,...hmm maybe shes new.  BUT waiting over 30 mins for some PHO? i mean seriously, thats retarded.  I think Red 8 at the Wynn is much better than this place.  Filet mignon in the Pho does nothing for pho, the taste was just bleh, had to wait 10 mins for some siracha(rooster sauce) just not happening.  Well, ill come back regardless, and give them another chance, in all fairness they just opened.  Hope by next time they have finished the training!

**EDIT**after my first initial visit, i have revisited Jade, and i have to say BRAVO! The service has definitely made a huge improvement, and the food was great!
I have to say that when i first went, it was grand opening week, and they had to work out some glitches, but that seems to no longer be the issue.
Jade Noodles resides on the casino level of the Palazzo Hotel. The decor was in a dark red contemporary ambiance.

I was looking forward to their 'remarkable' dim sum dishes. But was definitely disappointed with over all taste, service and price. 

We ordered one pot of Woo-long Tea($2.95), Siu Mai($6.95, comes in 4 small pieces, the wrap was too thick, the pork filling was dry and flavorless), Thousand Year Old Egg Congee($12.95, very ordinary and watery), Fried Tofu($6.95, best dish so far, the mini rounded tofu were lighted breaded and deep fried, great contrast between the crunchiness of the batter and the silky tofu, add a drizzle of garlic soy sauce on top, and it was delish.)

We've also ordered the Shanghai dumplings, but had to cancel the order, after waiting for it for 40min. Didn't think it would've took that long even if they'd made it from scratch! With the same price, Noodles at Bellagio offers a much better choices on dim sum as well as taste.
Went here with some new co-workers during our sales conference.  Brand new place opened up in the area between Venetian and Palazzo.  The decor was nice, the service was OK--the guy had no idea what we ordered if we said "pho ta" ... to him it was just V1.  They were fairly accommodating as we added 2 people at the last minute and one person needed honey and sugar and hot water to nurse a sore throat.

The food tasted fine.  Great, actually.  The broth in the pho ta (v1) with filet mignon was actually really good.  But the noodles were short and the basil I got was limp.  The limes were a bit dry, and there were no mung beans, but red onions and red chili slices instead.

Yes it was good, but pho should NEVER cost $16-$20 for a bowl.  Unless it has actual gold flakes in it or leaves my mouth magically minty fresh afterwards.  And pho is about the cheapest main course on the menu.
i enjoyed my solo lunch here before heading out to the airport.
i had the shrimp won ton which was tasty but who can justify $13 for a bowl of won ton soup! yikes, that's vegas for you!
Awful experience - my wife and I had a complementary dinner to Jade from the Venetian. We were excited to dine here, but were extremely dissapointed. The waiter was rude, and not attentive. The food didn't taste like anything; you could taste the mayo on the prawn, so much so that you had to scrape the crust off. Overall, this restaurant was garbage and if I had paid for the meal I would have been furious. I happened to have a second complementary dinner to Jade, and did not use this as I was so disgusted with my experience.
I went here a couple of times while I was in Vegas. They have both Chinese food & Vietnamese noodles. Although the noodles were 18.00 a bowl, I found it pretty good. Good flavor and fresh. I also had these little chinese dumplings that are called Shiao Long Bao (from Shanghai) and those were pretty decent as well. Obviously not the very best I have tried, but when you've had a night of mass drinking, comfort food is always great!
Jade has now changed its name to ZINE!
same place, same menu, great service.
This restaurant is a staple when visiting vegas. Used to be called "Jade". I've eaten here a handful of times and continue to return

Very good service here and the food is tasty. Macau roast pork is something you must order, its not for the meek. It's roasted pork belly that's a bit crispy on the outside..... mmmmm.
Wow, I can't believe how bad the food was here. 

Tried to come here late night at 2:45 am, but they turned us away cuz they closed at 3 am.

Fine. 

So, we went back a day later to nurse out bangin hangovers. I was so excited to try this place, but what a mother effin letdown.

*shakes head*

Ordered the steamed pork dumplings (xiao long bao), steamed shrimp dumplings, noodle soup with pork and pickled veggies (Taiwanese staple), and filet mignon pho tai.

Har gow- eh, it was decent. 4 pieces. typical dim sum fare.

Steamed pork dumplings- omg, what a disgrace to even call this that name. I had 1 piece and was thoroughly offended. He had a piece and made the funniest this-is-gross face. We left the last piece untouched. 

My noodle soup with pork and picked veggies was so bland and tasteless that I just couldnt eat it after a few bites. Instead I ordered beef noodle soup. 

Beef noodle soup came to the table 5 min later. Holy shit. It was freakin spicy as hell! I thought I was gonna die. They had added 10 red peppers in there. Not kidding. My mouth, throat, tummy, and ass was on fire. I'm really ticked off that they didn't indicate the spicy factor on the menu. It took me at least 30 min or more to get through half the dish.

My DC had the pho tai and said it was awesome. I only had some broth, so I can't comment on it. 

Anyways, this place is not recommended. The bill was about $81, which included a thai iced tea, vietnamese iced coffee and hot tea. Hells no. Never again.
GREAT traditional chinese food, soothing, modern atmosphere.  I love the cold cucumber appetizer and hainan chicken. my FAVE is the kobe beef. noodles are good too.

great service, they speak chinese for those of you that are bring your asian friends/family into town
I would say that Zine is my second favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  I think I still prefer Red 8 in The Wynn, but Zine is a lot more quiet.  

There was not wait time, which is nice in Vegas.  The service was very good, and the wait staff was very helpful.  The waitress steered me away from the Macau Pork, which is actually pork belly.  I was willing to go for it, but she told me I would likely not enjoy it.  

Great place to eat in the Palazzo.
We wandered in here shortly after checking into our room, and were immediately impressed with the space. It's modern yet calming, mature but not stuffy. Its a trendyish yet grown-up place, which is a welcome change in Vegas. Very '007 meets Charlie Chan' feel.

I very much enjoyed the food, which is a variety of different Asian styles. We only had a few items and they were all excellent- the dumplings, the shrimp fried rice, and seafood and noodles in spicy coconut broth. They have a solid wine/sake list, and my Martini was huge and delicious. The service was thorough if just a bit forced, but they left me alone to eat the messy noodle soup thing in peace. 

I will eat here again, definitely.
So so so good!
Came around typical dinner time, but it was pretty empty. Had a beer, a veggie wonton appetizer, this super awesome spicey soup, kung pao chicken and the most amazing, light tasting veggie fried rice ever. It was really, really great food. Plus, compared to everywhere else in this god foresaken place, it's really quiet and mellow. A nice place to chill out, unwind and eat until you hate yourself.
On the spendy side, as everything here is, but totally worth it. For 2 people it was $100 but this was my fave food place so who cares.
This place has incredible food, some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.  Definitely try the Sea Bass, it was perfect.
I am Chinese and I ate here three separate times on my recent Las Vegas trip. The food is quite good, on par with many local Chinatown places. The service is spotty. Get rid of the cheesy Asian hostess that can't speak English correctly! 

But for simple dim sum, congee, and one dish of noodles, this place is way overpriced at $90 for Chinese food, even for Vegas standards. 

I would come here again but only if I am comped.
THE +'s: great decor, very attentive wait staff. "zen ambiance" is so cliche but it holds true here nonetheless. they've got a private, walled-off dining room for a party of 10 hidden in the middle of the restaurant -- only visible if you slide open the panels. that was neato.

THE -'s: lunch tab for four was about $70. sure the noodle soup was clear to the last drop -- but damn eh! nice varied menu though -- a little of catonese, shanghainese, and even some thai.

SUM: we were lazy and craving chinese-ish food so just went downstairs to eat here. the price is crazy but that's just cuz i'm used to l.a.'s deliciously cheap chinese cuisine. food flavors are decent enough that i'd come here maybe just once per vegas trip to satisfy the chinese food craving.
I'm too tired to write a completely thorough critique of each dish of our comped prix fixe dinner, but here is what we ordered:


Dim Sum Sampler  (egg rolls, shiu mai, pot stickers)- Good
Chicken and Corn Soup- Fantastic
Won Ton Soup- Boyfriend said it was good
Lobster Salad- Ick, too much dressing
Peppered Beef Tenderloing- OK, chewy at times
Honey Walnut Prawns- Weird...sauce was mayonnaisey
Mochi Ice Cream- ALWAYS fantastic
Tofu Custard- Almost made me barf

The service was great, but apparently this meal is normally $80 per person.  I wouldn't pay $30 per person.  Decent food, nothing too special here.  We wouldn't have chosen it if we were spending our own money...

Head over to the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood for superior pot stickers......
Overpriced, Americanized, Asian style food. Although advertised as a noodle and dim sum restaurant the menu contains food from all over the place with little dim sum offerings. Everything is overpriced for what it is. The service was fine and the atmosphere was nice as well. But the food was not worth it.
I can sum up Zine in one sentence: the most expensive mediocre Asian dinner you'll ever eat.

$18 for pho.  Yes, the beef noodle soup that you can get a decent bowl of for $5-7 depending on your locale, just weaker and three times the price.

The jellyfish salad - OK flavor, could have used some ponzu or some other acid, but cut way too thick.  Jellyfish should be the consistency of soba, not chow fun.

Steamed pork buns - OK, but nothing to order again.

Duck and winter melon hot pot - If I'm paying almost $20 for it, I want the duck deboned.  Nothing is more annoying than picking out tiny shards of bird bones from your food.  If it were cheap-n-rustic, I could forgive.  Yes, the bones lend flavor, but turn 'em into a stock for cooking.

All in all, the flavors were OK, but nothing really stood out as particularly good.  I could go to any Chinatown diner and get similar, for much, much less.  Eat here if it's comped, maybe, but don't pay for it.
We had the Ultimate Dinner that was provided to us as part of a casino offer and had low expectations.  Overall, we thought the food pretty good.  

The dim sum app sampler was good, the lobster salad was too orangey, the won ton soup was yummy, the peppered tenderloin and seafood rice was delicious and the coffee/chocolate ice cream thingy was odd.
its the palazzo, so it's expensive and pretty over priced. However, food was much better than expected. 
we got the wonton noodle soup and it was decent, the wontons were actually surprisingly yummy. But then again, most food is welcomed after a night of partying. 

It is overpriced, and probably not worth it, but since we had a coupon, it was ok.
The waitress seemed really out of it, but the decoration is pretty good, high ceilings and good for intimate dinners with friends. 

Come here if you have a coupon!
this place is ok. some of the dishes are hit or miss. this is one of those places when you order 5 dishes, 3 are really good and 2 are ok.

i may come back if i have a comp...
This is really expensive, authentic high-quality Chinese food and flawless service.  Prices are 2-4x what you would pay in a Chinatown somewhere in the world for the same dish.   However, if you keep in mind you are in a high end casino, the prices are reasonable when looked at from that perspective.  This is one of the few higher end sit down restaurants that are open for lunch.

Their $15 lunch prix fixe is a good deal.  You get a soup, entree, and dessert.  The mango papaya cold soup I had for dessert was awesome!  Too bad I have no idea where else I can get it.

If you like PF Chang's, you will find Zine to be a couple of classes up and more authentic.  

If you like authentic Chinese restaurants usually, you will be complaining at how expensive Zine is but you will appreciate the quality, cleanliness, and service.   

I will be back here
I love Zine!  It a high-class Chinese restaurant and that's what you would expect in a high-class casino resort hotel like Palazzo.  I decided on the shrimp dumpling noodle soup.  It was delicious and hit the spot!  The wait staff is very attentive.

Oh, and try the desserts - we had the trio mochi ice cream and the red bean pancake with a dollop of vanilla icecream.  YUMMY!!
stayed at the Palazzo this weekend with some girlfriends and we decided to venture here for lunch...friday afternoon at around 1pm and the place wasnt too crowded. ready to start the weekend, we ordered a bottle of our favorite lychee sake that they had on hand ($23, usually $10 at BevMo) and ordered dishes for a  family style lunch. for 4 girls, we ordered 3 dishes - bbq pork w/rice, chow mein, and chinese broccoli. we thought this was enough but portion sizes are fairly small so we had to end up ordering another dish, the sweet and sour pork.  all in all, this def isnt your most authentic chinese food, but it was good and of course it's vegas so expect prices to be inflated. the total for lunch was about $30 per person so not breaking the bank and based on your other dining options at the Palazzo Hotel, Zine is def one of the more affordable places.
Zine shouldn't be even considered asian food. The Pho is $18 and taste like dark Thai soup. Disgusting. Service was extremely slow and they would not get our order right either. We had a few dim sum items which were just ok and casino prices. I would not come here again for some decent chinese food.
I thought this place wasnt that good...the foods doesnt have any flavor and the dim sum we had were old and it tasted like it was heated up from the microwave!!  Expensive and no worst it!!
This restaurant is a very expensive chinese/vietnamese restaurant, that for us, was 45% cheaper because the mirrored venetian website (in chinese) was offering a 45% discount card.  

Pros: Food quality is excellent.  
The xiao long bao are excellent.  Perfect dough underneath with the right amount of pleats on top and with a slight amount of doughyness on top.
Soups are excellent.  I had the braised beef szechuan style noodle soup and my friends have the pho.  
The shanghai style rice cake is excellent, however, the portions are a lot smaller when compared to Noodle Asia in the Venetian.

Cons: Price.  However, this becomes moot if you somehow can score this discount.  You have to be able to read chinese to get it.
Won ton soup was amazing. Real Chicken stock and fresh meat in wontons with thin tight wrapper just like ma-in-law in Hong Kong made.
Chui Chow duck was also very good.
Singapore noodles had no evidence of curry at all.
Chinese broccoli was under cooked and overgrown.
Worst of all the red bean paste cake was greasy and half full of  red bean.
Half the meal wasgreat half was under par. Not what you'd expect from a pricey restaurant.
food eh it was ok
price: WACK!!!!
kung pao chicken and seafood chow mein for $50!!! i was like OMG!!! i definitely will never go back...i only went there because my mom was craving asian food and didn't want to leave the hotel. but i would definitely not go back! nothing is special about it it tastes like any other chinese restaurant except 3 times the price. definitely will not go back...next time i'm craving chinese i'm going down spring mountain road!
We got up very late on New Years day and were recommended Zine by our concierge.  I love Dim Sum (yum cha) so was eager to try Zine.  From the very beginning we got a peripheral feeling that we were not really welcome.  They wanted us to wait in the back while they cleaned the table that was all the way in the back for us even though there were plenty of other tables.  The hostess almost seemed embarrassed to have us wait up front.  Maybe it was my friend's sweat shirt or something else.  I don't know.

The waiter came to take our order in a normal amount of time and brought our Chrysanthemum and Green tea almost quickly.  But then we waited.  And, we waited...  We tried to make eye contact with our waiter.  He looked the other way.  The restaurant was about 65% full I would say.  So it wasn't like they were slammed or anything.  Finally we did make eye contact after about thirty minutes and he actually put up his hand to block (arm completely outstretched) and averted his gaze from us as if in disgust.  At this point we got up and left stopping on our way out to complain to the hostess who didn't apologize or seem to care.
When the Palazzo wants to comp you a free dinner at their chinese restaurant, you just take it, no questions asked.  Since i was lazy to walk anywhere to eat (well, i'm always lazy to walk), it worked out well.  And if the restaurant is within viewing distance from their craps tables, well let's say i don't stray too far from home.

I was shocked to see how huge this place was upon entering, and the place was maybe 15% full.  It's quite elegant and very quiet inside.  I think i saw tv's in the back bar area, which I wasn't expecting for this restaurant.  

The food was average, some bright spots, some lows.  The shrimp and pork wonton soup was a touch salty, and not really warm.  The honey walnut prawns, which i was very excited about, were disappointing.  Covered with mayonnaise, it was too overpowering and you couldn't taste anything but the mayonnaise.  It was like they dipped my head inside a jar of Hellmann's.  As for the wins, the mongolian beef was flavorful and i appreciated the texture of the beef.  The pan fried noodles were a surprising winner.  I didn't expect to like it as much as I did.  

All in all, it's good when you're lazy and at the Palazzo, but i wouldn't call it a destination spot.  It's also a little too expensive for Chinese/Vietnamese food, and especially for the small portions they give out.  $18 dollars for pho? $20 for fried rice?  OHN.  You're better off going to Chinatown for those prices.  I still love you Palazzo, but when i'm playing craps i'll make sure to look at another place.
I was in town for an industry trade show and went to Zine with some of my work colleagues as they were interested in Chinese cuisine.  I was a bit skeptical as to whether it would be good as I've yet to find a good Chinese restaurant in Last Vegas, and my doubts were justified.

Despite there being a major trade show going on, the restaurant was relatively empty when we were arrived, and we were quickly seated.  We were a total of 3 in our party, and the others were comfortable eating family style.  So we ordered 3 dishes that we were going to share.  They were the e-fu noodles with crab, braised chicken and tofu in a hot pot, and stir-fried baby bok choy.  While the ingredients were fairly fresh, the overall taste just didn't fit what I expect to taste.  In fact, all three dishes were bland in taste.  For the hot pot, I was disappointed with the amount of chicken provided.  The dish that probably most conformed with my ideal taste in Chinese food was the stir-fried baby bok choy, which was the easiest dish of the three to cook.

Service overall was very good.  We never had to wait for a waiter to show up.
Good food, great atmosphere. Nothing really special about the meal or the menu, but there's a decent selection. My only real peeve with the place is that, without asking, they took me back to eat at the bar--which was otherwise deserted. I realize that restaurants don't like to give up a table for single diners, but come on...at least ask.
Okay, I didn't read the reviews before I came here.   I was staying at the Palazzo and I felt like eating dim sum.  Probably because of the dim sum advertisements for Zine.  My friend was coming over for lunch and she didn't want to eat at a buffet.   I'm not sure why because when we came here she wanted to order food and share it so she could try different things.  I told her to order some things that looked good to her but she didn't want to order and said she'll eat whatever I order.   WTF?   Oh well.   I ordered the Har Gow, Siu Mai and noodle soup to start off.    The Har Gow and Siu Mai were 6.95 each order and you get 4 pieces per order.   It was average at best.    The soup was okay and a little on the bland side but I love noodles.  Then I ordered the Lemon Chicken and YanZho fried rice and a Mango alcohol drink.  I forgot what the drink was actually called but they had a picture of it and she thought it looked good and she actually liked it.   She insisted I try it but I didn't care for the tapioca in it.   Back to the food.   I'm not sure how many people reading this have actually had had good lemon chicken or know what it's suppose to taste like but  this one sucked.   It was like a piece of chicken pounded, then breaded and deep fried served with a lemon sauce on the side.   The YanZho fried rice was on the lighter side.  It really didn't have much flavor.  The bill came out to $82.76 plus I gave a 20 dollar tip.   The service here was excellent but there were hardly any people in the restaurant for lunch.
Saturday morning/early afternoon, we woke up hungry craving for dim sum.  By the time everyone was up and ready, it was almost 2pm so we needed to find a dim sum place that was open later or 24 hours.  Upon searching on Yelp, we found this place at the Palazzo and thought it would be convenient since we were staying at the Palazzo.

We walked downstairs and into the restaurant and stood there while the hostess was on the phone where we waited to be seated.  The restaurant was empty with the exception of maybe 3-4 tables filled.  The decor was nice and upscale and we knew we would be paying a pretty penny to eat here.

The menu is filled with high priced items which includes Chinese, Shanghainese, and Vietnamese items and the portions were extremely small.  Light eaters can finish multiple dishes with no problem.

FOOD:
-Steamed Pork & Shrimp Dumplings (Sui Mai) - The meat was rubbery and it didn't taste fresh.  It tasted like it was frozen and reheated in the microwave.  $7 for 4 pieces.  

-Steamed Chicken Feet - I personally didn't eat it, but one friend said it was okay, the other said it was bland.  $5 for 3 or 4 pieces (we ordered two orders).

-Steamed Shanghainese Pork Dumping (Xiao Long Bao) - Decent, but not as tasted as I've had at other places.  It lacked the broth inside too, but was still served with the special sauce.  $9 for 6 pieces.

-Pan Fried Noodles with Seafood - The $19 noodles weren't even crispy and was too "saucy".   

-Beef Chow Fun - Probably the most decent dish I ate, but it still didn't have enough flavor.  

-Hainanese Chicken Rice - EXTREMELY disappointed in this dish which cost almost $17.  The "special" rice that comes with it barely had any flavor and the pieces of chicken were extremely skimpy.  The ginger sauce lacked green onions and salt.  

 -Roast Duck - I didn't eat this dish, but we had leftovers when the serving size was extremely small, so I'm assuming it wasn't the best dish.  

-Fried Rice with Dried Scallops - Not enough salt in the dish, it was extremely bland.  We spent our time adding soy sauce to add some kind of flavor to the dish.  

SERVICE:  
Horrible!  The staff was extremely inattentive and not very friendly.  The waiter took our order and disappeared within seconds after we were done.  The only time we saw any of the staff members was when the food arrived, any other time, they were no where in sight.  They do pack your food if you decide to take it to go.

CONCLUSION:
I am extremely disappointed in this restaurant, I left the restaurant unsatisfied and not full.  Being in one of the high end, 5 star hotels on the strip in Las Vegas, I would expect better quality service and food. Pricey food is expected in Vegas, but quality is as well and this place lacks quality all around.  Use the money you would spend here and cab it to Chinatown where you'll probably get horrible service, but at least the food will be good.
My boyfriend and I were browsing through the Palazzo and decided to eat lunch at Zine. I don't know if it's because I'm from Monterey Park, which in my personal opinion has the best Chinese food, or because I currently live in San Francisco, which also has great Chinese restaurants, but this food was just wrong. I do admit that I only tried the chicken fried rice, but even that was pretty bland. In retrospect, I would not have put down $55 for 2 unflavorful rice dishes, tea and Vietnamese iced coffee, and a tip for half-ass wait service. Plus, my waiter seemed pretentious, however, the other staff didn't seem so bad.  

I would only go back to this place if I got comped for my meal.
I'll preface that it seems some people question authenticity of a person just because they had a decent meal at this place, that it's some sort of lie or ignorance I'd give it more than 1-2 stars... which isn't quite fair to say as this is about everyones individual experiences and I happen to have been happy with mine. I'm not Chinese but my older 2 brothers and sister are and their culture is very prevalent as part of my upbringing since I was born. My dad was a businessman whose partners are all Chinese and we spent much time in Hong Kong and had indulgences cooked by our Chinese friends/business partners/family and I cook Chinese at home. 

We came late at night before they were closing after watching a show. A few customers in there still, but only 3 other tables, one Chinese. 

Foodwise, I was very surprised that it took me back to times feeling like I was eating from someones home kitchen. Appetizers- black bean pork riblets, green onion pancake and for main- Braised E Fu noodles with crab, Macau style pork.

Riblets were soft and piping hot, paired well with the pancake which was a nice balance of crisp, soft and right amount of chewiness. My favorite childhood pancake done right texture wise...was light on the onion which I can go heavy or lighthanded with it. 

E-Fu noodles had a decent portion, good lumps of crab that was fresh and had sliced shitakes in it. This was simple and nicely flavored and done. Macau pork was a small portion, but good- crispy, some fat but not too much...served with sauce and pickled veggies. 

Ice tea was surprisingly nice. It wasn't a plain tea like Lipton, but a nice blend that had fruity and flowery balanced....most of the restaurants brew this same ice tea. I should ask what it is next time.

Overall, I thought the food lived up to making me happy and did taste authentic. 

The server wasn't really friendly or chatty, but was attentive. Checking on us, refilling drinks, replaced our utensils from apps to main, made sure to ask for last call on the kitchen. Staff was on and would be very sad if they couldn't manage us 4 tables in for late night but it passed what I expected it to be.

Pricewise though is the deal breaker as its like 2x what a usual family owned spots would for this casual Chinese food. Yeah, it's in a casino so you pay for convenience, a nicer ambiance and the fact that rent there in Palazzo/Venetian is some of the most expensive on the strip so they gotta cover their ass. I don't think it's easy to market Chinese food at this price as we're used to paying cheap prices for good Chinese foods.If this was a "gourmet burger bar" or a sushi bar something of the like, I doubt it would struggle as much or have as much price complaints. We got a special discount so it was worth it, but at regular price for a local I will head to Chinatown instead of the strip for food. Still, the food was good and made me feel like I was eating a Chinese uncles food at home. It's been a while since something reminded me of being a kid.

I say food is good and if you have to eat in Palazzo, then it's a choice but it's a hefty price compared to a taxi ride to Chinatown.
I went to Zine earlier today and left extremely disappointed. My friend and I got there around noon, and were seated right away toward the back of the restaurant. Good start...

In terms of ambiance, it's a nice looking restaurant. It's located off to the right side of the casino floor. The inside is nice looking, and our table was pretty big. They had a TV in the back that was playing a soccer game.

The service was AWFUL. I don't think our waitress ever introduced herself, and apart from taking our order, she never stopped at our table. She didn't even ask how the food was (which is pretty normal, no?) and we had to flag her down to get our bill. There was an eyelash (or some sort of small hair) in my teacup, so I asked her for another cup. I eventually had to flag down another person to get me another cup because our waitress never came back. I could understand her forgetting if the restaurant was packed, but all she had was us (a table of 2) and another table of 10 guys.

The food was ok, but I've had MUCH better dim sum. We were thinking about ordering another round, but decided against it because a) I was hungover, b) the food was not as good as we were expecting, and c) the service sucked.

Definitely an overrated restaurant.
I go to Vegas about once a month, sometimes twice a month, and I rarely venture out of my comfort zone for Asian food (never in Vegas hotels) preferring to take my car out to Mountain Spring/Chinatown area. However, I felt I should give the Asian restaurants in the Venetian/Palazzo a try. Honestly, I would not have eaten here had I not received resort credit. I was expecting to get fusion-like Chinese food, basically "fake" Chinese food. Much to my surprise, I really enjoyed my dinner! I had the prime beef tenderloin and the Chilean sea bass, and they were both very good. I'd definitely come back. I have lots more on the menu I'd like to try!
The prices were a little much especially when I knew we could get the same dimsum for better quality for half the price down the street at the Chinatown district. But hey, it's the Vegas Strip. Like I said, the quality was not amazing and the service didn't help either. Our server brought out our pot stickers and soup first and forgot to bring out the rest of our dimsum. After waiting another 20 min we finally told the host to cancel the rest of our order because we were late for an appt. The server brought out the rest of our order anyway so we ended up having to stuff those down quickly. Pretty disappointing.
I would have to say that while the menu looks like it offers chinese dishes, the quality and taste is not up to par.

The lychee iced drink seemed to be nothing more than canned lynchee with watered down syrup with ice.

The hot and sour soup base was bland and spicy, but the contents were very abundant.  It was lacking on the sour part.

For the entree to chose to go with variety and ordered the BBQ & Roasted combination which allowed me to pick 3 different types.  I chose the BBQ spare rib, Soy Sauce Chicken, and Chui Chow Style Spiced Tofu.  The BBQ spare rib really didn't taste like anything.  The meat was essentially glued to the bone and required effort.  The Soy Sauce chicken had very little chicken meat.  It was just skin and bones.  As a result of the skin and bones, the applied soy sauce really soaked into the minimal amount of meat essentially made the chicken very salty.  The tofu lacked any spice and the tofu skin lacked texture.  I was able to try a piece of the honey glazed bbq pork which was definitely honey glazed, but the pork was not very good.  

The trio mochi ice cream was actually pretty tastey and soft.  The mochi shell was very soft and melted in my mouth.  While the ice cream was average.
Great Ambiance - Diverse Menu offers lots of Asian inspired food options. 

The service was great - they took a large group at lunch of 12 people and we had no reservations. The menu was accommodating to all taste buds and overall the table was satisfied with our selections. I had a 3 meat combination plate with the bar-b-que pork (GREAT!), the roasted pork (Solid) and the Soy Sauce Chicken (Not for me.)

Overall I was happy and would give this restaurant another try.
They don't deserve to use the words "dim sum" in their name!!  This is not a dim sum place at all!!  A few dim sum items under the appetizer section of their menu does not do it!!  Who ever heard of $18 for a bowl of pho?!!  We didn't order that but wanted to note how ridiculous that was - only in Vegas, I guess!!  We had their wonton noodle soup, which was $12, and not spectacular!  We ordered the hau gow and sue mai just to try it and it was dry and not worth it at all!!  The service was super slow and the servers all looked miserable!  Worse place ever, not worth a dime!!!
Zine is an upscale Asian restaurant that was labeled one of the ten best in America by Chinese Restaurant News. Chef Simon To, the recipient of the blue ribbon award from my alma mater (can you say that about culinary school?), Le Cordon Bleu, has created a menu bursting with excellent renditions of the more popular items you find on Cantonese, Vietnamese, and other Eastern menus throughout the valley. I would like to try everything on his menu, however, due to the extraordinarily high prices you pay for these renditions, dining here is more of a luxury than feasting on similar versions elsewhere.

Between the two of us, we ordered four items. The amount of food was more than enough, but surprisingly, we didn't leave stuffed - a definite plus. We started with the Rare Filet Mignon and Beef Ball Pho ($18), a version of the traditional Vietnamese soup. The filet was  tender, the broth was rich, and the rice noodles weren't over-saturated with liquid. My only regret was that we hadn't ordered the version of the soup without the beef balls, not because they were bad, but because the filet was so wonderful. Likely a traditonal pho would not contain filet, however, so this pho is a particularly indulgent one and the hefty price tag confirms this.

We then moved on to the steamed Shanghainese pork dumplings ($9.25), which for the record, are the absolute best I've had in town. China Mama on Spring Mountain has been reviewed as having the closest version to those of the incredibly popular Din Tai Fung in Arcadia, but Zine puts those to shame. At China Mama, the technique just isn't down. The dumplings fall apart at the bottom because they are too thin, releasing the coveted broth prematurely, and the crimping at the top is inconsistent and often sloppy. Zine is the only place I've seen that can compare to Din Tai Fung, however, they don't have the great variety of options, a sad yet understandable difference. Unfortunately, they also cost twice as much, but for a Strip restaurant I'd expect nothing less. If I put myself on a food budget, which I really need to get around to doing one of these days, I'd order these alone and wouldn't need much else.

We finished with some dishes from the "Chef's Special" section, all of which end in $0.80. I think this is supposed to make the consumer lucky. We had the sauteed vegetables ($16.80), which were impeccably dressed in a light garlic sauce and cooked beautifully. The little pearl mushrooms were a welcome and unique variation, however, I was hoping for Chinese broccoli rather than regular broccoli. The Honey Glazed Walnut Prawns ($28.80), a personal favorite, could have come out hotter but were delicious nonetheless. The dish consists of extra large prawns that have been lightly battered and fried and tossed with a mayonnaise based sweet sauce and, of course, honey glazed walnuts. Sounds healthy doesn't it? I found the quality of this comparable to same dish at Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast, but due to the fact they cost double at Zine, Ping Pang Pong wins my walnut prawn competition.

Other than the prices, there was nothing about Zine that would make me not go back. Each dish we had was skillfully prepared and well-balanced, so if you see a dish on the menu you've enjoyed elsewhere in Vegas, chances are it will be better here. Just don't forget to eat the lucky dishes so your gambling habit might pay off and cover the cost of your meal.
This is a new, high-end Chinese fine dine eatery in the Palazzo Hotel and Resort. It essentially replaced the former high-end Asian restaurant called "Woo." We chose to try this restaurant only because of a voucher we received in a hotel package. The voucher allowed us to take $30 off of a bill of at least $60 total. We thought, "what a good deal!" Well, on second thought, NO it wasn't!

The food:

Overpriced Chinese food. I hate to say this, because to the contrary of popular belief, there IS such a phenomenon as expensive, high-quality Chinese cuisine that is absolutely worth paying for. Zine, however, is NOT such a phenomenon. While the description of the restaurant alluded to a variety of Asian dishes on the menu, it mainly Chinese cuisine, with the exception of a few Vietnamese "phou" dishes. 

Mao Pao Tofu = 20 dollars
Sirloin Beef Cubes = 30 dollars
Cup-size Hot/Sour Soup = 8 dollars

And no, the quality of the food was not worth the extra charge. The presentation was sloppy (I swear the noodle joint @ Bellagio (Noodles) can do better than this). The taste? Sure it was good and tasty, but I am absolutely convinced you can find this same taste and quality from a local Asian eatery (probably on Spring Mtn Road) 5 minutes away by car. 

Service:

I have to admit the service was top-notch. They constantly checked on my table, asked us if we needed anything else, and it made me realize I should focus my criticism not on the staff that was simply working here trying to make a living, but the overzealous owner or hotel mastermind behind this careless restaurant concept. 

Here is a warning to those who are planning to use a similar voucher at any of these Palazzo restaurants: they will automatically calculate the 18% gratuity based on your ORIGINAL total, not the discounted total. So while my bill essentially came out to around $50 dollars for two people, the 18% tip was based on a total of course $90. 

Overall:

I would probably not come back here again unless there is a miraculous price adjustment to their menu. I would to reiterate that I am a proponent of expensive Chinese food, though it must prove its extra worth through quality and taste. Zine does not justify the price of its menu and I truly believe that without the voucher currently being offered to Palazzo residents, Zine would see little business in far future.
Nice decor. Food was alright-needed more flavoring. The mango mochi ice cream was delicious--quite a unique dessert.  I would go back just for the dessert.  Service was good.
Nice contemporary Chinese setting.  Good food - enjoyed the bbq pork/chicken/roast duck platter & fried rice.
By the time I and my friends were ready for food, it was past 10pm. We went strolling in Palazzo because we like playing the C tables here :) We stumbled in Zine. 

Yes, price is on the very high end but the food is pretty good so that's fine. I am giving 5 stars because our server was exceptional. 

My girlfriend wanted to order the steam lobster entree and she did. Minutes later, our server came back politely to let her know the market price would be $70 for the 2lbs lobster LoL... My girlfriend changed the order to something else. We ordered three entrees & wines. The last entree that was brought out, my girlfriend pointed out to them that they brought out the wrong dish she had ordered so our server immediately removed the entree. My girlfriend picked another entree. 
By the time we were done with our meal, our server asked if we would like some complimentary mochica ice creams ( mango & strawberry & chocolate). We accepted. Our server came back to check on us again and he was very apoligetic about the one entree incident and wanted to make sure we are happy. BTW, we told him we like the mochi ice cream a lot, he got us more mochi ice creams :) 

Overall, very good service & food was pretty good ...
3.5 stars for me.

I agree with what many say that the place is overpriced, but we clearly had a better lunch than many.  Don't know if they're inconsistent, or if we just ordered better?  Here's what we had:
-Shanghainese Pork Dumpling: A pretty basic dish that is hard to do badly.  The dumplings did take a while to come out (we were told this in advance), suggesting that they are fresh.  They were freshly steamed and pretty good.
-Cantonese Roast Duck: This dish was small but very tasty.  The duck was nicely cooked, and the skin was flavorful and crispy.  Enjoyed this.
-Satay Ox Tail Noodle Soup: Our waitress was very pleased that we both knew what ox tail was and that we liked it.  Apparently most of the whiteys that go there don't.  Living in LA, we eat everything!  This was super interesting.  Viet-style  Pho, with Thai-style satay base, with Chinese-style ox tail.  It says it's spicy and I'm sure it is for some.  I wanted it hotter, so we doctored it with some of the sauces on the table.  I enjoyed this dish a lot.  Great mix of flavors!
-Singapore Style Curry Rice Vermicelli: Again, good flavors and interesting mix.  We enjoyed this too!

Overall we enjoyed our meal but, admittedly, it was expensive.  I was also mildly annoyed that I needed to leave the restaurant to use the restroom; for this price, but a restroom in your place like all the other medium-upscale places!  Service was good and we were stuffed full of bold flavors.
I don't really understand all the haters here- I thought the food was good, at a decent price!

We had the pork dumpling, hot and sour soup, and soy flavored noodle dish (can't remember what it was exactly called, but it came with bean sprouts and beef). Everything was really good! The dumplings came out steaming hot, the soup was well seasoned, and the noodles were just delicious! 

I would go back. But no fortune cookie? Sad.
The beef tenderloin in garlic sauce was awesome.  The meat was so tender and melted in your mouth.
If you're craving Chinese food, this is the closest you'll get to it on the strip. Although, I can't really blame them entirely for being below par because mostly tourists come here and they have no incentive to improve their dishes...or more accurately resemble authentic dishes. 

I suggest ordering the BEEF CHOW FUN, which I think is the dish that is made most accurately to beef chow fun in authentic Chinese restaurants.

The service really sucks- the only people in the restaurant were my boyfriend and I and it took us forever to find someone to fill our tea pot and get check. All the waiters were doing something in the back. Obviously they didn't appreciate our business even though we were the only ones there...
This is a wonderful addition to Vegas restaurants.  The dim sum is okay, but I like the noodle dishes and other entrees better.  Their seafood noodle soup is not very spicy but has wonderful stone crab claws.  The Mongolian beef is spicy, and perhaps the best I have ever had.  I also love the prawns with egg and chow fun.  The chow fun is truly rice based here like many years ago and of great quality.  The food is not overly salty here, and has a wonderful blend of flavors.  This place is a little hidden, and has great food.  It is quite pricey for what it is though.
I agree with the majority of reviews here, in that the food is pretty typical fare, and way over-priced. 

Chicken Pot Stickers: Were almost cold when they arrived at the table. Had to send them back. Once we got a hot plate, we devoured them. VERY good and the sauce they serve with them is wonderful.

Fried Chinese Donuts: Nice, but nothing special.  I dipped them in my soup broth.

Filet Mignon Noodle Soup: Pretty good, but didn't blow me away. Seemed a little under-seasoned.

Roasted Pork Belly: Another dish served at an inappropriately cool temperature.  Didn't bother sending it back because I warmed the pieces up by dunking them in my soup broth. I suspect if this dish had been served hot, it would have been quite good. It was my first taste of pork belly, so quite disappointing. Upon reflection ... I wish I had sent it back. Dammit!

Kung Pao Chicken: Flavorful, plenty of chicken, yummy sauce. Good, but nothing more than you might find at any decent Chinese restaurant.

Thai Iced Tea and regular iced tea: Yummy!

Service was adequate, but nothing special. One of the bussers couldn't speak English, so she had to find someone who could understand that our pot stickers were cold and we wanted to send them back. Just annoying.

Tab for 2 people, 2 beverages, 5 dishes was $84 and that was after our $10 coupon was deducted.  Obviously, you are paying for the location inside the fancy schmancy Palazzo, and the expensive, dramatic decor.  

Overall, it didn't suck, but I am not inspired to return any time soon.
I tried this place for the first time this past weekend.  I have to be honest... I wasn't that hungry when we went... But the others in my party were... So we went.  I ordered something very light - the egg white beef cilantro soup.  Others ordered congee, the pork belly, and the pan fried noodles.  My soup was absolutely delicious!  Granted, it was like $8 for a small portion.  I tried the congee and that was the best congee I have ever eaten.  I'm no congee expert so to me, it was great.  They had pho for like $18 a bowl which I think is a rip off... But it is Vegas and inside The Palazzo.  Food was wonderful, just overpriced!  Oh, by the way.. cool ambiance if you ask me.
I usually tell my friends that eating in the Venetian/Palazzo complex is pretty much a safe bet.  The food is usually very very good.  Put an Asian themed restaurant inside an Italian resort and all hell breaks loose.  We had a large lunch, so Zine was a good choice for a light dinner.  We went with the Shumai as an appetizer.  This shumai was like spam wrapped and steamed.  The meat was grinded down so fine and the binding agent created a thick spammy type blob.  We also had the pan fried egg noodles with seafood.  The noodles were pan-fried, but not enough of the noodles were pan-fried.  I would say 5% of the noodles were crispy.  Also, most places tend to over-sauce the pan-fried noodles and that makes any crispyness soggy.  To add insult to injury, the scallops were not cleaned properly and had grit in the meat.  The chicken and fish fried rice was good.  Not enough meat.  The best dish we had was the combo BBQ.  We had the Roasted Duck, Spare Rib and Pork Belly.  This was done excellent.  Nice crispy pork belly and duck skin really made it the star of the show.  So, now I can tell all my friends that eating at any Italian restaurant in the Venetian/Palazzo complex is a safe bet.
We were looking for a nice light meal before the Blue Man Group show and Zine fit the bill perfectly. While I can see where some of the issues described in the more negative reviews came from, we fortunately didn't run into them. I think expectations are key here - all we wanted from the restaurant was a bowl of noodles (we were actually heading for Noodle Asia but walked by Zine, looked the menu and decided to give it a try).. Service was friendly and efficiant, my bowl of Pho Tai was delicious and Sam's Won Ton noodle soup could have used a little more flavor but the shrimp wontons were a nice surprise. After three days of high-end eating we weren't in a terribly critical frame of mind and I think that had a lot to do with our perceptions
If you have read my reviews on regular basis, you know I rarely pay for food at Vegas Casinos.  In my opinions, you can get much better food/values dining else where, i.e., not in the casinos.  

This was an over due review as it was part of my birthday offer (along with $$$ slot credits) from Venetian/Palazzo back in March.  I used it twice so I had dinner here twice.  I agree with some of the reviewers that the price is high for what you get (thus, why I don't eat in the casinos unless it's free).  Although this restaurant also calls itself a Dim Sum restaurant, I would not recommend having dim sum here. (Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast offers much better dim sums)  The selections are very limited and I don't think they were made in-house (judging from the appetizers we had).  

The decor is very typical Chinese, red and dark wood.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=x8ygrCywG3_FWAUwKibbmw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=akOesnzeDGBQ0AXJvXos6A.  We had the Ultimate Dinner for 2 (Prix Fixe) as followed:

1)  Course # 1 Appetizer - Egg rolls, Sui Mai, and Pot Sticker.  Like I said, earlier, these taste like store bought.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=NZO7p2uF35vjc-pXrXaXxQ

2) Course # 2 Chinese Lobster Salad in Citrus Dressing - You get about 3 little piecesof lobster.  Dressing is a bit tart.  I think they could have used better salad for this dish.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=TMj9z4crBk4a3qJ_IxUHUw

3) Course #3 Soup - I chose Hot and Sour Soup and my fiance had Wonton Soup.  Both are pretty good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=UaH4RErpnUy1YWgXD_3VXw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=L9XBjVOcoFG-T4Si3I7FpQ

4) Course #4 Entree - I had Prawns with Candied Walnuts, Fried Rice (with Shrimps and Scallops), and Veggie.  I thought they were very good.  The mayonnaise was just right http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=I2qhcjAAmLmhfh_mH20JgQ My fiance had Pepper Crusted Beef Tenderloin, Frid Rice, and Veggie. The beef was melt-in-your mouth tender with great flavor.  One of the best cooked beef I've had.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=oBYWMt8cnovjjuYwbjtzgw

5) Course #5 Dessert - 1 tiny piece of mochi ice cream.  I love mochi ice cream.  They should have given 2.  :) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=Xtvk_sDxgkMn0gpx9wxFmw

I might be biased in giving this place 4 stars because I didn't have to pay for the meals.  But I thought the quality of our meals was really good and price was on par with what you'd expect from casino restaurant.  Service was very attentive.  Come here for their regular entrees and not Dim Sum and I think you'd be fine.
Sorry, but this would probably be the most disappointing meal during my Vegas trip.  Not only was it the most expensive, the food wasn't anything to brag about.  I tried a bunch of food from their menu (since I was with a bunch of people), the only item that was good was the walnut prawns...But how can walnut prawns not be good.

Thumbs up for the atmosphere though.
Disappointed. Overpriced. 

Yeah yeah yeah you heard it from me a gazillion times, I'm not a Chinese food fan...so take this review with a grain of salt perhaps?

First, the restaurant wasn't that busy and the server (and kitchen) was really slow. For a party of 6 people, our food came out in largely varying times. Majority of our party's dishes trickled out except a couple, so we asked about them - twice. So about 25 minutes later the remaining dishes finally arrived. 

We had vouchers and our server was clearly annoyed about it. Maybe she was really cranky about working on Christmas. We politely explained the situation and tried to be nice about it and smile instead of giving her a hard time (hoping it would lighten her mood)....well, she was non-receptive and further decided to be short and unattentive. At least the hostess was nicer....

I ordered the wonton noodle soup which was bland, albeit the more "healthy item" on the menu. The bok choy was not "ripe" enough and the broth was...off. The egg noodles were sooo tangled I started getting frustrated about trying to eat them, hahaa. No I did not finish my dish.

The spicy scallops were very spicy omfg. Way over-sauced. The scallops weren't cooked right and overall tasted like spicy mush. 

The sweet and sour soup was just ok but I would not ever get it again. 

The only good thing about my meal was my lychee drink which was fresh and light with real lychee fruit, none of that fake stuff.

Everything was overpriced and not that good, I did not enjoy my time here and it was not a good value even with the vouchers.
As a born and raised Texan, going to Vegas was pricey, but paying for food in Vegas was even more pricey! Especially for "Chinese" food, yikes! But all prices aside, I'm willing to over look the $$ signs if the food is eff'n amazing.  

Zine's menu was typical Americanized Chinese food. Although it's suppose to be a noodle/ dim sum place, there weren't enough dim sum choices to put dim sum in the name of the restaurant! There were a few noodle choices in addition to pho noodle soups. But I was expecting all-out noodle/ dim sum fest type menu, PLUS some typical Chinese dishes. It's more of the other way around. But all criticality aside, what about the food you ask? I ordered green onion pancake, a bowl of Schezuan beef and tendon noodle soup, and iced tea. The pancake was a lose/lose for for me. It didn't' taste like onion at all, but more like butter. Heck! If you poured some syrup on top, I would of thought the pancake was from IHOP. The soup, however, is what hooked me. It was soooo GOOOOD. The flavor and freshness made the soup absolutely amazing. It was a pretty decent sized bowl, and I ate it ALL, broth included.

The decor is nice, the staff is okay. I really don't like having to ask for more iced tea, it's my pet peeve. I was on the verge of cracking when one of the staff finally saw that I was down to the bottom and came to fill'er up. If you check this place out, stick to a noodle soup. It's definitely less pricey for the portion size.
Came here with a group of girlfriends and ordered family style.  We had the barbecue with 3 meats, which was delicious, a noodle dish which was the best entree by far, and dumplings.  The dumplings were served hot, with a sweet sauce, and they were really good. Everyone was pleased wih the meal, and no one complained about the price.  The service was a bit slow though, especially since the restaurant was pretty empty.  I would definitely go back.
So overall, this place was fine. It was ok..

Yes, it LOOKS amazing. Everything was very well decorated, and I just liked sitting there. Things were brought out in fancy little carts, and it was just overall a really nice environment.

Our waiter was helpful, although sometimes there were minor miscommunications, but he always asked and double checked before jumping to conclusions and putting in our order.

The food was fine. It was a little greasy, and a little overpriced. I felt as though I could've really just gotten something that tasted better for a lot less at a Chinatown, but after all. When you go to Vegas, you don't really expect anything to be super cheap. If you crave authentic, I wouldn't get my hopes up for this place. 

All in all, the food was fine. We were tired and had just come from the air port, ready for our first meal off the plane. We weren't expecting anything extravagant, but it filled us up and we were satisfied.

If you're looking for an amazing food experience, this isn't the place to go. But if you want to just grab a friend, eat somewhere with really pretty interior design, and relax in a sea of red lanterns then I'd say go for it.
This place is hidden in the corner of the casino , and a bit hard to find. We were seated at a good table on Saturday night without a reservation. Service was prompt and attentive. 


The steamed pot stickers were good, the sauce that came with it was a bit too vinegary for my taste. The pepper crusted beef tenderloin was perhaps the best beef I have had in Vegas. It was melt in your mouth tender, with the right amount of seasoning, and there wasn't an ounce of fat in any bite! I would return just for the beef alone. 

The prices are a bit high, but normal with the rest of Vegas.
Very overpriced for very poor food. Do yourself a favor and walk over to Noodles Asia at the Venetian. The food is much much better there.

I ate here twice during Super Bowl weekend. We had dim sum for lunch the first time and it was okay, nothing too amazing. Some of the dishes looked like they were pre-cooked and just thrown into a microwave and then served to us. The next night we went back for dinner. What a huge mistake! We ordered a special Chinese New Year's Chicken Dish which was dryer than the desert. Again, it seemed like this dish was pre-cooked and then microwaved. Disgusting for $38! Then we ordered a basic beef with veggies dish. This is as standard a Chinese dish as you can get and somehow they messed this one up too. And finally we ordered ma-po tofu which was not up to standards either. With taxes and tips, my bill was $140. What a ripoff. One of the worse meals that I have ever had in Vegas! I know prices are inflated in Vegas but $140 for three of the most basic Chinese dishes is crazy! 

Again, do yourself a favor and walk over to the Venetian to eat Chinese food at Noodles Asia. These same three dishes would probably cost about $45 and will taste a hell of a lot better. 

Never again for Zine!
Nice place, loved the interior. DECENT, i repeat, decent food. 

Not great but not terrible.
Had a hangover, and came here to eat their OVERPRICED pho. But it was yummy, and I can see why it is expensive, as it is very good in quality. Other than that, okay Chinese food that I can easily get in San Francisco... and half the price. 

This place can be easily missed, but just walk by the walls of the casino  in the Palazzo and you should be able to spot it.
Why is it that every time I'm hung over I want some sort of noodle soup?  It must be the FOB in me.  Zine delivers with a good variety of options- wonton noodle soup, beef noodle soup, or pho.  They also have a good variety of dim sum items to choose from.  Sure, it's not the most authentic I've ever had and yes, it's quite overpriced.  But for a hung over girl just wanting a few familiar comfort foods, it definitely satisfies.
People are too hard on Zine.

First, Palazzo often times gives you a good amount off your meal if you're staying there.  Secondly, it's Vegas -- NOTHING IS AUTHENTIC. 

A little on the expensive side but the atmosphere is fantastic  and the service is pretty good. Just drink a little before dinner and enjoy yourself.

The food is all pretty good. I've only had a handful of items on the menu (roughly 5-10) but honestly was never disappointed. Of course it wasn't the best food in the world, but honestly it still is pretty damn good. 

The star is taken off for the prices. Yes, I know I mentioned you can get a good amount off but there is no reason to charge me almost 20 bucks for a bowl of pho. Seriously, no reason at all. That being said, I will go back and get the pho next time I'm there. Damn.

But seriously, you are eating a restaurant in a 5-star resort -- things are going to be overpriced. There is a Panda Express somewhere on the strip, if you don't want to pay for the experience.
What the pho?!?  $18 for a bowl of the Vietnamese soup?  I don't think so.  I'd rather drop it in the Wheel Of Fortune slot machine, thank you very much.

After a night of partying up Vegas-style...... ok fine, I meant hanging out with the 2-year old at the mermaid aquarium in the Silverton hotel..... we were looking for something to eat before heading back up to the room.  Palazzo doesn't have many no-frills restaurants in their lobby like the Venetian does, so we decided to have some quick Chinese food at Zine.  I knew it wasn't going to be cheap, but that's ok.  The service was friendly upon entering.  After we were seated, that's when I saw the price for pho.  I was thinking maybe it was served with a side of porterhouse or something.  But, no.  Guess I'll skip that.  We ended up ordering some of the Chinese noodle soups which were a little cheaper.  It was a big bowl and had a lot of noodles, meat, and veggies, but it was pretty bland.  We also ordered some dim sum which was a little bit better.

As for service, it was pretty non-existent after we ordered.   Normally, I would let it slide if they were busy, but they weren't.  I had to go to the front to ask someone to get the bill.  Even after that, it took about 5 minutes to actually get it.

Even though I am giving a 2-star rating, I would probably still come back.  Like I said, Palazzo doesn't have many no-frill restaurants and that trek to Venetian might be a little too far when I'm drunk (Jamie translation: lazy).
The food was decent, the portions are miniature. The only reason we ate here was because when we just checked in at the Palazzo, the restaurant was right there. 

Don't waste a meal here if you're visiting but if you are starved like I was, the Shanghai Rice Cakes are good.
After a few days in Vegas, comfort food is necessary. My comfort food is swedish meatballs or pho. Random, I know. On Saturday night my friend & I needed some pho. I'm sure there are legit vietnamese restaurants in the city but since we were feeling lazy and didn't want to walk very far, we came to Zine. And my ex-bf recommended it. 
I had the chicken dumpling soup & my friend had the seafood bowl, a special. Both were very good & obviously made fresh with quality ingredients, my only complaint is that the soup is a little bland but there's vinegar, soy sauce and red pepper flakes on the table so I made a concoction to spice it up. Service was good. We had the cutest older Chinese man as our waiter. He made me smile. Minus a couple of stars for the price.
My buddy and I decided on an early lunch here due to convenience (it's one of the first restaurants you see in the Palazzo as you're walking out of the elevators) and the fact that we had a 10% coupon for hotel guests.

Upon entering our conversation was something along these lines: "Have we been here before?? Looks familiar.. no.. i dont' think so.. wait yes.. wasn't this some crappy place we ended up hella years ago?? Remeber, half of our group got sick later... it was called jade, phoenix , or some other generic sounding name though...".

Despite our concerns once we realized this was the exact spot a number of years ago where we had a horrible meal we were already pot committed.  Prices are still extremely high but that's to be expected given location.  As far as I can remember , the menu didn't change, just the name of the restaurant.
   
I actually thought the dim sum and appetizers were decent, however the congee was absolutely bland and stingy with the protein.  I'm fine with paying high prices but you'd think with their margins so high they could at least fake giving you you your money's worth.
I gotta admit, this place is pricey for what you get. The food isn't even the greatest I've had but I've definitely had worse. The atmosphere is really nice though and the decor is gorgeous. Next time we go, I would give it another chance.
Not the best Chinese style food.  Service good....but food not great.  Atmosphere very trendy and nice....but it's all about the food.  If you want good Asian food....there are other places that are better.  Maybe because of decor it's okay place to grab an appetizer and drinks only with friends.
this place is okay.  I kinda thought our waiter was kinda weird, but needless to say he was very helpful in finding veggie food for us.  we ordered a few items, all of which were "okay".  The best thing we ordered is the ma po tofu dish.  it was so amazing, it prompted us to find a recipe online and make it ourselves.  we only came here because we stayed at the hotel and they gave us a $20 off of $50 coupon.  honestly, if we didn't have this...we probably wouldn't have eaten here.  we probably won't come here again.....
My husband and I were at the Palazzo, bar and restaurant hopping, trying new places.  We were also gambling and walking the casino floor.  I've never noticed Zine before so we decided to try and appetizer.  We ordered the steamed pork dumplings.   Neither of us really enjoyed the sauce the dumplings came with...we ended up making our own creation from the soy sauce, red hot sauce and vinegar on the table.  That helped but the dumplings weren't amazing. 

Other factors of Zine:  If you only speak English, you're going to notice the huge language barrier with the wait staff.  Maybe language was the issue, however, they seemed to be inexperienced and inefficient.  They never came back to check if we wanted more water or another drinks.  The appetizer took forever to come out!  I didn't love the dcor either....It looked like it was going to be way cooler from the outside than it ended up being on the inside.  Also, there is only a noodle bar, not a regular bar.  But you can order drinks at your table.

End result, I don't see us returning.
When I went to Vegas for my birthday with my family, I wanted to do a nice dinner. After checking into the Palazzo, my brother received a promo for Zine, so we decided to plan to have dinner there.

It's located right where the hotel meets the casino, so it's easily accessible. It's really nice inside too. Looks very clean. 

The food was actually really good, but I remember the portions being slightly small for what we were paying. I think my favorite was the Honey Walnut Prawns (Yummmm!). They did give me a birthday dessert with a candle :)  

I enjoyed my time at Zine Noodles Dim Sum, but I don't really see myself coming here again unless someone has a promo or something. It's a good place, but I'm sure there's even better places not too far.
Only in Vegas could you mark up a simple Pho to some outrageous price because it is claimed to be "exotic". If you live in LA you can go down the street for a 1/3 of the price and it is much more authentic.

On to the positive...The room is beautiful with its modern Asian feel. The dish you MUST get is the Pork Belly. After being repeatedly warned that the pork has fat on it, meaning usually you stupid white people send this shit back, our dish arrived. It was crispy and yes fatty in a great way. The sauce on the side which is some sort of Hoisin sauce was a perfect complement. The soups are also good but you could get the same thing at other places at half the price. You could even walk down the way to Noodle Asia to get one that is much more authentic.

I'll be back for the pork and next time I will say I had it before. Hopefully that will save a five minute discussion about fat with the waiter.
Overpriced Asian entrees, ($18+ for a bowl of pho?!) average service, and plain tasting food.  I did like their spicy wonton appetizer, and the Singapore style noodles were decent... but I don't think I would come back here again.  We only came here because my friends were staying at the Palazzo and had a coupon.  There's nothing special about this place.
We dined here because we were staying at the Palazzo.  It was a-ok, pretty pricey for a bowl of pho, but I could imagine myself eating there after a night of clubbing.  They close really late, which is good. 

Since the dishes are around $20 ea (yup, a bowl of pho is $20 here), I got something cheaper -- Wonton soup @ $12 a bowl.  I thought it was edible and I could not complain.  The iced coffee tasted like water -- they dared call it vietnamese iced coffee -- and the water tasted like chlorine.

Terrible service.  The waiter looked annoyed at us the entire time.  Sir, if you'd like the restaurant to remain in an empty state, just tell us and we'll use our $20 on alcohol instead.
Terrible service and way over-priced for so-so food. Better off with Noodle Asia at the Venetian.
I can't complain with their food or service.  Comped meals are always worth it.  Thanks Club Grazie for making me and my wife feel VIP.  Would definitely eat here again.
The best hot & sour soup!
I've fallen behind on my reviews, hence I'll keep it short and easy:
Dinner for two; place was nice and quiet, lighting was dim. It was romantic until a large group of Asian players bombarded the place...
Anyway, three dishes: peppered beef(the bf loved it he couldn't stop raving about it), panfried noodles with shrimp(eh, pretty standard, sure not worth the $ we spent on it), grilled sea bass(I died and went to fish heaven? It was divine). 
I think the most expensive item was the fish; overall cost was almost 80 bucks but luckily they gave us a 25% discount with a local id. And service was excellent as well.
5 stars just for the Crispy Fried Tofu. 8 pieces for $8.00. Only fried tofu that's lightly battered (similar to a tempura batter but lighter) and melts in your mouth. I don't care for the normal rubber dried out fried tofu everyone serves. But...this is the only place I've found that makes fried tofu like this. I eat here at least twice while in Vegas just for the crispy tofu. Other notable mentions are the shrimp fried rice and dim sum.
This place has excellent food.  You have to ignore the prices - remember you're in the Palazzo in Vegas right? Not off the strip at some corner chinese take-out joint.  The scallion pancakes are fantastic - almost as good as the street carts in Taipei! Delicious and crispy.  The beef noodle soup has the perfect tasting broth.  Even the americanized dishes were excellent - the walnut shrimp - divine.  And yes - that is mayonnaise.  The only thing I would def stay away from is the xiao long bao - the steamed soup dumplings.  They didn't taste quite right, and the broth had leaked out of all the dumpling by the time they arrived.  But everything else I've tried there is excellent.  I've dined here at least 10 times on different trips over the years.
I was in Vegas for a conference, and partying like a rock star every free moment. Later in the week, I was desiring comfort food. I found Tine Noodles Dim Sum, and was very happy. As some reviewers have said, it costs more than your Chinese food back home, but come on everyone look at the location.

I ate chicken fried rice, added my own soy sauce, and drank a few beers. I finished with the mango pudding. It was delicious!!  With tax and tip, it was $45. Not bad for being in one of the swankiest casinos on the Strip---The Palazzo. I give it 4 stars at least. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll try it again and eat something different. I'll update my review after that. Oh yeah, inside looks very nice, so good for a hot date!!! And, it's cheaper than other restaurants in that town.
I love this place but wish it had a bigger menu.  The noodle soups are outstanding.  The service is outstanding here.  The best dishes are not the dim sum although they are very good.  This is a great place for a more intimate meal.
Somehow we always find ourselves ending our Vegas trip with a bowl of noodle soup.  We usually go to Noodle Asia at the Venetian but when we got there, we discovered that Noodle Asia became Emeril Lagasse's Stadium!  Eek!  We were told that the nearest noodle place was at the Palazzo, so we hopped on over.  

All of the yelp reviews of this place are true - A bowl of pho IS $18.  Only a Vegas restaurant can get away with that.  So of course we didn't order that.  We got the next best thing - shrimp and pork dumplings noodle soup for $13.   Much more reasonable than the pho.

We both ordered the shrimp and pork dumplings noodle soup.  The broth tasted like canned chicken broth, but the dumplings made up for it.  The dumplings tasted like shu mai dim sum you would find in downtown chinatown.  It was actually really good.  They're also really generous with the quantity.  3 stars for decent tasting noodle soup!
We were skeptical about this place when we walked in. We had to walk out and walk back in just to make sure it was a place we wanted to eat. The restaurant was a upscale high end chinese place. We order some dim sum items, roasted duck, and noodles. It was way over price but it's vegas for you.
I would have given Zine 5 stars, but their outrageously high prices for the congee and pho knocked them down 1 star.

However, we have always enjoyed their food and attentive and courteous service.  And, based on our experience, all of the servers speak English fairly well (despite what some other Yelpers wrote).

I especially liked their Braised Pork Belly.  The crispy skin is addictive and there is really not that much fat.

Their Soy Sauce Chicken is also delicious!  The meat is tender and flavorful.

I also enjoyed their Pig Knuckle Noodle Soup.  The knuckle was tender and paired well with the flavorful broth and noodles.

Zine is a great place to enjoy a quiet dinner, but make sure you bring a credit card with a high limit!
Definitely not serving the hotel quality standard foods but located in the palazzo hotel. We stayed at Venetian, and got the coupon from the hotel, so we decided to try as we don't want to go too far with carrying my 18 months old's son. I would say the dim sum from Chinatown has better quality.
There's something about Vegas that makes me crave dumplings. Possibly, its the partying...the alcohol that makes me crave yummy, warm comfort food. I was excited to check this place out on my last visit but that's about as far as it goes. 

My friends and I ordered the Pho, Braised Pork Belly,  BBQ Pork, pork dumplings and other dim sum items. I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have dim sum carts floating about but the food was fairly tasty. I expected so much more from Zine and wish that it knocked my socks off. I would've loved for this to be my go-to spot for dim sum in Vegas but alas my hunt still continues....It was fairly affordable and the service was so-so. Not the worst choice if you are in the Palazzo but there are definitely better spots on the strip.
Something about high end Dim Sum bothers me... I mean... There was nothing wrong with the food, but... I just can't appreciate white-gloved service when I'm eating Dim Sum... That shit should be loud, obnoxious, and the service should be rude...

The food was fine, and the service was terrific... It's just not what I'm used to, so I feel like I was robbed of the Dim Sum experience.
Ugh.

The only reason why I went is because co-workers wanted to go.  While I understand the concept of fine dining high-end Asian food, ...wait, no.  I don't understand it at all.  Other than trying to make money off non-Asian people who like kung pao chicken and have enough to pay $20 for a $5 bowl of pho, I can't see why anyone would go back.

Needless to say, the ambiance was okay.  The menu had WAY too many items, making you question-- what is it that they specialize in?  Well, not the wonton soup.  It was quite bland.  I got the spicy filet mignon noodle soup.  While it was good and the beef was tender, it's nothing I would come back for.
Date/Time:  Saturday - 1:30pm
Occasion:   Lunch
Party of:  Two
Ordered:  American ginseng with chicken soup, minced beef over rice + egg, satay oxtail and tendon noodle soup, lychee iced drink
Total incl gratuity: $120

Yes, you read right. $120 for two people for Chinese food.  Is it over-priced. Extraordinarily!  Is it worth it?  Absolutely.  After a long night of party hopping from LAVO, to Marquee, to Tao, being seated in a quiet booth in the corner and lunching on Chinese is the way to go.

The American ginseng is amazing.  There is a word in Chinese that describes the effect this soup has and I'm not sure if I'm translating it properly, however, drinking this soup really provides a "healing" effect especially after what we put our bodies through in Vegas (8+ hours of 5 inch heels, taking in second-hand smoke...you get the idea).  The bowl is small and runs you $20 for one, although it is SO good.  I was skeptical of the minced beef initially.  It is a dish normally not ordered by the typical Asian person.  It turned out to be generous in portion and very tasty.  The raw egg is stirred into the saucy beef mixture and tossed with the rice.  It is served piping hot in order to cook the egg.  I don't think this dish is on the menu so it must be special ordered.  Finally, the oxtail and tendon soup is good in small doses but a little overwhelming when you're eating a large bowl of it.  This is dish you'll want to share amongst two to three people.  Oxtail is meaty and the satay flavor is strong.

We enjoyed ourselves so much at Zine, we came here both days for lunch! Although steep in price, I think Zine makes for an excellent choice for good Chinese food inside a hotel.
Met some friends for lunch here today.  Never been.  The restaurant was very nice, and excellent service.  I had to try the pho.  Can't say it was the best pho I've ever had...or even in the top 3, but it was still very good.  They get the 4th star for making sure the tendon was very tender.  I usually rate any pho place by that standard.  My lunchmates had some really delicious looking dishes and were pretty happy.

If at Palazzo, I'd definitely revisit this one.
Ugh, I was so annoyed of eating all Chinese food when I came to Vegas with my mom and her friends.  I was not too happy about eating dim sum at the Palazzo (where we stayed) since I wanted to try out the new Wicked Spoon buffet.  

Surprisingly, their food is not too bad and I was glad I got to try it.  I think I have to give Vegas's Asian food the benefit of the doubt.  I always have doubts that they won't taste as good as what I'm expecting.  

We ordered a lot of food, with pot stickers to start it off! They were reallllly good, which was served with a really special sauce on the side.   Ordered noodles and other soups and they were all really good.  Highly recommend coming here if you don't want to go out for dim sum.
It's very rare that you find good, authentic Chinese food anywhere but Chinatown or in your own home (if you have asian parents!). But, Zine really has the taste of authenticity, an amazing atmosphere, and lots of choices for food. I am obsessed with their spring rolls and their braised tofu.

Go!
If it's possible to give a negetive rating, I will give to ZINE!
Very slow and bad service, and even not much people there to eat, they can't handle their work as well! Can you image in the place like this they still charge you 18%service fee and 10$extra for the gratuity! And Tax. That means even you get 20$off from 50, they will still charge you 50. 
Forget about the price, let's talk about the food. I ordered the bao zi, but it's all not fresh. The three cup sauce chicken is the most expensive one, but it's fried! But doesn't say it on the menu! The dessert is the worst part, can't image how they made but it's not right. Not rich enough. Just like water.

My suggest is never go there any more.
Overall the food was pretty good.  I went relatively late for dinner, so the lines were pretty low, and my meal was cheap, but that is only because of casino comps. If it weren't for the comps, I probably would have given them 3 stars, because they seemed a little on the pricey side. The service was good, pretty quick and decent for the crowd. The portions were appropriate; I  did not leave hungry. The food was flavorful. I recommend getting a soup, because they are huge, easily big enough to be shared amongst 2-3 people, and they are delicious.
Mixed feelings about this place...everything was good, but not spectacular. Maybe I'm spoiled by all the fabulous cheap dim sum in San Francisco. Seafood and garlic fried rice was delicious, but I fundamentally have an issue with paying $17+ for fried rice.

Shanghai dumplings were good, har gow was good, BBQ pork buns were tasty. Onion pancake was underwhelming, wouldn't order that again.
Had the mochi for dessert - chocolate, mango, and strawberry. Yum yum!

The service was excellent. Wait staff was very attentive and everyone was helpful and very thoughtful. Decor was nice and we had a pleasant meal.
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
Yeah, they know, yeah...at ZINE NOODLES! - Drake (headlines)

I understand that you are overpaying for chinese food. I want to point out that if you want authentic chinese food that will make you feel comfortable when you are in vegas, its worth it. The restaurant itself has a nice decor, the people working there have an asian accent, (which is a good thing cuz it means they are legit) and its pretty quiet as well. I ordered the beef chow fun which is a safe and easy choice and it tasted good. It's a fine meal in vegas, easy in and easy out, no problems.

Food: 3.5 stars --- Service: 3.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 3 stars
What's up with people giving this place and Red 8 three stars?  I'm giving this four stars because the chef makes good fried rice and noodles.  Yes like Red 8 it is pricey but the food is better than restaurants in the Bay Area.  The yang zhou fried rice is authentic, no carrots or green peas in there.  The waiter said the chef is from Hong Kong which gives them some credibility.  In addition, if you stay at the Palazzo, you get discounts for eating here.  I'm not saying this is great, great food but it's on the strip in a hotel and the food is better than most restaurants and that is why it gets four stars.
The BF and I wanted some delicious Chinese style seafood and Zine delivered far better than the rest. A odd choice for a Valentines for most, but makes perfect sense to us. 

Yes, yes, it is pricey for Chinese food, a cuisine people are used to getting at dirt cheap prices. This isn't your neighborhood takeout, it is a very nice ambiance on a four diamond property. If you want to be a lazy tourist and you only like the white boy special (aka fried rice) and paid $15 then that's on you. However, on some of the authentic dishes this place shines and is worth getting.

We got: 

Pan Seared Scallop in Szechuan Pepper Sauce - this was decent and plentiful. The sauce was sweet, spicy and pungent and I liked the fried basil leaves on the side to accompany it. I will say it was slightly overcooked for me though. They slice it in half and that makes for easier sharing, but could have been the problem. 

Curry Dungeness Crab - these are market price which was $68 at the time we went. I felt a bit odd and ghetto picking up saucy legs and cracking, sucking and biting on them, but once I past my OCD line it was really good and kinda fun. The crab is one of the sweetest and freshest I've had in a long while. The curry sauce was very flavorful and not like a curry I've had before really. Kinda like a cross between sweet Japanese curry and a yellow Indonesian curry. 

Baked Sea Bass- if you go here, this is what to order.  It is baked with a miso teriyaki glaze and had a great caramelized char outside and inside was flaky, juicy and perfectly cooked. It came on a bed of tofu, beech mushrooms, zucchini and whole soft garlic in a tangy soy sauce. You had me at whole garlic cloves, but all the accompaniments were great with the fish. This is true seafood comfort food. 

I've thought about this dish after so it is worth $32. Roy's restaurant comes to mind for me and the type of food served there...this is on that vein, but would rather come for this dish here than one similar there. Also, you get more fish here. Chilean sea bass ain't cheap even from the store and there was 3 little fillets in our serving. 

Service here is very attentive. Someone kept coming to fill drinks and we never went empty.  He came to take away plates of crab shells and even replaced our plates in between courses and if it just gets dirty or messy. It reminds me of the service you get in Hong Kong, everyone speaks various Chinese dialects so I see why a lot of Chinese guests come here. 

Coming back to the sea bass. I have eyes for nothing else here.
Me and four of my friends went here last Saturday night. The service was awesome and the food was very memorable in a great way. The place is pricey but not too bad for a great Vegas meal. The only thing that really really bugs me about the place is there is NO bathroom! You have to walk out into The Palazzo casino floor and then another 100 yards or so. Unacceptable. Plus on the receipt it reads "18% gratuity for 6 people or more parties" which I'm fine with. But they charged us that for 5 people. That bugged me. But that bathroom situation is way more critical and needs to be changed asap. After all this will I go back? YES! The food and service is spectacular but Zine will not get five stars out of me until they get a bathroom.
Vegas Hotel prices but really well-prepared and interesting dishes with attentive service.  Waitstaff willing to spend time with you and help you pick a few items. The chili steamed chicken wontons were excellent as was the chicken chow fun and the chili pan fried scallops.
My friend and I came here for lunch, ordered a Xiao Long Bao and Beef Chow Fun (the dry style). The beef chow fun was okay. The Xiao Long Bao wasn't good. Its skin was too thick that I couldn't pass it to be Xiao Long Bao, it's just a regular dumpling with thick skin. So that was disappointing. The taste was okay, not considered bad, just the skin was too thick that it shouldn't be called Xiao Long Bao.

 At the end, the server also messed up our check. He gave us a check that is not ours. If we were dumb enough not to look before paying, we would have paid more than what we had actually eaten. The server made a mistake and gave us a check of another table, and the wrong check contained more expensive items than what we ordered. 

I might go back to give them another chance and try some other menu items, since the beef chow fun was okay (at least better than Chinatown), but Zine won't be at the top of my list. And I won't order the Xiao Long Bao again, I already found that I can get better Xiao Long Bao in another hotel on the strip. Just be very careful before paying your check, to make sure they bring you the right one.
Decent Xiao Long Bao and Hakow!!! A little too expensive for what it is, but it is convenient to get food here eater than eating Chinese food in China Town
It's hard to find vegetarian options in Las Vegas, especially in this part of the strip!  While almost every restaurant in the area will come up in a "vegetarian" search, few have actually thought out a vegetarian menu.  Zine actually has vegetarian options listed right on the menu.

Service was excellent, and the food was amazing!  I had the pan fried noodles with vegetables and it was so good I almost ordered another.  I will certainly come here again if I'm ever forced to go to Vegas again.
The wait staff seemed stuffy! The waiter could not even crack a smile! Customer service was almost non existent only having 2 parties (including us!) 
They didn't have fresh spring rolls...a real negative in my eyes! My party and I were really looking fwd to them! They charged me $8.00 for 3 glasses of water! 
I Yelped another spot for Pho....and left!  
We were so happy that we didn't eat here!
I generally love this place, but our last visit was lackluster.  My favorite dish is the spicy oxtail noodle soup.  Satay flavored soup, ox tail chunks, and even beef tendon.  Thick, spicy and unique.  The rest of the dishes were just meh. We ordered a crab dish (yes, expensive) and it tasted like it was cooked in ketchup.  So, lots of misses our last visit.  Will have to give it another try and make a final decision whether its worth it to use up stomach space during Vegas food run.
Pan Fried Noodles ~ nom nom nom
Came here for lunch with girlfriends and very good!
Can't wait to go again :)
Hubby and I went to Vegas over the weekend and I wanted him to try this place.  Met with friends for lunch.  
Our table ordered:  Appetizer Sampler, Seafood Pan Fried Noodles, Combination Fried Rice, Steak in pepper sauce, and Lemon Chicken and EVERYTHING was deelish!!!
We got a bottle of the flavored sake the white peach and SO GOOD!
Came here with a large group of coworkers and
business contacts. Company was footing the bill
so no complaints about prices as I wasn't worrying
about that. LOL. Nice looking restaurant on the
first floor of the Palazzo right as you enter from
the walkway connecting to the Venetian. 
  We started off with a number of appetizers which
were all pretty standard I must say. The Tsingtao
was flowing so I wasn't too caught up in the quality
of the appetizers. I was with a pretty much white
bread crowd so we didn't order anything weird like 
the Jellyfish or Chicken feet but stuck to safe items 
like spring rolls, pot stickers, pork dumplings.
  For the main course, I ordered the Singapore style
curry rice vermicelli. This was actually pretty good -
definitely spicy to my liking and not watered down
spicy (safe for the Gwai Lo type) Chinese food. I
would come back here. Or rather, if there's another
company function like this at Vegas, I would recommend
this place. :) A number of my dinner companions ordered
clay pot items but none of them came in actual clay pots
but instead in some metal containers. Oh well... Forget it, 
Jake. It's Vegas not Chinatown!
Me and two friends in town visiting looking for place too eat after watching the basketball game. Thank U Yelp!. Better way too learn about the restaurants in the Palazzo. We ended up going with some Pho at Zin Noodles.

It was first time at Zin Noodles. Course I was going too have heart attack thinking going too pay $18-20 bowl of Pho. It the strip so expect too pay those kinds of prices. The pho had was spicy thai (so sorry not sure exact name but it thai spicy one/ Lol!). I really enjoyed! The broth was for me always the measurement of any Pho. I was tasty with body for flavor and could taste that thai or spicy kick too the broth. I normally put shiraca in my broth but with this one no need. I did put bean sprouts and thai basil tradition. Pho prefect dish after drinking helps settle the stomach.

We order couple appetizers pot stickers, pork su mai, and steam bun with pork. I loved all the appetizers! The pork su mai especially stood out for me. The filling was awesome. It had lot of depth of flavor besides the ground pork. It nice moist on the inside and steamed perfect on outside. I loved the steam containers dim sum style they served both the pork and steamed bun in! 

Overall kind of shocked it had three star rating feel like it deserves four star. It nothing that blow your mind food wise. Everything we had was good, had lot of flavors, and enjoyed every bit. If you have urge for Pho once the strip one place would recommend.
The food is good, but the portions are extremely small, especially for the price. The same food could be found a couple blocks away in Chinatown for a third of the price and twice the portion size.  We ordered soup for $10, thinking that it came in a large bowl typical of Chinese restaurants, but it turned out to be only a cup.  We also ordered duck for $16 thinking that it would be a dish enough for one person, but it turned out to be only a small plate the size of an appetizer with a few pieces of duck.  The only reason why this restaurant exists is because it is a novelty in the area.  In other words the food is decent, but the value is terrible.  Also, the service was mediocre.
Just a so-so dim sum eatery.  Small selections of what is actually dim sum  and even at happy hour prices not priced well at all.  Lots of other choices on the menu, but if you are going to call yourself a dim sum place have dim sun.  The Bao buns were miniature, shumai (?spelling) was on the cool side and a bit dry.  They didn't mess up the shrimp.  Clean and fairly efficient wait staff; only one spoke broken English making them seem standoffish.  Won't go back.
This is authentic Cantonese style dim sum!  Yes, there are only a few dim sum items (hence 4 instead of 5 stars), it's pricey, but it's on the strip and the food is that good.  We had the appetizer sampler, added haka (spelled wrong I know), the seafood chow mein and the prawns with honey glazed walnuts, for dessert we shared the mango pudding.  These were all dishes I'm very familiar with, having worked in the San Gabriel Valley forever my Chinese clients introduced me to these dishes many years ago, have had these dishes in too many restaurants to count LOL!  The chef knows what he's doing!  I'd like to return to try the other dishes I'm not as familiar with.
The usual Chinese in a casino. Overpriced, okay food.  The service is definitely better than most.  I will return, though, for the spicy vietnamese noodle soups. The broth was delicious.  Two choices, either oxtail and tendon (more fatty and gelatinous) or beef (they say filet on menu, but it is standard pho beef).  Appetizer sampler is a total ripoff.  I could buy the same from the local asian market and heat up in a microwave for the same results.
We ate there with a group of 4 and after reading some reviews on Yelp i tried the Baked Chilean Sea Bass which was really tender and lovely although a bit pricey at $30+ for chinese.  Probably the best thing of all our choices. We also had the beef chow fun  $16 which was good if you like lots of beanshoots (I do). Sweet and Sour pork, seafood fried rice and mongolian beef were good too. Prawn dumplings for entree was average. Service was efficient for an asian restaurant. Is it good for the price? I'm unsure.. But it was at the Venetian so just expect things to be above average in price
Was looking up a place inside the Venetian or Palazzo to grab dinner with people. We ended up at Zine, where the food is decent and the price is affordable.

I ordered the Shrimp and Pork Dumpling Noodle Soup. Overall, it wasn't a bad dish. The noodles, shrimp, and pork dumplings were all cooked well. I though the soup lacked in flavor though. If you prefer a simple, light dish, then this noodle soup is a good choice. The dish was around $15, which is a bit steep, but the portion size was pretty big.

Service wasn't bad. The entire staff was friendly, but I'm not sure if they were just being attentive since we were pretty much the only ones there.

I liked the decor of this place. It looks fancy but doesn't cost too much to eat here (considering it's Vegas).
Lovely place, great service an delicious food.
Pork dumplings were not very fresh or good. Spring rolls were mushy and not good either.  Shrimp tempura were undercooked as the batter was still raw inside. I just realized that it all tastes like crap off a cheap(bad) Chinese buffet. ( there are a few decent cheaper ones) Actually, I can point you to several buffets in Memphis TN that that have better food. "The food was one star but the atmosphere and service were good so I gave two stars". I wrote that at the restaurant but now that I think about it you really can't have good service if they are putting out food this bad.  I don't understand putting all the money in a nice space and then having way sub par food. Overpriced even at happy hour two for one.  Skip this place.
This restaurant kind of reminds me of those sporting events where one team sounds great on paper. We have an idea what should happen, statistically, but the game must still be played. Low and behold, the underdog wins while surprise and disappointment sets in for most of the crowd.

Well, that's this place. It sounds great on paper (menu), but reality says otherwise (dining experience).

For this particular trip, The Fam tried the following:
*braised eggplant and roasted duck
*king seafood vietnamese noodle soup
*thai ice tea (drink)
*tropical fantasy (drink)

The thai ice tea was *extremely* watered down, sad because it had hints of good flavor. It was already mixed, and that already chapped my hide (I like to mix it). The tropical fantasy was decent, but not very strong. The roasted duck was drenched in entirely too much sauce, which is sad because the duck meat and veggies were cooked well. The noodle soup had fresh tasting king crab, but the noodles were too long, making them difficult to grab and eat. Lots of noodle dropping and shirt staining occurred, further adding to my annoyed chapped hide. They should've been cut into smaller pieces. Let's not forget, this is Las Vegas, so the items are overpriced!

At this point in time, although the staff was very nice and attentive, my experience was ruined. All I could think and say was "check please".

Honestly, the meat and veggies are good (3-4 stars), but the entire package just didn't work well. Take your chances, just don't be surprised if your experience ends up like mine.
Beef chow fun was super delish! Was it worth the 16 bucks? Probably not, but it's Vegas!
We were there for a late lunch, so it was pretty quiet. 
The staff was attentive and very friendly. 
Nice little spot
We went to this place on 9/14/2012. We order one noodle (17.95) and steam rice with duck (17.95). After we paid with my card. Next day I check my card and they over charge us $8 more. We added tip so with tip the check came out to around $45 but I just check my account and its charge $52.  Watch out if your going to this place and check your card very carefully and keep your receipt. Serivce and sitting are very bad. There were like 5 table with customers so it was very empty. But they put us in the way back corner. At these prices we aren't just paying for the food but for service and what they did with the overcharge its scam. Watch out when you pay with your card, keep your receipt and check your account next day.

I would never go back. They lost us as customer.
Terrible service. Forgot orders, food was definitely not worth the price ( although it was in the casino ). Good thing work paid for this because I would've left a negative tip.
low quality and pretty expensive, dont go.
There are many places to get ripped off at in Vegas, but this one rips you off AND leaves you hungry and dissatisfied.  Their "clay pot" braised chicken in wine sauce sounded great, but it came out in a metal bowl and tasted exactly like Panda Express orange chicken. The bok choy in fish stock wasn't too bad, but the fish balls that came with it were gross. Go to Noodles in Bellagio instead...please.

Shame on you, Simon To.
This restaurant has to be one of the worst Asian restaurants anywhere. The food has no flavor and the restaurant has no ambience at all. I expect to spend more in Vegas but $25 for Kung Pao Chicken that with no taste at all is ridiculous. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Stay Away!
Pathetic, especially when the concierge says its "one of the top 10 Chinese restaurants in the nation".  

The food, even if at half the price, would be considered uninspiring.  The service was just as bad .. but at least it was expensive.  $100 for three bad meals.

Do not eat here, it's worse than bad, it's boring and expensive.  You can pay the same amount and eat at Nobu and have a much better experience.
Overly priced Chinese food. Service was high end which was way better than your typical hole in a wall Chinese restaurant. It's just the food was so mediocre even the hole in a wall places are much better. I mean really $17 for a bowl of pho? I don't think so. I will not come back for sure.
Spicy pho with ox tail and tendon. 
The broth is gorgeous. 
The oxtail/tendon spot on
Noodles over done :(

Being picky? For a $20 bowl of pho, absolutely.
Ya, just ok.  I expected better.  food was limited in choices, but tasted good.  Wouldn't recommend it if you want a "Vegas" experience, pretty bland.
Horrible!!! Worst dim sum and noodles ever!!! The chef has no passion. This place needs to be on restaurant impossible
Braised Eggplant with Roasted Duck & Mongolian Beef were both superb dinner entrees. I give it 3 stars for pricing. You can receive similar quality food down the street in Chinatown or at PF Chang's for 1/2 the price. However, if you're staying at Palazzo - it's so convenient to just dine here and the service is very prompt and the environment is super clean and modern.
Worst restaurant I've been to in Vegas.  The service was horrible - waiter never bothered to check in on us until 90 minutes into the meal, when he asked if we wanted anything else.  At that point we reminded him that we never got a number of the dished we ordered (which we promptly cancelled).
The food was sub par as well. I've had better dim sum from frozen Trader Joes than what they served here.
And they stuck us with a mandatory tip for having a party of 5. Absolutely  nothing positive about the experience.
I've been to this restaurant about three times. I enjoy eclectic food, but the food here is just plain weird. Las Vegas has so many incredible restaurants that I wonder how this one stays in business. Oh, and it wasn't busy when we went there rather than waiting in an impossibly long line at another restaurant on the same property.
Zion Noodle Dim Sum

Well I will tell you this place is pricey, and the food is horrible. Worst Dim Sum I ever had.  I'm not sure if I can even call that Dim Sum. When you first walk in the restaurant dcor is beautiful. Very fancy, Customer service is ok. I went there with my boyfriend we order a Pho and a few dim sum plates. The Pho was so plain, no flavor at all. The few Dim Sum Dishes we order they taste frozen. It felt like the chef wasn't even trying, made me wonder if they ever heard of "salt and pepper" before? Once we got the bill, I was so shock we had to pay that much for frozen and taste less meal ever. I would not expect a restaurant like this to be at the Palazzo.  I will give this restaurant 0 start for the food and 1 for dcor.  I will never ever eat there again. I wouldn't advice any one to eat there either .
Came here for dim sum. It was really good! Pricier than usual, but hello, it's Vegas ;-) I would definitely return.
Service was excellent. I only got the walnut shrimp and brown rice and started with the hot and sour soup. Very tasty. Green tea was so soothing. Would go again.
Since I come here fairly often, I figured a running list of dishes would be the most help I can give. This place is consistent with food, but I understand the price has really scared off people. That's the thing with Chinese food is that often times even if it's cooked well done, we have a mentality it is "cheap food" and again, this is a expensive casino and is a nice dining place and it's not like their prices aren't posted on online menus. Some dishes are not worth getting at the price they need to charge to be inside a expensive casino property but some are fantastic. If the basics or Americanized favorites are what you want or you are rather frugal of a traveler then do yourself a favor and go up Spring Mtn for half the price. Otherwise, if you like a nice ambiance and nice quality over thrift then read on. 

I guess this review is gonna be the most useful for tourists than locals. Granted I get special hookups of sorts now which makes it more affordable for me but even so I would pay for my favorite sea bass fish dish at full price. 

One way to get savings is they actually have a Happy Hour! It's half off all the appetizers (you can see menu online)  and beers! It's 3pm-6pm Mon-Fri, and 10pm-1am Sun- Thurs. They also do lunch specials Mon-Fri until 3pm for $15 which is a soup, entree, and mochi ice cream. 

Best dish - baked Chilean Sea Bass. It's a rather good portion for the $32 that is shareable, 2-3 filets of fish. It's baked in a sweetish glaze and on a bed of zucchini, tofu, whole roasted garlic, mushrooms in a light sweet and tangy sauce. Its one of my favorite fish dishes ever.

Best surprise- the pho. It actually is some of the best pho I've had as the ingredients are top notch fresh but the broth balance is lovely. It is double the price, but if you're going to pick having pho here or at that place in TI and don't want to go up to Spring Mtn to get off strip prices, just come here instead as this one is rather good. 

Other stuff I've tried: 

Crispy pan fried noodles - Had it with various toppings but my favorite was the seafood one. Really good, fresh and plentiful with seafood. Other meats are good too, but it's standard. 

E-fu w/ crab - one of my favorites. E-fu is a soft braised noodle and is every bit my comfort food Chinese dish. I loved e-fu as a child and still do. The crab in this is fresh and the portion is hard to finish. I order this very often.

Rice vermicelli noodle with shredded duck and pickled cabbage - I like this as well, better if you ask for some hot mustard to mix into as it adds the right amount of omph to it. It is a subtle dish and normally not a fan of vermicelli (except pho) but I love the sauce that is in this and the combo of pickled cabbage in it. This is also something we order a lot. 

Curry Crab- really messy, but a awesome tangy and fragrant curry. It probably takes away from the dish a bit to do the curry on the side, but seriously was hard to crack shells covered in sauce no matter how delicious it was. 

Seared Scallop with Schzuan Pepper Sauce- the sauce is good and they do give you plentiful big scallops but they were cut in half thinner and well cooked which I don't prefer so I haven't ordered again. I may ask whole piece and not well done. 

Shredded Pork and Thousand Year Congee- pretty good congee. I know thats a very plain and subtle thing, but a sign is it didn't really need soy in it. It was well seasoned on its own. 

Yang Chow Fried Rice - it's bb pork and shrimp fried rice. Pretty good and flavorful, no need for any seasoning, except I do love hot sauce on my rice. 

Cha Gio- they were decent viet style egg rolls, but not my favorite. Also I was missing the plentiful herbs, It just came with lettuce and nuoc nam. 

Macau style pork belly- the portion isn't very huge, but it's perfectly cooked. Crispy skin, melty fat and juicy meat. 

Spicy Chili Wonton - nice fresh made wontons in spicy oil and sauce. Pretty good as far as dim sum go. 
Spring Onion Pancake- theirs is good, crisp and comes piping hot fresh. 
Black bean sauce pork ribs - one of my favorite dimsum and theirs here is really tender. 
Shrimp har gao- good, but standard. Same goes for the Shumai. 

Red bean pastry with vanilla ice cream - it's basically like spring onion pancakes except with red bean instead. A pretty good dessert with a bit of vanilla and chocolate sauce. 

Service here has never been bad, it's always in a acceptable range of good to really good depending on who we get. There's a few people we prefer having, that has been here a while and are ninja intuitive with diners needs. 

I'll keep adding to this list as I dine here.
Very disappointing. I had the Singapore Style Chili Crab at market price of $68. It was not remotely like the Chili Crab that is common fare in Singapore. Actually it was an insult to call it Singapore style. First it was extremely sweet to cater to the uninitiated American palate. The crab was okay but the sauce was TERRIBLE. I pointed this out to the wait staff only to receive a disinterested shrug. Well you cannot win 'em all. The hot and sour soup was equally sub par. $115 later I was not only disappointed but pissed off. If you are looking for real Chinese fare, stay away.
Two stars for outrageous price, 3 stars for quality of food.

If you have had real and inexpensive Chinese food, it will be very hard for you to justify a meal here. We came here only because 1) it was open late; 2) we needed soup for sick fianc.

Didn't order any dim sum because at $6+ for 4 hor gao, it seemed like highway robbery. I had the Mabo tofu--tasted just like the packaged kind I buy for $2. This was $15, plus $3 for steamed rice. Fianc got noodle soup--nothing we haven't had before that was not only cheaper but better.

Maybe if you are into PF Changs kind of Chinese food you should try this place. $50 for two people is cray cray. That would feed 4 people easily at a real Chinese restaurant! I realize this is Vegas and everything is expensive but for some reason, I have a harder time justifying paying this much for Chinese food because it is usually so cheap.
Prices are ridiculous and the food is mediocre.

Save your duckets ($$$$) for China Town where you can get 2-3 dishes for the price of one dish here and have the flavor smack you and your fellow diners.
Definitely would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The food is overly priced, food is not that good, and the service is slow at best. I do not know why anyone would want to come to this restaurant often or how they could afford it. It is not even really a Dim Sum restaurant, more of an eclectic group of Asian foods. 

The restaurant is located right next to the casino area in the Palazzo. The decor is nice, menu seems nice, but then that is about it. I would recommend anyone wanting Dim Sum to go else where.  There are a few great places located off strip if you are adventurous. Either way, don't go here.
very expensive mediocre chinese food. also...not sure where the dim sum fits in. was that even an option on the menu? please read all of the other 1-2 star reviews on here before throwing your money away at this place. you can get much better food + wait staff elsewhere.
I thought the menu was looking pricey but the girl out front gave me a $30 gift card off a $60 dinner. The hot and sour soup was just right. Chicken feet dim sum a win and the watermelon juice drink was pure watermelon! Refreshing! The bill totaled $120 and the girl gave me another coupon! $60 yummy and fed the family! I'm a fan!
Apparently I don't learn my own lesson and ordered the lychee drink again,  I'm just  a sucker for these drinks.

Dish wise:
Scallops + no texture
Beef chow fun ++ of the dishes pretty good
Kung pao chicken - aside from spice, not much taste
Shrimp fried rice - plain
Bbq pork - dry
My go-to lunch spot!

I ABSOLUTELY love their beef noodle soup! Huge portion, right amount of spice, and ALOT of meat & tendon.. I can eat this everyday here, it's the best in town in my opinion.

I also like their:
-Chicken feet: extra tender
-Soup Dumpling: decent, not enough soup
-Thousand year egg porridge
-Wonton noodle soup: typical
-Hainan Chicken
-Hot and Sour Soup
ok...we have family in town staying at the Palazzo so of course a meal at Zine was a gimme. though pricey...the food was delicious! started out with the wor wonton soup then came honey glazed walnut shrimp, pepper crusted beef tenderloin, fried rice w/shrimp & pork and sweet & sour pork...the portions were perfect...there was no take home tonight...it was all good. the place had a decent crowd for a saturday nite but we were a party of 5 without reservations and were seated within 5 minutes. 

highly recommend!
**Summary**
       - Ambiance - This is a fancy Chinese restaurant. Plain and simple.
       - Value - You're not really getting value from this place. All the dishes are about twice as expensive as your normal Chinese restaurant with only a little better quality. You're pretty much paying to eat at the Palazzo.
**Ordered**
       - $10.50 Chilled Jelly Fish - Your standard Jelly Fish appetizer. Portion and quality wise, it's standard (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=ag2_JZA1cw80fMH4y1jGSQ#ag2_JZA1cw80fMH4y1jGSQ).
       - $19.80 Ma Po Tofu - A decent amount of Tofu with bits of ground meat to keep it filling. It goes great over rice.
       - $32.00 BBQ Combo - You get 3 choices and we got the duck, pork, and cold chicken. Everything seemed a little higher quality than you'd get at a normal Chinese restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=6HIB5tmvQ-dpQfprj4v2Tg#6HIB5tmvQ-dpQfprj4v2Tg).
       - $18.80 Fu Chow Fried Rice - If I ever come back, it's because of this dish. The concoction of seafood, creamy sauce, and egg over the fried rice is probably one of the best things I've ever tasted. This is a must try (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=IGBA0jtvRQh4RUAdy3nGKA#IGBA0jtvRQh4RUAdy3nGKA)
       - $6.80 Mango Pudding - The dessert was sweet, but not too sweet. They pour this sweet milk over the pudding. It's a very lite and delicious dessert (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=48iUdH1NvIDOHxjYjFRgwg#48iUdH1NvIDOHxjYjFRgwg).
**Recommendations**
       - I wouldn't really recommend this place when I know you can get the same food for half the price.
Place is terrible
We had dinner there tonight. It is extremely quiet for a casino restaurant . The service was very great. I had the appetizer sampler plate and my husband, Mike had the stir fried with shrimp and crispy garlic. He had cold tea and I had hot tea. Clean environment. Fantastic, clean-tasting, crisp food, not oily and overly salty.

Definitely recommend!
We were looking for a place that wouldn't gauge our pocket books. You pay for way more then you get in vegas. So we found zine, which was a little high priced, but we all got pho and it was really, really good. The servings were filling as well. Our water Phillip was really great and the ambiance was nice and relaxing
Not very pleased with our experience. Duck tasted good, but delivery was poor. We received the duck and 5 minutes later we received our rice. Would not recommend or come to this location again.
This is a fusion Asian restaurant!!!  They offer Vietnamese, Hong Kong, and Chinese food.  The price is higher than any normal Chinese restaurant but be smart and come during happy hours or use local discounts which is 25% off.  Also try to see if the casino offer discounts. 
I highly recommend their signature dish Sate Pho with Ox tail.  If you don't like Ox tail you can request filet mignon.  We are local so the price doesn't matter for us much. 
Beautiful Ambience and the noise level are comfortable.
Very upscale Asian fusion place.  Food is very tasty but the serving sizes are small for the price.  Customer Service was very good and prompt at lunch. 

We had the sea bass and lamb chops which were excellent!
 But like all the food in Vegas it's expensive.  We were talking to an older couple at the next table and they were telling us about the old days when the mob ran Vegas and you could get great meals at the Sands really cheap.  (The Sands hotel used to be where the Venetian and Palazzo stand today.) Now that the casinos don't subsidize the restaurants, food in Vegas is way over priced.

Any way to complete this review, this is a 4 star place.  They lose a star on value.
I have been 75% around the world, the food here is nothing compare to real Chinese food. The only thing worth eating here is really the soupy items. Dim sum and all are a waste of time. Service is not great but when you have 2 tired kids this will suffice.
I hate using the 'Race' card. And most all my friends would know I hardly ever use it.. Close to never... 
However.....I'm going to use it here at this place tonight.  My money is as good as anyone's money.. I wanted to enjoy a dinner experience with my parents.. 
Just because we're Asian... At a 'Fancy' Asian restaurant, we were treated like 'Asians'.. Meaning 'No respect'.. 
When the food arrived, they handed my food 'Across' my mom's face to give to me...the whole time eating.. NOBODY came by to ask how we're doing..
The table beside us, a 'White' family... When their food arrived, they were placed in front of each diner... Without reaching across another person's face...
And had SEVERAL servers came by to ask 'How was your food, how are you doing, everything ok??'
I had to flag down a waiter/waitress to refill my iced tea.. 
It's so sad these people are so ignorant to treat other Asians like this...
And it's too bad they are like that, cause I actually enjoyed the food. It was a bit pricey, but the quality was there. 
I would recommend everyone to come here if I had a better 'Service' experience. 
So if you're white... You'll enjoy this place. If you're Asian... Don't expect service.
Love the beef chow fun and dim sum! but do not get the sampler!
This is a gluten free review...
We ordered the shrimp fried rice and the chicken w vegetables. 
The rice really had nothing to it. The chicken dish was basically steamed and seasoned with salt. 
The problem...there's a gluten free menu, so you figure it would be good, not the case. 
NOTE: they brought over gluten free soy, but I don't believe it was. They wouldn't bring out the bottle, well because it doesn't exist. The gluten free soy is supposedly in a separate container, marked gluten free. 
$20 for fried rice is a bit pricey
Drinks were good.
The shrimp and pork noodle soup didnt have much taste.  Had better chinese food in hawaii.  The pork shrimp dim sum was delicious
Great food and atmosphere. Will definitely recommend to all. Had pan fried lamb chops and pear sake. Thanks for a great experience.
Actual rating 3.5 stars.

This was the second of three lunch dates that the No1DP and I had over the course of our last Vegas stay. 

Zine Noodles Dim Sum is located inside the Palazzo casino floor. This was rather convenient as we didn't have to get out of the Venetian/Palazzo hotel complex, but as with all Palazzo restaurants a bit of a walk to get to from Sands Expo, the site of many a convention. It also didn't help he only had a little more than an hour for lunch.

Service was really slow that day, even if only half the restaurant was full. It took 30 minutes from when the orders were placed to the appetizer being served. No1DP was a little late to his next class because of this.

Appetizer: Steamed Shrimp Har Gow. $6.95 gets you 4 pieces. The har gow was relatively big compared to other dim sum places and the wrapping was not too thick. The har gow was even better when I dipped it in the chili sauce.

Mains - When the main dishes came we were rather surprised how big our dishes were. Each dish could feed at least 2 people. This was my first meal of the day (dunno how much No1DP ate beforehand) but the No1DP and I were only able to finish half our dishes. Note to self: next time get extra plates for sharing because it seems like these dishes were made to be served a la carte and not in individual portions. 

No1DP had the braised E-Fu noodle with crab meat ($18.80). E-fu noodles are used in Cantonese yee mein. In normal preparation these egg noodles are deep fried. These noodles are often eaten on birthdays as the long noodle represents long life. They are normally chewy and eaten with mushrooms. The noodles themselves were chewy and absorbed some of the flavor from the mushrooms but a tad dry and plain. Real crab pieces were used in this dish.

I had the satay oxtail and tendon noodle soup ($19.95). Broth was DELICIOUS. I could taste the peanut in the broth and the soup reminded me of a mix between a panang curry and kare kare (just put bagoong in the meat!). There was a bit more fat in the oxtail but the meat fell off the bone. My only complaint was that the chopsticks were a bit thick and I had a slightly hard time picking off meat from the oxtail.

Should I come back here next time I'll definitely get an appetizer and a dish to share with another person to cut costs or stick to dim sum. Although the dishes here were decent the restaurant's prices reflect typical Vegas pricing for casual restaurants, which isn't cheap by anyone's standards. If that's the case find a dish that you can't find in your hometown or if you're going to spend that amount of money anyway on a restaurant find one that offers a more unique experience.
I haven't written a review in a long time but I was compelled to write one after my experience here because we are a family who grew up on Chinese food, noodles and dim sum. This place being a noodle and dim sum spot, really disappointed us. Portions are really small for the price you pay. Flavors can really use some salt or something. The restaurant is nice but you still get that loud Asian hacking phlegm people around you... Our dim sum stayed out for too long. The har gow was stuck to the bottom paper and it was cold. The service was slow. We had finished eating before they brought out our dim sum. I bet if you get the expensive dishes (lobster, seabass etc.), you may be more satisfied. But to come here for regular Chinese food, don't expect too much.
yes it's in a casino, and yes it's ridiculously overpriced. but even if they had normal chinatown pricing, i wouldn't bother coming back here. with strip chinese joints, you're paying primarily for the location, but it's usually also about the food quality, presentation, and service. unfortunately, that's not the case at Zine - here, all you're paying for is location.

i've been here a handful of times, mostly just for the noodle soups. which were ok. today was my first time having their entrees, and i wasn't impressed with anything we had. it was probably the worst bbq duck and pork i've ever had - tasteless, gristly, just yuck.... 

as others have mentioned, serving size is smaller than most places - maybe 3/4 of the portion you would normally get. factor that in if you're doing family style, and just fyi this is what you get for $600 at Zine (seriously):

12 veggie spring rolls, 4x beef chow fun, 4x fried rice, 4x bbq combo, 3x steamed veg, 2x kung pao chicken, 3x lemon chicken, 3x honey walnut shrimp. bbq combo is $30 for awful bbq - 1/4 duck, 1/4 chicken and maybe 1/4lb bbq pork. $25 for an order of lemon chicken, which is literally 1 piece of chicken katsu w/ some lemon sauce. 

even if you gamble here and can get a comp - take your casino cash and get your moneys worth somewhere else at palazzo. there are so many other worthwhile overpriced places to choose from.
WHERE DO I BEGIN?!?!?

I ordered SWEET iced tea, the waiter brought me HOT tea. I told him that wasn't what i ordered, he gave me an attitude and say "I'll just go get you some ice". Now, money isn't a problem because we ate at pinot and the bill was $200 no problem BUT $20 for bowl of PHO? really?! 

My boyfriend ordered a dish, the waiter asked if he wanted rice and my boyfriend replied "does it come with it?" HE LAUGHED and walked off like we couldn't afford rice. Every dish and drink we ordered the slammed it down on the table and walked off. Some other waiter had to fill our drinks. That waiter was so much nicer, we wanted to go ask the manager if replace him with our waiter.

By far, this is the worst restaurant that i've been to. Portions are kids size, this isn't a french restaurant. To add to that, later that night we walked by the restaurant, the same waiter was staring at us like he wanted to eat our livers. Crazy man.. I tell ya
The food was ok, but service was bad. We ordered a chai tea, and the tea was spilled all over the cup holder. I would not come here again.
Wildly overpriced, mediocre Chinese food. And it's not a DIm Sum place where they bring carts around. All they mean is they have appetizers. The Har Gow were rubbery. The seafood Lo Mein was $25! WTF? The shrimp were medium sized and the scallops were thin jumbos, but nothing special for that price. The taste was bland. And the food was generally average with prices 2-3 times what they should be. Take a cab somewhere else and you'll save a lot of money and get better food.
I had the opportunity to try Zine one day with a group of people and we decided to order a variety of options and share family-style. 

We tried the appetizer sampler, the variety plate with pork, chicken and pork, vegetable fried rice, honey walnut shrimp and Mongolian beef. Everything was pretty good. I would definitely recommend skipping the appetizer. Not a lot of substance for the price. The duck was my favorite of all our dishes. The portions weren't huge for the price, but it is on the strip, so it's understandable. 

The rest of the menu looked solid and I'm interested in trying their noodle soups and other items. Service was friendly. Not attentive, though.

They have a number of lunch specials that I look forward to trying as well.
Went here for breakfast on 3/8.  Was feeling like some asian soup/pho.  This was my first time.  We usually go to Pho Kim Long.  The place was pretty empty at 11:30am.  Guess people were not up yet.  
Ambience:  Nice decor, kind of a modern asian theme.  I would say more on the casual dining side then fine dining.  Pretty quiet at 11:30am
Service:  There were a lot of servers (ratio was probably 2:1 servers to customers) so there was never a problem to get anything.  Food came out at a decent pace.  Check came out fast when requested.
Food:  I had the beef congee (porridge) and I thought it was good.  It was very simple and I added a touch of soy sauce to it.  The beef were small chunks but soft and delicate.  I would definitely get the dish again.  My friend thought the pho was ok (filet). I ordered the appetizer sampler (2 potstickers, 2 egg rolls, 2 shrimp tempura, 2 pork dumpling).  Each item came with its own recommended dipping sauce.  The dumpling and potstickers were both very good.  I also had the Vietnamese ice coffee.  You can't really go wrong with that.  
Value:  I must warn you that this place is pretty darn pricey.  The appetizers were over $17 for literally 8 pieces.  The pho was over $16.  I guess its a Palazzo thing...

If I was staying there...and craving asian cuisine...and was up a ton..I would go there again.  Otherwise, make the trek to Pho Kim Long
I am always on the hunt for great Kung Pao Chicken.  When I was staying at the Venetian, I thought I would try it at Zine.  The Hot and Sour Soup I ordered was very good, but the Kung Pao Chicken ($24) was no more memorable than what I can get at Panda Express.  The dish has red/green bell peppers and water chestnuts(?) as fillers, which are my personal markers of a cheap dish.  I expect fillers in a $5.00 Panda Express portion, but not a $24.00 meal.
Ive been to Zine twice now and it was two times to many. The serviced is good and its a great looking place, but thats were the compliments stop. The food is just average and you can get the same quality in any major city for a third of the price. All of that would have been ok with me if not for the ambience, because this place has none. There is no music what soever and you can totally here everyones conversation from across the entire restaurant. I went with a group of six on a friday at 8pm and you would of thought that there was some sort of seniors only early bird special going on. When I go to a supposedly cool asian restaurant in vegas on a friday night, it better be lively. I walked in and instantly felt awkward because of the dead silence in this place. This place needs to be run by somebody else or close shop and make it something different
Came here for some over priced dim sum, but it was really good.

Will probably not come back here since it was expensive.

Worth trying.
Predicting this place won't be around long. Boring as hell. No music. Waiters don't talk. They have no emotion nor personality. Very poor quality and small portion for the price. Rip off. Don't eat here. Not worth trying even with a coupon.
I work in Barneys here so I come here for lunch about once a week. The food is great. The servers are wonderful and on top of things. I definitely recommend.
It's fine. Nothing a decent Chinese restaurant in your home town can't do. Had the spicy cucumber appetizer - moldy spicy, well marinated, tasty. Shrimp Har gow - pretty tough shrimp center but otherwise fine. Shanghai rice cake - disks of rice noodle with pork and greens were again fine but nothing special. Good place to go when you have ago near food craving but not a destination restaurant.
Don't come here....over priced. Jerks charged gratuity on my card even though I gave cash tip and wrote zero on receipt. Be warned these people are crooks. Go somewhere else for asian food.
Modern casual asian dining where the food actually tastes authentic. This place has nice decor and ambience. We came here on a Saturday at 11:30 a.m. after a night of partying and noodle soup was a must. The place was pretty empty so we were seated right away. We ordered wonton noodle soup, pho tai (comes with filet mignon), and shanghai curry noodles. The broths for the wonton noodle soup and pho were light and seasoned just right. Both dishes also came with a ton of noodles. The shanghai curry noodles were my favorite. You could smell the freshness of the curry and the noodle was not too oily. Service was also on point.

For not wanting to drive off the strip for noodles, this place was great. The only downside are the prices. $18 for pho??? Way overpriced.
The food was truly sub par. Everything we ordered was bland and boring. Everything was served lukewarm. It was  almost as if they ordered food from some dive Chinese restaurant and just microwaved it before serving. I would rather eat at Panda Express than here.
This is not really a Dim Sum place. The appetizers are the only dim sum items and there are maybe 10 to choose from. The remaining items are large family style dishes. They are pretty good but definitely over priced. For two of us with appetizers and entrees it was $150 with tip. Honestly I did not feel that the food was much better than PF Changs or other similar chain restaurant.  However, the service was excellent and our waiter was friendly, helpful and quick.
Don't know where I should start. Grand opening was on September 17th, 2010. We went to try this new Dim Sum place at the Mekong Plaza as they heavily advertised in the chinese newspapers and were advertising 30% off.

When I got there, the biggest eyesore is that they tried to make their portion of the Food Court as a regular "Chinese" restaurant. So imagine the picture of chandeliers hanging in the middle of a food court in the mall. It just looks too tacky, I thought they should've went with a more fast food type Dim sum like they have in San Gabriel, California.

Upon checking in with the hostess, they don't even issue numbers, they only call you by name. So that was already pretty different from how usual chinese restaurant run things. Totally not efficient at all.

Once we finally got a seat, things got worse.

Our "Har Gow"/Shrimp dumpling was raw! The skin was thick and clumpy, the shrimp was severely undercooked. We asked them to exchange for another one, and it was still raw. We also had to exchange the shrimp egg roll as it was also raw. Their excuse was that they were too busy and did not have time to fully cook the food. Ok.....so how are the other 100s of asian restaurants able to serve dim sum at a fast pace with fully cooked food? That was probably the lamest excuse.

The trademark "beef internal organs" that I always love to order was pathetic. They charged the large price for a tiny little bowl, there were only a few tendons and mostly filled with Daikon. 

The BBQ Pork bun, another staple of Dim sum, was not that great either. There was barely any char siu in the bun, and the exterior of the bun was not fully cooked.

I understand that it is their first operating weekend, but the idea of a nice chinese dimsum place at a food court just doesn't fly in my opinion. They even offer wedding banquets here too. 

I don't think I'll be returning here unless they really upgrade the quality of the food. The idea is definitely novel, but will be a hard sell.
Growing up in California, my family has spoiled me with only the best of Chinese food. I am a little reluctant to search for a good Chinese food restaurant here in Arizona, but I couldn't resist the 30% grand opening deal on dishes I haven't had in a while and crave.

Since it was opening week, the place was packed full and service was in disarray.  The decor was interesting....it was an attempt to turn an open food court into a fancy Chinese restaurant - chandeliers and all. Tacky, but honestly, I think it's amusing and gives it character. However, the location is very loud because it is after all an open food court. The table arrangements are also a little bit too crowded and I found myself almost back to back with the table next to me.

Food was decent and good price with the 30% off. I had the cold salt and garlic chicken, squid with black bean sauce, and the seafood tofu hot pot.  The hot pot was a little bland. It was nice to see them use fresh chicken, rather than packaged. Overall, it tasted decent. Nothing stood out, and nothing was terrible. It was nice to have a little taste of what I miss back in California, but I probably won't be returning here.
Please don't confuse "Mekong Plaza" with "Mekong Palace".
"Mekong Plaza" is one of the finest Oriental shopping center In Mesa (my opinion).
"Mekong Palace" is a newly open Chinese Dim Sum diner (restaurant?) at the north end of the Plaza (basically a Food Court).
I happen to be shopping at the "Mekong Plaza grocery store". I was excited to try out this new restaurant. (I wish I had read the review before - but I didn't - unfortunately). 
One of my favorite Chinese foods is "Dim Sum". Being it's newly open; I figure they would have some pretty good food.  Exactly the opposite! 

I wish I can say something nice; let me see; well the Tea was pretty good; and the ice water was pretty good. The waitress is pretty, beyond that, I can't think of anything now.
All I have to say is Hell I better move to California. Looking at the previous posters talking about how poor this restaurant is and how great the food is in California then I must really be missing out .  I have not dined at many California Asian food places, but I have chowed down at a lot of places in Arizona.  I got to say for me this place is awesome. 

The Food court issue:
Yes  the restaurant  is at the end of the food court.  So what; it's partitioned off except during special events when they open up the whole area as the restaurant. They have a stage area set up so they can have presentations or bands. This is a very smart Idea in this economy. It is maximum use of space. 

The Food:
Seafood so fresh you see it swimming in the tank and can pick the lobster, crab, catfish, ect. ect. Lobster for 9.95, come on, that's fantastic. The sweet and sour ship is excellent. Wanton Soup Excellent. Chicken and Snow pea's outstanding.  Hot Jasmine Tea FanFrickenTastic!!! However, egg roles were a little weak and they did not fold our Mushu Pork for us. 

The wait staff:
English is hit or miss. Most seem very attentive, our water and tea were refilled often.  We did have to ask for forks as I do not like plastic chopsticks. They do not bring all the dishes at once.  Entrees are served as they are finished in the kitchen. 

All in all the food quality is excellent. The wait staff is fast and friendly. The decor is very nice. So I say try it, for the money it is well worth it.
So the setup is interesting.. since it is the same owner, Canton BBQ and Asian Noodle Kitchen in the food court as well as Mekong Palace all share the same kitchen and more or less the same menu (AND they own Chicken Noodle House around the corner).  So if you were really feeling like a cheapskate or want to avoid crap service, you could just order your dim sum to go and get your BBQ and noodle dishes at the food court side.

Dim sum is served all week, though you might have to order most items off the picture menu during the weekdays.  Food was decent, but seriously dirty teapots at the spouts at several tables I looked at... c'mon, take 3 seconds to scrub off the wall of brown crud that surely built up over several servings... that's how long it took us.
I see a lot of complains abt their dim sum.  I think its cause of their opening hype and a new crew being unable to keep up with the opening day crowd ?

Nonethless, I am giving this place a 4 star for the food, not dim sum cause I have not tried it.  I have eaten inside the restaurant area and outside in the food court area.  Decent selection.  Good food.  Especially of note is their roast and bbq items, like bbq pork and roast pork.  Both are excellent and done right.  Trust me, if you go to Best HK or buy them from Lee Lee, they will give u fatty bbq pork sliced very roughly in huge chunk.  Its not the way that should be served as the taste of a giant chunk of pork is a little overpowering especially if you have the bbq sauce flavor.

My buddy who came to visit from Colorado loves their roast duck so much, he went there on the last 3 days of his visit.  His main complain was why I did not bring him there earlier in the week ?

So U know, come here expecting seafood well prepared ,wok dishes cantonese style, cantonese/hk style bbq and U will have a good meal.  I cannot vouch for their orange chicken or mongolian beef but if U want asian american food, there should be a good offering inside the mekong supermarket at the food court.  Inside the mekong supermarket yes.  This one is at the Mekong complex main food court.  don't go to the wrong place okay !
This place is pretty fantastic on the value based scale. They are cooking up some HK style delights that rival local California chinese restaurants. They even have the crappy service down to a T. Actually the service wasn't that bad, they did give us new plates during the meal, which is kind of a classy move.

The highlights included the lobster in ginger and scallions, peking duck, oysters in black bean sauce steamed on the half shell, and that fatty pork hot pot (the menu said "Pork Hock in red bean sauce" or something). The pork was stupendous, it literally melted in the mouth, the fat part that is. 

Prices were very reasonable. We ran a tab of about $18 a person out the door with tax and tip, and we ordered the gourmet stuff, not the regular stuff.

The mall is nicely decked out with sumptuous tile floors, and it's kinda  a novelty to dine on upscale chine food inside a strip mall (the restaurant has no walls, just partitions to separate u from the mall).

The hood is a bit rough, so make sure you are taking advantage of the new concealed carry law, and pack some heat in the small of your back. Actually, a shoulder holster might be better, cuz your pants will get very tight after the huge meal.

Your Kong or Me Kong? MEKONG!
i think the restaurant is pretty and the chandeliers are pretty too! i think other reviews are definitely a bit harsh, considering they just opened and they probably need to get their act together a little more. but over all it is the nicest Chinese restaurant in Arizona period. every other place is dirty and tacky. at least i feel clean in the place. the food was decent in the beginning but they're getting better and better. I'm pretty sure in a few months time the food is gonna be as bomb as the Chinese food in California. i am also giving 5 stars to make up for the unfair ratings of previous people. you honestly can't find better Chinese food in Arizona. so kudos to Mekong palace! also the pricing is very good!
Yipeee!!! Very good Chinese food in Mesa. Now my hubby and don't have to drive to Phx to have good dim sum! Fast and friendly service!
i'm not a fan of their chicken feet, which is rather flavorless, and the cartilage isn't cooked to fall off the bone. the way it's cooked here almost triggered a bit of a gag reflex. i prefer the ones served at china buffet king. and their pricing for dimsum is all over the place...$5 for gai lan?
I've been to a few other places for dim sum, so my opinion is somewhat biased.  For the record, I'm also your standard adventure-seeking gringo, inspired by Andrew Zimmern.

So, the wife and I decided to check out Mekong for their dim sum brunch.  Now, the prices are extremely fair.  There are 4 pricing categories for their dim sum, A, B, C, and D.  All choices A through C are priced at $2.18, while D is priced at $4.95.  Sodas are sold by the can, so we chose to have one can each of cola and we shared a pot of tea.

We're not picky, but we chose not to indulge on the lovely assortments of "bun"-type dishes that were presented to us.  Instead, we focused our attention and appetite on the pork, chicken, and seafood offerings.  And boy, we were not disappointed with the food!  Some of our treats included shrimp shumai, chicken and shrimp crispy spring rolls, pork spare ribs with black bean sauce (basically just a serving of pork fat with some bone in it, but incredibly tasty), taro cakes, sharkfin dumplings, and several others.

The servers were attentive, wheeling their cars around to every occupied table in the establishment.  Well, all the servers except for one.  I couldn't help but notice that one server seemed to avoid our table.  At first, I thought it was my imagination.  But then my wife noticed.  In fact, I watched her as she pushed her cart past us while making an effort to look in the opposite direction!  Of course, her cart had the items we were most interested in, so we were quite disappointed by her.  Were it not for that one server, we'd be giving our experience here 5 stars.

I purposely struck up a conversation with one of the other servers, a very pleasant young man, who was managing a cart that had the words "beef organs" on the side.  I asked him what he was offering, and when he described it to me, I could not conceal my interest.  He joked with us that he didn't think we'd be interested in his dish.  Well, he was half right....my wife didn't want anything to do with it!  That plate was very interesting.  It consisted of various organ meats, including tripe and liver that I could identify, and several others I could not.  All of the meats were very soft and tender, which is unusual for organ meats.  My wife even tried some (what a trooper).  We should all be glad I'm the one writing this review :)

Another of the dishes we tried was a flat noodle with shrimp.  Slippery devils, these were!  I was having such a hard time picking these up with chopsticks that one of the other wait staff was attentive enough to offer us forks.  He did it so politely that we joked with him to feign our offense, but we were actually quite thankful. The place settings do not include forks (an indication of their cultural authenticity, perhaps?)

Oh, be thankful that there is a menu with pictures of each offering.  Most of the servers do not speak fluent English.  But when you ask them what they are serving, they can point to the picture and you can read it yourself!

Overall, a fun experience.  Plenty of food, at bargain prices.  And before you leave, be sure to take a stroll through Mekong Plaza (the grocery store next door) and take in all the exotic tasties they have to offer.  It's not Lee Lee Market in its size or variety, but then it's also not as overwhelming.
Can you say Chaaayyp dim-sum in one sentence?  I suspect that this is lost leader pricing ($2.18) per dish.  Like all the start-up competitors to grace the east valley, they lure you in with outrageously low prices.  You get used to not looking at your bill and they all of a sudden raise the price, tack on a surcharge for tea or what not and you only notice it when you either give them your credit card or when you get home.

Crossing my fingers that this is not the case.  Or just enjoy the chaaayp ride when you can I suppose.  I wouldn't say that this is the BEST dim sum I've ever had but it's not the worse either.  Everything seems to be up to par except the chicken feet and cheng-fun (don't know the english equivalent, sorry).  I guess I prefer my chicken feet and cheng-fun to be on the softer side.  Perhaps they could steam the chicken feet and or cheng-fun for a few more minutes to eliminate the "rubbery-ness"(?)

I know what your thinking, "ok smarty, go home and make it yourself and see how hard it is..."

We took some friends from Canada here because they told us that they pay upwards of $4.50/dish in Calgary, Alberta.  That's gotta suck.  That's more than we pay for a gallon of gas (knock on wood)

After we waste the $3.50 per gallon in gas over the 14 mile round trip from north chandler, the discount is pretty much awash, so we just eat at China King (2-mile round trip, 36 cents in gas).  What can I say, I'm asian, we like to do the math.

I'd definitely hit this again if I'm anywhere w/in a mile of the hood.  My wife loves to shop the Mekong market, and my kid loves to climb on the merry-go-round afterwards.  She's even gotten several free rides from other patrons who put there kids on it and are gracious enough to let our daughter ride along.  What were we talking about?  Oh yeah, dim-sum

Try it, your bank account will love you.
We were with at a banquet party of 90ppl.  It was strange set up, the restaurant is actually part of the food court and tucked away in the side with portions.  So you can still see and hear the food court.  But hey if they have good food, I do not care.

For serving a banquet of 90ppl, it takes good coordination and they did a pretty good job.  Here are the goods and the bads:

Goods:
Food was coming out the kitchen in a good rate
They came around to change out our plates
The combination plate appetizer was good:  roasted duck, soy sauce chicken, bbq pork, beef, and jelly bands
French beef cubes was tasty
Steamed fish


Bads:
They did not serve us water after the meal was done
The rice did not come until 7 of the 9 dishes were out 
Soup was bland
Boiled chicken was just cold
Seafood chow mein did not have enough flavor
Great value for dim sum! Interesting setup though. It's literally in the middle of the food court and split up with nothing but a few partitions, but the food was great!
Wifey and I were wandering around the Mekong Plaza yesterday, looking for someplace to eat lunch and then we were going shopping at the Mekong Market.  So we looked at a bunch of places and menus, some of which we had already tried before.  Then at the north end, we ran into the Mekong Palace.  Like some other poster said, it looks like they are part of a food court, and their seating section is a sectioned off part of the food court.  We decided to order some dim sum and were not disappointed -- the dishes were good and cheaper than any other dim sum restuarant.  We know this for a fact since we love dim sum and frequent many places in the east valley.  We also tried their house special chow mein noodles and that was pretty good.  Looked at their roast duck, roast pork, and char siu pork and ribs -- all looked good (but did not try) and all was cheaper than most every other place.  Our bill was very reasonable and we were not disappointed.  We probably will be back to try some other menu items.
BLECH!  Let me start off by saying that my dad is the king of horrifying cliches.  Strangely enough, they've actually become a vital part of my vocabulary and somewhat useful.

1) If it sounds too good to be true, then it's probably too good to be true

$2.18 per dish for dim-sum?

2) you get what you pay for
I was telling a buddy of mine that the price trumps the food AND the service.  After being away from the place for a month I forget how yucky the food is and the service is deplorable.
 
3) fool me once, shame on you.  fool me twice (4 times?) shame on me and i deserve to be ripped off the 3rd and 4th times.

We were there on Sunday at 11am and my wife remembered that the carts come out from the kitchen and go around counter-clockwise.  Her theory is that by the time they get to the north side tables, all the food will have been picked at and decimated.  
She insists that we be seated as far from the main entrance (north side) as possible.  We get a table right up against the back wall closest to the kitchen.  We're sitting there for about 10 mins and no carts even pass by.  
I'm like thinking, "ok, dim sum is not really a fast food environment.  You stayed up way too late Saturday night and you stumble in for brunch.  It's supposed to be a slow, no rush, drink tea and have vibrant conversation with those around you."
It was then that I started doing the math (not because I'm Asian.  I know what you were thinking).  I counted about 40 tables with 30 of them occupied.  I looked around to see what the MO of this place is.

A) there are only 2 carts being pushed around at any time (are they trying to lower overhead costs by owning only 2 carts?)  Instead of having several carts with the same items going different directions, it appeared that the cart pusher would only go back and fill her cart when it was empty.  So instead of just exchanging her empty cart for a "pre-loaded" cart, she actually disappears for about 3-5 minutes (and I presume she's in the kitchen loading her cart?)

B) since we had no food, I had time to count how many employees were on the floor and what their jobs seemed to be.  2 cart pushers, 3 bus boys (their job seemed to be water fillers, table clearers, and check retrievers) Fine, we all know that you can't seat people if there are no clean tables.  Then I counted 3 more (waiters?) with red vests going to tables and doing I don't know what (taking special orders?).  

There was a man and woman that I assumed were the floor managers or owners that would be walking around doing "managerial" things like looking busy, answering questions, telling others what to do etc.

All the while I'm thinking "more cart pushers (the food is kinda important here) and less whatever the other 8 people were assigned to do.

The 1 hostess/cashier was trying to seat people, take numbers, and take peoples money.  I felt somewhat sympathetic towards her because I overheard a customer say "you gave us number 22" and just seated another party when you called out "22".  She apparently gave two patrons the same number.  She quickly apologized to customer "22b" and out of frustration handed him a slip of paper with the number "32".

Needless to say, the customer was not at all pleased with the exchange and hotly protested "uh, I don't think we want to go 10 places to the back of the line!!"

It was getting really ugly and awkward but one of the other employees came to the rescue by immediately seating "22b" and things were restored to semi-chaos.

Oh, did I mention the food?  When the 1st cart came by our table, the pusher stopped by the table next to us and was fumbling with the little metal dishes and trying to cut the cheng-fun.  She seemed a little shaky and not at all concerned with serving the customers swiftly.  While she was trying to serve the other table, her cart was blocking the aisle and the other cart pusher had to stand there and wait until she was done.
When the cart finally came to our table, we were so famished and anxious that we just started grabbing this and that in fear of never seeing the cart again.

We grabbed the following dishes:
1) shrimp cheng-fun:  Rubbery and kinda bland
2) chicken feet:  Great sauce, but the chicken was not tender and again....rubbery (perhaps leave it in the steamer longer?)  Funny thing is, we've ordered the same 2 dishes the past 3 times and it's the same....RUBBERY!   I guess you could say it's our fault for falling for the same rubber chicken trick each time.
3) Har-gow:  standard steamed pork dumplings, tasted pretty good (or was I just starving and grateful for anything that touched my chopsticks?) haha
4) Wu-tao-gock:  Fried taro was decent
5) Foo-jook-gien:  steamed pork with black fungus wrapped in bean curd skins.  was probably the best thing that touched our palates.

I know what your saying, why do you keep eating the dim-sum if the quality is mediocre at best and the service is non-existent?

PRICE!  it's like a mosquito drawn into a bug zapper.
It has been a year, since I have been here. I've been told by several friends they have a new Dim Sum Chef, new manager, new staff. So I decided to check it out.

Sure enough, the Dim Sum is much better - on par with other Dim Sum places in the valley.  They removed one wall so the place feels roomier. The place was hot, 82F at our table. I brought this up with the management lady. She said there is nothing they can do, air-conditioning was limited to what the mall provided. Other than too warm, this place is all right.
See madison d. Review (it says it all)

I will not be coming back here despite getting my water topped off three times in forty minutes.  Only 2 carts and very small selection.  Definitely sit where the carts come out!!! They have lots of people working here but, only 2 pushing carts which are almost empty by the time they got to our section.

Price is very good and taste ok
Went here for hot pot.  They offer 5 or 6 types of broth ($2) including satay, Szechwan, and Mongolian.  There are a lot of different meats and vegetables to choose from that you choose a la carte and mark down on a sheet.  Our party of 4 shared some rib eye ($4 each order), lamb shoulder ($5 or $6), winter melon ($2), fried soft tofu, baby bok choy, lotus root, pork, pork blood cubes, and beef ball.  Generally meats will be about $4-6 and vegetables/tofu will be around $2-4.  Our total including one soda ($1.50 for 1 can) ended up ~$15 per person including tax and tip.  The meats and vegetables were delicious and fresh, and there is a sauce/condiment station where you can mix your own bowl of sauce (Sauces and condiments include soy sauce, sesame seeds, chili sauce, sesame sauce, satay, green onion, dried garlic, and cilantro).  Each person at the table gets one pot on an induction cooktop, and dessert is included in your hot pot.  We had a refreshing almond/coconut jello, the perfect complement to our meal.  We'll definitely be heading here again for more hot pot since it's a pretty good deal for what you get.
I went here for dim sum with my parents who are visiting from northern cali on a Sunday.  I wanted to get their take on it.  Before this place, China King down in Chandler was always my favorite dim sum place.  They had a great variety, the dim sum was not greasy, and the service was decent.

Mekong Palace does what China King does but even better.  There are more varieties of dim sum to choose from.  The restaurant is also a lot bigger and much cleaner with their tile floor.  China King's carpet has gotten really dirty over the past few years.  The usual chicken feet, har gow, siu mai, chow fun, and congee, which are my standards, are excellent here.  Also every time I go, I always seem to find some new item I've never tried before.

Price wise, it's as cheap as it can get.  With 4 people eating all the dim sum they can and hot tea, I think the bill is usually $40-$50 total.

To top it off, you can go grocery shopping next door after you're done or grab a boba tea at the taiwan cafe in the mall.

My parents said the dim sum was pretty close, if not equal, to what they get in the bay.  Definitely my favorite dim sum place in the valley, and I've been to  cfu, china king, phoenix palace, golden buddha, and great wall.
This place has some of the best dim sum I have yet found in Az (NOT the best dim sum, just the best in this area....) But, unfortunatly, somewhat poor service. 

Actually, I'm not really sure what happened...I've been here a few times before, but the other day when we came by to eat, I had never seen it so busy! Maybe because of the holidays?? Anyways, they were definitely understaffed, if not out front, for sure in the kitchen......They didn't even have half the available dim sum dishes as they normally have. Plus, as another reviewer experienced, we were sat in the back near the stage, and barely got to see the carts come through to us. When they did make it to our table, the best dim sum was gone. 

Funny thing, my favorite dish is BBQ pork bun. They, for some reason, were not coming around with them. So, finally I asked the maitre'd if there was any available, she said there was, and she would bring us out an order shortly. Well, the cart lady came around and I tried to tell her we had the buns coming (by pointing to the item on the menu, and signaling that it was coming) she laughed at me! And shook her head, 'no! no!' indicating that I was nuts! Whatever, I guess she was the nutty one, because they did bring out the buns just for our table. (see, they aren't that bad!....just, apparently, communication between themselves is just as bad as the communication with their English speaking customers!....)

To sum up, for me, the dim sum is worth any of the misstreament one may go through in order to get it. At least until I can visit Chinatown in New York, or if by some miricale, a new dim sum place opens up here offering even better food (and at least kinder service...)
where did this place come from, I guess i'm not from Mesa so  I would never find this place on my own.  Step inside the Mekong Palace, it might look like another strip mall and as soon as you step inside your in  extreme Asian territory.  
I really can't ready everything.  

Ok keep walking it might seem deserted later in the day but the food court was poping when I was there.  there's defiantly a nice selection of small business and restaurants.  Mainly the Dim Sum and the Soup place is why I go there.  
Vietnamese place serves Hot Pot. meaning you buy veggies and meat and then everyone heats up their own soup. Installed for every seat at the tables is a little warming plate to cook your soup.  Kind of cool. Whatch out a few dollars here and there can really add up but for the most part very affordable. 
You also have to make your own sauce so make sure you do that right.
Very good.  It's the big semi-curtained off restaurant on the north end of the Mekong Plaza food mall hall, in case you're unfamiliar with the layout.  I'm rating it for the various takeout noodle dishes as I haven't tried the (very popular) dim sum yet.
I went here recently with my Asian friends for Chinese new year for our yearly tradition of dimsums. I really had a very nice time. The food and tea came at regular intervals and I don't think I stopped eating the 2 hours I was there. I do not know the names of the dishes but everything I tried was delicious- the dumplings, turnip cake, noodles, the desserts were some of my favorites. I think I enjoyed more as I went at a very festive time of the year with people who knew what to order. So, if you know even one Asian, tag along with them , let them do the ordering and sit back and enjoy.
This place probably had some bad reviews when they first opened up.  They probably were issues at that time.  

Anyway, My wife and I have been here many times as customers.  They have improved over the time, and are perhaps now respectable.  

Go on the weekends (Saturday or Sunday morning), and enjoy their dim sum.  It is good for Mesa AZ.  It is not like Hong Kong, but it is good.

Also, you should go there for the hot pot.  Wife and I went there yesterday for hotpot.  I suggest some kind of combination like the following:

Szechuan Pepper Broth
Chicken
Spinach
Vermicelli

Create a hotpot from this.  The only thing that I would recommend to Mekong Palace for the hot pot area, which you cook yourself at your table, is that they provide some recommended combinations on the hot pot menu based upon what they see being ordered.  This may make this more accessible and allow them to attract some adventurous non-Asian customers.
Now i love going to the Mekong Plaza, especially to Unphogettable and the supermarket.  But i wanted some dim sum and heard the Mekong Palace in the back of the little mall had dim sum.  I was bringing along my nephew and was seated pretty quickly during lunch time.  Now I've been to allot of dim sum places in the Vally, and usually the dim sum carts usually come strolling to your table even before the drink order is placed.  Not here.  My drink order was taken and arrive but still no dim sum.  Even a waiter came by to ask if i wanted a menu like i just arrived.  I informed him that we wanted dim sum and said the cart would arrive shortly.  Now take in mind, there's about six tables eating during the lunch hour and only one dim sum cart going around.  So i decide to take a look at the dim sum and lunch menu in case it look a little longer.  The dim sum menu is pretty large and the cool thing about weekdays and most of the day, all of the dim sum items in the A,B or C columns are all 2.38.  The rest of the menu will cost 4.95.  
Finally after two cups of tea the dim sum carts arrives and the lady at the cart is showing me items that pretty much i don't want to try.  I only settle on three items, the shrimp dumpling, the pork and veggie dumpling, and baked rolls with BBQ pork inside.  I asked for the steamed pork buns but she said she will have it later.  Since she didn't have the steamed buns, i settled for the pork and rice wrapped in lotus leaf.  All were good but very unexpected because you can get that at any dim sum place.  
While eating i was looking at the menu, i noticed these soy sauce chow mein that look like something good.  It was 7.95 and didn't want a whole order so asked the waiter if i could get an order but a smaller portion.  The waiter said that he can make a dim sum portion for 4.95 and would be happy to get that order in!  That i was happy about and it took only a couple of minutes, which was quicker then the dim sum cart to come around!  Even thought i had to put in the order, the noodles were amazing, soft and crunchy with bean sprouts!  Great way to end my meal and my nephew loved the noodles as well.  Next time i come, it may just be for the soy sauce chow mein!
The service is pretty quick but can't say that for the dim sum carts.  But I'm gonna just look and see if there are more then one of the carts around before i have dim sum.
Inside the mekong palace there is a separate area to the side that is actually a small Hot Pot restaurant.  While the restaurant area is fairly small they made it very functional, each table has two burners built so that everyone can have their own broth. They had a great selection of food to choose from (from your typical sliced beef to razor clams) after you order you walk to the front and they have a table that is just for all of the sauces you can mix yourself. They gave you so many options and it was nice to be able to make more than just one sauce. The meal turned out great and the service was good  Overall I was pretty impressed, it reminded me of having a family dinner at my mother in-law's house. So if you are looking for a good place to enjoy hot pot without all the troubles of doing at home but just as good make sure you check this place out.
Coming from Southern California, I have pretty high standards for Dim Sum. I was passing by Phoenix on my way to Albuquerque and decided to get some dim sum, as the Valley is the last bastion of Chinese food before I head east. I honestly didn't know what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised.

First of all, the prices are very very reasonable. You cannot even get $2.38 for practically all items (except for large specialty items) in Orange County or San Diego. You'd have to go to New York, San Francisco, or the San Gabriel Valley to find dim sum cheaper than what you find here.

Secondly, the quality is pretty good. The shui mai was tasty, even if it wasn't great looking. The clay pot rice with spare-ribs was pretty good. The bowl of stewed tripe was decent, albeit a bit smaller in amount than I would find in LA. The only big disappointment was the fried sticky rice, which came out a bit dry.

Service was fairly decent when I was there, much better than the average in SoCal, which can range from tolerably forgetful to disgustingly rude. Sure, the service isn't the friendly service I would get when I go to a nice sit down Italian joint, but I'm also not expecting that.

Bonus, they do well in decorating a space that's essentially an end of an indoor strip mall pit. I'll be back when I drive back west towards home!
Update:  Still haven't tried the dim sum. I'm not that big on dim sum.  But their regular dishes are excellent.  I love the noodles here.
Nice place to go to the Asian market and also the filipino food in wholly grill as well as the dimsum!
Yummy, who doesn't love dim sum, roaches and  flies?
I had dim sum here once before and liked it until I just saw the 5/22/2012 Maricopa restaurant violations on the news.  Mekong Palace got 16 violations.  Gross!  

http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=Food Establishments Search&as_type=Food
Deducted two stars as the lo mein with roast pig was pretty scroungy this time - oily, salty, little vegetables, pork didn't taste so good.  Quality decline, off day?    Anyway, I'm back to awarding the Godzilla #1 approval ratings to ACE across the street and Best Hong Kong down the road.
This review is based on my experience with their dim sum. I came here for a Sunday brunch. This is prime time dim sum time. I have had dim sum in many cities including Boston, Atlanta, Orlando, Memphis, and Westminster. This place had awesome customer service. I have never been to a place that has refilled my water and tea more than this place! Love the service! The food. Maybe it was an off day. I was tasty but it wasn't the wow you'd expect. Dim sum carts steam the food so once placed on the table it's hot and ready. I didn't see it. Also the had two bottles on the table labeled "soy sauce". Surprise surprise one was definitely not soy sauce. It's vinegar (same color as soy sauce here). This place gets packed so I thought I would be getting some legit dim sum. If you're looking for a great dim sum place, I highly recommend China King in Chandler.
I gave them back a  star. I like their noodles.
This review is only for their dinner menu, which is pretty good Chinese food.  They make some really good veggie, fish, and beef dishes for a fair price.  The wait staff are friendly and pretty attentive.  They always keep my glass full.  I would try to stay away during a night when they have a banquet going on because the food comes out of the kitchen really slowly.
I'm from NY, so I grew up going to many Chinese restaurants.  I can honestly say that Mekong Palace is a gem in Mesa, AZ for authentic HK style food.  

I've been here many times, for a quick lunch, a late night dinner, and a weekend Dim Sum event.  All of my experiences have been great.

First, let me talk about their BBQ: roast pork, duck, chicken, etc.  The BBQ which you can buy by the pound or get it over rice for lunch is very good quality.   This reminds me of the Chinese BBQ back in NY.  

For dinner they offer a nice selection of options ranging from deep fried whole fish to a steamed fish with soy sauce, scallions ,and ginger.  Also,  I like to order the "Chow Mien" (pan-fried noodles) with your choice of protein.  They have basically everything on the menu.  If you don't know what to order, just ask your server, they are very helpful.

Now for my Dim Sum experience they offer your typical "Dim Sum".  I was amazed by the selection and quality.

I consider these the standards:

Siu Mai - Pork and Shrimp dumpling
Har goh - Shrimp dumpling
Wu Tao go - Fried Taro Cake
Ha cheung - Shrimp wrapped in rice noodles

......and plenty more!

Also, I have experienced a high level of service during my Dim Sum meal with my friends.  I would ask them if they had a particular dish, and they said they were still cooking them and that they would be ready soon.  To my surprise, when they were ready, the server personally delivered that particular Dim Sum to us.  That act seldom happens at a Dim Sum restaurant partially because the restaurants are usually too busy and because the servers just don't care.  You don't have to worry about that here :-).  Also, the servers speak english, no worries.  

Therefore, come here and experience real Chinese food.  O, did I mention the price is super reasonable!!!
This restaurant gives you a lot of food for the price. We ordered the mushi pork, pan fried noodles and mixed vegetables with black mushrooms. The mushi pork was great  but the pan fried noodles were overwhelmed with the sauce. The mixed vegetables was okay I should have ordered my favorite, Chinese broccoli. We brought half of the food home except for the mushi pork that we devoured.
One thing I really disliked was the plastic chopsticks. It was a test to see how much food you could get to your mouth before the food would slide off the chopstick.
Not a bad place for dim sum. Have been here several times now. Most of the time it's been satisfactory.
Came here for dinner and dim sum. Dinner probably deserves 5 stars but dim sum was probably 3 stars, so I'll just average my experience to 4 stars. 

Food: 
Dinner: There's these dishes that are on sale right now for less than $10 and most of them are clay pot dishes (which are DELICIOUS!). All the dinner items we ordered were AMAZING! Especially the green beans! Those were flavored and stir fried to perfection! I've had this dish many times at many different places and this was by far the BEST green bean dish I've ever had! The clay pots were ALL amazing! Everything tasted SOOO GOOD! 

Dim sum: Not enough dim sum items and the ones that did show up were only ok. We were sitting around for a really long time and nothing would come. When the ladies did come by with the carts, they would not even try to sell us anything. We had to be all proactive and ask everyone what's in the carts. Even when we did that, the ladies would just say "nothing new" and push the cart away. We had to order things from the kitchen but even those things would take forever to come. A few of the dim sum dishes we ordered came AFTER we asked for our check and paid already. 

Service: 
Dinner: Great service! No complaints there!
Dim sum: REALLY SLOW...why was there no food??? 

Ambiance: 
This restaurant is in the middle of a food court of a shopping plaza. They just put up dividers to section off the "restaurant" from the rest of the food court. I was hesitant to eat at this place, but I'm glad I did because dinner was amazing! Dim sum...that's a different story. If you get over the fact that you are really sitting in the middle of a food court, then it's not so bad. 

Price: 
Both dinner and dim sum items were pretty cheap. 

Overall: 
I really liked eating dinner here! All the dishes were delicious! Dim sum probably would have been better if there was more food and the dim sum ladies were better about showing us what was available. I would totally come again for dinner but maybe not dim sum.
Nice selection and great customer service. Try the dim-sum on weekends but get there EARLY if you don't want to wait. Afterwards, ask for a mango pudding. It comes with a little evaporated milk on top and is oh so yummy!
Mekong Palace Hot Pot was a nice find, tucked in the side of the restaurant. Ive been in half a dozen times, and it stacks up against Tien Wong Hot Pot any day of the week. Less Expensive with a better selection of raw ingredients and a nice flavorful Szechwan Broth.

My full review is available at http://forkvsfood.com/?p=213
This place is just AWESOME! We found it by accident and are extremely glad we did. Following an hour long Massage in the same Plaza we went inside Mekong Plaza, an indoor shopping center catering to Asian restaurants, market and other retail stores. We found Mekong Palace and had a GREAT meal! 2.5 pound lobster (from their tank) with ginger and scallions, fresh oysters in black bean sauce, Gai Lan, rice, tea and dessert for $40.00!! The service was great and we were made to feel at home. We went back the next day for Dim Sum and again, we were thrilled with EVERYTHING!
A nicer restaurant with chandeliers and newer furniture. The favorites of the night were the steamed fish, pepper beef, and the red bean dessert. Everything else was kind of underseasoned and bland (fried rice was just oily, but not fragrant and spiced, and so was the bokchoy). Service is a little awkward. They always reach across your plate to place things instead of turning the lazy susan.
Strange atmosphere, in the middle of a "curtained off" mall food court...brightly lit like a hospital. The food was REMARKABLE!!! The honey walnut shrimp was the best I've ever had. 

Unfortunately I will not eat there again and will give them no more of my business or money. According to their menu they serve shark fin soup. I have made the personal decision to NEVER support businesses that serve or sell products made from shark fins. "Finning" is the procedure used to collect the ingredient. This involves cutting the fins off a live shark and throwing it back into the ocean to drown and die on the sea floor. It is EXTREMELY cruel and inhumane. Arguments have been made that the whole shark is butchered and put to use and THIS IS NOT TRUE. THEY DO NOT USE THE WHOLE ANIMAL. Finning is a horrible practice and many states even have laws against serving shark fin. 

If you are okay with this kind of cruelty, by all means, visit Mekong Palace and enjoy the delicious food. If you have a heart, you will boycott all business supporting this practice.
Best dim sum in Arizona , hands down no competition!
I had the dim sum.  I thought it wasn't particularly bad, but it wasn't that great either.  The service was fast at least, but it's a little weird because it's located in a closed off portion of a food court.  Maybe they're looking for space to move into later.
Since most of the Chinese places here in the valley are not that great this place was a pleasant surprise for the food.  The restaurant itself is really just half of the food court cordoned off to segregate some tables for the Mekong dining area.  They have fish tanks of live seafood you can order which is pretty neat.  The menu is pretty giant and they have a good sized selection of vegetarian food.  The vegetable with black mushroom dish I had was very good it just took a really long time to come out.  My buddies's peking duck came out about 10 minutes before mine.  I'm not really sure what happened. Our waitress was very nice and helpfull with the menu and our questions about the food before we ordered.  So for having a pretty long wait and the fact you are basically eating in a food court they are a solid three and it's a pretty fun place to eat.
Everytime I visit Phoenix, I always have to stop by here at least once before leaving back to Tucson. This place is delicious! I've came here with many friends and families and every one just loves the food here! The restaurant is located inside a big Asian supermarket, making it covenient to go shopping for Asian food right after you eat to digest or before you eat. I always order the PHO here and it's really delicious! The setting and workers are nice as well and this place is a definite place to go check out if you up in Phoenix looking for some good good. Take it from me, I really go here a lot! :)
Dim Sum. Amazing selection and variety. Super friendly staff. Extremely affordable.
So while you shop at the grocery store....check out the awesome dim sum place inside......damn.....this is the best in Arizona so far. Lots of variety. Makes me want to sum dim.....hmmm....
Dim Sum is great here. The people are on top of what they do, never run out of food or drinks. Highly recommend to anyone who is a fan of Asian cuisine!
We came here for dim sum after rave reviews from some trusted friends.  Well....

eh.

First, their "duck tongues".  Supposed to be great.  Frankly, they were like chicken feet.  Nothing to them.  Just bone (yes, there's a bone in the tongue).  Not really the fault of Mekong Palace, of course.  Just the nature of the duck tongue.

But as for the rest, it was very strange.  Pretty much everything we had tasted basically the same.  Shumai, dumplings...everything.  Tasted the same.  Not that it tasted "bad".  It didn't.  But what's the point in a variety of things if they all taste basically the same?  It was boring.

Probably won't be coming back here.
Mekong Palace is located off Dobson Rd. and Main St. in Mesa.  This food court eatery is located inside the Mekong Plaza shopping center.  Mekong Palace is a trifecta of a restaurant.  During the day they offer up Dim Sum, the evenings it's either classic Chinese dining or Hot Pot!

Dim Sum is what I like to call Asian Tapas.  Dim sum, literally translated, means "touch of the heart." Traditional legend says that women would make dim sum dishes for their husbands before they went off to work.  For this reason, dim sum is very labor intensive, made up of small Bo-Bite-sized pieces (usually served in dishes of 2-4 pieces) with attention to detail; even going so far as lines on dumpling wrappings.  Dim sum is traditionally served for breakfast and lunch and is considered an art form amongst Chinese chefs. 

Modern day Dim Sum is served by the waitstaff pushing carts around and in between tables, while patrons view and select the dishes in the carts.  My family and I usually go on Sunday mornings like most Asian families.  I jokingly call this Sunday gathering Chinese Church.  Dim Sum is also called "Yum Cha" or drinking tea since tea is the choice of beverage.

Mekong has all your favorite Dim Sum plates from Siu Mai, Cha Siu Bow, Nah My Guy to Guy Lans and Nai Wong Bows.  Yes, I know, it sounds so foreign, but it's the only way to order it.  No worries, the servers translate all these dishes in English well.   Make sure you bring a Chinese speaking friend.  Not only is it almost a requirement, but makes it more fun, as well.  I love the Dim Sum here not just because the food is great, but because of the atmosphere.  Mekong rocks out on classic Andy Lau, Jacky Cheung, and Vivian Chow music playing while you enjoy a great meal with family and friends.

During the evening, Mekong Palace pumps out great Chinese cuisine.  They have everything from your favorite Kung Pao Chicken to your Sweet and Sour Pork.  However, they also have some great classic authentic Chinese dishes such as Stir-fried Lobster, Mapo Tofu, and my favorite, Stir-fried String beans and pork.  

Think that's it?  Well think again!  Mekong Palace also offers up Hot Pot style dining.  Here at Mekong you get your own pot of hot boiling stew and choice of flavor, while cooking your own ingredients made to order; fresh chopped vegetables, round eye beef and diced calamari.  I love eating Hot Pot here since it's very tasty and also very affordable.  At $2-$3 per plate, this place can get you full real quick at a very fair value
Excellent Dim Sum (Chinese dumplings), in Phoenix of all places.  Tried a few new pieces this time including the shrimp (paste) on green pepper, which was delicious.  Of course the pork buns, an old standby, fresh out of the oven are to die for.  And the crispy shrimp balls, woo hoo!  Me, I ALWAYS get a side of the BBQ duck -- and it is NEVER less than fantastic.   The fried shrimp, with garlic and jalapeno, wowee!  The carts just keep on coming, and the ice tea refills are prompt.  In other words, great service AS WELL AS fabulous dim sum. 

If you're a Dim Sum aficionado, Mekong Palace is great news, you do NOT have to travel to San Francisco.  If you've never eaten Dim Sum before, only heard about it, go to Mekong Palace and be adventurous.   You'll be glad you did!
Came around noon and the wait wasn't so bad. I didn't like that they didn't have enough people pushing the cart. For the amount of people there, there should be more people serving. The food was OK and the place itself is just a bunch of tables placed in middle of a food court. all and all.....its just OK.
Located in the Mekong Plaza food court, we found this place by accident.  We went to the Filipino restaurant next door (Wholly Grill).  I was telling my wife that it had been a long time since I had a really good beef stew noodle soup.  She had a craving for yang chow fried rice, but we had ordered at the Grill.  (See separate review.)  We went to the Palace and ordered both items to go for the following day at home.  We live in Prescott Valley and there isn't a decent Chinese restaurant within 50 miles.  It was excellent!  The beef stew noodle soup was flavorful and the meat was quality.  I'm not a big fan of fried rice, but the one we brought home could change my mind.  They have a nice and spacious setting for a food court environment and there's no doubt we'll be back.
They can be inconsistent.  Some dishes are excellent, but some dishes - like the beef chow fun and Singapore style chow mai fun I recently had - are not.  The beef chow fun was awful, tasteless and far too much bean sprouts.  Their wheat noodle dishes are good, and the rice noodle dish with shredded duck I just had was really good.  Yes, I like their noodle dishes.  The roast pig is excellent.   Their dim sum is extremely popular.  Interesting dishes too, like the fish maw soup - good.  Most of the time it's really good. I'd give them a five if they were more consistent.
Went there this past Sunday, food is very tasty, ordered family style and everything came out timely and good size portions. The one tip if you come here is bring a fly swatter or fly zapper. We had flies all over our table and had to keep waving them away and covering each dish with a napkin. I looked at other tables and either all the flies were at our table or they did not care if they had flies landing on their food.
Pretty standard dim sum. It's good, but not LA or Hong Kong good. The size of the pastry dishes (i.e. bbq pork bun or gai mei bao) were noticeably smaller. They also weren't melt in your mouth soft, but it tasted like it should taste. The lo baht go wasn't as flavorful and cold when we got it. The hahm sui got was on par. The location is interestingly inside an Asian shopping complex next to the food court. I like how it was brightly lit there and looked clean.
I am sad. Just because I ordered no. 32, not anything else (I guess), they asked me to sit outside of their tables. Which is in front of boba drink food court. I can't eat there on their table. It happened twice. I thought it just me but it's not right if you treat customers like this:(.
Typical dim sum served at this restaurant is typical, raging from fair to very good. Most members of the service staff are friendly, a few are efficiency oriented.
I took off a star because while their dishes are usually 5 star it seems that on occasion they have the B team working in the kitchen and they do not know how to cook at all and then it's one star - like the shredded duck i just ordered, which is usually very good, but this last time some fool just took his cleaver and chopped up random bits and  bones and gristle and tossed it in.

Phoenix Palace, a few miles south on Dobson, is much more consistant.
The last time I had Hot Pot it was in Taipei and it was 2009. Clearly I was due for a repeat. Since my China days are over, I had to rely on my friends to take me where they thought the most authentic stuff was in Phoenix, so all 10 of us gathered at Mekong for some Hot Pot goodness.

Here is my easy guide to eating Hot Pot at Mekong.

ORDERING
Sharing is Caring!!  Since Hot Pot is all about sharing, the hard part about it is the strategy. The bigger your party, the harder it will be to coordinate. Groups of 4-6 are ideal. 10 is just a mess. Make sure you all figure out what you collectively want to eat (everyone likes meat? Ok, a couple portions of meat. Only 2 like mushrooms, Ok only 1 serving). Otherwise if everyone fills out an order card with their personal preference you will end up with 1) too many leftovers, 2) a giant bill

PICKING FLAVORS
Go a little past your comfort zone on flavors. A big/spicy/tasty broth is good as you will not be drinking it, but just dipping your sides in it. The stronger the broth, the better the flavors of your sides will be. Also, go above and beyond when making your dipping sauce. Mix and match! Spicy soy sauce mixed with satay, sesame seeds, garlic and cilantro is a good base. Again, you're not drinking the sauce, just dipping your cooked goods in it. The stronger, the better!

COOKING YOUR STUFF
Think like a chef. Not everything will take the same amount of time to cook. The meat will take 10 seconds (in-out-done). The taro will take the longest. Dumplings will take a while to cook, while bok choy, greens and some veggies will be faster. Noodles will also be pretty fast so check often. Also, don't over boil your broth! you have the temp controls under the table, so pick a temperature where you get steady heat and bubbles without making a giant mess and overcooking everything. Experiment! 

EATING YOUR STUFF
Share Share Share. Pass along the sides, try everything (coagulated blood, tripe, fish balls, you name it). If you really want to take some leftovers home, I suggest you cook them prior OR take some of the broth home to cook later. Most of the stuff really don't make good leftovers, so I wouldn't particularly bother unless you went overboard with the ordering.

PAYING YOUR STUFF
Based on the whole sharing technique, I would just split evenly (except for drinks). Since sides get passed around, splitting according to what you ate might be a giant pain in the ass- for both you and the server. Expect to pay around $20 including some drinks.

Overall experience was fun and worth returning. The list of options is large and the quality is A-OK. Doesn't compare to my Taiwanese experience but hey, this is Phoenix after all.
Mekong Palace is definitely my choice for dinner and dim sum, ALWAYS.  While there's no solid walls perse, the decor and ambiance is decent.  How can you not love the cleanliness?

Dim sum:  The prices are a steal for the quality that you get.  Food is fresh, dumplings are big [that's what she said], and the food is just downright amazing.  It doesn't matter if you're the first for dims sum or the lat, the food is always fresh.  Service is always superior and your tea pot is never left empty for more than a couple minutes.  Those kids are on the ball about keeping the pot filled!  I love their seasonal items like the little fried sweet potato balls of heaven and their special items are always exciting to try.  Food is genuinely authentic and I love it here!

Dinner:  Dinner is just as great.  Mekong Palace is the only place to go for Peking Duck.  While other places makes a delicious bird, they usually just give you the skin only with the buns.  At Mekong Palace, they hook it up.  You get the skin for the buns of course but they also prepare two more little dishes with the price of the one dish:  You get lettuce wraps and the duck meat itself.  It's DELICIOUS!  Food at dinner is just as amazing and the portions are gigantic.  This is definitely my favorite place to go when I want some Chinese food [well, here and my mama's house].
This is my favorite place for dim sum AND hot pot in the Phoenix area!

Dim sum always has a wide variety of dishes fresh from the kitchen.  You HAVE to try the coconut jello, it's one of my favorite desserts.  The consistency is fluffy, and not quite like a jello.  It's hard to describe, but so delicious.  Plus, prices are CHEAP.  I can eat here with friends and leave stuffed and only pay $10 (including tip!).

Hot pot is also great and they qive you a lot of food in each order.  I love that each person gets their own individual pot to cook meat and veggies in, so each person can choose a different flavor broth if they want.  Plus vegetarians won't get their broth tainted by meat-eaters.

The only con is if you arrive at the busy time on the weekend, you will have to wait to get your dim sum.  Best to arrive around 10 or 10:30 to avoid the wait.
The shrimp dumplings and chicken feet were very good.  That's all I ordered and the bill came to $5.36 (tax included).  Food is very good for the money.  I was recently at the top rated dim sum restaurant in San Francisco and I would have to say the food here rocks in comparison.  Fresher and better tasting.  The staff here is much friendlier and helpful.  They seem like nice people.
I went here twice with my friends, both turned out to be disaster. Their siu-mai tasted so weird. It like they cooked with ruber band or something. Also, their chicken feet tasted not so good compared to Phoenix Place in Chandler. 
I would not come back to this place again. If you would like to try every best dim-sum, I would recommend Great Wall at 35th and Camelback in phoenix.
This place was converted into a Chinese restaurant after what seems like the building owners being unable to lease out more of its food court stalls.  The hot and steamed dishes here are good. Chicken feet actually stood out to me as very good.  As for the other dishes, you should only take if fresh. Some items have been sitting out for a while, and you can't tell until it's already on your table and you dig your chopsticks into cold or stale food. That is one of my biggest turn-offs at dim sum places. They also need more carts going around when busy. Ask for hot mustard to mix with the chili oil, soy sauce, and vinegar. 

For Phoenix dim sum, my latest ranking from best to worst  is Great Wall, Phoenix Palace, Mekong, then China King. I'd go here if people didn't want to drive down to Chandler or out west to Great Wall.
Best Dim Sum in the Phoenix Metro!  Had a great brunch again today. I love this place!
Held my wedding reception here a couple months ago and Sharon and her team did an amazing job. She blocked off half the restaurant for my guests and the set up was definitely more than I expected. 
From beginning to end, the reception went perfectly. The service and staff were attentive and everyone raved about the food. Because my reception was in between lunch and dinner, we had a half dim sum/half plated menu and everyone had so much food left over to take home! 
I would absolutely recommend this place over some other Chinese restaurants in the valley if you were looking for a delicious, clean (emphasis on clean), cost effective wedding reception or party location. 
We even had a couple people who had food allergies and Sharon made an alternate menu to cater to them.
Food was as good & fresh as any Hong Kong Dim Sum. I was impressed with the freshness of the vegetables and light sauces and the Chicken congee was outstanding. Price was very good for the work that goes into making all those little
 tid-bits of heaven. Found Mekong Palace by seeing that Phoenix Yelp Breakfast Club was having an UN-official meeting there, so it must have been tested out to be good, reviews were all good,  no brained and so glad we went. It is inside the mall, really. It takes up a wing of space......interesting it is not enclosed by drywall or short ceilings, a new concept in placement of mall use.
My mom came in from out of town after I recently moved here. Being from Chicago, one of our traditions together is getting dim sum. I heard about this place and was skeptical...but boy was I wrong! The dim sum was INCREDIBLE, and service was excellent!!!! This will definitely be our go to spot when she comes in town for girls weekend! A must check out for any dim sum connoisseur!
Came to Mekong Palace for February's Breakfast Club UYE to try some Dim Sum, we were a party of 10 and were seated right away.  

Even though the restaurant itself sits in the back of a shopping center, once you are seated you sort of forget that you are in a shopping plaza.

We tried at least 15 different items, everything was delish, my son really enjoyed the shark fin rolls the roasted duck, we also tried noddle dishes, a chicken and rice dish, steamed bbq pork buns, oh gosh we tried everything,  every dish offered a new flavor and everything was very yummy!

Like I said we were a party of 10, and tried over 15 different styled dishes and the total bill for each of us with tip included: $13 bucks! That's right! Great meal for an excellent price, but have to be honest, none of were thinking with our wallet when picking items, we just wanted to tried all the things we could and I was quite shocked to learn it was just 13 per person. 

It was a great time had by all, and I look forward to coming back!
Went here for Dim Sum with the Breakfast  Club. Turns out we had just the right amount of folks for the largest of the tables.  I am still not that up on what is in everything but with two in our group that spoke Chinese we had no surprises.  There were some textures I didn't care for but nothing I disliked the taste of and I went away full without much of a dent in the wallet.  

I really need to go back and explore the plaza more.  It looks sort of like they just wall off part of the food court to serve Dim Sum.
Okay, I'm giving this 4 stars as it's the best Dim Sum place we can get here in the East Valley and I'm Chinese.  There's nothing that stands out, but it's better than the other places that I've tried and been to a number of times.

Maybe the cooks from Hong Kong rotate from the different restaurants and wherever they are, the food tastes better.  I don't know.  

They have all the typical things that you'd expect, minus some of the delicacies you might find in like San Francisco or Los Angeles, like the blood pudding stuff (yuck) and things on that level.

But, well, I don't know how to write in English the dishes, so all those little dumplings, porridge, pastries, taro cake, fried stuff, all those appetizer looking things ladened in grease, yep, they have them here.

I don't know about the prices because my mom always treats.  Anyway, it's fine.
I've been to Mekong Palace many times and my opinion every time has pretty much been, "It's aight." The setup is kind of weird at first because it was converted from a courtyard area to a restaurant but it doesn't seem to affect anything (besides possibly noise).

The dim sum at Mekong is okay. It's not horrible but it's not super awesome, either. I really like the dan tat (egg custard tart things) but it seems like they are out like 90% of the time that I visit. Since I live out of town, this is always disappointing to me. Also, the taro puffs, which are normally my favorite dim sum item, are not very good at Mekong. Their coconut agar jelly sweet is really yummy, though.

Non-dim sum food is also okay. I like their roast pork (the siu yook) but everything else is kind of average. I really like their peking duck but their lettuce wraps (an item that many Chinese restaurants make to "use up" the rest of the meat from the duck) don't taste good to me... at all. I much prefer China Chili or Great Wall's lettuce wrap filling even though I think Mekong's peking duck might be superior. Also, we once requested the banquet-style salad with shrimp, apples, melons, lychee, etc. which was a favorite of mine back in the days of China Doll, but it was not very good even though it was like $50+ for a small dish. I was very disappointed. Those are probably the only dishes I've had that I actually thought were bad. All others have been average to me.

Everything seems clean. Service is fine but we've definitely had some people who were pretty rude. Mekong is a solidly decent place to eat though there are better places to go for dim sum or dinner.
Located in an open area within a small mall. Went to dim sum and it was just average.
Polly's Mom opinions:
"The Calamari Squid are too salty."
"The Lobster are extreme too salty."
"The Service are bad supportive."

Polly's opinions:
"I am agreed with my mother, but service should said, (hi, how are you my is Rudy and I'm going to be your server today)
And besides, my mom don't know who is our server support our table."
I WAS a Dim Sum Virgin ... Until Monica O. posted February's Breakfast Club UYE at Mekong Palace. 

I clicked "I'm in!" and off I went on a Saturday to finally validate that Dim Sum V-Card.  

So this place is in a mall food court; however, once our group of 10 got situated, I barely noticed. 

Glad we had Norm with us for guidance, because I sure as Heck wouldn't have a clue what to do! 

My favorites were the BBQ Pork Steamed Buns, the squid and one of the noodle dishes. 

We tried what seemed like an endless parade of different plates. I know I definitely left quite full. So you can imagine my surprise when we each paid $13 after tip! 

Really enjoyed the company and of course, the food. Look forward to coming back in the future ... And trying Hot Pot!
Best service by a Chinese restaurant ever! Didn't have to ask for refills & the servers were very attentive! They have some amazing clams and seafood.
This place is the bomb for fried rice!!!! Love the beef fried rice. The roast pork was crunchy, too bad they don't carry Mong Thomas Sauce!!! This is our second visit and the customer service was still great. We requested a table near the aquarium because of son likes to watch the fish: and they gladly fulfilled our request. They refilled my cup without asking. We ordered a dish we thought was what we ordered last time, but it wasn't and they gladly took it away. We tried again, and it still wasn't the right dish. We asked for help and they said it was probably the house fried rice that we got during our last visit. The confusion was that that fried rice wasn't on the menu. But we finally got it right the 3rd time around. We feel bad cause our waitress got yelled at for not getting our order right, she told us. But we tipped her nicely afterwards. They offered us dim sum but wasn't sure if it was free. Overall, you get more food for what you pay for. Con: no refills on sodas. Great place for fried rice
Best dim sum in Edinburgh. Very nice lunch experience. It's a bit far from where I live, but a few trips a month is worthwhile!
This is my parents local Chinese restaurant, and somewhere that I am often taken for dinner. Honestly, it beats a lot of Chinese take-aways in Suburbia hands down. The fact that they've taken dim-sum and jellyfish and managed to sell it to the people of Longstone says a lot! Try the stuffed aubergine in black bean sauce, it is tres yum.
Really amazing lovely delicious meal this evening. I will spread the word among family & friends to visit for a meal. Many thanks for a brilliant meal & excellent service. :-)  *****
Great traditional Chinese food! Beef chow main is awesome. Pork dim sum very good. Peking style pork was great too. A little out of the center of town if you are a tourist. But food is well worth it.
It was more luck than judgement that I ended up eating at the Imperial Palace yesterday evening. 

Having not yet seen the latest Bond, Skyfall, I discovered that the only cinema still showing it (just) less than 45 mins drive was the Odeon in Wester Hailes (a first visit for me). 

Arriving early for the showing, we had an hour to grab a bite to eat. Taking advice from a Juniper Green local, we arrived here. 

If you've ever been to one of the excellent Chinese restaurants you often find above a large Chinese cash n' carry supermarket, the look and feel of this establishment is very similar. 

There were a good few patrons in considering it was only 18:30 on a Wednesday evening and what with most people returning to work after the Christmas break the very next day. 

As we were seated, I loved the fact that there were as many families of Oriental descendancy enjoying eating here as there were Caucasian as I've found that often to be a good indicator of quality when trying a new restaurant. 

With time sadly limited, we ordered food to share. I had to keep the spice factor less than I normally go for as I was with my Mum, who prefers the mild end of the scale. 

With that in mind, we ordered, Chicken Noodle Soup, Spare Ribs in BBQ sauce, Shredded Crispy Beef in Ginger & Spring Onion and some Soft Noodles (vermicelli style) along with a couple of Tsingtao Beers. 

My Mum errs toward starters and the soup was for her with everything else shared. 

The sauce for the ribs was gorgeous with a subtle sticky sweetness. The shredded beef was crispy (when so many places serve soggy). I felt there could be a little more emphasis on the ginger, although it was still lovely. The noodles were some of the best I've had. Not limp, nor too greasy & with the light taste of soy. 

The amount of food presented was easily enough to satisfy two people. 

Having decimated these good sized portions in record time, we found we had a brief moment to relax with a pot of Chinese Tea. 

Service was exemplary, despite the hurried nature of our visit and the whole bill came to a very reasonable 28. 

I suspect I will return under more relaxing circumstances & perhaps have some fun with the dim sum menu.
So Imperial Palace was a big fail for me. I wanted dim sum, but I forgot it is a primarily afternoon feast, rather than evening. So, we opted to stay, but go with the standard menu instead. The restaurant itself is large, had a few diners at the time we visited, but nothing too overwhelming. The waiter took our order, then we settled down. 

We only reached the first course. I ordered vegetable spring rolls, the boy, spare ribs. Unfortunately, I got a mix of vegetable and duck spring rolls, which made me rather unhappy. 

More awkwardly, after alerting the waiter, he kindly cleared my plate, and then the SR and I decided that we would dine elsewhere that evening. Unfortunately, the waiter misheard, and still started to prepare the SR's dinner. Umm... oops. 

Never mind, after a second effort to clarify the situation (that we wanted to leave), we paid for our drinks and left. One star for the apologies the waiter made (which were plenty), but I won't be back.
this place is good!! pretty high quality chinese food!! and cool tables with a bit in the middle that spins around!!! the only bad thing was that it was so busy that we had to wait ages to order and ages for our good but the food was great and they were friendly!
This somewhat out of the way restaurant is well worth at least one weekend afternoon visit, even if you're on bus from town. I see there has been some disappointment registered regarding the evening. I can't comment as I've only done the afternoon - several times. But I would, I will, go again. Booking at the weekend is advised.

Imperial Palace is definitely one of the best Dim Sum places in Edinburgh. It's best experienced in as large a group (of dedicated Dim Sum fans ;-) as you can muster.

While a point is lost for occasional stodginess - it's a large, busy place with a penchant for steaming! - you can go all out here with your sweet and savoury baus, lemon tarts, siu mai, har gau, chicken's feet (if you dare), and great duck and char siu - the works.  Matthew's Chinese supermarket, beside, is also fantastic. 

If you consider yourself a fan of Chinese food, this is an Edinburgh MUST. Even if you end up thinking it's not worth the journey (30-40 minutes on bus from town), you've got to go and try it. Go fill your bags with Chinese groceries and reward the work with a Dim Sum feast.
"Fantastic Dim Sum"

Reviewed 9 March 2014 via mobile

We went for dim sum today (Sunday) and it didn't disappoint! It was hoachin' with Chinese and Scots having family time, creating a fantastic atmosphere.
we opted for a selection of 6 dim sum (between 2), washed down with Chinese tea. All great value at 3.50 to 4 each. And I'm telling you I'm stuffed!!! We have dim sum a couple of times a month and it competes with the best in Glasgow, Manchester, London and will give you a feel for authentic Hong Kong Dim Sum.
The service wasn't too shabby either with polite prompt service even though they were extremely busy. 
We'll be back through from Glasgow soon :)

Visited March 2014
4 of 5 stars Value
5 of 5 stars Atmosphere
4 of 5 stars Service
4 of 5 stars Food
I'll be honest, it wasn't the best place I've ever been! I found the decor inside and out a bit garish, the food a bit bland and the staff a bit miserable, the highlight of my experience was the huge fish in the fish tank! 
I don't think I'll be returning any time soon, Sorry for the negative comment but it was a big disappointment for me.
I was surprised how busy this restaurant was on opening day, considering they had no signage saying they were open.

Anyway, this location has housed many Asian restaurants.  Hopefully East Ocean lasts a little longer.

I went in for lunch ordered 7 plates and paid $30 including tips.  The lunch selection wasn't huge, but their printed menu showed that they would have a very good selection for dinner and on the weekends.

I had:
Pork Siu Mai - flavorful without any wierd bits inside
Shrimp with Rice Noodle - the first plate was perfect, the second plate was a little dry, I think it had been in the steam cart for a while.
Chive and Shrimp Dumplings - Beautiful and delicate
Shrimp Har Gow - well prepared and fresh out of the steamer
Beef Short Ribs - a little too bony for my taste but an excellent flavor
Eggplant stuffed with shrimp - a huge portion, perfectly fried

They also had the normal selection of porridges, chicken feet, and sweets.  As noted by the table near me, they didn't have many vegetable options except chinese broccoli.   But again the menu shows that they have more that just wasn't available for lunch on a Thursday.

Everything was delivered hot, well prepared, and flavorful.  I definitely look forward to going again

Oh and did I mention it was clean, easy to get the attention of the servers and spacious?  I know it was opening day, but my big pet peeve is dim sum places that are dark and dirty (I'm looking at you Cathay House and Orchid!).
Wife and I visited for dim sum today, second day after the Aug. 25 soft opening reviewed by Lydia S. Dim sum menu, served from 10 am to 5 pm, shows a rotating menu of more than 80 selections, perhaps 30 of which appear to be available on a given day. We stuffed ourselves for total of $40.

Dim sum were great, especially considering that those in the area don't have to travel to the west side for these delicacies. We had chicken feet, baked bbq pork bun, several types of shu mai, steamed turnip cake, tasty little spare ribs, several types of dumplings, etc. A couople of dishes were a bit bland, but that's not a black mark as far as I'm concerned.

Not available during this visit: spring rolls, potstickers, char siu bao.

Dim sum carts are plentiful and circulate constantly. They have a large staff, at least for the opening, and tables are cleared constantly. Ordering iced tea, I was surprised that they had only pre-sweetened iced tea, not acceptable for this diabetic. They brewed me hot tea and served it over ice to address the problem, and I told them they need to have unsweetened iced tea readily available.

Unlike most dim sum places in the Chinatown area, obstructions on the floor had been removed so that it is now completely open for at least 200 diners, reminding me of the dim sum palaces I patronized while living in Taiwan.

There is also an extensive, authentic non-dim sum menu to order from.

Despite the unpublicized opening, the place was three-quarters full, and at least 75 percent of those were of Asian origin, always a good sign I think. After several previous failures at this location, including Makino and Roma Grill, this dim sum "palace" may be the one that hits it out of the park.
I've been waiting for this to open for a while - finally real Chinese food in the green valley area. Unfortunately their dim sum was a huge disappointment. 

We went around 11am on a Saturday. Decent sized menu but not a great selection of dim sum. We just got siu mai, hargow, char siu bao, shrimp w rice noodle, and some mushroom thing - think it was mushroom caps stuffed with pork and baked. 

Most of it was mediocre, but the hargow and shrimp rice noodle may have been made from spoiled shrimp. They were pretty small and had an off sour taste. Both dishes are basically just shrimp and rice noodles so the sour flavor couldn't have been anything but the shrimp. Fingers crossed that none of us get sick. 

The fried rice was pretty good, if a little pricey at $9. It had great curry flavor, not spicy but with a little bit of a kick. The egg was cooked all the way thru so there was no yolk to mix up with the rice, but I still liked it. 

I'm happy to have an option when I just don't feel like driving to Chinatown, but I definitely won't get their dim sum again. A huge pet peeve for me at Asian restaurants is places that don't mention that they charge for things that are generally free - rice or tea. I don't know anywhere else In town that charges for tea, but fyi its $2.50 for a pot here.
Went today for dim sum. Service was very bad and the food was worse then fair. The same dim sum carts with the same 8 items keep going by had 4 items but wanted to try other things but was none others to choose from after waiting for 30 min. we finally said enough of this and tryed to pay the bill but they charged us for too many plates and for tea that none of us had it took another 25 min. to fix that. Finally out of there mad and still starving we  headed to sping mountain and had a great meal. Will never go back.
Glad to have "dim sum" on this side of town instead of having to drive all the way to Chinatown.  I believe the owner runs the Chang's restaurant on Decatur so he definitely has some experience under his belt.  

We ordered:  Siew Mai (a little bit chewy for me... I'm afraid to ask what else is in the stuffing besides pork... yikes!), har gow (shrimp was good but the dumplings must have been in the steamer too long because the wrappers on the bottom were all torned up), Feng Zhao (a.k.a. phoenix claws or chicken feet -- good sauce/quite tasty), tripe (yummy ginger sauce), Tan tart (custard tart-- yum!) and Lo Mai Gai (Lotus Leaf Wraps)... which I thought was the best of all the dishes.  The wrap came in a smaller size than what you would expect but it was stuffed with mushroom and shredded chicken.  

Service here is a notch better than what you'd get in Chinatown.  Server Ray was exceptional as he was very attentive -- unlike some of the others ... we would ask them for more napkins or hot sauces; they would nod like they understood -- but never came back to check on us, except for our "buddy" Ray.  It wasn't a language barrier either as I spoke Cantonese to them.  :-)

Anyway... I gave East Ocean a 3-star because quite frankly, this is "as good as it gets" here in Vegas.  I'm still in search of a quality dim sum place in this town so if anyone knows of one -- please do tell! (sigh)
***Strongly suggest reading before you go here!!!

My review today is solely based on the food and not the service because... what do you expect? You're in a Chinese restaurant surrounded by Mandarin speaking employees who even talk to you in Chinese... to me as long as the food is good you can talk to me in any language you want!


If you have been to Chang's Dim Sum on Tropicana and Decatur, you will love this place. Why? Because its the same chef, manager, servers, and exactly same menu!!! And I've always been a fan of their dim sum!!!

I went here this afternoon (Sunday) with my sister. It was their third or fourth day they were open and it was already packed. Since its still their 'soft' opening, they still have some kinks to work out so I knew not to go in with any expectations.... 

The food is so flavorful, the dumplings are so juicy, especially the seafood/ shrimp one. The BBQ pork buns are so moist with the perfect combination of meat and bread. Chow fun noodles (Dry), dim sum rolled chow fun noodles (dry), and Chinese broccoli was your standard dish that I recommend most people to order because you really can go wrong with soft rice noodles and fresh greens tossed in a fire hot wok with all the spices :)  My sister and I also ordered the spare ribs- Chinese dim sum style spare ribs are a bit greasy so be prepared to drink a lot of hot tea to balance it out. If you are adventurous or if you have alot of wrinkles on your face, try the chicken feet braised with sugar, soy, chilies, and jalapenos. If it's your first time, try to get over the 'chicken feet' look and take a bite, its sooo good. And because it has so much collagen packed inside, Chinese/ Korean people say its good for your wrinkles lol!!! 

My sister and I purposely ordered a ton of food so we can try everything and take it home. 

A tip I told the couple next to us and anyone else is... 1) its packed and busy so it might take a while for the waiter to take and bring out your drink order 2)once the dim sum cart comes try to take everything you would like to get because that same cart wont come back for a while as it has to make its way around the store 3)if you dont know what your looking at, but it looks and smells good just TRY IT!! Trust me asking the servers who only speak mandarin and asking them will get them irritated cause there are sooo much different dishes to explain, not just one lol 4)go in without any expectations that way, I'm sure you will be surprised!!!
It's average Chinese food. I mean how can you go wrong with fried rice and pan fried noodles?! Well, I guess it's possible. 

I was ecstatic to hear that there is going to be a real authentic Chinese restaurant in green valley! Came here for my bfs moms bday for party of 10. 

We ordered:
-eggrolls: came with 3 different sauces, sweet and sour sauce, yellow mustard, and hot chili
-Peking duck: the skin in the bun was so good! Not too gamey
-war wonton soup: hearty
-beef fried rice
-shrimp fried rice
-hong kong style beef pan fried noodle
-salt and pepper shrimp: one of the best I've had
-salt and pepper porkchop
-Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce: really big broccolis lol

The portions were generous and worth the money. The reason why it got brought down to 3 stars is because of it's service. 1) I understand that the servers are encouraged to upsell (I've worked at a numerous restaurants before) but our server was pressuring us!
2) they totally forgot one of our entrees, salt and pepper porkchop, after being reminded several times
3) we had to keep asking for refills for water&tea, and the restaurant wasn't busy at the time we were there. 

I do want to try their dim sum for lunch, so impress me for my next visit please so I can save my gas from driving to Chinatown. :)
This review covers the dim sum only.  Upon walking into the restaurant, expectations were high since the decor is notably more modern than the usual Chinese restaurant ambience and currently residing in Henderson, I was optimistic towards the prospect of a decent dim sum joint without having to make the trek towards Spring Mountain.  From start to finish, I'd have to say the quality of the dim sum was consistently meh.  My mom, dad, and sister joined me and I found it problematic that each dish had some undeniable flaw that found all four of us consistently in unanimous agreement.   

Temperature: a marker of good quality (and signs of active turnover) is how hot the dishes are when they arrive at your table.  Virtually every dish was room temperature on arrival, and even after we requested a fresh one or that they reheat a dish, it came back lukewarm at best.  

Texture: The daikon cakes were gelatinous and missing the crispy edges, the long flat rice noodle filled with shrimp were overcooked, and the shrimp dumplings (the benchmark for dim sum) had skins that were gummy.  Even the salt and pepper squid (pretty much a staple at any Chinese restaurant) was coated in a dark brown batter that resembled the KFC extra crispy batter rather than the air-y tempura batter that barely coats the the natural contours of the squid pieces.

Service: My sister and I had a recent discussion regarding the rise of Korean and Japanese cuisine in the states and the relative stagnation of Chinese food.  One of the things which are done well in the former two is service and it's almost an anticipated assumption that any decent Chinese restaurant will have either rude servers or mismatched silverware/plates since as a cultural whole, neatness and courtesy are not heavily emphasized as you would normally expect when walking into a Korean/Japanese restaurant.  Folks here seem apathetic and inattentive, which is all the more surprisingly considering the grand opening was within the past few weeks.

My mother, who usually can be quite forgiving towards Chinese food, summed it up best (paraphrased from Chinese):

"If our friends ever invite us to this place, I will probably have to make up some excuse for our unavailability so as to avoid coming back"

There's dim sum, and then some....and this is definitely the latter.
Not as impressed as I was hoping it to be. The thought of dim sum in Henderson was thrilling, but the food was lackluster. Part of it was my fault for not getting over there during prime dim sum time, but serving the tail end at these expensive prices was ridiculous. 

Between a friend and I, we got ten dishes. The usual suspects of har gow, shu mai, and chicken feet are a staple of every visit to a dim sum joint. By far, my favorite out of these were the chicken feet. There wasn't anything wrong flavor wise with the other two, but they were lukewarm and the wrappers were dried out. I also ordered some intestines and watched as they went from room temperature to congealed within 10-15 minutes. The XO noodles were dry and flavorless. Rolling them around in the chili sauce helped, but they sank like a rock in my stomach. Could explain the indigestion I was experiencing throughout the rest of the day. Then the shrimp noodles were alright in texture, but the sauce was watered down and didn't contribute much to the dish. The gai lan was a bright green color and crisp. As much as you can ask for with a blanched vegetable dish. With the limited selection of dishes, we ended up ordering potstickers and seaweed salad. The sad part was that the latter of the two dishes was probably my favorite of the whole meal. On our last attempt, we got the taro cakes. When I bit into one, it was cold. This surprised me because it was not on the cart during the first, second, or third passing. I had assumed it had came out fresh from the kitchen, but it had came out of the frying pan and sat there for at least half an hour to an hour.

The service was not bad. The people were quick to attend to us. We got approached by three different people for drink orders. The lack of ability to communicate was a hindrance, but they were attentive. The ladies pushing the carts were friendly and kept trying to explain what they had. 

They do not have the dried chili in oil which is one of my favorite parts of dim sum. For two people, we ended up paying $45 dollars before tip. Usually this amount is enough to feed three of us, more dishes being ordered, and we all end up satisfied.
OK, you have to try this place even with a three rating. This place will be a four or five soon.....this place is the real deal.

1.  My kids - normally picky eaters, they liked everything.

2.  The parking - Easy enough. In a strip mall.

3.  The ambiance - Nice, big, friendly. plenty of room, clean and everything works.

4.  The service - Nice and friendly. Being that I myself am Chinese and grew up in San Francisco, I am used to more business like service which some interpret as rude. People here were well trained to be nice and friendly.

5.  The food - OK, everything is pretty good. We had:

a.  Port Siu Mai
b.  Steamed Spare Ribs
c.  Steamed Chicken Feet
d.  Chicken w/ Black Mushroom
e.  Beef w/ Rice Noodle
f.   Special Chow Fun

We had quite a few plates of each of these.  Here is the dealio - If you get it fresh on the tray right out of the kitchen, it is as good as it gets. If you get it when there is little traffic and the stuff is "sitting", then the temperature is not great and the taste is a bit not the same.

Now, I often buy a bunch of dim sum , freeze it and eat it from the fridge, so I am much more flexible in my taste. 

6.  Final comments - If this place gathers a large following, the food will continue to be rated higher as it is already good, and it is the traffic and inability to keep the dim sum hot during slow traffic that is the issue.

Check this place out. Be flexible. Hey, they got clean restrooms.  Odd for an authentic Chinese Restaurant.
Wanted to really like this place since it's around the corner from my house so I don't have to drive down to Chinatown for decent Chinese food.  Sorry no such luck.  Don't waste your money but mostly don't waste your time.  Took my mom to have dinner with my brother.  Ordered fresh "swimming" fish and four other dishes.  The fish came out after 30 minutes which is as expected because it's steamed.  Problem was, the other dishes never arrived.  15 minutes after that, one other dish came out.  By now, the rice was cold and we tried to save part of the fish to eat with the other family style items so that was cold too.  One hour into the meal, our third dish showed up.  We were somewhat full because of the delay and decided to cancel the other 2 dishes.  The waitress in her attempt to make a funny said "Well, at least you saved money" at which point my brother who was feeding off of my annoyance said, "We bring our mom to EAT dinner, not to save money (the fresh fish was already $60+)."  FYI, the well decorated restaurant was NOT busy with only about 7 tables.  The food we did eat was mediocre at best and on the bland side.  The service was as expected in a Chinese restaurant...the poor review mainly reflects the fact they couldn't serve out the food.  When we inquired as to the delay, the waitress said "They were busy" but when we looked around the half empty restaurant questioningly, she finally admitted that the big table next to us was the other wok chef who was celebrating his birthday so he asked for the night off...on Saturday, leaving only one chef to cook for the rather large restaurant.  Not a good impression for a restaurant that just opened...
We are so excited there is a dim sum place by our house.  We went for dim sum on a Sunday around 10:30 (when it starts) and dinner later that week.  They are the same owners as Chang's on Decatur and Tropicana so the prices are good and the food is awesome.

They offer dim sum everyday from 10:30 to 3:30 (or so).  If you want lots of choices and their peak you shouldn't go towards the end like I read on a previous review.  

We took my father-in-law who was born in Hong Kong and lives in Edmonton.  Let me just preface and say he is VERY picky.  He thought the food was better than places in Edmonton (where they have a large chinese community) and personally thanked the waiter (which I have never seen!).

Bottom line - love that its close and that we can get authentic Cantonese Chinese food and DIM SUM! so close to home.  I hope they stay there!
As an update, this place is very nice.

1.  I went there at 11:30 am on a Saturday and it was a bit more crowded, so the food was fast flowing and therefore:

a.  Food Quality - Taste was great.
b.  Temperature - The temperature of the food was perfect.
c.  Specials - Annie the lead waitress came by many times with the "specials" like the XO Chow Fun, or the Chinese Broccoli, or Roast Duck. Did not have to ask and the choices were great.
d.  Normal Dim Sum -  All the normals were plentiful, tasty and just right in my book.
e.  Service - excellent, quick and we must have been hungry as we were in and out of there in about 45 minutes after spending about 75.00 for 5 of us.

Check it OUT.  Definitely will go here instead of Chinatown when the Dim Sum bug hits...

I will probably hold a party here too when I need 2-3 tables for 20+ people to have a nice chinese meal!

GK
Dinner menu-- not bad for chinese restraurant near my area. The food serving was decent except for the salt and pepper calamari (I can count how many were there in the plate). The taste of the food is pretty good, it has a lot of flavors and aroma. The price of the food is a little expensive but you don't have to drive all the way to chinatown to eat decent chinese food. I would come to this place again!
It was kind of sad to see Roma Grill close, but I was very excited to see a dim sum  restaurant taking its place. Did this mean I can enjoy dim sum more often without having to drive so far?? Unfortunately for me, the answer is no...

My sister and I dropped in on this place one Saturday afternoon. The place is huge and most of the tables were occupied. But I don't think it was busy enough for the overturn of food to keep it hot and fresh. *THAT* was my biggest gripe about this place. The food overall was pretty good and they had a good selection of items (which is probably why I gave it a 3 instead of 2). But all the food was COLD. We chose a plate of chow mein noodles off the cart and the young lady offered to heat it up for us. At first I was taken aback. I appreciate her offering to heat it up, but it made me wonder how long it had been sitting on the cart. At first I thought maybe it was just us, but the table next to us was also harassing the same poor girl about all the food being cold.

One other thing I didn't like, there was a great inconsistency with the route of the carts. Since the restaurant is a big open space, you can see where certain carts are traveling. Several times, the same people would pass by the same section of tables and completely skip our side. Not just once. But several times. And they were carrying a completely different selection of food compared to the carts that actually did pass by us.

I would have given this place 2 stars, but the food is good. They just need to work out the kinks.
My husband and I went here for the first time with 2 of our 3 children. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and seated. The service was really good and they were so friendly to my kids. Not your typical dim sum service where all they care about is giving you your dish. My husband doesn't care for dim sum so he just went for me, but ended up really enjoying it here.  I also love the fact that its located on this side of town. The prices were absolutely fare for how much we ate. Everything we got was yummy. I give this place 5 stars because every part of my visit here was to my satisfaction. Definitely going back.
I'm giving this one 4 stars instead of 5 only because the service was chaotic, however there is a  good reason and I'm about to tell you what it is.
 Let me give you the upside of this restaurant first:
The food is absolutely delicious.  I'm a fan of Asian food and have been for a long time.  Last night I took a party of 16 here and we were all seated at a large table for 15 but squeezed another chair in with no problem.  I like that they have large tables for 6, 8, 12, and 16.  We were all able to talk to each other.  

My husband and I always went to Chang's other Dim Sum restaurant for lunch so I had no idea that Dim Sum is served only as a light meal at lunchtime and was surprised when I spoke to the manager on the phone at 2 P.M. yesterday only to discover that there would be no Dim Sum at our 5 P.M reservation.  Apparently it's made at 11 A.M. and not again that day.   No matter,the regular menu is huge but I wanted my friends to taste Dim Sum for the first time.

When we arrived the manager told me that he made a special Dim Sum selection for us!  Two carts loaded with several different dishes.   What a nice piece of P.R. work and a thoughtful thing to do.  Little did he realize that we would also order dinners with our Dim Sum being the appetizer.   We all won on this one.  Everything on the carts was fresh, hot, plentiful and delicious.    The baos were scrumptous.

The Pork Szechuan with Garlic Sauce, the Mongolian Beef, the Moo Shi Pork, the Salt and Pepper Shrimp ohhhh yesss,  and the Chicken with Walnuts were all outstanding.    This place serves the best Wor Won Ton soup I've ever had and this being my favorite soup is one I've been eating for 30 years.   Loaded with veggies, shrimp, chicken, pork and real straw mushrooms I give this 5 stars alone.

On the downside:
There is no alcohol served here so we couldn't order beer or wine as we usually do.  Hopefully that will come soon.
The service is spotty even though we made compensation for the fact that we had 16 elderly women, most of whom had never heard of Dim Sum let alone eaten it.   The cart was unable to come around the table so we had to get  up and look for ourselves and have someone explain what each item was.   That was confusing, but not their fault.  
There is no Dim Sum menu which would have made everything so clear as to what was in each "bundle."  EODSS has been open long enough to have a menu ready and no menu online is a bummer. 
 We had to ask for water for half of the table several times.   Even though the dishes we wanted were there on the cart, it took forever to get them to us and the waitresses looked harried and confused.   They really need to get their act together if they're going to accomodate a large crowd.   
But in all fairness,  if you go with 4 or 6 people you should not have the problems we did.  The food is so good (everyone loved their selection and would come back again) so go for the food and take your chance on the service.   

 The manager (I'm sorry I forgot his name, shame on me)  comped my dinner because I brought so many first timers in and I really thought that was a class act.  But that's not why I'll return; I'll return because the food is so good and the Dim Sum, if you get it fresh, was awesome and I'm so glad they're now on MY side of town.
We moved to Sun City Anthem from Buffalo, New York recently. We used to drive to Toronto and enjoy the Dim Sum lunch. We are so glad that we found the East Ocean Dim Sum restaurant in Henderson. The Dim Sum dishes are delicious, fresh, and hot. When we chatted with the manager and mentioned about the review in yelp web site, he told us that they are getting used to the new food carrying carts and the food can be kept fresh and hot well now. So, we would give it a five star rating. We will return and enjoy the good food soon.
I was excited to try this place since I enjoy going to Chang's for dim sum. Our experience started off good... My husband and I were seated right away even though it was a busy Sunday morning. The restaurant has a nice open layout. Then it was all downhill from there.

The tables are too close together and it's impossible for someone to walk by if there are carts in the walkway. We started off with some chow mein and roasted duck since the dim sum cart hadn't come by yet. Then roasted duck was cold, and when we asked the waitress if they could heat it up, she said that's how it's supposed to be served. Ookay... we let that go.

The dim sum carts finally came by and the selection was not nearly as much as Chang's. We were sad to not see any of our usual favorites. It seemed like the same three carts kept coming by.

What ticked me off more than the food was the service. We asked two people for water and finally got it after about half an hour. We had to flag down a waiter for our check.Two other tables near us were also complaining about not getting their check.  After waiting for about 15 minutes, my husband decided to go up to the cashier and ask if he could just pay up there. At first, the cashier said that he had to wait at the table for the check. Really?? We just wanted to pay. After more argument, the cashier let my husband pay. My husband checked the bill and saw that we were overcharged. He informed the cashier and the cashier said he would fix it, but when my husband checked the bill again it still wasn't corrected! So he just took the difference off of the tip.

Horrible customer service and mediocre food = me never going back.
I'm from California so I know my dim sum. The dim sum here is hit or miss, the quality is comparable to orchid garden (at its best) but not better than Ping Pang Pong. Despite the bad reviews and low score, the place seems to be always packed. 

I have to give it props for a few things: better customer service (some actual English speaking waiters/waitresses), the place is spacious and clean (this is a big deal since most Chinese restaurants in Vegas lack this), also the food is decent. 

The big flaw they have is their check tendering process. This is always the worst part of the experience. Of all the several times I've been there, once we ask for the check, it gets lost in the abyss of no return. You could wait a whole half an hour for your bill to return, but no one would bring it. Even if you get up and go to the cashier to pay, there's always a long line. Obviously there's something wrong with their process.

Overall I would definitely come back here, since this is the only place with   that actually looks like what it should be. I hope they fix their flaws and improve their food quality in the future. It's nice to have a Chinese restaurant in this area.
Mediocre dim sum but one of the only places on the east side of town. Nicer atmosphere than some of the dim sum places in town.  If you are having a mid-day har gow craving.  It will fit the bill.
We have heard good things about this place and so we gave it a try. The entrees off the cart are "well traveled" and a little worse for the wear. The dim sum carts are nice and steamy though. There are so many dumpling choices! (A few scary choices) like the chicken's feet. We also ordered a few entrees from the kitchen. The food was okay and the service was okay too. Some of our dishes were a bit cold but all in all we plan to go back.
The first time I came here, it almost turned me off to the point of never wanting to step foot into this place again. A few months later, one of my best friend's mom wanted to do dim sum here and I had agreed to come with the hopes that they had worked out the kinks in their yum cha offerings.

We came here on a Tuesday and was shocked by the bustling crowd. Good sign that they the food was getting better and the turn over for fresh food would be quicker. A group of seven gorged ourselves silly. The selection has exponentially grown as well. We had ordered 10 different dishes that was not an option the last time we visited and even avoided most of the ones from the previous experience. The chicken feet are still high on my list. This time it was joined by a few more items. 

If there is a complaint, I just wish that they would improve on their desserts. The egg tarts are too loose and crumbled when I picked it up. If not for my cat like reflexes I would have had an embarrassing stain on the front of my trousers. The red bean sesame balls were quite thick and doughy. Pushed an already filling meal into uncomfortable territory.
Bad attitude waiters, everyone seems to be half awake, unable to understand English, I spoke to them and it seemed like they didn't understand...

The food is ok, I enjoyed the pepper beef, but besides that, the beer battered fish with jalapeno uses bad batter, it gets soft after 5 minutes... The lobster is good but fresh seafood is always good.... Everything else I took a taste and put it down....

Truth I would of left this restaurant already just due to the attitude and the service, when a customer says the coke is flat, don't argue or give you two cent half assed opinion about how it's not, waiting to review the food, if my father did not know the chef here and was asked to try the restaurant out, it's not even worth my gas...
It was a nice change of peace.  


Went out to have a nice dinner with the family.  Turned out we will be coming back for Dim Sum.  The dinner menu that they have is very flavorful and they do take walk-ins and around 5:30 - 6 pm they are not really packed for service.  This is nice.  You walk in a get a table and hot tea.  Ok so service was on point from the start.  The owner is walking around making sure that everything is to your liking.  That is nice.  Most restaurants you have to hunt down the Manager.  The first course arrived.  Pot stickers and crispy shrimp balls.  Very tasty and the sauce that comes with both are a little different but still good.  Then the main course comes out family style which are very nice when you want to try everything.  We ordered the Rock Cod with Baby Bok Choy, Curry Fried Rice (with a fried egg and an eggroll), Chicken with schezwan sauce (needed more chicken), and honey walnut shrimp.  Needless to say all this for only 60 bucks is not a bad upscale Chinese food.  

Overall -

Service - nice and friendly
Food - Flavorful and good portions
Quality - Not to bad - decent
Price - Average for upscale restaurant

 
This is a formal restaurant with proper Chinese table service.  

Would I go Back -    Yes
If you're in the mood for dim sum and don't feel like driving to the west side of town then you're in luck. East Ocean's food is as good and varied as any of the other dim sum places in town. 

Frankly, it's not FANTASTIC, but it definitely hits the spot. The service is typical for a Chinese restaurant and the prices are reasonable.
This is really good chinese food especially for the east side of town finally i dont have to go all the way to china town for good food!! prices are reasonable and staff is friendly. decor is nicer than typical chinese joint. feels more high class but not high class pricing. highly reccomended
I love the choice selections on dim sum here, as well as the freshness of the food. Dim sum runs from 10:30 am- 4:30 pm. I love the fact that this place doesn't get heavy traffic on most days. Other dim sum places I've been too takes time, and is always busy with people. I mean I guess that's the vibe that any dim sum place should have. 

Pork buns are amazing! Shu mai, har gow, shrimp rice roll, and egg custard are good as well. Big portions for dim sum, and the shrimp with the honey mayo sauce is awesome! For two big plates listed in Group A, and a few Group Bs and Cs, we managed to burn a $42 hole in our pocket for TWO. But, that's us though, being the vultures that we truly are. I'd assume average tab for two would run about $30. Also, if you ay cash you get a 5% discount. 

Only thing I wonder is if the interior is having a midlife crisis. So it seems it was going for a more westernized and modern look, with touch of traditional Asian flavor. But! as long as the place is clean, then it's all good with me!!! :)
Here's our newest dim sum find in Vegas and they were suprisingly delicious!  Our go to used to be Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast because it was the best among mediocre Vegas dim sum.  Now East Ocean Dim Sum, a gem over in Henderson, is the much better option.  Textures were chewy when it was supposed to be chewy, crunchy when supposed to be crunchy and mmmmmmm flaky and buttery when supposed to be flaky...... mmmmmmm

It offers the surprisingly tasty dim sum, helpful staff in a large and seemingly clean restaurant, AND the bonus is that it is smoke free.

Conclusion:  It is a 30 minute drive across town for me, but I will travel to eat.
THEY SERVE SHARK FIN SOUP :-(

I was so happy to see that I have Dim Sum on my side of town.  But, when I went by for lunch and got a menu I was dissappointed to see that they serve SHARK FIN SOUP :-(

Tip: They have take-out, but in order to use your Debit/Credit it is a minimum purchase of $20.  If you going to take-out, go in with a couple people.
NOTE: Ha Ha: This place made ROTD the day after I wrote this. Talk about irony. This is a real Screw you to me, but it does draw attention to the disregard that people place on this issue. 

WARNING: This place sells shark fin soup. So if you have an ethical repulsion to the wanton and destructive wholesale mutilation and slaughter of sharks DO NOT EAT HERE. I, personally, thought it was illegal, but I guess not...

Let me preface this review with the statement that since I saw many people of seemingly Asian persuasion, I figured that it was an indicator of some quality to this establishment. 

Well THAT was a dreadful mistake! 

Upon entering the place looks huge and vacant except for some generic banners of average looking fare adorning this high ceilings. It resembled a cross between a high tech ballroom and a prison cafeteria. There were HUGE tables with a smattering of people.

And it felt rather chilly. Well I guess it should because the front door let this massive draft of air in. The thin, bored looking waif of a girl at the front wearing what amounted to a parka should have been my first clue! She tried to seat us in the front, in the draft, since nobody else was sitting there. Well, Duh!

So she moved us to a Gigantor sized table by the kitchen and sat us together to huddle as we were dodging hectic employees. The table was round and we were placed next to each other and angled awkwardly, bunched up into the slurping patrons at the table behind us.

So we promptly picked up our menus and moved to a side table. Unfortunately it looked like that scene from Animal House where John Belushi did his exploding pimple impersonation. There was rice all over the floor and tables and it looked like it was a crime scene from an explosion in a rice factory. None of the small tables had clothes, but they did have many a smattering of rice confetti. There were even clumps of it in piles.

We sat down with some hesitation and the server came over and spilled/poured a watery concoction that I believe was masquerading as tea. 

Let's stop here: I hate poor seating, poor service, and left over messes that haven't been properly cleaned up. This place has it in spades. Then I get this look of utter horror as both my wife and I glance at the bottom of the first page of the menu and see SHARK FIN SOUP in several varieties no less. 

Needless to say we get up and to the horror of two female servers and a male server, Walk the Hell Out! They came walking up looking expectantly and I waived them off.  ( At least I didn't flip them off ).

I expressed the why of my goodbye to the girl up front. We don't condone a place that serves up shark fin anything. But she was too busy shivering and looking bored to seemingly care.

That's my story and I'm sticking to it. I only hope that at least one person decides not to eat here in response to the inhumane practice of serving shark fin soup.

The image of a kitchen worker sucking on a cigarette out back was a fitting image on which to remember this place. Kind of fitting, don't you think?
Ate here with my pops and bro. This place was a-ok, nothing out of the ordinary for dim sum. My dad met up with his friends from medical school, who live in Henderson. They said this place is usually packed. I think the only reason it wasn't packed was because we went on Super Bowl Sunday. BBQ pork bun was yummers as were the noodles. 

Would I visit again? Maybe.
We missed the Dim Sum. So we just ordered separate dishes to share. They didn't have cake noodles. But the crispy noodles were close enough. I say that was the best of all the dishes. On a 10-best scale, it was a 6-1/2. The second best thing we tried was the salt/pepper fried pork chops. But, there's definitely better at other restaurants in town. Never ordering the orange chicken and mayo walnut shrimp ever again.... Sure, the venue was convenient to my home. But, I would've been much more satisfied making a 30-40 minute round-trip commute to any other restaurant on Spring Mountain, or to Diamond China.
We tried East Ocean this past weekend for our 3rd time and once again another strike. Strike 3 and they are OUT.   By noon the floors were disgusting, noticed that when they clear the tables they use a dirty towel and wipe excess food from the table right onto the floor. The floors were very slippery from the greasy foods. The service is pathetic, after 10 minutes we had to ask for hot tea, water and other drinks. Waiter seemed mad that we bothered him. When asked for certain dimsum they put the food on the table and then we had to ask them to add the sauces that come standard with certain dishes. We had our own notepad and kept count of how many orders we had, this time because the 2 prior times we thought we were overcharged. Sure enough when we we finished we noticed 2 extra stamps on the most expensive dimsum items at $6.95 each.  We had to wait another 10 minutes for "the manager", he actually laughed at us for saying they overcharged us. He said we must have miscounted.   We had a party of 7 people,  5 asian (non chinese) and 2 caucasians, we will be telling everyone how this place steals from customers.
I finally had a craving for Dim Sum and this place fulfilled my craving! I had ordered to go and after my semi long walk there and back I was ready for some yummy food.

I had ordered the usuals, hai gao and shu mai. I also ordered the sticky rice wrapped in banana leaf (law mi guy) and I ordered the Seafood XO Chow Fun.

Hai Gao and Shu Mai were winners, big, plumpy and juicy. I didn't care for the sticky rice so much. The chow fun was delish! Lots of seafood, scallops, shrimp, fish and calamari. All of this for one person...for 23 bucks. Not bad at all since it fed me twice and fed the hubby once....

Take out service was efficient and when ordering they have someone that speaks English too so don't feel intimidated. Overall, I give it two thumbs up for their take out. =)
Ok, I'm determined to eat here until it comes up to at least a 3.5 star for me due to the close proximity to my house.

1st visit was for dinner and garnered a 1 star for lack of service and lack of food, literally (see my original review).

2nd visit was again a 1 star (though I did not find the time to write another bad review), this time for dim sum. Everything was cold and tasted like frozen quality dim sum.

Now 3rd time, again for dim sum. Getting better. Selections were at least the right temperature. Note: my mom and I were extremely hungry so may have clouded our judgments, but I'm ok to at least give it a 2 star.

PLUS the ladies pushing the carts are the most pleasant ladies I've ever encountered at a dim sum restaurant. If you eat dim sum a lot, you will know what I mean when I say I suspect most places pay based on commission of getting rid of the food in their cart or that the ladies actually HATE their job. Not here, the ladies were friendly and went out of their way to get us dishes from other carts!!
Not a bad spot if you're on that side of town looking for a decent dim sum fix.  They have plenty of seating and stellar service.  Be advised that they have a credit/ debit minimum that can really throw your dining party off if you don't pay attention to the tiny sign.

As for the grub - Char Siu Bao, Beef/ Shrimp Cheung fun, Lo Mai Gai and Shu Mai are always filling and Don Tot and Sesame Seed Balls for dessert!
Place is nice...modern look, clean.  

Auntie said that the food is bland. It is like a hit or miss. She said that the cooking is short in spices.  

Phoenix Talons had curry sauce.  I didn't care for it.  Shu Mai and Har Gar was tasty.
The servers were good.  They were attentive.

I like that we didn't have to drive far to China Town. It's a good place to go to if you live in Henderson/GV area.  It is convenient.  It will satisfy your dimsum cravings.  :o)
I really do like this place a lot mainly because it's just down the street from my house! Woohoo!! Finally, I can get my dim sum on without having to drive to China town or West Sahara (Orchid Garden). Overall, food is pretty solid and service is on par for a dim sum. 

Some of my favorite dishes include: the sesame balls with red bean, the calamari, shrimp noodle.... and pretty much everything else on the menu. Yes... I am a fatty :) While it may not compare to the dim sum restaurants that go by the name of Orchid Garden or Chang's but it does hold its own.
This place is Awesome! It beats any dim sum place in Vegas hands down. They are fast, cheap , tasty food, great assortment and great location (off the strip) . My hubby and I have been here many times since there opening and we are always so happy with our meals. The cart pushers are not too pushy and they know and explain what you are choosing. Also they suggest what sauces are great for the dish. Carmen was our server for the last few times and she is great! The rest manager , Frank sometimes does his rounds around the restaurant and greets people and asks how their meal is. The environment is nice. Its a big spacious place and lots of food to choose from. With Green tea and lunch for two ( 5-7 plates) you will spend about $35 for two. That's a great deal!  Go check out this place ..its awesome!
Finally a good dim sum place in Las Vegas! This reminds me of all of the great ones in Southern California. The food is always consistent, hot and fresh. The restaurant also gets another thumbs up for being in Henderson, it's only a short drive away to satisfy my dim sum cravings!
I first heard about this place from a friend and she kept posting up pictures of food that looked very delicious so I had to come and try it out for myself. Being in the parking lot, I was already a little impressed because of how busy it was outside. However, when I went in, it wasn't that busy. Haha. We were seated very quickly and they fulfilled our request for a booth. 

The typical dim sum dining experience is that you are seated and there are a few ladies with food carts that come up to your table. They open the lids to their little pots and you just pick what you think will be good to eat. Be careful because they speak very minimal english, only enough to explain what the food is made of. Then they stamp your little paper stating what you had picked. So the more you pick, the more you pay! 

The thing that really annoyed me about this place was how pushy the food cart ladies were. I'm used to going to dim sum places where they just showcase what they have instead of just being really pushy about what I should eat. That was definitely a point down for me since they kept bringing out the wrong food as well. 

The second thing is that this place has decent dim sum but nothing extraordinary. The food wasn't as greasy as other dim sum places that I have tried. Just remember that they charge you for everything, the tea is $2. Haha. 

Since this place is closer to home and I dig the modern look, I will probably be coming here more often and making the occasional trek to treat myself at Cathay House. If you pay cash then you get 5% off of the total bill price. Dim sum is from 10:30A to 5:30P.
We enjoyed our evening at East Ocean.  The staff and management are professional and friendly, and the food is great.

We started with the best Hot and Sour soup I've ever had.  And the portion is enough for 4 people.

My wife had the Honey Walnut Shrimp with Broccoli.  A large portion.   At many restaurants the glaze is too thick, too creamy.  Not here.  Amazing but light flavor and very fresh shrimp that pop in your mouth.  The Broccoli was simple and steamed.  Melon would have been a great addition.

I had the Black Bean Scallops with Chili Sauce.  Also a large portion.  This dish was outstanding.  Fresh scallops with a not-to-spicy chili sauce.  One of my complaints of this dish in other restaurants is that you cannot taste the scallops.  East Ocean does a great job of balancing flavors.

Music was quite and appropriate.  The atmosphere was a bit unusual with the high ceilings, large open space and decorative "movie film" ribbon display on the wall, but by no means a negative.

Highly recommended and we'll visit again.

Note:  If you pass this area on South Eastern Avenue regularly you may have noticed this space has had a few restaurants open and close over the past few years.  I often hesitate to go to a new restaurant in such a space because it seems like they all fail there.  Give this one a chance like we did...I think you'll be happy.
Good solid dim sum in hendertucky/GV area.  I've dined here a number of times and have not been disappointed...Pretty much straight forward fare and the items items that the suburban-set avoid are also welcome...good tripe, excellant tendon, cripsy fish and they have jellyfish.  Roast Pork w/ crispy skin is also better than average (maybe they get it from Sam Woo?).  Basics like hargow, sui mei, etc are solid representatoins that are mostly as good as what you'd get in Chinatown...This is now my go-to place...saves me the trip out to Sping Mtn Road...One plus - the service here is a bit better than what you'd find in a typical chinatown dim sum joint - maybe playing to the area clientelle?...also, the Chef visited our table the last 2x we dined here - a nice touch that you almost never ever see in Chinatown or anywhere in town for that matter...

Oh...and for those that have downgraded this place due to the sharks fin soup...get a grip.  You live in a freakin desert and have bigger problems to worry about...so unless you ride a bike to work, eat a local/sustainable diet (not possible in the LV Valley) live off solar and reclaimed water give us all a break or move to berkeley...sharks fin soup is delicious.
Wasn't that impressed with first visit some months ago, but had a nice lunch today. They accommodated a table of 12 easily and with fast service. That's probably the best part about dim sum in general - having the food pretty much ready all the time. The downside is that you can be somewhat beholden to the food preferences of others. Unless you don't mind ordering an entire plate of something for yourself, of course. I didn't feel like that today, opting instead with an aggressive first-and-last-bite sniper approach.

Anyway, you don't need to hear my secrets, so here's the stuff you should know: the food was always hot and yummy. Not extremely great quality, but everything that I tasted was pretty good. Well, except the egg tart - that bad boy is ridiculous. I feel the plaques forming in my blood vessels already. I was also surprised by the Chinese-style meatball. I couldn't figure out what was going on at first, but I do believe there's quite a bit of cilantro flavor going on. It was also very tender, and for a first-time experience, it left me wanting more. Luckily, I think I got my fill after noticing that nobody at my table seemed to want to kill the meatballs. I was more than happy to oblige.

I gave it a second try, and I think I'll give East Ocean a third try and more. It's definitely a solid place for Henderson folks to chow down on dim sum.
I like this place it's close to home. Very comparable to spring mountain area. With Dim Sum ... when your hungry the food comes fast. I always forget to take photos before I eat at this place. I have not tried dinner here yet only dim sum. The place is always busy, service is ok to good. Trying to flag a waiter down for soda for the kids once was pain. The selection is basic too ... but i think i am jilted and comparing it to dim sum places in California. Also don't come here when your on a diet :)
if i can categorize this separately for food and service, food would get a 4, and service a 1.  let me explain...

imagine if you will, walking into a chinese restaurant that serves dim sum.  Typically, this is my experience.   I ask to place a to go order for dim sum.  the hostess will take my order.  I'll  pay. I'll sit in the waiting area. Since the food is cooked, someone will grab the dim sum and place in containers, bag it and give it to me. 10 mins - tops.  

Here, at East Ocean Dim Sum, they like to do things the uneasy, irrational, inconvenient and illogical way.  Instead of the scene I described for you, I was led to table in the corner, half hidden behind a family eating there for lunch.  The hostess instructed me to wait at the table, and the dim sum ladies will come to me. they came alright....only 4 times which includes 2 repeats. I asked the cashier if I can just place my order because no one was coming to me.  She said the waiter will come to take my order.  She was useless, sorry to say. And the waiter was useless because he or she never came.  so after 50 minutes.  50! of waiting at the corner table, i took that ticket, and brought it to that cashier.  She then said to me, " oh, you're to go?" as if she didn't see me there, not eating, with dim sum and boxes on my table.  Anyways, I paid, boxed up and left.  i didn't even say 'thank you', which is unlike me.  I really should've left after 15 mins, but i kept saying to myself that i would wait 10 more mins.  

The experience tainted any future desire to eat at this establishment.  buyer beware - never order dim sum TO GO.  call it in or dine in..or better yet - go to china town 

ps...well...their shiu mai and sticky buns are good.
**Summary**
       - Dim Sum - This is a review of my dim sum experience where they cart around the dishes of food. This usually only occurs during lunch.
       - Taste - With the exception of the hai gao (Shrimp dumplings) everything was pretty good.
       - Authentic - This is as authentic as you can get down to the old Asian ladies who speak no English pushing the cart.
       - Service - Unfortunately, due to its authenticity, the service will seem sub par compared to most American places. Pretty much, if you don't flag someone down, they won't check on you.
       - Prices - The bulk of your items will be Group B Items. Their Group B Item prices are $3.25 unlike the $2.75 at Chang's and other places. With that said, all the other items prices are within par if not cheaper.
       - Ordering - As the carts come around, you just point to what you want and they'll give it to you and mark a letter (A, B, C, D, etc) corresponding to price of that item.
       - Newbies - If this is your first Dim Sum experience, I'd stick to the safer shrimp items (Shrimp Rice Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mxMwo3zfJwVoCIayeNcA5w?select=PvtWU-UoVK2IPo3cr4nerA#gedf79LUUUUNNiA1ok5S5w), Hai Gao, etc) or common items (Shu Mai and buns). If you like that, you can be more daring on your subsequent visits.
       - Decor - The atmosphere is more open due to the high ceilings compared to most of the other dim sum places I've been to. It relieves the usual claustrophobic atmosphere I usually get.
       - My Favorite - My favorite dim sum dish has got to be the Shrimp Rice Roll. The sweet soy sauce they pour over it is just amazing.
**Price**
       - Hot Tea - $0.50/Person
       - Group A Items - Not sure. Didn't get any.
       - Group B Items - $3.25 - Most of the small plates
       - Group C Items - $3.95 - Can't remember what we ordered that was a C item.
       - Group D Items - $4.95 - Beef tripe stew
       - Group E Items - $6.50 - The large plates like those with Chinese broccoli or salt & pepper squid.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for Dim Sum and you're near the area. There are other dim sum places with the same food and slightly cheaper prices, but the decor at this place would tip me in its favor.
I was a bit skeptical in coming to dine at East Ocean Dim Sum, only because I come from Hawaii and Dim Sum there is LEGIT! haha.  I mean, if you are craving dim sum, is too lazy to drive out to Spring Mountain, and lives in Henderson, I'd advise you to get your fix at this restaurant!  

Was kind of amazed at the interior decor, it's really not your typical chinese restaurant milieu!  

The food was pretty good and the price was decent.  I went with two other of my Asian foodie friends and they both enjoyed it too!  They have all of your "essential" dim sum items like shumai, shrimp dumplings, and the mochi rice stuffed with chicken and wrapped in leaves (I don't know what any of these things are called in English) lol.  They even have the fried items cart and fried noodles!  

Off the top of my head, I cannot think of anything that was distasteful, and that's a GOOD thing!  

I thought they service here was good, but I think that's because I speak mandarin, and my friend speaks cantonese, so they just kept coming back to ask us how everything is.  One thing that surprised me was that they refilled the tea without me even telling them it was empty!  That was a first! haha.
For the singular reason of being on the east side of town this  place rocks, I had heard many bad things about this place my expectations were  nonexistent. That being said I was pleasently suprised and pleased with the food and service. My favorites eggplant-shrimp, sesame buns, salt and pepper shrimp and calamari were all as good as any other dim sum I have had.  I can not speak to the variety because I always order the same things! I didnt see any crab balls (sad face )
Went to East Ocean for Mother's Day!  Most dim-sum places are over on the west side in Chinatown.  So happy we have one towards the south in Henderson.  

The food was great.  We had Salt & Pepper Pork Chops (double order), Salt & Pepper Shrimp, Sliced BBQ Pork, Honey Glazed BBQ Pork Spare Ribs, Pork Shu-Mai, Chinese Broccoli, Pan Fried Pot Stickers (double order), Sesame Seed Balls with Red Bean Paste, Chow Mein, BBQ Pork Fried Rice, and Kung Pao Chicken.  From all this, the only disappointment was the Pork Shu-Mai.

For all this food, we spent $90.  And had containers of left overs.  

This is a definite "MUST GO BACK".  Most authentic Chinese food restaurant that I've been to in the valley.
Even though we arrived towards the last half hour of lunch/dim sum hours, there was  still a few good choices of steamed and deep fried delicacies to choose from.  My husband always thought dim sum was a food item. Didn't realized their is no menu involved. So he was a little surprised the second we sat down we were bombarded with  ladies and their carts and me just pointing out I want that, that & that ...then another lady with her cart full of the fried fare rolls up to our table and I drool and  point out to 3 more plates.   I think we had 6 different plates within the 5 minutes of being there.  The servers stamped our ticket of what plates we chose and went off to the next table..."That's Dim Sum, little plates of food served up by servers pushing the carts, and that's how they roll honey!" I tell my husband. "But  where's the fried rice??"  Mr. B asked ..Since we got there late, all of the steamed BBQ rice was gone, so we ordered a platter of BBQ pork fried rice separately.

Food: Everything we tried did not disappoint! In fact the food cooked up here is reminiscent of traditional Cantonese cuisine I used to enjoy! It takes me back to dining in SF Chinatown.

I'll zero in my fave classic The Char Siu Bao (steamed pork buns) the bread was so soft & fluffy and sweet!  The filling  plentiful of very tender bbq pork in a slightly sweet sauce.  Same with the baked Char Siu/Siopao.  Also pretty impressed with the Beef Fried Rice.   The flavors of the green onions,garlic, Chinese spices and texture of it being lighter, fluffy,  not greasy  just made fried rice stand out from other places.  Everything we had from the cart was hot, steam coming from the steamed baskets.  Dishes we requested were fresh, cooked to order.  

Ambiance - Interior decor had contemporary feel with the airy open ceiling.  Banquette seating on side walls and table seating for 4 & 8 throughout or they can arrange seating to accommodate larger parties. 

Service - On point. Friendly.  Was greeted & seated right away. The ladies pushing the carts were really sweet and patient with us since we had lots of "what's that?" questions. Never had to ask for a drink refill or teapot refill. The owner came by and introduced himself and chatted with us as well. 

So making this spot our Chinese go to dine out here in Henderson.  And the next visit we'll defiantly come earlier to chow down.
Great ambiance, very clean (in comparison to most Chinese restaurants here in Vegas), authentic taste, average servers.

The food generally comes in little steamers/plate of threes or fours. The majority on the cart is from group B ($3.25) but please note that some of the larger plates are generally more expensive.

While most people come here for the Dim Sum, there is actually a menu. You can order items individually if you are too hungry or need something that isn't in the carts. 

The servers are nice enough but it's pretty average. They automatically refill tea (that costs extra) and water without asking which is a plus (but normality in Chinese restaurants). 

A bad point is that I often ended up sitting there with no food waiting for the food cart to come near my table; so try to not eat very fast!
Love love love Dim Sum needed a fix and didn't want to drive across town to get it.  So we pull up and they don't open till 10:30 : / my bad for not checking first.  There was a farmers market on this day right down the way.  So we wasted some time until they opened.

Starving by the time we get in and I know better the to be some of the first few customers for DimSum : /   The selection was nill to none again my bad.  So we got a few of our favorites and by the time the good stuff was coming out we were full.

The food we did have was good, very flavorful and prepared well.  The sizes of the Dim Sum that we got seemed larger then normal.  The prices of the dishes were a bit more expensive then China Town but it is in a higher rent district, so understandable.

I don't know if I will be back but in a pinch I would.
Been here several times and feel it is time for a review. We first came when they just opened with Judd L for some dim-sum desert and pretty much agreed it was a 2-star experience. My last experience made me fed-up and the need to write a review. Each time we come here, service is marginal and I am accustomed to such service during dim-sum. We were rushed to leave to make way for the next set of guests. The dim-sum is about average and typical of what you will find in Vegas.

What really disgusted me was that the kitchen staff overloaded the carts by piling dishes of food on top of the food itself! Ewwww......I hope the bottom of the dishes are clean. What I saw was chow-mein on the top level of the cart. They piled additional plates of  a soy based stir-fried rice noodle dish on top of each other. And then while the cart was circulating on the dining floor, a kitchen staff in a chef's hat placed several dishes of Chinese broccoli on top of the second level of rice noodle thus creating 3-levels of food on top of each other in a pyramid fashion! I wished I got a pic of what I saw.
When the craving for non-chain Chinese food hits (I'm looking at you, Panda Express), this place is a decent alternative. And by decent, I mean "not always good".
Its a great location for some dim sum action. Spacious, not too crowded, and you don't have to deal with rude chinese customers here like you do at Gold Coast, Cathay House, Etc.

They have a pretty good variety here, and all of the dim sum we got was piping hot. Another bonus is their mini manapuas and rice cakes...a little taste of home! Its a great alternative for locals who live in the area, and also for those who don't usually hit up Chinatown.

Stop in the next time you're in the area and want something other than your usual burger, pizza, or salad...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(313/365) "Get Sum Dim Sum !"
I've been here twice now and am not happy with the quality of the dim sum. I can't put my finger on it but it just doesn't taste right. 
To be more specific, the items I am referring to are: spareribs, shrimp dumpling, tripe, and the pork dumplings. 

Even in any dire desire for dim sum I will hoof it down to the spring mountain area for quality if I needed to. 

Because I was not impressed for dinner I am not confident about their dinner. I may try one day but it's not top only list.
EDIT: Don't know what happened but the server has a really crappy attitude today! You lose one star...!! Get it together people!

EDIT: This is my first time back since the writing of this review and, at least for lunch, the quality of service has gone up considerably. It's been probably over a year since my last visit. I'll come back again. Ask for Sally. She's a sweetheart. Upgrading to 4 stars from two.

Food is great for not having to drive from Henderson to Spring Mountain. As for the service.... HOOOOORRRRRIIIIIIBBBBBLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEE..... with the exception of maybe one floor manager, which I'm CONVINCED he's the only person in there that knows more than a couple words of English - and - language barrier aside, just a bunch of snooty a-holes.  I still go there once in awhile, but believe me I return the negativity right back to their cut rate "servers". Which is easy to do when you're a 6'2'' 260lb cracker in a Chinese restaurant. =D

Enjoy the food!
Love that they have dim sum all day! Our last visit they unfortunately ran out of baked bbq pork buns but we already knew that walking in since we called beforehand.  I appreciated the fact that they actually checked.  Service was really nice and suggested for us to call and put some buns on hold since they sell so fast.  Luckily for me I like the basics when it comes to dim sum, but when I want to have a little more variety the "off peak" dim some hours are not the time to go.  Its always nice to know its available though.  I do wish they had desserts though (hence the - star)
The service sucks. Nobody seemed to know how to speak English. Their dim sum isn't the best. I usually don't do reviews but if you really want dim sum and some service, don't go there. It's worth the drive to spring mountain.
I'm a little bummed out that they serve shark fin soup here (SAVE THE SHARKS!), but I did come anyway for dim sum as it was the closest place to eat with ready made servings to eat and pick from. I was starving, and was probably going to pass out in starvation if I waited any longer...

So I came for dim sum. I guess it's whats expected of dim sum since dim sum is more breakfast than lunch really. I came around 1 pm and they promote their dim sum until 3 pm I believe. However, I was really disappointed to come around 1 pm to find that more than half of their usual dim sum selections that they serve in the morning are not offered after 11 am. Most of what I craved for in dum sum were not being served so I was only able to eat a few things, and was forced to eat double of what I don't usually order double of. They also reheat their food that sits out on their cart by microwaving it. Bummer. 

I'm just disappointed that if they offer dim sum until 3 pm I would want to be able to walk into the restaurant and eat the same quality and quantity dim sum as I would if I came n the morning. I mean I am paying the same price for dim sum. I don't want to pay the same price for something fresh in the AM and then microwaved in the PM. 

But I do commend them for having some passionate owners or managers. I notice that they always come to everyone's table to personally ask how their food and service is. You don't always get that in many places.
From living near San Jose, and LA a time in my life, I love dim sum.  And the dim sum in both cities is out of this world.  So when I moved out to vegas I wanted some good dimsum.  I didn't want to drive down to spring mountain and this place is only a few minutes away from my house.  But it does hit the spot.  The service is a little slow, but the food is tasty.  They don't have all of the things I want, but overall for a dim sum place in henderson it is good.  Not the best but good.
This place is really nice and roomy. Very contemporary compared to the traditional Chinese restaurant. The food was pretty good, I would give it 5 stars but you get the same typical service at any other dim sum places... so 4 stars :) The ladies that push the cart aren't hasty or pushy but the server brings your water and is gone forever. No biggie to me actually, I'm use to it. Didnt see any roasted pork and the shrimp balls didn't have the flakey wonton breading. Spicy salty shrimp was not spicy, salty nor crispy like I'm use too. One bonus tho, the roasted duck wasn't too greasy. 

Great way to get the family together for brunch :)
had Dim Sum items and they were good. I enjoyed the taste of the food. Service was not excellent, not even good. they were quick to bring items for selection when first got there but were a little rude and didn't explain food to me in English, not do i think they could. Luckily I had a friend with me who knew how to communicate with them and also knew what was good to have.
Definitely had better dimsum elsewhere! The dimsums were not hot and they were bland. Waving down servers was not fun either. To be honest, i don't even know the names of the dimsums i get but i get very American-Chinese food and it wasn't impressive.
How cool is it to have a dim sum place on your neighborhood?  Decent price point, tasty plates, and most importantly delish pork buns.

My only criticism was that some of the dishes, like the noodles, we're at room temp - even slightly cool.  In their defense we showed up after 12 PM, so the dishes had meandered through the dining room a few times.

I'm sticking by my 4 stars - not because the quality is the best I've had, but because it's pretty good and I love having a dim sum place close by (even though my oldest son goes so often they know his name).
I like Chang's on Decatur but, I like this place WAY more. Mainly because it's cleaner and seems less hectic so you're able to get the dishes you want.
What's even more great is I found out that the owners of Chang's is, also, the owner of East Ocean.
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....

I've experienced better. I must say for a Dim Sum place it's not as crowded which I love and the bill is unusually cheaper than all my other Dim Sum Places I normally go to.
I usually order the Shumai and the Hagaw and the pork buns and the Nu Sao Pao.. Sad to say I can tell a difference compared to my normal dim sum places.. The service is great , they do not herass you like at Chang's pushing for their sales and screaming in your ears.. I like the location it's just down the road from my place I don't have to run all the way to China to get some Dim Sum.. Overall I give it a 3 star. I will try them again and give them another try.. Maybe my taste buds were off that day..
First time visiting.  Food was great.  Service was ok.  Loved the green tea and the potstickers rocked my socks.
I was visiting clients in the area and was surprised to see a Dim Sum place located in the area. Located in a large shopping center parking was a breeze. 

The place is quite large and they offer their dim sum the traditional way - on push carts. The ladies were friendly and unlike some places in So Cal where they hardly speak English. I was by myself so I picked 3 dishes. I did save some room for my favorite dim sum - egg tarts and this place makes them bomb. They were flaky warm and I finished all three!

The prices here are higher then So Cal and probably even LV Chinatown but it was convenient. Total came out to $18.00 plus gratuity.
This place is ok...not good and not bad.  

My recommendation is to go after 12...because I went 30 minutes after opening and ate what didn't sell on the dim sum carts the day before.  Dim Sum is simple and must be fresh...and soooo obvious when it isn't.  

I've been several times and the food is consistent when you get there after 12.  4 stars when cooked the same day and 2 stars when eating what should have been given  to the staff at the end of the day.
I was so happy that we finally have a dim sum restaurant around this side of town.  The food is ok, if u coming during busy hours. If not I would order items from the menu so they come out fresh and have not been sitting on the carts probably for hours.  

Overall I am jus happy that I don't need to drive to china town jus to eat dim sum
This place was pretty legit! I came here with friends and family and aside from Gee's garden dim sum in Tucson, AZ. This place really took dim sum to another level! Varieties of many dim sum dishes to choose from and a big place to serve it, if I ever visit Vegas again, I'll come here again!
The 11th Day of Christmas.

How cool is it to have dim sum for dinner and not have to go to Spring Mountain/Chinatown?  Pretty awesome, actually.  I met some friends the other night after work in Henderson and had my fill of char siu bao, pork shumai, and roasted duck with those delicious buns.  I started off with some egg drop soup that was just okay, but the other food items listed were great.  Service was fast and friendly and it warms my heart to know that East Ocean is conveniently located so that I can dine there before driving home to the other side of town.
The service is the best thing about this place.  That is why I gave them two stars.  The rest is down hill from there.  No flavor!  Too expensive!  Limited variety of dim sum! I'd rather go a little farther and enjoy a greater variety at a more reasonable price.  Won't be coming back here.
Dim sum is good.  It's comparable to other places.  It's close to where I live so that's another plus.  Dinner is not the greatest.  Usually when you order Egg Foo Young, it has the meat choice on the outside as well.  A little more decorative in the plate, but this place, it's just the egg patty and everything inside and sauce over it.  It taste decent, but could had been better.  This place is better for Dim Sum only and not for dinner.
Nomally I don't like too much sauce on each dish but this place's sauce is different as others. I love it!
Fresh meat/seafood with yummy sauce. 
Great price for these dishes.
Perfect!!! I appreciate that this restaurant was open for Thanks giving night  in 2012.
I used to eat here a lot.  It used to have the best Dim Sum this side of town.  The last time we went, it was less than spectacular.  I think they changed owners.  We ordered the table side Peking Duck.  That I still love, and it still tasted great.  The dim sum was rubbery and over cooked.  I was highly disappointed.  The service was the worst it has ever been.  I don't think I would be going back too soon.
The worst restaurant experience I've ever had. 

Dirty, dirty, dirty... The plates still had something from the previous customers. I asked to replace the plates. The waitress took the plate, never brought another one. 
Dirty floors, dirty tables... 

I ordered soup, the waitress brought the soup with her thumb in it... I couldn't eat. 

I've ordered just chicken and veggies, it was simply uneatable. 

I left everything practically untouched. Hopefully they didn't serve my food  to the next customer...   

DONT EAT THERE.
Went to this restaurant frequently since it opened. Recently noticed a change in the food quality and service. After allowing for fluctuations, today I again experienced the quality drop. I used to forego going to OrchidGarden for dim sum because  East Ocean is closer to me and the dim sum is almost comparable. The quality of the dim sum now has deteriorated so much that I must drive the extra distance to Orchid Garden. The service has deteriorated also. Now there are a few "supervisor" type walking around (doing what ?). The service still is unattentive and has deteriorated to the old cliche of poor Chinese restaurant service. Then the price has also gone up. So, overall East Ocean is no longer the substitute for the better Chinese restaurants along Spring Mtn. Sad  to see this happen because there are a lot of people in the Henderson area that appreciate good, if not excellent Chinese food.
Haven't been here since they've changed management. Went here  Chinese new year and to my surprise it wasn't packed. Their Dimsum is still tops for this side of town and price is just right. I do miss the baked barbequed pork buns from the previous management though. The food is still good.
This place is going downhill. Very inconsistent. I like that it's closer to me, but it's really not worth it after my last experience. Went there for Chinese New Year dim sum with my family. Was told by female manager that there was still a lot of variety going around, but it turns out a number of our favorites were missing. Pork in all the dishes was very white, like they forgot the soy sauce or something. Meat & shrimp were not sticking together at all in the Siu Mai. Noodles were bland. Very inattentive and poor customer service. The male manager walked by, and I started talking to him when his cell phone rang. He answered the call promptly without excusing himself, walked away, and never came back. I thought it was very rude of him. Better to make the trek to Chinatown for dim sum done right at either Orchids Garden or Ping Pang Pong.
Loved it, classic Dim Sum service. Attack you with carts as soon as you sit down. There is a Chinese dessert called Rice Cake that I could only fint in Hawaii, finally found it here and it was done the right way! Service was great, food quality was amazing! The only downer was that some of the food was cold. Other than that I will be coming back here for a long while!
Came here for lunch and was immediately seated. 

Hostess showed me the lunch specials, but I was there for Dim Sum! 

Had the usuals, BBQ pork bun, Shu Mai, and Shrimp dumplings. I would have ordered more, but when it just you, that was plenty. I do wish the servers would explain more of the items on their carts. I am adventurous eater and love to try new things, but it was difficult to understand what some of the dishes contained. 

Its great to have a place on the southeast side for dim sum. Looking forward to going back with friends and trying more..
It was okay. As soon as we hit the door they were trying to pawn off the cold trays and it was a tad overwhelming. I do not like the fact they offer Shark Fin soup and because of that I will not be going back.
Great location in Henderson. It's good dim sum for the locals and the dinner entrees are all good. Try the salt and pepper chicken wings as an appetizer. YUMMY. I hope they make it. This space is so ginormous that most restaurants in this location struggle to make the place look busy. I think they should partition the room a little more to create some smaller, intimate dining areas.

Management has always been friendly and receptive. My family and I come here to eat at least 3 times a month so we're familiar faces to them. For a Chinese restaurant to have a smiling server.... wow. :)
Absolutely HORRIBLE EVERYTHING! YUCK. OMG, where to begin....
Decided to eat here for a special occasion and was so disappointed. We arrived around 5:30pm, which apparently was early for this place. There were only two other tables with people, otherwise totally empty. We were seated at a rather large, awkward table when there was only 3 of us. The servers only brought out two dim sum carts, and the food was cold. The server noticed this just as I did, and she quickly grabbed it off the table, stamped our card, and said she would heat it up for us. WTF?! In your microwave, maybe? Eeew, not fresh. And that's not good with pork or seafood dishes! When she brought back it was not appetizing at all. We couldn't get water or drinks from any server. We picked at our food, decided it wasn't for us and waited for a server to return so we could pay the bill. Servers came and went and seemed deeply offended we didn't want any more disgusting dim sum creations. The attitude from the servers was awful. I decided to be proactive and take the bill to the register myself to pay. Honestly, they were lucky I even paid, it was so awful. When I paid the exact amount of the bill and nothing more so we could leave, the server got in my face and said "Hey! You no leave a tip!" I said that I absolutely would NOT be leaving a tip because I only tip on service and it was horrible. She was upset and said something to me that I can only assume was Chinese for fuck off. Classy. Anyway, we will not be coming back and happy to not ever recommend this place. It was really bad. Went across the street and had a great dinner at Grimaldi's pizza!
This was my first Dim Sum experience in Vegas (I was fortunate to enjoy it in New York a few years ago with my very knowledgeable BFF, Lily) and it was quite pleasant! Luckily, I remembered the dishes I enjoyed before (in NY and growing up in Hawaii) and I also got a heads-up text from Lily, so I knew exactly what to order.

Roasted Pork: Crispy skin, flavorful duck meat with a tasty sauce to dip.
Calamari: Batter was okay, but the spices were delicious. Squid could've been fresher.
Fried Shimp: Lightly fried whole shrimp with wonderful flavor. Again, just really great spices and it was cooked perfectly.
Beef Rice Rolls: I know their shrimp counterparts are much more popular, but these were just as good. The sauce was necessary, but just a tad salty. I like the glutinous texture of the rice noodle/wrap.
Spinach Ball: Haven't figured out exactly what these were, but they were giant "shu mai" stuffed with spinach (or at least I think it was) and a type of meat. It was pretty good.
Turnip Cake: One of my favorite dim sum dishes! Shredded radish, rice flour, steamed, and pan-fried. Same glutinous texture with a nice crunch. Yummy.
Barbecue Pork: Good flavor. I liked the thick slices of pickled radish that is served under it.
Char Siu Bao: Steamed barbecue pork bun. Yum! Soft and chewy bun filled with flavorful barbecue pork. Well done.

We enjoyed everything and although it wasn't very busy, the items off the carts were still fresh. They didn't have the turnip cakes when we got there and they were great to make it for us. Service was prompt and nice. We also enjoyed the tea service with our meal rather than our typical water. Great experience and convenient location!

Advice: Know what you want before you get there (whether you want Dim Sum or regular plates), since carts will swarm you immediately (and I mean, you haven't even settled in your seat or placed your purse down lol). Don't be afraid to ask what's on the cart or for items not on the cart. Also, it's a fast-paced environment so don't expect them to babysit you, just flag someone down when you need something and just shake your head politely when you don't want anything else (otherwise, they'll keep trying to sell you). Most importantly, enjoy!
Not the best dim sum I've ever had, but it's definitely a solid choice when you're in the Henderson area. I came here with coworkers today for lunch and I like that we have this option near work. 

Walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by how large the interior of the restaurant is. We were seated quickly and within five minutes we had a table full of goodies to enjoy. We tried quite a few things. I can never resist noodles in XO sauce and we ordered tripe, BBQ steam buns and an assortment of other things as well. We of course had to end our meal with egg custard as well. 

We had a dim sum newbie in the mix, so we tried to get lots of different things for her to try and it made the experience that much more fun. Service was good and refills on tea and waters were plentiful. Looking forward to adding this to my regular lunch rotation.
If you are in this area and want just ok dim sum this is only choice. It's pricey for the quality. Drive the extra 15 minutes and go to Ping Pang Pong.
One crazy saturday morning, I decided to take my wife out for a nice dim sum in a dim sum restaurant other than our usual favorite the orchid garden. I thought I cannot get any better dim sum place than orchid garden in Vegas. Boy, was I wrong. Upon entering the restaurant, I notice a big sign saying Review Journal best of 2013. OOOHHH thats where orchid garden title lose to. I was expecting nothing but the best now. 

Dont know why this restaurant only have three stars rating. Cos its 5 star in my book. If you know how to make fung caw (chicken feet) right, then you are 5 star in my book. 

Its as simple as that. Good combination, good siu may, good har gaw, nice varieties, fast service and even great beijing duck. a little bit far from my place, but so what.
I loved this place! I wish my trip was longer so I could eat here more! 

Very casual and quick. Delicious, fresh vegetable and fish dishes. Would probably eat here everyday if I were local. This place would be awesome even in SF Chinatown...
I'm super picky when it comes to dim sum, but only because I love it so much.  Everything here is larger than normal and it doesnt mean that just because its bigger its better.  But I think most of their dim sum specialities are on point with taste and quality regardless; siu mai, har gow, and fried meat ball (i like how the mochi covering is thick here). 

I dont like how they dont have enough bao selection.  That's a big thing for me when it comes to eating something sweet after all this salty!
We went for Dim Sum this past Sunday and I would have to say that the food was ok. Nothing special and overpriced. There were 6 adults in our party and the bill came out to $140 including an 18% tip that was automatically charged. Even though its conveniently located nearby we would rather have driven an extra 20 min to W Sahara to Orchid Garden. The food is much better and the bill probably would have been a little less. Skip East Ocean. It's not worth the price.
Really, really good Dim Sum, staff is great, some items get lost
 in translation, but so far everything we have ate has been great!
Came her on Sunday at about 11:15 am.  Our party was seated right away and the dim sum carts were all over us before we could really get settled in, so we ordered a few plates.  Most of the dim sum plates we got were pretty good, including pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, bbq pork buns, and egg custard.  Service wasn't anything unexpected for a Chinese restaurant-average.  Overall a pleasant experience with good food.
The Dim Sum was below average. I was with my THAI wife and son. It was really strange the staff wanted to touch my son during the entire meal. I ask one female server not to touch my son 17 month old. She continued to hang around our table wierd. The people sitting next to us thought it was crazy. We will not be going back.
I like how we sat down and we were already eating! Dim sum was tasty. Diggin the Xmas decor.
Solid dim sum. Pan fried green dumplings are my favorite. Modern atmosphere which some don't like but I love the food.
I have been here a few times for dim sum and it is the best dim sum I had in the southeast.  But that isnt saying much.

Just came in on Sunday afternoon to maybe grab some dimsum and the restaurant was empty besides one other table.  They asked us if we were eating dimsum or ordering off the menu.  We told them we would be doing both.

We grabbed a few of the dimsum items and you can immediately tell that they have been sitting out for a long time and felt tough. So we thought we would try the hot pot and ordered the specialty hot pot that had a mix of ingredients in it.  That was very disappointing and we didnt even end up finishing it.

All in all i would recommend coming here during busy hours so the dimsum can be a bit more fresh.
This is by far the best value and best taste authentic Chinese dim sum restaurant in the entire Vegas area.  I've tried many including those within the casinos and surrounding areas.  It's a bit far but is worth the time to travel.  All (especially Chinese) looking for delicious dim sum (fresh made and hot) don't look elsewhere come and try yourself then tell others.
Possibly the worst dim sum.  Granted we are used to San Fran or Hong Kong, but this is what Domino is to New York pizza.  Weekday late lunch may not have been a good time.  Service was courteous and attentive, place was clean, so two stars rather than one.
We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and ordered everything on their HH menu expect the pork 
1. Salt and pepper chicken, 5.99, 6pieces
2. Salt and pepper squid, 5.99
3. Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, 5.99
4. Beef chow fun (dry), 5.99
5. Yang Chow Fried Rice, 5.99
for $36.27

- Solid if you come here just for the Happy Hour food! 
- Salt and pepper chicken was just how I expected it. Tasted great. Loved the flavor. But it didn't match the squid. Squid seasoning was bland. 
- Chinese brocooli with oyster sauce had chicken which was a pleasant surprise. Great balance in the HH menu. Veggies! 
- Fried rice was a fail but nice compliment to the menu. 
- Beef chow fun was good! Nice recommendation.
- 5% off if you pay cash
- Service was confused. Just point. Point at napkin for more napkins. More tea? point at tea pot. 
- Tea charge fail. Some restaurants in cali do the same, so it's hit or miss. Tasted good. Leaf, not bagged. 
- Didn't bother trying the Dim Sum since OC/LA prices are so much better. Couldn't find it in my wallet to fork it up. HAHA. 
- Woman's bathroom has a very fragant soap! Exfoliate your hands! Coconut? Rocky! Nice!!
This place got a bad rap! I'm happy that Yelp let me down for once. The 3 star rating didn't deter me from trying it out and I'm glad it didn't. This restaurant is so much closer to our home in Henderson, and we didn't want to drive out to Spring Mountain Road so we gave it a shot. They had great dim sum at a good price. My only complaint was that some of the items weren't piping hot, but the flavors and presentation was good. The restaurant was clean, and there was no wait at 11 a.m. on a Saturday morning. We will definitely be back many many times!
Very upset with service will never eat again!!!!! Came here purchased certificate on restaurant.com. They would not honor my certificate said they are not accepting any coupon said they did not make any money off them. Well that's not my fault why did you even do business with the company???!!!! One of the waitresses said they were told to accept it if purchased on a certain date. She then said she needed to to verify with the manager. This to me is so bad for buusness at least they could do is honor there coupons and contact who they did business with and have them cancel these or do something. I would have never purchased this certificate they have horrible service he food is ok only.. This restaurant will lose business because they have no customer service or know how to run a business.
As others have mentioned, the service is "mostly confused" to be kind. The presentation was nonexistent - they just slop it on the plate with no attempt at making it look like anything other than that they slopped it on the plate. The food quality seemed OK but not impressive. What was really a turn-off is that they have shark fin soup on the menu, for anybody who knows how shark fins are obtained. Surprisingly, for a place that advertises as a Dim Sum restaurant, they really didn't have that much Dim Sum on the menu, and so we ordered something else. Probably more Chinese friendly than non-Chinese friendly, sort of the place that you take your family for Chinese -- if you are lukewarm on your family.
I've been here quite a few times now, food is good but not great. Could be better. Perhaps more selection on the dim sum and less on what they're trying to promote like, sushi rolls. Come on! Its a dim sum place not a Japanese restaurant!  
Service on the other hand,  Ehhhh. .... they check on you if they have something new not when US guest needs sonething? 
I'd still be back since its the closest dim sum by my house...
i was very disappointed! i came in for dimsum, granted it's a Sunday afternoon, i do expected that they are busy. When i was in there, the hostess seated us immediately, but after that, the service was SLOW, the food was NOT hot, waiting over 30 mins for hargow (shrimp dumpling) but never came, asked another waiter/waitress if they can bring us some hargow since there was only 2 people pushing the carts of steam dumplings in the restaurant that seat 250+ people!!! they told me i can not bring you hargow, you have to wait.... end up leaving still hungry and not happy!!! i don't think i will come back or recommended this place, i noticed there were 5 other tables seated around me experienced the same treatment, so much for "Best Chinese restaurant in Vegas"
Well, another extremely disappointing visit to a Vegas restaurant. I made a special trip to the area on Thanksgiving evening on the way to work intending on going to BJ's. Unfortunately for me, BJ's was closed. I drove around the shopping center to see who else was open and that is how I ended up at this place.

I went inside, took a paper menu out of paper menu stand which was right inside the door and decided on three items. I then waited for over five minutes for someone to take my order. A greeting would've been nice, but after five minutes it was beginning to look like I wasn't going to get any help at all. A lady sitting on a bench with a baby right inside the door finally got up and ran into the restaurant to get someone. Another lady showed up from somewhere in the back to take my order. She returned to the back where she came from.

I waited and waited some more for a man to show up this time with my credit card and receipt for me to sign. I looked at the items on the receipt and was surprised to see that I was being overcharged on two of the three items. When I questioned why the prices in the menu were different than the prices on my receipt, I was told that they were old menus and the price of seafood went up. I asked why I wasn't informed of this prior to ordering and was just given an apology. The man wrote $4.40 on my receipt and signed something (his name?) under it. He told me that would be a discount for the next time I went there. I should have just left at this point.

I signed the credit card receipt and my order came out shortly after that. I left and went to work. During my break at work, I removed my three items from the bag to find that two of the styrofoam cartons were broken and the contents were leaking out of them. I basically salvaged what I could and decided never to go back to this place again.

It's really wrong that they wouldn't honor the prices in their menu and tried to overcharge me without me noticing (I'm guessing). If after reading this, you still want to try this place, do not fall for all the Best of Vegas 2013 signs they've got hanging up in there. The food was nothing special. You can get better Asian food at most of the buffets around town.
I don't know where any of these bad reviews are coming from. Just went for the second time the other day and it was even better than the first. Granted, I know nothing about dim sum, but I brought my mom who grew up in New York and she was very pleased. She said it was the best she'd had in a very long time. Everything was delicious. The service was great. The manager (owner?) brought a second pot of tea to our table half way through the meal and we had a pleasant conversation where he gave us some recommendations on further choices. The wait staff was very busy, the place was full, but courteous and attentive. Yes, there is a language barrier, but they were willing and eager to try to overcome it to be helpful. Do yourself a favor, and get there before 3 pm. You'll have more choices and the food is hotter. That was my discovery on my second visit.
My husband and I went here to eat an early dinner on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was not crowded. I only mention this because the service was haphazard. They weren't rushed. 

We ordered the pot stickers as an appetizer, which were okay.  My husband ordered wonton soup.  The broth didn't taste like a Chinese broth, but more like the kind of broth that should have matzo balls in it.  The wontons were stuffed with some kind of mystery meat. 

When I ordered the main course, I asked the waitress for information about some of the chef specialties but I didn't get a description I could understand and there was no explanation of the dishes written in the menu. I ordered the shrimp with lobster sauce (my favorite). My husband ordered a vegetarian egg foo young.  The shrimp dish was very yellow and bland, served before the steamed rice and long before my husband's meal. His egg foo young was an enormous brown blob that looked as though something had died on the plate. He ate only a few bites.  There was great deal of food leftover and we refused to take any of it home with us. 

Yuck
This is my first time writing a review because I usually never write reviews but I was so disappointed with their level of service that I had to write a review.   I called in for a take out order and pick up time was at 6pm.  Now I arrived promptly but apparently they didn't start making my order yet until I got there.  I simply ordered chow fun and what was supposed to be a 15 minute wait turned into a 1 hour wait.  I basically watched 2 families walk in, eat, then leave.  Unacceptable.  There was another gentleman before me who apparently waited for "a while" before he received his take out order and he wasn't happy at all when he left.  Let this be a warning to all.
First off walking in the establishment, I see a green B and two red C's posted in the front counter (during the time of my visit). So that kind of makes me wonder. But anyways, the service isn't that great at all. I know dim sum restaurants typically don't have great service but this place blows them all out of the park. The food was bland and they offered to heat the noodle dish they served to us. They came back with it and it was still COLD. The fried squid was very mushy and tasted a little bitter. Dumplings were probably the best thing to eat there. Oh and you have to ask like 5 people to bring you rice. I wouldn't want to come back here.
Save your money, this place has bad food that has been left out for hours. Food poisoning, to add, the food is cold and they take it back and warm it in a microwave. I never thought any Chinese restaurant could screw up fried rice. Service is bad. They are so rude. Overall the food is yuk and service is even worse.
Terrible. Very unkind waitresses with
out any smiling at all were eating right next to guest table, not taking care of order. Worst thing was unsanitary. Do not ruin your taste and mood.
Dim sum is delicious but service sucks. Bottom line the quality of the food invites me back and if I can just go back to the kitchen and get it myself, I would give this place a 5 star.  Stay hungry Las Vegas!
Horrible! Cart only came once. Our waitress left us. And there was only 1 other table besides us in the restaurant. We left and went next door to hot n juicy lol go to orchids!
I have eaten here twice in the past month and both times have been positive experiences. The interior is very spacious and spread out so you will never feel crowded. The staff is very friendly and helpful with any questions you may have about the menu. The dim sum taste very fresh. I usually order a regular menu item, such as BBQ pork chow mien, and 2 dim sums. The orange chicken is some of the best I have ever had and I highly recommend trying it. Overall 5 stars!
Not bad but nothing special at all. It's nice to eat Chinese food without it being overwhelmingly oily. Unless you are a local to the area, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
If you live or work within the Henderson area, this is not a bad place for Dim Sum, especially if you want to avoid having to drive to Chinatown. Price is comparable, taste is good however it lacks variety. If you like the pineapple bun, order it upon seating so it will be ready by the time you are ready for dessert. It's clean and not greasy. My favorite thing there is one of the servers who speaks English really well and Spanish who thinks she owns the restaurant (or at least she tells me that). She is fun and entertaining at the same time.
We decided to try this place after Church. It was on a Sunday and it wasn't very crowded. After we entered the place, everything went downhill!

We were not greeted at the door and just stood there for several minutes. Some of the staff just looked at us and kept on walking. A lady finally came and sat us down with menus and took off... This was the first time at this place and we just sat there. There are lady's who push carts with soup, dim sum and several items. We were ask over 5 times if we wanted soup and each time we answered no....

Another cart came by and the waitress ask us if we wanted any of the items and requested if they had any shrimp dim sum. She said NO! I asked her what they had and she responded.... Shrimp! WTF! I also said I will try the duck. She responded " I have to cook it more". I guess it had been sitting out for a long time. She came back several minutes and it looked like it was reheated by microwave oven!

The food looked like it was sitting there all day and the place looked very 
unsanitary...

To get to the point, the food was HORRIBLE!!!! The waitstaff was very unhelpful and rude!

Before leaving, I looked up and the health card was a C! We will not ever go back to this place again! Check out hot n juicy next door!
First time here n Never been here!! Would never come again! I usually go to china town for dim sum, but didn't want to drive all that way since I live in the Henderson area n jst Wanted some dim sum to go!! And couldn't get any! The lady brought out a tray with a few dishes that was NOT appealing! Looked old. And I asked if I could see other dishes, she tells me there isn't any but I can special order it! I than asked her if I was to sit and eat in the restaurant! That is the only tray of food they have and she said yes, but I can special order it!! I've never been to a dim sum place that they only have 1 tray of food!! And they got the best of Las Vegas 2013!!?? I'm confuse how they even got that!! Horrible!! Horrrrrrrible service!! And they only have one tray of food to pass around!!! Still so confuse!!!
Good variety of dim sum and ambiance is authentic.  The only reason I give it 3 stars is it is a little pricey for dim sum (other places in china town are more reasonable) and the later you go then the food sometimes tastes as if it has been out for a little too long.
With so many dim sum and Chinese eateries they all start to blend in and food is always pleasing - but the same. For some reason this place stands out and seems fancy without a huge jump in price. The restaurant itself is huge and clean. The staff is friendly and very accommodating. Food seemed to take a little longer to come out but when it comes out you know it's freshly made! Loved it and will def be back.
Authentic Chinese done with great care and reasonable prices. Our Hong Kong hosts ordered a 6 lb whole lobster for the table, done two ways, both delicious!  Black bean and garlic sauce was my favorite. We also had whole fish and fresh chicken. If you want to experience what the residents of Hong Kong are enjoying, this restaurant brings it all to Las Vegas.
I come here ever so often for dim sum just because its close to where I live. However, I think this may be the last time I will be coming here for a very long while. I felt they try to push you to get everything in the carts. We constantly had to say, "no, thank you." 

The food was good. Not something to say "wow" about. You definitely need to come later like 1pm to see a more varietal of dim sum. Certain dishes I normally get at dim sum places, here it seemed bland. The desserts were very good though. 

 I guess I was also a bit surprise with the bill being over $60 for three people. I've never known to pay so much for dim sum especially for three.

Overall, if you don't want to drive to Chinatown for dim sum, I guess you can come here or go next door to Hot n Juicy Crawfish ;)
OK, but not great. Service was pretty good; we were promptly seated and frequently checked on. However, they would not split the check, saying each card needs a minimum charge of $20 to be swiped. The food was just so-so, and they did not have sesame chicken on the menu. Portions were also smaller than expected. It was hard to overlook that since the entrees were $12-15 and came with just a small side of white rice. It was pretty much twice the price for less food than the little Chinese restaurant on Pecos and Russell. I don't think we'll be back here.
I don't like Chinese food that much, but my bf loves it. So we tried this place. I loved their duck buns. The waiter comes to your table and slices and serves it to you. It was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. Will come back for these yummy duck buns.
We have eaten Dim Sum all over Southern California and believe me there are a lot of authentic restaurants there. Orange County is like another Asian country. (not complaining!)  Tried a place in Vegas and it was really not good but had a REALLY good experience at East Ocean. The staff was very helpful and attentive. The food was also really good. Until something else comes up, this is my local place for Dim Sum. Have already recommended it to others.
This is an amazing, authentic Chinese Restaurant with an astounding variety of flavors, without using dreaded MSG!  We had the pepper beef, so tender and bursting with flavor that melted in our mouths. For a special occasion we also had whole main lobster with bean sauce, so fresh and savory. We finished with fresh fish with pineapple and peppers, accompanied with shrimp fried rice and Chinese broccoli, perfectly prepared. This is the best Chinese in the city, including Chinatown!
Reasonable dimsum pricing and a decent selection.  The calamari was good but the coating was falling off and a bit greasy.  The portion size was good.  Two of us without alcohol were out of there stuffed for about $40.00 which for dim sum is good.  East Ocean does everything at a solid level but I expected a bit more from a place that touts being the best on the outside of the restaurant.  I would have liked to see friendlier service, more explanation of what the dim sum items were, a bit less grease on the fried foods, and have the carts come by without having to be asked.  All in all it is a good solid meal if you like dim sum but if you are new to dim sum, be prepared to guess what you are eating.
I came here with family during the weekend and it wasn't busy at all. We had dim sum and they have a good size of selections but the quality of food wasn't that good. If a restaurant is packed during the weekend, that's a good sign of quality of food and/or price.

Service is ok. They come and pick up the dishes, refill teas, etc. 

The restaurant is large and there's enough space for many large groups or even a banquet. 

I've had worse food so I think this place is ok but I would prefer to go somewhere else to eat.
The only reason I'm giving this disaster of a "restaurant" 1 star is because I don't have a
choice. FOR EVERYONE READING THIS REVIEW, CONSIDER THIS A FAIR WARNING! 

I just moved across the street and wanted to give this place a try, from the outside looking in; it looks like a nice spacious place to grab lunch from. When I walked in nobody greeted my boyfriend and I for about 3 minutes until a lady finally came to the front and sat us down, asked us what we wanted to drink and then sat 2 tables behind us to stuff her face with a table full of food. When she came back with our waters, I ordered a small bowl of hot and sour soup along with an order of pot stickers. Literally 5 minutes later she came back and my boyfriend ordered the house noodles, she took his menu and left mine, she never took my order. The soup had been sitting out for hours I'm assuming, because it wasn't even room temperature, it had no flavor, taste, or warmth AT ALL. GROSS!! My boyfriend took one bite of the pot sticker and had to practically yank it from his mouth because of how rubbery the texture was, it was cold too. I wasn't going to eat anything else from that place, and since the server was so conveniently close behind us -STILL EATING TONS OF FOOD MIGHT I ADD, I called her over to the table. I told her the food was cold and to cancel the order, she insisted that the pot stickers were made fresh so I then took my fork and tried to cut ALL of the pot stickers in half, one by one -they were all rubbery, she tried to look surprised. She then tried to explain that the pot stickers were 'dim sum' and they were made like that and kept saying that everything was made fresh... SMH. Never going back there again.
I was disappointed about the service. It took about 45 minutes for our food to get served, which is so unusual for Chinese rest. The food was not great, the lettuce wrap was the worst I've had so far. I will never come back to this place again.
I've eaten here a few times. Dim sum is decent but depending on the day and time, the quality and variety greatly fluctuates. 

Went for Mother's Day with family and never made it to actually being seated. The sinister hostess grumbled at me to wait when I asked if I could be added to the wait list. She then stood there, doing nothing between seating others in line. After 15 min of waiting & other parties coming into the restaurant, I approached her again to add my name. She yelled "You wait!" She then lumbered to the front desk and yelled, "okay, I get names now!" 

Really? REALLY??

A crowd of about 20 people went forward to submit their names, but I got to her first (as I was there before the others) and asked for a table for 8. She glared at me, wrote my info, without saying a word. When I asked what the average wait was, she responded, "5 minutes or maybe hour and a half. Either way, you wait!" 

Really, she seemed inordinately invested in my "waiting"...

After seeing her treat everyone else rudely & talking to my family, we decided it wasn't worth it so we left. 

As far as returning in the future, and this is directed right at snarling, hissing "Dragon Lady disguised as matronly hostess", YOU'LL be waiting for a loooonnngg time.
I like this place.  It is clean and open.  I have been to several places for dim sum and this is one of my favorites.  It is quiet and you don't feel so rushed.  Can actually enjoy some conversation (in between the food carts.)  The food choices are good and my favorite are the pineapple buns :)!!!
I'm surprised this place is still open. I tried this place for the first time this weekend and I've never been soooo disappointed by dim sum. I had been craving some dim sum the whole week and since I was in this area I gave it a shot...a shot on the foot would've been a better experience than eating here.

The hostess was too pre-occupied with shenanigans so we stood around for minutes. The place was dead. Grade B, C and another C on the wall. I wanted to leave but my friend wasn't willing to go to Chinatown. He has never tried dim sum and it's very unfortunate to have his cherry popped at a place like this.

We got Cha Siu bao, flat noodles with beef, Hargao, 2 orders of siumai and BBQ pork. Everything was bland. The Hargao and siumai were fishy. The Cha Siu bao and flat noodles completely lacked meat. All dough/noodles. 

I taught my friend a Chinese phrase to describe this place and the food: bu hao! Their BCC grade probably means Beeyotch Can't Cook! I couldn't sleep that night due to a terrible stomach ache.
New FAVORITE Dim Sum in the Vegas area (yes I know it's in Henderson).  Hubby and I happened on East Ocean by chance.  While shopping in the area, we required a quick, yet healthy meal = dim sum.  I knew we hit jackpot when we walked through the doors and 98% of the clientele was Asian.  Hubby and I exchanged a knowing glance and we gladly followed the ever waiting hostess to our table.

Before we could even situate ourselves properly our drink orders were taken and the food started to arrive en masse.  First observation, they have TONS of choices.  All our favorite dim sum items were present and accounted for.  

Second observation, with our first bite (of our  prospective favorite item) we were hooked.  The food is excellent.  Fresh and very flavorful.  Their chili oil, passed Hubby's seal of approval, this is a rare occurrence, very few restaurants pass this test.  If you like duck, I highly reccomend their duck.  It was delicious, juicy and definitely NOT over cooked.  Their Cane Crab is not served on a sugar cane stick, but has to be the BEST I have ever tasted at a dim sum restaurant.

Lastely, this place is large, very clean and absorbs sounds, so you can still have an intimate meal with someone and not feel like you are listening to everyone else's conversations, or they yours.  They even have a family bathroom, so you can take your kids with you comfortably.

Note:  if you bring cash you will get a discount on your meal.  They let you keep the difference that a credit card company would take, that's AWESOME, so hit up an ATM before you come.  

Also for those of you who are tourists, do not hesitate to have a cab bring you here.  It's only about 15-20 minutes off the strip and it's well worth the drive.
This was our first Dim Sum dining experience.  I didn't know what to expect but I've been wanting to try it since we moved here.  

We walked in towards the end of lunch hours.  We were greeted and seated right away.  Yes, we were the only ones in there.  I think this worked to our advantage though.  Being it was our first time, she gladly explained how everything worked.  She said dim dum is appetizers.   You pick from the cart that comes by the table.  What I like is that your food is done already with in waiting.  

The down side to this is you don't know the names of what you are getting and how long they have been on the cart.  Unfortunately I chose to try some calamari.  That was probably the most dry and overdone calamari I've ever had.   On the bright side, I had some pretty tasty siu Mai and har gow.  I only knew the names because someone else had posted it.  

I love the format of the dim sum restaurant.  The service here was friendly and very attentive.  I say it's a strong 3.5!
Very good dim sum. I no longer have to drive to spring mtn for it. Sticky rice, BBQ pork buns were both stand outs!!
I like this place mainly because of its location, the best dim sum place probably still is in gold coast, but you can never get in there during weekends, it is always packed, the quality of  east ocean dim sum is close to the one in palms , but palms is too far from where I live . anyway I tried chicken feet last time , (the must try dim sum dish), but it was not good , tasted staled, like being heated many time. I love the barbecue pork , string beans, spare ribs, tasted very authentic. this probably is the only authentic chinese restaurant in henderson.
Love this place, I'm from San Francisco, and go to Las Vegas at least twice a year, I stay on the south side at our Condo's, and found this place last year,  it's fast service good food for the price, friendly staff, they always remember us, and you can always tell good food by the patrons, always crowded, and Asian.  There bbq pork is lean, and Noodles great flavor.  dim sum very good.  lunch is cheap.  we'll be back...
Absolutely amazing! It was like i was in Chinatown in San Fransisco. From 11 to 3 they serve everything on the menu and then after 3 they serve a shortened menu
As far as Las Vegas dim sum restaurants goes, this one is high on my list now that I know about their relatively more extensive menu selections.  Plus, there was hardly any wait during the weekend, which is typically prime time for dim sum.

The food is good, flavor is not over powering, and the service is fairly good as well.  Price is reasonable, especially considering that it is a dining spot inside a casino.  $2.18 (small), $2.88 (medium), $3.88 (large), and higher prices for specialty items. $1 per person for tea, as going to eat dim sum is usually known in Cantonese as going to "drink tea" (pronounced as "yum cha"), as tea is traditionally served with dim sum.

The highlights of what I have tried thus far:
* Fish Paste & Golden Mushroom Crepe (it is not European crepe, but the steamed cheong fun). Their varieties of "crepe" is slightly higher than what you find at typical dim sum, but the gourmet combination of ingredients surpasses anything you will find at those restaurants.

* Baked Chicken and Asparagus Pot Pie - if pot pies get a Chinese makeover and are served in petite bite size appetizer portions, these would be it.  

* Baked Durian Pie - If you don't like durian then don't order this.  I personally enjoy durian, but it is mostly a love it or hate it kind of affair.  Why it is on my list of recommendations? I don't think you can get it anywhere else in the valley, and I have never seen it in San Francisco or Los Angeles for that matter.  It is a pot sticker sized baked pastry with flaky dough that surrounds the creamy durian filling.

If you want to check out Cathay House at The Palms, ask the employees for direction to the cafe (we asked some for directions and they didn't even know about Cathay House).  Cathay House is located in the rear half of the cafe.  There are no direction signages in the casino, and aside from a relatively non-attention getting name printed vertically on the wall next to the cafe, its basically a restaurant hidden in plain sight.  Finding Cathy House is almost like trying to find the path of illumination, except no cardinals are murdered on the hour and hardly as thrilling as a Dan Brown novel.

Price:  4/5  Very reasonable.

Location:  4/5  Right inside the casino, perfect for those staying at the Palms or across the street at Gold Coast.  If you can find it that is :)

Service:  4/5  Pretty good service from the dim sum cart ladies.  Not so great at refilling water or tea (needs to be prompt) from the male servers.

Food:  5/5  Awesome selection (until 3pm, after that it is a very limited dim sum menu), the food for the most part is as good or better than other dim sum restaurants.

I would totally go back so I can try more unique items that are not served at other dim sum restaurants.
If authentic is rude, they are definitely authentic! 

I will be honest the dim sum was good. I was extremely excited about dining at the Cathay House. However, the service was the worst I have ever experienced. A waitress made a very insulting comment about my wife in Chinese. Little did she know that I speak Chinese. I confronted her and she gave me a very fake apology. The experience made me lose my appetite which is very rare. As I look around everyone seated was Chinese. We felt very out of place and unwelcome. Our ice tea was empty for well over half an hour. No one ever came by to check on us. We had to take our ticket to the counter to pay. The food was not good enough to justify the rock bottom service. Unless you are old school Chinese, I would not recommend going to the Cathay House.
Total rip off.  Found out accidentally that they charge $1 per person for the tea which they automatically place in front of you whether you ask for it or not.  I asked them how they determine who is and who isn't drinking the tea.  They could not answer me. I usually order soda.  Also, the quality of the food is not consistent and  the service sucks.
It's kinda standard that tea is charged per person at a dim sum place regardless of how many people drink the tea. It is just standard practice. If the entire table doesn't drink tea then that's fine, but if even ONE person drinks tea, then the whole table is charged -- that's how it is in Asia, that's how it is in dim sum places all over. I think it's unfair to give a restaurant a bad rating because you don't understand the way things are in these types of restaurants.

Having said that, I was skeptical at first when I was in Vegas for a reunion, however, my classmates and I attended school in Hong Kong and everyone was well-versed in how REAL dim sum is supposed to be. Some of the non-Chinese people even spoke Chinese so we got seriously good service. They even went to get freshly steamed/prepared items for us.

They have a good selection of dim sum, not terribly extensive, but good enough with har gow, cha siu bao, chicken's feet, tripe, pork spareribs, seen juk guen, cheung fun etc. They also offer a menu of a la carte items on top of the dim sum.

I just didn't expect to find decent dim sum at the Palms, that's all. If you are staying at the Palms this is as good as any a place to get your dim sum on. If you're having to drive anyway then go to Chinatown.
I'm giving this 3 stars b/c i've had better dim sum, but if placed in the context of Vegas, this place probably deserves 5 stars b/c i dont know of any other dim sum places in that city. 

The people here actually speak Canto and push around the carts - major kudos. 

As far a variety goes, they have the basics. If you need a quick dim sum fix, this place is very decent and again.....this is Vegas so Cathay House is quite a gem.
This is one of the restaurants I must visit every time I come to las Vegas. Food and the service always been great ( always a plus) ! However, this visit ( October, 16th 2011) was such a disappointment and I probably won't be going there again anytime soon. We were there around noon time for dim sum. We picked all the items we would usually get at Cathy's house, the flavors were off and it looks like has been sitting out for a while and looks awful. One of our item was dry and cold, we ask one of the male server if we could exchange it to a fresher one, he just looked at us like we are crazy without saying a word and just walked away. After the meal, we went to the front desk to pay our bill. I ask the cashier lady if they have changed their chef( apparently, most of their old crew went to their new location in palms casino ) she seem wasn't very interested in talking to us, just want us hurry to pay and leave. We were just in shock and disappointed by the way we been treated and how awful their food was. How could one of the best Chinese restaurant in las Vegas become one of the worst in less then a year. What a shame!
Just landed, checked in, made up, and craaaaazzzyyy hungry.  Dim Sum?  I'm in like sin.

The late night dim sum menu is considerably smaller than the dayside one-- but I can vouch for the Hot and Sour Soup!  Large and delightful soup for about 8 dollars.  I tasted hints of chili paste and Siracha sauce in it, but it sure gave it a nice kick.

I observed a burnt out worker order a bowl of hot and sour soup for herself, and slurp that thing down like it was no body's business.

The Shu Mai ain't bad either--  a happy middle between frozen store bought kind and legit dim sum.  I'm thinking the daytime food is probably much more fresh.

Service was alright-- nothing stood out.  Food took a few minutes to come out, and water was replenished.
Too bad I can't give a -5 star. We were told that we can't eat there because we both have to order from the same restraunt(24/7 cafe is where I usually eat at.). I rarely every want asian food. The wife loves it. So we were really mad at them. This is all very sad because last time we ate there we spent almost $80 on us. Oh well their loss.
The space is very nice, once found.  A friend in town and I were wandering around the Palms while our guys played blackjack, and figured it was a good idea for a cheap afternoon snack, especially in a casino.  First, we were seated in the 24/7 cafe, and did not see dim sum on the menu.  We got up and found Cathay House, and moved in there.  The hostess never asked us what we wanted, and we had seen the dim sum menu on the flatscreen...silly misunderstanding on my part.

Once seated, we saw the small dim sum menu with the larger Chinese menu.  There were plenty of cheap items ($2.88 and $3.88) on the menu and we wanted like 2-4 to snack on.  However, when it was time to order, the waiter said after 3 the dim sum menu is limited to 3 or 4 items, all which had pork except for one.  This was not on the menu or any sign.  If it was listed that way on the flatscreen or on the menu, we probably would not have wasted our time.  So we ordered the one, shrimp dumpling listed at $2.88.  I was disappointed, and mentioned I don't eat pork, but he didn't offer an alternative.

We got the dumplings, 4 total, and they were fine.  We decided to get the bill because there were no other options, and of course we we charged $3.18 for it.  I decided not to argue because I imagine we would have been told that after 3, it goes up 30 cents or something.  But that is sketchy nonetheless.  Not in a rush to go back - I know dim sum is not really an afternoon thing but if Cathay House, which is known for dim sum, is open long hours in a casino, I would think their whole dim sum menu would be available or something should tell patrons that it is not..
Not the best ever but not too bad. I've always randomly dropped into the 24/7 cafe so when I heard they started serving Cathay House food too, I was pretty thrilled. I'm used to the limited dim sum menu at night and just be warned, this is SUPER limited. Luckily it included most of the usual stuff (my friend was a dim sum virgin) so it still worked out okay since that was the stuff I wanted to order anyway (except I really really really wanted my custard tarts). Everything tasted fine, the server was really nice, it was a tad bit crowded. Would probably not come back here specifically for dim sum unless I was already here but would happily bring my friends who want a Chinese food fix in a familiar casino setting (without the super insane casino price tag).
I grew up eating dim sum since I can remember. But service seemed to have lacked over the years. I don't know why. There food is still delicious, but they need to retrain their staff  because I know of the old staff who are great, but its the new staff that need to learn how to keep loyal customers WHO ARE NOT CHINESE to keep coming back. I know PALMS opened a Cathay house by their cafe. Terrible experience over there. I had to talk to the manager several times because my mother, grandma and I waited over 30 minutes to get our dinner served. And on top of that, they accidently gave us somebody else's order of MP shrimp, and then took it back after it was sitting in front of me for a few minutes; and then served it to the next table. Very disappointed.
just reading the reviews and trying to get in the other day was hopeless,as they have one line for both restaurants,which is lame and the here being in the Palm's , they cater probably for the celebrities.. Cathay House is behind/inside 24/7,which is crazy, so you have to deal with the help for both places, which is unorganized from my stand point, seeing all the massive people standing in line to get seated??
I am undecided to try this place as i know what good dim sum should taste and was thinking on using the promo coupon, but it seems the yelpers here think go elsewhere.. I find the most of the staff at this casino,  are unfriendly and not helpful.
This place defies my usual  rule that when imbibing in ethnic food and I am the only round eye or caucasian in the joint, the grub is gonna kick out the jams! Not so here.
Very average chinese-american food.
Great service, clean with drinkable wines by the glass but nothing to really get you coming back for more.
Cathay house's dimsum is always good but what i've noticed is that their servings have become smaller.  The steamed rice cake has become thinner.  The egg custard wasn't great. The crust wasn't thick, it lacked a few more minutes in the oven.  The custard itself wasn't firm enough.  So far the egg custard that I've liked is the one from Chang's.
I have been to this place many times.  Reasonable prices and good service.  Close to my work where I can meet for a quick lunch.
I have had dim sun and Also Authentic Chinese style dishes from Many restaurants in San Francisco Phoenix also Las Vegas the cathy house was Recommended to us we were Excited to try but wow the Excitement didn't last long this was some of the worst dim sum we have ever had I am a chef myself and I do a better job of cooking Char Siu it sad that there is such a large Asian community that support these local restaurants the owners   Should make it top Priority To make the best authentic Asian cuisine possible Quality product is will always bring repeat business
Not bad! The pot stickers really stood out to me as the best item. 

A wide variety of options. This is true dim sum. The rice was a bit to oily for my liking, and I believe ended up giving me a stomach ache after. 

The staff really pushes food on you, so make sure you come hungry! It is to the point where the waitor will place an item on your table...and you have really say no!
Was out there this past weekend and took my boyfriend out for his first taste of Dim Sum on Sunday. Uuugghh....so not what I was expecting. I see the dollar value and it wasn't worth what we paid. They didn't have the spicy mustard and their red chili sauce tasted old. Their sticky fried rice costs $4.99!! That's expensive for something so little. Everything we ate was barely warm to cold. I saw they heated some items up in the microwave from their cart because obviously it was sitting on the cart long enough to have cooled down.

Their fried stuff was the worse. I got my favorite taro wrapped meat that is fried to this lovely brown flaky crust but it was cold. Then my second favorite which is fried shrimp in sugar cane. That was cold and so disappointing. Their service was good so unfortunately, that's all I have to say about this place. I've had better and would not recommend this place to anyone nor would I come back again.
This is an easily found restaurant particularly if you intend to visit the Edinburgh Zoo or stay in the large Holiday Inn Hotel which are both almost directly opposite. The building was known as an hotel in the past but the exterior and interior have under gone a massive refit which means you sit in comfort with well laid out tables and AC for keeping you cool or hot etc.

I tried to lunch menu which is set with the option to buy either all 3 courses or just one. The evening main menu is even better with nothing too much bother to change to your taste by the host Ms Tracy Chu.

I know a lot of groups or parties are held here and the service never seems to suffer as a result. You can inform the restaurant of what party members wish to have included in their meal and any special diet taken care of.

Parking is OK after 6.30 pm and most times during the day except for bus lanes in rush hours. If you go at weekends or bank holidays its best to book or call in early as it gets very busy.
Well yes its my local and a very appreciated with all the changes and excellent food. I might just give it 5 stars after my next visit !
Friendly, nice staff, that are quick to help and great Chinese at an affordable price. I live close by and I regularly go here as its very good food. It gets a 5 star in my book.
Why I took so long to cross the road from the hotel to this little gem is beyond me.

The service and decor are excellent and the food is simply superb. They have real chopsticks too!

Highly recommended.
after checking into the holiday inn across the street hunger struck knowing typical hotel food is usually nice but over priced we turned to the good folks of Edinburgh's yelp community for a destination. as you can tell from the previous reviews this restaurant is excellent.
The meal was served up in super quick time and is by far and away the best chinese Ive had in a long time. Fresh ingredients are evident in all the meals and the taste easily reflects this.
A meal for two was very reasonable priced at roughly 30.
If you are visiting the Zoo or staying in the hotel this is definately the place to eat.
What is it, a lime flavored beverage?  A Japanese pop-rock band?  A shade of wall paint by Glidden?  No, Cool Jade is a Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh, the last restaurant I would review during my vacation, and the best Chinese restaurant I've ever visited there or anywhere.  The range of choices, the quality of delivered dishes and the overall dcor cannot be praised enough.  In less than two hours we enjoyed a range of Asian dishes I'd never seen in the many Westernized Chinese restaurants I've visited in my home town (and I've been to them all).   Unfortunately, without an online menu or even a website, it's difficult for me to detail the specific dishes ordered at Cool Jade, so I'll have to go on memory and photos.

The dcor is classy, presented as a top-notch bistro rather than a brunch-buffet location where casual eaters shovel chow mein and chop suey via forks and ladle-sized spoons into their distended stomachs...

...yeah, I admit having a tendency to offend those that support and promote westernized Chinese restaurants because I've been to China and tasted authenticity first hand.   I get asked often to recommend Chinese buffets, but for me it's like requesting a favored Arby's location--they are all the same and the quality can be graded on the same scale as your next bowel movement, which in this case arrives fast and definitely furious.  Cool Jade is exactly what I have been wishing for since my trip to China so many years ago (so many--okay, it was six).  
The initial plate was a collection of appetizers including crispy seaweed, sesame cakes, spare ribs, egg rolls, and deep fried dumplings, all resting on a warming plate.  After that we were served up shredded duck with pancakes, spicy beef, and noodles.  There was no real entre for each sitter, just a collection of plates the both of us shared from, as it should be and how it actually is in many cultures across the world.  The meal was fun and satisfying but it was the more authentic touches I appreciated like the plastic-wrapped towelette or the fact that the chopsticks were plastic.  I hate plastic chopsticks but it's one thing I clearly remembered from China.  Wooden sticks are a luxury of the west given our amount of timber.  Or how about the carrot carved into the shape of a pagoda temple or the other one in the shape of a flower.
Yeah, a pagoda temple, that level of detail.  This attention is not often seen in Westernized Chinese.  

I had been teased about Cool Jade for weeks--about how good it was, superior to other restaurants like it.  Having experience in this field I know why, because they don't compromise.  They don't pander to the tasteless, cultureless masses.  Westernized Chinese food is for people without culinary curiosity--who think that eating Chinese is them upsetting the normal order of hamburgers, steaks, and potato chips, the staple daily diet.  Cool Jade is not selling to those people.  This is for people who when they leave their homes and eat out, they want something special, an event worth remembering.  It's what I want.  It's what I got: a fantastic experience on my last day in Edinburgh.  

Of course, the meal still had to end with fortune cookies.  Some things never change.
Did I mention there was a carrot carved into the shape of a pagoda?

DECOR:  9
PLATING: 10
SERVICE:  8
FOOD:  9
VALUE:  9

OVERALL:  9 out of 10
Having spotted this on a bus into town from the Edinburgh Capital Hotel the previous day I thought I must give it a go. After a day at the zoo you work up quite an appetite, it's hilly! We headed over the road to dine. As Chinese is a favourite of ours we were looking forward to this meal, after all the previous reviews are singing its praises.

We walked in to a lovely ambience of gentle background music and were shown a nice table in the windows. The staff were really friendly and polite.

We ordered Peking Ribs, Lemon Chicken, Fillet Steak Cantonese Style, Chinese Greens and Young Chow Fried Rice. This was easily enough food for 2 hungry people. The quality of the food was excellent and great flavours, possibly the best Lemon Chicken I've ever tasted, and there's a long list to rate against!

This was washed down with a few lovely Tsing Tao beers. If I'm ever in the area again I'll be returning here!
I don't usually write reviews, but for a place as good as this I have to..Go right now! Restaurants this good deserve to be busy. This is the best Dim Sum I've ever had. It's home-made, fresh and tasty.  The restaurant is small - 7 tables or so. We had a selection of 5 different  types between two of us, which came in a 22 including soft drinks. You get 3 or 4 per portion. Plenty of food for us, if you are hungry a selection of 6 portions would do. Yes it's a bit more expensive than some other places, this doesn't matter, it is very reasonably priced for what you are getting. Will be going back this week.
This place is going to be huge. The food is fresh and excellent but importantly very reasonable. Go now so you can boast to your friends that you were there before it became famous. Dinner for two no drinks 17 quid, and we were very content and full afterwards. Try the steamed spare ribs in black bean sauce, heavenly. Highly recomend
Absolutely fantastic, you must go.  All dim sum is fresh and homemade, all amazing.  There was nothing we didn't love.  Three of us went, we each had a beer and we shared seven dim sum and some noodles between us.  Bill came to 42, great value for amazing food.  Best food I've had in Edinburgh.
I have been to this small little gem for a while. Being a Chinese, I am very picky about my food. I have eaten quite a few Dim Sums around Edinburgh and this is by far the best Dim Sum restaurant in Edinburgh. The Dim Sums are made fresh everyday. The place is small and only has about 8 tables but I guess you do have the personal attention. The menu of the Dim Sum is not extensive, but the quality of each Dim Sum is superb. I suppose they are aiming for the 'make a few but make it really good' concept. There is only one chef and a waitress and the waitress is really friendly and willing to help you with the choice of your Dim Sum. The speed of the food that comes out of the kitchen is really fast as well once you place your order so you don't have to wait long. I hope more people learn about this place as the location is horrendous as it out of the main road. All I can say is you will never regret a visit to this place for food.
Stack Dim Sum 

Ah..mazing. Fan..fn..tastick ..I have not eaten such a good meal in so long. I cannot name all the dim-sums and soups I had but I was really impressed with the taste! 

They have a tablet with all the meals on it (as well as the normal menu) which is a nice touch. Their sambal is homemade and refreshing (whilst still carrying  a lot of heat. 

The majority of the food presented is home made and you can certainly taste that.

I would recommend to go with 3 or more people as there is so much you want to try and it is a shame that you then have to limit your choices. 
We were with 5. We had Dim-sums, springrolls, chicken feet, pork belly, squid, beef broth and much more. 

They are busy most days and I recommend going earlier in the evening to avoid the crowd or call to see if they ave space. - bookings are possible.

My favourite Leith Dim-Sum place!
I tried Stack's dim sum tonight with some friends. Overall, the experience was decent: the service was good, the food came quickly and the prices were more than fair. As far as authenticity is concerned, Stack remains quite faithful to tradition: all of the familiar favorites are present on the menu.

That said, if you've experienced real dim sum in Asia or in the US before, Stack just doesn't quite cut it. The flavors, textures and freshness just aren't comparable to that of genuinely good dim sum. On the other hand, we are in Edinburgh, and I therefore think that Stack deserves a lot of credit for simply existing. If it were in New York, California or Hong Kong, Stack would deserve a couple of stars at best. However, since it's one of the only (and possibly the best) dim sum joints in town, it gets the extra star.
I love Stack Dim Sum! This small place just off Leith Walk serves absolutely delicious food and it's a great place to go with a group of friends, order a few things from the menu and share. You get a bit of everything to try. 

The menu has so many tasty things that it can be difficult to choose initially.. So far I have sampled various dumplings, char sui bun, slow braised chicken claws (yes they are delicious and again the collagen factor is one the benefits of eating this delicacy), tender braised pork pot rice, slow braised beef in with noodles in a broth. All home made and yummy. One of my favourites is the braised pork pot rice - it is just comfort food in a bowl. Also the beef noodle soup has really good flavours. 

They do a nice home made spicy chilli paste which goes well with most of the dishes. 

Go and try for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
Initially the only customers on Sunday afternoon, we'd heard good things about Stack so anticipation was high. We ordered 2 dim sum each (4 of us), so had a decent selection of the menu to try - including the chicken claws which were really only ordered out of curiousity and whilst not disgusting, I probably wouldn't order again (you spend more time picking bones out your mouth than eating the claw). 

The menu suggests ordering 2 dim sum each and a rice/noodle dish - I had the rice broth with marinated pork and 'thousand year' egg, which was fairly bland and the egg was cut up so the experience of eating the unappetising looking preserved egg was lost somewhat. It wasn't bad, and would definitely make good comfort food, like a rice porridge, but nothing exciting. The other 3 went to order 3 noodle dishes but the waitress advised that this was a bit much (despite the advice on the menu), so we got 2, and she was right - these were big portions.

I've given Stack 4 stars, despite my apparently negative review because it was good. The dim sum were tasty and perfect for sharing. The tablet with photos of the dishes in addition to the printed menu was great too. And prices are reasonable. We'll be back, but possibly won't order chicken claws or rice broth again!
I don't know much about dim sum, but what I do know from the one restaurant in San Francisco and then Stack Dim Sum on Dalmeny Street, Edinburgh, I know I like it.

With the tapas style of eating (order lots of small plates and share with everyone, so you all get to eat ALL THE THINGS) it suits my inquisitive taste buds perfectly. The only thing I didn't want to eat on the menu was chicken claws (although, according to Anita A these are great for your skin with all the collagen...) so instead we had to share amongst four folk: char sui pork buns; the pork and the prawn rice buns; mini ribs; beef won ton; duck spring roll; vietnamese spring roll; lots of other things.

The wee pork ribs were a bit too wee for me, but the beef won tons, duck spring rolls and vietnamese spring rolls were all little deep fried parcels of joy. Ample stuffing, and all very flavourful.

The food comes out very quickly, piping hot, and in an hour we had all tucked in and contented ourselves with many dim sum delights.

I would say dim sum isn't my favourite type of cuisine generally, so I won't come back here regularly for that reason. But if I do want dim sum, this is where I'll come. THe restaurant itself feels like one of those hidden gems you'd find in a 'China Town' district of a city; except that Edinburgh doesn't have a China Town. It's not fancy in decor, but it's traditional in cooking and the staff are friendly. A cool 'in the know' place for good eats. Num num dim sum!
Went here for the first time on Friday for lunch as myself and my dining companion were after something cheap, quick and not too filling. Having heard good things about this place, we felt it was worth a try. And it really really was.

The service was quick and friendly, the atmosphere cosy and comfortable, the char sui bun and pot stickers were among the best I've ever tasted. 5 plates between us and not a bad one among them, this was definitely the first of many visits to Stack!
New Menu new review. 
They have seriously shortened the menu and but the favourites on there. They added some new ones and I am a happy Jungleboy. The pork belly dishes are second to none. The dim-sum Sai-Bau is my new favourite - the pastry casing is see through and the filling so delicate and flavoursome. 
As usual we get a lot of choice and stacks of flavour. 

Thank you Joyce and their kitchen team for making sure I get my dim sum rocks off!
I wish I could love this place as much as everyone else... but it's just not there... I've had plenty of dim dim in my life and maybe the availability of Asian food in Auckland has spoiled me, or even just better dim sim places in London... but my dining experience as Stack was just... bland....

The food itself was alright... but nothing I can't buy for cheaper from the Asian supermarkets and make myself at home... The sticky rice from the A.S is actually much better than the ones at Stack... 

The menu/selection isn't great.. and I had quite a large selection of the options... but nothing was overly stand-out...

There was no condiments to go with my dim sims...  The service, considering there was 3 tables while we were there, was pretty slow and I physically had to get up to get the attention of the waitress to order more food...

I was excited that there was a dim sim restaurant in Edinburgh.. but I won't be hurrying back to Stack... There is apparently one other place in town that offers dim sim... so I shall try there next time...
It may not look like much, but Stack is full of surprises. There's a good range of dim sum - fried and steamed - all cooked and served perfectly. As well as the standard fare, there are plenty of more unusual options like chicken claws and congee. The flavours are big without being salty and none of the dishes were particularly greasy.

The asparagus and salmon dumplings were a bit of a highlight and I'm a sucker for squid cakes ("smashed" squid, if you believe the menu) and these flash-fried little packages of loveliness are a delight.

The obvious comparison is with Chop Chop, and I'm certainly not saying Stack's food is better (extensive and repeated research of both restaurants would be necessary before I committed like that). In terms of service though, Stack wins hands down. And, unless you're going for the banquet at Chop Chop (which I always find to be TOO MUCH PRESSURE) Stack's certainly better value.
Tasty dim sum and it's local!  Been wanting to try this place out for age, since seeing all the hype on here about it.  It's a small restaurant with a basic but dated interior however the steamed dim sum were good.  Wasn't overly keen on the buns although the noodles and rice were lovely and all washed down with a bottle of beer. 

The service isn't overly friendly and it's almost a little cold, but they do have a interactive tablet menu along with the regular paper menu to show you what the dishes look like.  I thought that was pretty helpful for any dim sum newbies. 

The dishes came out one by one and at different times, so it's a bit like tapas, we just shared the dishes, enabling us the try a little bit of everything.  Now I'm no dim sum connoisseur but I've been to an amazing dim sum almost fast food restaurant in China Town, New York but the portions and style of dumplings were a little different to our wee Leith establishment.  Not what I was used to.  I was expecting bigger dumplings, with more juices and bite.  

All in all, this place is still good but I'm yet to find a dumpling that will match the NY dumpling house!
We have yet to find a Chinese food place that makes up for our local closing, so decided to try Stack, although knowing it's not the greasy, fulfilling Chinese we long for. We ordered take-out and wanted to ensure it was enough food for two people, so we ordered 4 of the dim-sum and one of the glutinous rice bowls. We had the #1 Prawn Dim sum, #10 Ribs and Black Beans from the steamed menu and then the #23 Fried Squid Cake and the #24 Vietnamese Spring Rolls from the fried menu. All were delicious, especially the prawn and the Vietnamese Spring Rolls. 

The ribs were also good, but quite fatty and lots of small bones, so I was slightly turned off by eating those. The rice congee, #52 was good and hearty, but seemed to lack any salt or real flavour. I would say it would be excellent for a someone with a cold, but not an amazingly flavourful option. They did serve it with deep fried bread dough, which was so tasty. 

Overall, a delicious meal, but it wasn't nearly enough food for two people. It just wasn't super filling, but we imagine it is a great dine-in option if you have some friends to share it with and some time to linger. It is a bit pricier then most takeaway's, but it's a bit different then just getting sweet and sour chicken, and definitely worth the tasting. 

Also, they don't accept card under 25 pounds, so make sure to bring cash. 
Oddly enough, they serve a wine called Forge Mill, which I discovered at The Dogs, and have been hunting to find locally ever since. A great wine and I am excited they sell it. Definitely a place I will only dine-in from now on to get the experience, which I think makes them a great eatery.
We love Dim Sum! And this place did not disappoint!  We got the red bean trio, the duck spring rolls, and the salmon & shrimp & asparagus dumplings! SO DELICIOUS!  We could have eaten 4 plates of those duck spring rolls!  The menu suggested getting three small plates and one large to share between two. OR 6 small plates. WE opted for the first idea. It was all delicious! We can't wait to go back again!
Anyone who knows me knows I'm a big fan of new Dim Sum places in Waterloo Region.  That's what got me so excited about Hot Wheels.

For the uninitiated: what is Dim Sum?  Dim Sum is a traditional Chinese brunch that consists entirely of appetizer-like dishes. Portions tend to be bite-sized and made easy for eating with chopsticks.

Yes, it's a strange name, but Hot Wheels is a new Chinese restaurant on Victoria near Lancaster (at the site of the former Cleopatra Bar and Grill).  The place just recently opened, but I've got to say I've been impressed with what I have seen so far.  I went for lunch today and although the decor isn't much to look at, the food fails to disappoint.

A quick perusal of the menu (and even the sign out front of the restaurant) shows a great number of spelling and grammatical errors - and surely English is not the first language of the people who own and run this place, but surely I couldn't fault them for that, I am sure they know more English than I do Chinese!  Ordering for Dim Sum is quick and easy, you place your order on the sheet.

On to the food, which was a delight... Pot stickers to start were cooked perfectly with just a crispy golden brown on the bottom (hence the name, of course).  Shrimp Rice Noodle Roll (Cheung Fun) had great texture and taste, as well as plenty of shrimp.  The perennial Dim Sum favourites of Har Gow (Crystal Shrimp Dumpling) and Siu Mai (Pork and Shrimp Dumpling) were well executed in the standard Cantonese style.  I also ordered the Spare Ribs with Black Bean sauce, which led to my only complaint on the food: it seems that in their quest to give you more pork meat, the pieces of the spare ribs that had lots of little bones, which made it somewhat difficult to eat.

These five dishes with a pot of Chinese tea and taxes came to under $20!

For those looking for a more western-style Chinese food experience, there is also the standard dishes combination dishes available and a daily lunch special as well.  I look forward to having more meals at Hot Wheels, and will have ot come back for the Dim Sum...
This place is along the lines of crystal palace before new owners too over.  The dim sum is mediocre at best.  It's far behind Cameron in terms of taste.  

Everything was ok.  Couldn't find actual problems with the food (like undercooking or wrong spices ).  I don't see a reason to come here from Waterloo when Cameron is the same distance.
I agree with shane k. This place is nothing special. And their dim sum is alright. My boyfriend ordered the lemon chicken lunch special and I ordered some dim sum. His order came out pretty quick, however, I had to wait about 15 minutes for some of my dim sum to arrive. He was practically done eating by that point.
It was late Wednesday night/early Thursday morning.  The fiance and I were hungry and wanted something to eat before calling it a night.  We made our way to 24 Seven Caf in the Palms where we staying.  Oddly (but fortuitously), the hostess seated us in Fortunes, the Chinese restaurant inside 24 Seven Caf.  Other than the fact it was newer looking, had a fresh coat of paint, and was minus the stereotypical Chinese knick knacks and prints/posters depicting Chinese landmarks or scenery, we felt like we'd been transported from a casino to a family-run Chinese restaurant in a non-descript strip mall.  I say that as a very good thing.  

Fortunes' late night menu offers a wide selection of Chinese fare to include an abbreviated (from their regular menu) dim sum menu.  We split orders of the Fish Maw and Crab Soup ($7.99), Hot & Sour Soup ($3.99), Szechuan Black Pepper Steak ($14.99), and Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf ($4.99) and Shrimp Dumpling ($3.99) dim sum.  First, portion sizes were generous.  Second, the food tasted surprisingly fresh made and not as if it had been sitting around for hours waiting to be served.  In the case of the black pepper steak, it came out sizzling hot like a plate of fresh grilled fajitas.  Third, and most importantly, the food was for the most part outstanding.  The bowl of fish maw and crab soup held an ample amount of its namesake seafood.  The beige colored soup's flavor was mild and without an off-putting fishiness.  It was my first experience with this soup, and I liked it.  However, I loved the hot & sour soup.  Its natural earth tone colors were pronounced, as the ingredients didn't look muted or washed out.  It was properly salted and, unlike many hot & sour soups that I've tried, it didn't shy away from showing off its spicy and sour notes.  It was the best rendition that I've ever had!  The previously mentioned black pepper steak possessed the trademark Szechuan spiciness, but not to fear, it was far from taste bud searing in its peppery heat.  The three shrimp dumplings were plump with filling and nicely steamed.  The shrimp were flavorful and, thankfully, not overcooked and rubbery.  The only miss of the evening/morning was our two lotus leaf wrapped bundles of sticky rice.  The rice wasn't that sticky and seemed under seasoned or missing some key ingredient.  It wasn't bad; it just wasn't nearly as good as everything else we received. 

I'll be the first to admit that I don't know how truly authentic Chinese food should taste.  That said, I do know what tastes good and the Chinese fare at Fortunes, even after midnight, tasted good.  What a pleasant surprise!
If you walk in from the west parking garage into the casino. There's a Fortunes menu  at the door, can't miss it. This is how I found out they had specials with your player's card. Must present your card to the server.  We constantly get comps each month for the Dim Sum but I doubt I'll ever use them. 

They have two menus here, Fortunes & Dim Sum menu.

On Tuesday the Shrimp Fried Rice is $7.99, I have tried their Sweet & Sour Chicken for $9.99. Really delicious food. I have not tried the Dim Sum menu because I'm not very adventurous. I just stick to what I know.

The service in here is consistent, the food comes out hot & fresh. We've had one issue but we mentioned it to our waitress and she took care of it immediately.  Happy yelping everyone. :D
The food is alright, but the service is terrible.  I'm here right now, waiting for my food and have been here for like 20 years waiting on the staff.  I came in clean shaven, and am beginning to feel a beard growing.  When they DO get around to you, most are rude.

But the food's alright though - did I mention that?

1 star rating -- chalk it up to that "WORLD-CLASS" service.
Good Food, Poor Service
4 stars for food, minus three for service because there was none. Food was authentic, especially considering the restaurant was part of the Palms' coffee shop.
Our waiter was cold and absolutely paid no attention to us. Never return after taking orders and placing orders on table.
The bus person was good and helpful. Since we were going to a show after dinner, so we waited and waited for our check, finally had to ask another waiter for it (while our waiter was cleaning table and just ignored us while we signaled for our checks several times).
It is a shame, we been to other restaurants at the Palms, service this time was the  worst. 
Too bad, the waiter never bother to introduce himself, otherwise would have complained to management. May be he had good reason for not letting patrons knowing his name.
The waiter was wearing glasses.
DO THIS FIRST!
Sign up and get the Club Palms card first if you plan on dining at Fortunes or the 24/7 cafe that Fortunes is attached to.  You will instantly pay $1-2 less at the Club Palms price compared to their regular price. What's a $buck?  If you have any previous experience ordering dim sum, then you know these dollar savings add up quickly and can be used instead for tipping the waitstaff or funding your quest to accumulate enough slot points to redeem for a Palms shot glass.

With that said here is my unusually more succinct review based on my observations from my 2 recent visits to Fortunes.  In general, Chinese speaking customers definitely receive slightly better service from the Chinese Fortunes staff, I am hypothesizing that it is partially due to their English language skill.  When I heard them speak in Chinese they sound friendly, but when the same staff speak to English speaking customers it does not come across as nicely and could be interpreted as brusque.  Just an observation like I said.

So what about their dim sum?  Before Fortunes, this spot was called Cathy House, which also had a dim sum offering, which was pretty good for Vegas standards.  I am not sure what happened and why the name change, and definitely not at all privy to the employment status of the chefs and cooks that worked there before and after the name change. What I do know is that the dim sum menu may still look similar, but the overall quality has gone down the proverbial drain.

The only item I ordered that I still considered good was their Pork & Shrimp Shu Mai.  Their Steamed Pork Rib Black Bean and Stuffed Bean Curd Skin with Pork & Shrimp were both just okay.  Baked Egg Yolk Cream Bun, used to be great here, but now I will avoid this greasy over-baked dessert pastry with very miniscule filling. But the other usual dim sum staples such as Shrimp Steamed Rice Roll (worst I have ever had in 3 different continents where I have had dim sum) and Crystal Shrimp Dumpling were really bad.  It felt like the items were not fresh and was reheated from the previous day's left over batch and/or the "wrapper" was made poorly, contributing to the odd rough texture (it should be silkier than what I had).  Needless to say, I will not be back for dim sum here until the overall quality has improved.  Not to mention that in spite of the relative dearth of dim sum restaurants here in Las Vegas, there are still better dim sum alternatives within reasonable driving distance.

Aside from dim sum (main menu available until 3pm only, after that you have to be content with just 6 items on their limited menu) they serve up a typical Chinese restaurant menu offering with 3 different pho (Vietnamese noodle soup). As I have never tried this portion of their menu, it will not factor into my review.  But the restaurant does have some enticing daily specials that may be worth checking out (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fortunes-las-vegas-2?select=L1swxxmabddvxirB3ee-sw#GSABGYz6StpwDQbG0EOCdQ).

As food quality and taste is the most important factors in my review, I sadly have to only give this current incarnation of the dim sum restaurant inside the Palms a 1 star review.  The service is okay, and definitely have room for improvement.  But if you are trying to attract Asian gamblers and comping them with dim sum (which I am sure they are very well aware of and come with certain expectations of minimum standard for quality and taste), then this marketing ploy is deeply flawed and in much need of revamping.

1 star only. But I am keeping my fingers cross for vast improvments in the near future.
If you are Chinese don't go here! We got lost finding this place inside the Palms. Who knew it would be a restaurant in the back of a restaurant. . I thought to myself," Oooo this place might be nice because there were no forks on the table"... then they brought the forks. I was so offended (My girlfriend is a beautiful white girl and sometimes they assume westerners can't use chopsticks. Come on! even Japanese restaurants know better than that. Assume everyone knows how to use chopsticks.) To solve this each time I place the forks on the next table over.  

The food was all basic entry level dim sum stuff. Stuff sat out too long. Seriously made to order would be better instead of this old stuff. That would have saved my experience. They had PF Chang like stuff on the menu too like Chow Mein, General Tso, pro-bally orange chicken...etc . If you use a fork at any Chinese Restaurants you might like this place. Really expensive too.
2 stars because the food I was able to get was hot and well prepared the pork ribs are delicious the ha chang was bland and rubbery . Overall it's an embarrassment to the Palms - no service no hostess , one lonely hot food trolley almost empty at 12 noon on Sunday , no prep of the correct sauces for the dishes , nobody changing plates as dimsum creates a lot of bones , very sad dessert selection - overall can't imagine how they could mess this one up the space is nice and I like Palms - KJ still king of the Vegas dim sum mountain and only a block away .
Literally shit. Do yourself a favor and go to the food court in Palms, because the Chinese food here is horrible. 

First, we ordered the pho, expecting some sort of resemblance to the savory Vietnamese noodle dish familiar to our (admittedly) spoiled taste buds. Unfortunately, the noodles were too thick, the broth had no flavor, and the temperature was lukewarm. 

Next, we got the orange chicken, which was worse than Panda Express's. Once again, it was cooked to a lukewarm temperature, but the texture of the chicken made it apparent that it was bought from Costco or something. 

Finally, to everyone familiar with Chinese/Taiwanese hotpot: it's not hotpot. A more appropriate title would have been "beef stew."

Btw it's really expensive without Palms club membership.
I ordered pretty simple items, the food was okay; service was lagging, but not too bad. 

I ordered sweet potato fries and steamed pork buns. Not too bad. The buns were just okay. Sweet potato fries were good, but not sure how you could mess that up, honestly. Alright for a quick bite to eat, but I wouldn't come here looking for a substantial meal.