DISGUSTING !! I had lunch there yesterday. Half way through there was a hair in my sub. It looked like a pubic hair. I took up to the manager and he offered to make me a new one. Since he was the one who made it in the first place I respectfully declined. How about you guys where hair nets or beard nets. I will not go back to this place again.
Great cousins!  The subs are always good and they have a grill!  If you want Cousins, GO TO THIS ONE!
This has been my favorite location to get pizza in Madison since I was a child. It used to be such a treat to get those pizza twins and argue over the toppings with my sister and I always remember being thankful when i had it. Not much has changed since, other than the fact that I can afford it eat it when I want now! I probably order from there 5 to 7 times a month on average and I can't forget their slices which they have available from (11 to 2). I'm a fan of the inferno wings, hell all of the chicken there is above satisfactory in my estimation. The Zesty Djion BBQ sauce is one of a kind and I've never seen it replicated in any other restaurant. It's perfect for the crust  and chicken alike. I'll admit at times it's greasier than I like but overall it's one of my favorite pizzas in the city from the cheese to the sauce.
Just can't get decent pizza in Wisconsin... sorry... but someone needs to head down to Chicago and learn how to make a pizza.

This place piles sauce and toppings on a crust that can't support it.  you end up with a slide off mess.  Flimsy crap.
Grease running down my hand. That's a first. Maybe that's appealing to some people, but definitely not me.

Sorry, Pizza Pit staff. 

[Cue the Tim & Eric "Ya blew it!" .gif.]
The pizza here is OK, the staff here is friendly, and they have good daily deals.
Bottom line -  if you NEED to see your football game, this bar will have it guaranteed.  Seating is a bit limited, so get there at least an hour early to get a decent seat in front of your screen.  If you can go to a Champps, you'd be better off there.
Not a bad spot to watch a Vikings game in Madison.  There will be only two games with audio at once, one of them will always be the packers.  Many TVs, but there will be one, maybe two screens to watch your game - most tvs are about 30 inches.  Food is ok.  Cheese curds were great, nachos were nothing special, wings are mediocre at best.  Frosty mugs for your beer was a nice touch.  Free popcorn too.  Grub is cheap (nachos, wings, pitchers of beer $25)
The one problem I had was that we only had one 32-inch screen (with audio) for about 30 vikings fans, and they cornered us in the game room next to air hockey and basketball arcade games, so it was an annoying distraction to listen to that all game.  You would think they'd show at least two screens in that room for us. For fellow vikes, you get a great community mn experience.
This place is fun!  Huge space, lots to do... limited parking, but park down the street.  I went there with a big group & saw SuperTuesday (great cover band, 1st time seeing them)  This place is pretty close to my place & I can see myself going more often.  There's something for everyone.  And if you are a girl, you can always get to the bar (just smile).
Don't bother going here to watch the NFL unless you're a Packers fan.  Refused to turn up volume in a room full of Bears fans so we could actually hear the game.
Ok crowd. Good place to see concerts. But stupid expensive drinks and the bartenders do not give very good service. I've downgraded this place to only a concert stop. And only then if there is nothing else going on.
Pooley's has too small of a parking lot to host too large of event.  Beware that the Madison Cops watch the side streets and are ready and waiting to write parking tickets.  Friends and I recently went to Pooley's for a Madison County Concert. The parking lot had over flown into the neighboring parking lots and folks ended up parking on the side street. After the show we found that everyone that parked around the corner on Cross Hill Drive had parking tickets issued.  I know we won't be going back there anytime soon.
Parking there is a pain in the ass. The ever popular MPD wasted no time in ticketing 10+ cars parked around the corner. The signs read, no parking between 10 PM and 5 AM - hrm, seems be aimed directly at the Bar business. WTF.  Perhaps the obnoxious, money grubbing city of Madison could consider issuing *warnings* first, or make the tickets a nominal fine, like 5 bucks. Oh, we can't do that and still fund the liberal bike boxes, can we ? Or buy snow making machines. So instead of wisely spending money, they'll sock it to people out and about. Way to go Madison. 

The bar itself is fine, plenty of room, except, the bathrooms - they should put in MORE! There were girls in the men's bathroom waiting to use the stall.
I have been going here a long time. Since they opened. Since they had Inddor Sand Courts. The staff are friendly. Not sure about this new food service.... But I don't goto a bar for food. I goto a bar to have fun. 
This place is a blast, did I forget to mention about the outdoor patio and live music. 
No I do not work there. No I do not own anything. I am just someone who has always been treated right. I feel that when a place treats you right. You do the same.
Typical sports bar layout: taps, cheap drinks and a ton of tv's. They've a semi-separate room for pool and darts. 

Saw the Packers opener here. The table service was friendly and polite, and very quick with drinks. 

The rounds ordered from the bar were quick, too. The bartenders were good guys, joked a lot, and seemed happy to be there doing what they do...which is exactly what I look for. 

Also of note, they have an insane amount of sports memorabilia, with a ton signed, from all across the spectrum and the last six-plus decades. 

This place is definitely worth a visit or two, as the atmosphere was great for the game. A bit long of a wait for typical bar food is the only drawback.
This place is awful.  

Drinks are way overpriced and weaker than a popcorn fart.

The place is filthy inside and smells like a old, sweaty jock strap.

Staff is slower than molasses and you'd see the Minnesota Vikings in the Super Bowl before you get served.

Always a testicle festival.  No hot single chicks here.  

Rather buy a 12 pack of Ultra and spend my Friday night under a bridge.

Go Packers!!!!!!
We went here to watch football on Sunday, and even though they were very very slow...service was lacking.  They seem to have a lot of regulars around the bar, who occupy the attention of the bartenders. Otherwise, being a "regular" customer, it was hard to get service. I was also a little bit disturbed because the girl bartender, who clearly just rolled out of bed after a long new years eve celebration, was sitting on the counter..with her shoes placed on the SAME spot where they place the clean glasses--mouth down. 

The atomosphere was great, and I think this could be a great place to watch a game, but wouldn't make the drive back out there with the service we had.
If you are a sports fan and enjoy all kinds of memoribilia then this is a place for you.  They have so much memoribilia and signed stuff.  Very fun to look at.

This is a great place to watch a Badger game if you don't have tickets.

The food is great too.  I personally recommend the Italian beef and sausage combo with peppers.  Wash is down with a cold beer and you are set.
This would be the perfect site for the TV shows "Bar Rescue" or "Kitchen Nightmares."
The biggest weakness was the waitress we had. Slow service for both the drinks and our food. This is a bar: the drinks should have come fast and furious. The food arrived before the plates. The waitress forgot my water. Waitress never checked to see if I wanted another drink.
Places like this should be using mystery shoppers to test and improve their service. And this bar is in Madison, WI, where there are a million other bars one can go to.
Pooley's has partnered with a new restaurant and the food is AMAZING! I was skeptical to return there after a bad experience with the old restaurant owner and the food has improved 150%... I will definitely be going back for nachos and the Italian beef and enjoy myself a Capitol Seasonal!
I love your open-faced Signature Turkey sandwich, Turkey Sausage & Cheddar Egg Sandwich, and Strawberries & Creme Smoothie, but why oh why are you sssooo expensive? You wonder why you rarely have people in here- it's because you charge $8 for a bagel sandwich with meat and some veggies inside. And you have Jack in the Box, KFC, Taco Bell and Starbucks all within the same shopping area as you for breakfast/lunch competition. 

Note: This place is identical to Noah's (a overpriced sandwich place) that is in California (where I'm from). You will see a lot of similar (if not the same things) at both places.
First reviewer was correct about the pricing. A little overpriced. But by far the best bagels I have ever had. The plain, honey wheat, onion, asiago, and potato bagels are awesome and I love the Onion and chive cream cheese. I have never had a bagel so soft anywhere else. Their tasty turkey sammich is good too along with their potato salad.
Totally agree with the other reviewers about Einstein's being overpriced. A small coffee alone costs $1.91 after tax and adding cream cheese to a bagel costs more than the bagel itself. Sure, the bagels are pretty good, but this is Mesa, not New York City.

My real beef with this place, though, is the customer service. Although there are always plenty of people behind the counter, I have waited numerous times in a line that reaches the door. On my visit this morning, I saw a customer walk in, see the line, and turn right back around. Also on my visit today, I tried using a coupon for a "free bagel thin with light shmear." The picture in-store advertised the bagel thin with pink cream cheese and my kids were excited to get their bagel with strawberry cream cheese (which is also listed as one of their reduced-fat options, which means "light," right?) When I ordered this, however, I was told that this was not possible because corporate is only allowing them to use ONE kind of light shmear for this promotion. Even the general manager refused to make a substitution, while watching my 3-year-old cry with disappointment (I know, it's a little thing, but come on, he's 3.) So congratulations, Einstein's at Gilbert & Baseline. You've just made a customer never want to return over your refusal to substitute 2 tablespoons of cream cheese. Do you think that's what corporate had in mind?
Tried the 6 cheese bagel. My gawd it was cheesy! Also tried the BLTA on bagel thin and it was pretty good. I love the sauce on it. What I really wanted to update everyone on is that they have a good deal on soup. You can get a cup of soup that is pretty large for 3.95 and it comes with a bagel of your choice. I think thats a pretty good deal. Soups vary day to day... The cheesy broccoli was what I tried and although I wasn't a big fan of it, its still a a great value if you can find a good soup.
I so want to like this place. It's in a perfect location, prices are reasonable, food quality is good; but the customer service is bad beyond belief. The people are friendly, but don't seem to understand that servicing the customer is job one. I've waited for 3 or 4 minutes at the counter waiting for someone to take my order. Likewise, I've waited the same time for someone to show up to take my money. Come on guys, it isn't that tough to cross train your employees and have them flex into work stations as people come and go.
This place disappoints.  One time I came in and they stuffed my bagel and lox with so many capers that it inedible, I had to flick them all off.  The last time I came in (and I do mean last) there were a group of teens working... well not actually working but standing around talking and playing tricks on each other.  When they finished making my bagel they just let it sit there and didn't bother calling my name.  I had to interrupt them and ask them if I could have my bagel.  It's disappointing because I use to come in this place often and the service was quick and friendly but they must be under new management now.
Nice neighborhood location with an adequate seating area. The menu is the standard Einstein menu however I had a Thintastic egg sandwich and it was prepared very well (looked like the picture on the menu board). Restaurant was clean but he men's room could have used a good scrubbing. Good coffee is an Einstein plus.
Thank God, it wasn't busy because the service was so slow.  Manager was not impressive, she ignored that I was standing in front of the register and helped the next person in line then when that customer insisted I go first she acted like it was such a big deal to delete part of the previous customers order.  She actually glared at me?!  

Bagels were stale and blah as usual.  I hate coming here and I only come here to satisfy my kids.  

This store also doesn't deliver the bagels to your table.  They acted like I was self entitled when I raised hand at my table after my name was called.  Another glare from the manager followed by a "there is no way in hell l'm delivering these to your table look".  

Awesome!
NO! Do you want a bagel? Do you really want one? Ok, since you insist, there is a trader joes, a fry's and a Walmart nearby.
Pick one of those places and buy yourself some bagels. 
Just don't come here, they don't deserve you.

The service will be horrible. They will take a long time to take your order, even longer to make your food, and you will stand there waiting for your food wondering how there can be 6 employees behind the line with no other orders ahead of you and it's been 15 minutes and you still have no food.

Once you finally receive your food, you will leave ASAP because you can't stand the incompetence and also you want to eat in a place that does not look like a high school cafeteria after a food fight.

When you get home, your order will be wrong. You have been warned.
Customer service is nonexistent here.  Employees are not friendly at all.  Bagels were good, but not worth the lack I found personality from the employees.  Second visit w/ my family of 4.  Not a difficult order and not a busy time.  Next time we'll drive further to go to Bagel Nosh, Brueggers, or another Einstein on Val Vista where hopefully the employees will be less robotic.
There are few things in life that make me truly happy. Babies being born, sunny afternoon trips to hang out with a few buddies and maybe the most important one of them all, really good food! The problem with most BBQ places is that there are those who have come to believe that throwing a few pieces of meat on the grill followed by a massive coating of sickly sweet sauce is real BBQ. 

Why then would people spend long hours tending smoke filled pits that sometimes look like they came off the back of a old tractor or the family car? Simple because it is NOT REAL BBQ UNLESS IT IS COOKED LOW AND SLOW!!! The smoke is as important as the meat itself when it comes to making lip smacking Q. It not only adds flavor it also adds a nice smoke ring that lets you know that the meat you are stuffing in your face is real BBQ and not some baked in the oven, made at someones mom's house, under flavored mess. I should have known better than go to a place that claimed to be masters of what they call Chicago style BBQ. 

First off there is no such thing as anybody with a real taste for BBQ knows there are five main areas or styles. Memphis, Texas, St. Louis, Kansas City, and South Carolina style. Chicago does not even come close to making this list. Each region offers a different take or variation on BBQ and those variations are almost like a calling card that informs others as to the origin of the food they are eating. The food from this place did none of those things. This was my first time visiting this chain restaurant so I went in with eyes and nose open to all they had to offer. 

It is no secret that when I walk in to your business that three things must happen in a matter of seconds or I am gone. First off the place should be clean not just look it  (clean floors but disgusting bathrooms). The staff must welcome you or at least acknowledge your presence, and finally the prices should be clearly marked along with the items being offered. As I said this was my first time in this place so I walked in and took a look around. They seem to have really put a little time and effort into creating what they believe is the ideal Q eating establishment. Clippings of newspaper write ups on the company founder, the food and even local charities they help (nice). They even have what I like to call a BBQ battle station. 

This consisted of three bottles of their sauce in various stages of flavor and heat levels, malt vinegar for those who enjoy a more vinegar based sauce, and even ketchup for little kids who do not like the BBQ sauce.  Note: the lack of wet naps that are often handed out at BBQ places should have tipped me off to the lack of sauce issue they have. They do offer free drink refills which is nice given that the cups are on the small side for what they charge, I believe it was $1.59 for a small or $1.99 for a large unless you get a combo meal then it comes with your meal. 

The prices range from $2.79 for a Vienna Beef Hot Dog to $14.99 for one of their three meat dinner combos. They also serve Italian beef sandwiches ( the reason I ate there in the first place) which tasted OK but the jar peppers they used over powered the meat and made the bread soggy. I also tried the beans and rice which seemed to be just that and nothing more! No salt, pepper, not even a little shot of onion or any flavor enhancer to be found. Their potato salad was on the sweet side as if it had been made with miracle whip or sugar was added either way yuck. I also had a few bites of their pulled pork sandwich which did have a nice amount of meat but REALLY lacked in flavor. 

The meat was almost mushy and only had a small splash of sauce. Now normally some places drown their sandwiches in sauce resulting in everything being overpowered with it but any real BBQ master knows that the sauce should only be added to enhance already well prepared meat. It can not make up for over/under cooked, under seasoned meat period!! But this is one of those times I think it could have made the food better. So to sum it all up I would recommend this place to those who are looking for a OK Italian beef place in the Mesa area but as for the BBQ I would suggest you let this little piggy go otherwise you will be the one crying whaa all the way home LOL.
I've been here a few times and all the times I've been here the place is always well kept and clean. The food is pretty good. The bbq sauce they offer is delicisous but they only have two types of sauces. The prices are a bit pricey but would recommend to try this place at least once.
I used to eat at Tom's years back, and coming back here for lunch, everything's pretty much the same.  They do have the new addition of sugar free bbq sauce, which is very nice.  The burgers are decently sized and satisfying, and the fries are a perfect addition to eat with it.  The Italian beef sandwich, compared to others I've had in Arizona, is a good value, but I don't think it's necessarily the best Italian beef here.  The sandwich automatically comes with peppers which is nice, and is full dipped for you.  The broth was a little saltier than say, Lobby's, and there wasn't as much beef in the sandwich, although the beef itself seemed more tender.

The last time I ate their bbq sandwiches was years back, so I'll have to come here again to try out their bbq items.
The proprietors are trying really hard to have excellent service in a clean, well organized restaurant, so I'm giving them three stars, even though the food probably doesn't merit it.

I had their ribs yesterday. I took them naked with mild sauce on the side (hot is also available). The sauce was thick and sweet, but I didn't care too much for the flavor. It had too much tomato flavor and didn't seem particularly well-balanced. The meat was plentiful but not so tasty. It was tough and stringy, without much taste even though it had been seasoned. I really wanted to like their ribs because they were so nice when I ordered, but I just didn't care for them.

I also ordered a side of mashed potatoes without gravy. They were sort of bland, but silky smooth. In fact, they were so smooth that I wonder if they were from a mix, but I couldn't tell so I'll give them credit for blending them well. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have cornbread.
I like Tom's.  It's good, serviceable BBQ.  The portions are reasonably generous, the sides are good (I particularly like their potato salad, though I'm not sure they make it themselves.. whatever it is, it's good).  But I can only give Tom's 3 stars because their BBQ sauce is utterly uninspired.  Not bad, mind you, just not... inspired.  The brisket, pulled pork, and hot links are my usual fare.  Lots of potential for improvement here, but not bad as is.  I'll keep coming back because the place is clean, friendly, and not a franchise operation.  3 stars on the Brak-o-Meter, but it's a solid 3+.
I'm no expert when it comes to food, or BBQ for that matter. I've heard some people argue that this is not real BBQ. Honestly though, even a hint of my hometown food is good enough for me. This place is just enough for me to eat and be happy.

My wife and I love Vienna hot dogs, and until recently, I thought we'd never have them again unless we took a trip back to Chi-town. I was wrong, as they have brought a bit of home to us. This isn't the only place to do so, but they sure do it the way we like it and with a pleasant atmosphere. We also enjoy a nice Italian beef with au jus. I tend to get the hot giardiniera and sport peppers. The taste of these with their respective food is otherworldly in my book. This location in particular has never done me wrong and I doubt they could. They still have plenty of dishes I need to try and regardless of how it's cooked, as long as it's fresh, hot, and tasty, it will be devoured by yours truly.

It's just too bad they don't have jumbo dogs...
Not bad. Not bad at all. Everythiing I have had here has been great. Ribs could be a little meater. But other then that. Great Place. Priced well as well.
The BF and I went here last night for dinner and it was pretty good. The place is really close to our house, so I'm surprised we hadn't been here before, but we had a living social deal that was on the brink of expiration so we had to go use it! This restaurant is fairly cute inside with adequate seating and a neat looking phone booth thing in the back. I ordered Tom's favorite sandwich or something like that. It had pulled pork with onions, hot peppers, some sauce, amongst other unidentifiable foods. I thought the sandwich was tasty, but the bread was really wet and the whole thing was falling apart. The BF got a bbq pork sandwich and it was good, not the most flavorful sandwich in the universe, but not bad. Despite this not being the most exciting place to eat, I will definitely be back because it is close to my house and they have vienna beef hotdogs (which is what I'm totally getting next time....yum!).
I personally love Toms BBQ while they are a small hole in the wall place (which I personally think the best foods come from) they serve an amazing array of BBQ options. The pulled pork sandwich is a never fail option of for me, served with a tablespoon of coleslaw and just the right amount of bbq sauce( be sure ask for their hot sauce if you like a little kick). My Fiance loves their fried fish(fried perfectly and has just the right amount of breading) and ribs(which are always juicy and full of meat). Overall this is one of my favorite lunch spots.
It looked from the outside like a small place,  so when my buddy and I went in, we really weren't expecting much --- but let me tell you --- this is an incredible BBQ joint.  Honestly probably the best BBQ I've ever had.  I find myself craving their BBQ pulled pork sandwiches on practically a daily basis.  It's juicy, and so tender.  I've never had pork this tender before.  They serve it with some cole slaw, and if you want, a side.  I always get their AMAZING potato salad.  I thought my mother made the best potato salad on the planet, but I'm now convinced (Sorry, Mom) that Tom's is the best.  

If you haven't had a chance to make it to this gem of a BBQ place, I suggest you do.  My buddy that was with me is from Chicago so he had high expectations on the hot beef sandwich, and couldn't stop raving about it.  

Tom's BBQ --- if you love good homemade smoked and grilled goodness you'd be insane to not eat here!
Totally agree with another reviewer.  I've lived in Memphis which has sweet BBQ sauce or dry rub, Kansas City which has spicy sauce with a little kick, and Texas which serves savory BBQ and savory sauce.  I've eaten Carolina BBQ in the Carolinas for their vinegar and mustardy sauces.  I went to Chicago for their dogs and pizza, but Chicago doesn't have it's own BBQ.  

Believe it or not though, this was not the worst BBQ I've ever had, but far from the best.  

The sauce did have its own unique flavor, just not sure if I liked it or not.  It was different, had almost an Asian taste to it.  So, I probably wouldn't go back.  I'll keep searching for good BBQ in the valley.
Ordered a combo platter to go--rib tips and tri-tip.

The rib tips are different in that there's no "rack" of bones... they seem to cut off the ends through the cartilage area.  Upside is no bones and a good amount of meat.  Downside is gotta proceed with a bit of caution as there are bits of cartilage in what looks like a chunk of meat.

Sauce and flavour is pretty good--I have no idea whether it's authentic Chicago style or not.  But the ribs definitely did not have that slow cooked BBQ taste.

But the prices are pretty affordable and the menu is big with pulled pork, sausages/links, chicken, fried fish, and fried catfish and some sandwiches, too.  I don't think I'll get more ribs here but the other things look like they're worth trying.

Ambience is casual (at this site) but place is clean enough.
I only get out here a few times a year and am always delighted at how good this place is. The Italian beef rules!
I work pretty close so I go to Tom's all the time. Pulled pork sandwich and the No Bones About It platter are awesome. Not a fan of the rib tips though... Quick service and a decent price.
I'm from TX so I know good bbq and I thought this place was good but not to die for.  I don't think I would come back if we are ever in the area.  You order up front and the lady at the counter was nice enough.  Their restroom is kind of "hidden" which was a neat quirk.  

If you live in the area or are in the area and want some bbq, definitely give it a try for yourself but don't come out here just for the food.  THat's my take.
Here's my take.  The BBQ is good.  I sampled the ribs, rib tips and the brisket.  The sauce, however, is average.  For me personally, it could use a little more acid (vinegar).  The hot sauce (not BBQ) is pretty good.

The Italian beef is very tasty and the fried mushrooms and pickles are great.  My brother had the fish and chips, which seem odd at a BBQ joint, but he enjoyed them.  I saw a sign that said they have all you can eat fish and chips on Fridays.

There's also some food challenge which includes 3 sandwiches and 2 fried sides.  Finish it and you get $32.  It doesn't seem that daunting to me, but it looks like there are only a handful of winners.
I have been at quite a few BBQ restaurants (originally from the south.) I found it be pretty decent! I have the pulled pork; it wasn't dry, the BBQ sauce was really good! It reminded me of the BBQ place I would go to back home. I would recommend this place!
When I was here two years ago I remember really liking the potato salad and the pie, especially the really good pie crust, but not being highly impressed with the BBQ sauce and rib. Today the whole thing meal wowed me. I got the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich with potato salad on the side and all were delicious. The pulled pork was melt-in-your-mouth tender and there was a generous portion on the $5.99 sandwich. It was mild in flavor and not over salted. The BBQ sauce was not overly spicy nor overly sweet and was perfect on the pork. Even the pickle slice, while not very big, was delicious and top quality. I'll have to come back to try the Italian Beef and Catfish.
Ridiculously good barbecue. I ordered the two meat meal with brisket and rib tips with macaroni salad and bbq beans for sides. The Brisket and rib tips were excellent. Perfect smoke flavor, nice crisp "bark," and tangy sweet bbq perfectly coating the meat. The macaroni salad is amazing and the baked beans are good too.  I'm stuffed right now, yet craving more. Tom's is awesome. This is one great bbq joint, "no butts about it!"
Great BBQ, excellent service. Had a half rack of ribs and could barely finish it. Sauce is a little sweeter than I like, but no real complaints. I left full and happy.
Love it!  Now a new fave. 

Only complaint was that there seemed to be only one chick working the front, and it could have been more efficient/productive if she had some help.

But the food is delicious, well worth the money.  Their BBQ is to die for, can't wait to go back!
I tried Tom's for the first time today in my qwest for tasty barbecue close to home.  I had a brisket sandwich with fries.  The brisket was tender and smokey.  I just happen to not be a fan of sweet BBQ sauce and Tom's sauce almost bowled me over with the smell and flavor of cinnamon or nutmeg in the sauce.  The only other sauce option appeared to be hot.  I would have scored this place better if there was another sauce option.  Other than that the establishment was clean and the staff friendly.  I would definitely recommend this to people who enjoy the sweet BBQ sauce.
The food was overpriced and not very good. The staff is rude, I ordered a sandwich with no peppers and it was smothered in peppers. I had been to the one on McKellips and was happy. The Country Club is somewhere I will never go again.
Excellent cafeteria tray style bbq with cool combos, good sauces, beer, and quality food. Can't go wrong with this authentic bbq
Have been going here for 4-5 years now and never had a meal that was not excellent. I used to have the BBQ but lately have been having the Italian Beef sandwich, which is also very good. Only issue is that sometimes they put too much sauce on it and the bread falls apart so I get it dry and dip it in the sauce myself.

Curly fries are great but the serving is too big for me (wish they would sell a 1/2 serving which is still enough for 2 people. Their regular fries are also very good. 

Michele does an excellent job here and you will be happy with just about anything!
Sorry Tom. But this ones for you. It's all about the food and service for me. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with onions strings. Very friendly service at the register. I got my food very quickly. It was a Tuesday and kids eat free on Tuesdays! Love that. But when I got my food my pulled pork sandwich was super soggy, when you bite into the pulled pork sandwich it's a mixture of water juices and soggy bread with a load of BBQ sauce on 1 side of the sandwich. So I got myself some extra BBQ sauce and tried picking this thing up to eat it and it just falls apart everywhere. This is a sandwich you will most likely need a fork for. If you like licking your fingers and making a mess, go for it! The onion strings were good, really greasy and I would prefer needing to be a little crispier...but they were good. All in all the service is great very nice staff, very nice place.i will need to test out the brisket next.... And then the ribs. This is strike one, maybe they can make a home run with me next time.
I always enjoy trying new styles of bbq, this is Chicago style bbq! Being from Texas you get used just one style TEXAS! The location is in a strip mall a decent but not very desirable area. When I first walked in the place had interesting decor from the bathroom doors being a Pepsi machine! The wait was a little long to order at the counter but I'm a patient man. I ordered up the brisket sand which basket came w one side and a pickle for about $10. Little over priced but it did come w a drink. The brisket was served w a little fat which I like and the sauce was good. The  potato salad tasted pre made from a tub. I'd recommend trying the place once but not sure I'll be back as there are certainly better bbq in phx.
In impressed! 6/3/14 The staff were less than happy to see me. The sandwich was small and there is too much cinnamon in there sauce. The pulled pork was lacking flavor. Fries were ok.
BBQ is one of my favorite past times. The food here is pretty good but nothing to write home about. Maybe the menu is just too big or they have spread themselves a little too thin.

Inside is decorated with all sorts of items from the Chicago area. The walls are covered with plenty to look at and they even have an old timey phone booth in the back section. Ring ring!

Been here a few times and usually get some of the Brisket and possible a Hot Link. The meat is always tender and not dry like other places. The BBQ sauce is just a little too sweet for this bad boy. Would like to see a sauce with less stickiness per square inch. Maybe there is just too much molasses or corn syrup in there.

They also offer a large variety of many of the Chicago favorites. Chicago Dogs, Italian Beefs, so forth and so on. Maybe I'll take the Dog for a walk around the block next time.

Service is always friendly. Maybe too friendly. I'm usually in a hurry and sometimes do not feel like chatting about life's particulars. You do have to give them credit for trying. Some places just give you the stink eye and expect you to be happy.

Going with an average score of A-OK on this puppy. Give them a try and see what you think. I'll probably be back again for one of their lunch specials. Maybe I'll bring my own sauce. WUZ UP!

3.25 STARS
Everything is great except for the fried wings. The wings are very bland and have no flavor. The BBQ WAS Incredible, the beans, mashed potatoes, gravy, and oh the onion strings are incredible.
Small place located in a strip mall.  There are tables and they take  your order but it is nothing fancy.

the food is great, fresh ingredients, good portions at excellent prices.

If you like east coast egg fu young, this is the place for you.  The pork fried rice more like the east coast as well.

Lunch special prices start at $2.99.   3 of us had dinner and were stuffed with some left over for $30.
If you like a good "hole in the wall," and really excellent high quality food, you will love the China Pearl. The food there is very well made and they use very high quality ingredients. If you go, be sure to ask for the salt and pepper shrimp (not on the menu) and be ready for a real treat.
Very good egg flower soup! And authentic dishes... Staff is awesome.
China Pearl is the closest takeout place to my house so I've eaten their food numerous times. It's really pretty good. The egg rolls are decent, not the best I've ever had but fairly tasty. The dumplings are good. The egg foo young is good. The tangerine and orange chicken is good. The fried rice is good. I usually get veggie fried rice and I wish it had water chestnuts and really just more vegetables - the diced carrots and peas seem so "frozen food." Load it up with mushrooms, pea pods, bok choy, broccoli, etc. 

On the plus side, I recently ordered shrimp fried rice - and it was really loaded with tasty shrimp. So, kudos!

I had been a big fan of their lo mein soft noodles but the last time I ordered the noodles, they came with long pieces of essentially raw carrot mixed in that got stuck in my teeth and made it hard to swallow the noodles. It was a bit strange. I couldn't get a nice forkful of noodle deliciousness without crunching or being stabbed by the raw carrot slices. Even though the noodle taste was delicious I ended up tossing my takeout container because the texture made it inedible. 

I do like their service, always very friendly, courteous and fast. It's a pretty good neighborhood "divey" Chinese takeout place. It does have tables and you can eat in but it's usually deserted. Most people get takeout or delivery.

They close at 9 so this is not a late night place.
We went there for the lunch special.  I had broccoli chicken and my mom had vegetarian.  Both were drowned in a salty sauce.  I recommend getting the sauce on the side.  Otherwise, the food was ok.   Mine came in a smallish bowel.  If you don't want to get full at lunch time, it's perfect.

Service was very friendly and fast.  Prices were ok for the amount served.  It's pretty quiet in there, so people can hear your conversation if anyone pays attention at all.
Mmmm...this place is good. I love their orange chicken. Good prices and the people are super friendly. Anything with shrimp in it is great.
We've had 3 good lunches at China Pearl--smaller portions and reasonable prices. Then we made the mistake of taking six of our friends there for dinner.  There were two other people there while we were there.  Since we knew their dinners were bigger portions, my husband and I wanted to split dinner.  The waitress/owner insisted that the portions would be too small and wouldn't allow us to split.  We tried to convince her we were not that hungry, to no avail.  We all ordered individual portions and received our meals at least 5-10 minutes apart. The man who served the food was rude to everyone and got the orders all confused.  The food was warm but not hot.  They must have been microwaved.  We were so embarrassed because we had recommended the restaurant to our friends.  We will not be going back.
This is my favorite chinese restaurant and I have tried MANY in the area. They have a great menu. My personal favorites are the Twice Cook Chicken and the Yu Shan Shrimp. They are affordable and the owners are very personable. I've been there about half a dozen times between dine in and carry out and they know my order. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves chinese food!
Awesome Chinese Food! If you live close like I do they deliver.
Got it deliver. Sesame chicken was great! Little cold because of having it delivered but good! Will defiantly order from them again!
Gave it my usual 3 tries. First time had delivery and was really impressed, fast, great food. 2nd time we called for delivery, no deliveries that day. Started our order and they were out of most of the order. Third time we went to the restaurant. The staff had a loud, rude argument with the only other customers there.  We asked for straws for our drinks, they had run out.  The portions were so small we left hungry.  Not going back there ever again.  How do you run out of food or supplies with a Frys 2 doors down from you????
Good: The food is almost always great, and the other times it's good. I've never had a plate that I said, "meh" to yet. When I call for delivery they always answer the phone within seconds. All of the staff I've had the pleasure to talk to are friendly enough for it being so busy. Their website is easy enough to navigate and to put an order together before calling.

Bad: It can be a little pricey if you are ordering for more than two people. If the prices were down just a little bit I'd give them 5 stars.

Other Thoughts: The driver for their deliveries is the man! He's always very friendly and indulges me when I want to chit-chat with him.
This is one of my favs in Mesa.
Ok, was craving Chinese food, and being new to the area decided to yelp a couple places near us. UGH. Wish i tried a different place.

At first I was excited because I thought I had found THE place to go to for my Chinese food cravings. When i walked into the restaurant it was totally empty. The cook was eating soup and three other dishes at one of the tables and the hostess was sitting down reading a magazine. She totally jumped up and pretended to wipe a table as soon as she saw me but the cook seemed lost in his own world. She handed me a menu and it looked good so I ordered. The hostess had to yell something to the cook which woke him up, and he ran to the kitchen and started cooking. After 10 mins my order which consists of 4 dishes was hot ready and packed to go. I was happy until we got home and dug in. The dishes were greasy, tasted like a metal wok and soaked in soy sauce. I lost my appetite. The only thing I ended up eating was the egg rolls. Even the fortune cookie was stale.

If you want good chinese food, you can do better than here.
Great delivery times and the staff all speak English very well, which can be frustrating to place a phone order when they can't. The food is always fresh and delicious, sometimes can be a bit oily though, but it's peanut oil so, meh. 
If you want Chinese in the Val vista/US 60 area of Mesa, they'll have what you want, guaranteed. And special requests are filled, without a problem.
I used to go here all the time when I lived in Tempe. Always open seating, consistently good food and the price is right. Can't wait to visit again when I am back in town this winter!
Everything I have tried from this place is amazing! The walnut shrimp, lemon chicken... I always have a hard time deciding what to try next. My favorite Chinese food in all of the Phoenix area!!! A must try.
There was a piece of tin foil in my food. Would have rather ate Panda Express and I don't like Panda Express. Food came out in 5 secs, how could it be fresh. Guess I should have not wasted my 20 dollars, didn't leave a tip, which I never do. Sorry but you shouldn't have tin in your food... Ewww
Came back to this establishment because they are fast, accommodating and appreciative. Foods good too, thanks guys.
Excellent food, friendly service.  I had the Cashew Chicken and it had the most flavor of any Chinese restaurant I've had in the east valley.
We had the broccoli beef, chicken fried rice, and orange chicken. The broccoli beef was great, crisp veggies and tender beef in a not too salty sauce. Chicken fried rice was awesome, chunks of tender chicken with crisp bean sprouts and some veggies. Hubby was not a fan of the orange chicken because the breading was the soft style, but it tasted really good. Delivery was fast, and food was fairly priced. Looking forward to trying out more dished!
I love you guys!!! Amazing fried rice. Wonderful place because it is well maintained and friendly service. Most Chinese places in AZ have sub par food and less than sanitary conditions. China Pearl exceeds those expectations.
Don't make the mistake of setting your GPS to this location in hopes of coffee or confections - not a store, just the corporate office of a great company.
Love the food!  Flavorful and healthy.
I picked up a small catering order at Wildflower today.  I have been going to the restaurant for years.  They have done a terrific job of reinventing themselves time and again.  The meal I picked up went to friends who were waiting for their father to come out of surgery.  The salad was perfect!  They cut up the sandwiches into 4ths.  It tasted great, and the service was even better.  @quinterogolf.com
Ate here for lunch the other day. Was quite impressed with clean decor, friendly/helpful staff, and great sandwiches!

Tried the Almond Tuna sandwich with sprouts - soo good! If you love lots of sprouts, you'll be pleased with how generous they serve them. Tried the Brie sandwich and it was tasty as well.

They may consider ramping up their staff for lunchtime rush. Also, pleased that it's in such a nice location.
I am ashamed at myself for not putting a review up for Deno's till now! Deno's is a hidden gem of Surprise. Nestled across the street from Del Web hospital and next door to a Hallmark store and a Safeway, one might not expect to come across some of the best pizza Surprise has to offer, but trust me- just try it. Deno's serves up thin flaky crust pizza cut into squares, the kind of pizza I fell in love with in Illinois and what I consider to be true Chicago style pizza. The toppings are under a blanket of cheese and there is never a dull bite. Deno's is reasonably price and BYOB. It is not unusual to see patrons in there with mini coolers enjoying a variety of beverages with their dinner. Please don't let the bare space and strip mall location deter you from trying it.
This is without a doubt my Favorite pizza place in the Surprise area, they serve Chicago Style thin crust pizza reminiscent to the pizza of my youth growing up in the suburbs south of Chicago, I've had pizza from the "THE BEST" Chicago pizzeria's in my life and I can safely say this pizza is an accurate representation of that region.  The pizza is loaded with cheese and in typical chicago fashion some of the toppings are under the cheese and some are on top. prices are affordable and in many cases cheaper than the generic triad (pizza hut,dominos, papa johns) this is also a BYOB establishment so we like to show up with a bottle of wine or two. though I've seen families bring in entire coolers, I also recently heard they started offering delivery but the last time we went we dined in and have yet to try this service.

My "best in class" top pick for pizza in surprise.
Sorry, folks...this is another Peoria/Surprise/Glendale pizza place I can take off my list.  Went there tonight - eat in - ordered a pepperoni & onion pizza.  I should have been concerned when it arrived and the pieces wouldn't break apart - with a kitchen knife and fork we were just barely able to cut them apart.  First bite...the crust was doughy and chewy and tasted strongly of flour.
Long story short, the girl asked how things were, as she saw us eating the toppings and leaving the crust.  We told her of the crust and her response was "Sorry."  I can't explain the 5 stars vs my one star, all I know is what the pizza was tonight.  Never, ever, again.
I'm from Chicago and I have to say Deno's has a very good thin crust pizza. Their sausage also has the seasonings I am accustomed to from back home. I order Deno's when I'm in the mood for a crispier (cracker like) crust. Lastly, how can you eat pizza without Hot Giardinera peppers? Their peppers are GREAT!
Yummy pizza and I usually don't like the thin crust. My husband and his family love the Chicago style beef sandwiches. We ate there last year and could wait to go back this year since we are out of state.
We ordered a large with spinach, mushroom and anchovies. And all I can say is bland cracker crust, bland sauce, bland spinach and mushrooms. the only good thing about it were the anchovies ( not super salty like a lot other places). I wont be ordering from Deno's again.
My first try at Denos.  Friday evening for a walk-in take out order.  Counter person said it would be ready in 15 minutes, but had to wait for 40 minutes.  I think they misplaced my order because other walk-ins placed orders after me and were served first.  Fortunately, when the order was ready, it was piping hot.  Pepperoni and sausage pizza with wings.  Wings were OK, tasty, but nothing special.  Deep fried, not baked.  The pizza however, was VERY good.  Crust was crisp, with just the right amount of sauce.  Pepperoni was flavorful.  The best part was the plentiful sausage, which was meaty, and not greasy like many places.  Overall, the pizza was great, but the service lacking.  Counter clerk was indifferent.  Might consider using them for phone-in orders only.
This is another Surprise pizza joint that I haven't been to in many years. Unlike Lucky's, the last time I had gone here I don't recall disliking the pizza. Today I was thinking I wanted a pizza that wasn't from one of the "Papa Jominos" chains. I first thought of hitting up Little Sicily. But that place, stupidly, is closed on Sundays. I remembered that Deno's was around the corner, and hooray, they were open.

Went inside, and was initially blown away by how expensive the pizzas were (a jumbo thin crust with four toppings was $28 after tax - come on!), and the wife got the shits with me when I decided to order anyway. Counter girl quoted a 20-25 minute wait, but it was only about 10-15 before the pizza arrived. Very large box, containing a pizza with a wafer thin crust. I live five minutes away. The pizza was placed at a VERY slight angle on the back seat. Here's what the pizza looked like when I got it inside (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=iJ3lhOR7kKsDfVbDgrXtLA#iJ3lhOR7kKsDfVbDgrXtLA). They've gone and done the square cut on it. Hooray for incredibly uneven slices. I wrestled a few pieces on to my paper plate, since a paper plate seemed fairly fitting for the meal. Here's a picture (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=M8UY7SRc1Ej3Oan6pEG7Gg). Finally, I took a bite. It actually didn't taste that bad. Not nearly as horrible as Lucky's, although about 1/10th the actual amount of food. Quality over quantity, I was thinking to myself, until I saw something that guarantees I won't be returning (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=onJJk_sYQ4L7NlU_P0iLMg). Canned f-king champignon mushrooms. AGAIN! What the hell do places like this and Lucky's think they're playing at serving tinned mushrooms on a supposedly fresh pizza? My god.

Summary? A ten buck pizza for almost thirty. I KNEW I should have gone with Ray's, or even got a cold Costco deal to heat up at home. Canned mushrooms, my codpiece. (throws pizza box in air furiously, and watches it land on the garage roof)
The people who say "just another...", stay away and go to Pizza Hut!
The best that reminds me of back home Chicago thin crust. I come here once a week to get my fix. 
They don't serve alcohol but you sure can bring in a cooler, I've seen it.
Best pizza! My absolute favorite. This is a family owned place!! Wish there were more, but I will drive to surprise in a heartbeat for this pizza.
By far the best Chicago style thin crust in the west valley. Just like your local Chicago pizza joint and if we are going to splurge on pizza, we call Denos. The sauce is great and they've nailed the crust. The cheese sticks are also great. Definitely a hidden gem of a place.
I've gone to quite a few Chicago style pizzeria's since moving out here in search of the perfect pizza and the search is over this place had the best pizza of them all! The sausage was just like what l remember from pizzas back home in Chicago, the crust was thin and very tasty John made the pizza and did an excellent job plus we had a great conversation. The whole experience was awesome and it's worth the drive to Surprise, plus they have coke products...  having R.C. cola would've been real nostalgic though!
I expect the same call on the 23rd of December every year, and this is how it goes:

*ring ring*
Me: Hello
Frantic, frazzled, harried mom: Hi honey, how are you?
Me: Oh, hi Mom.  I'm good, how's it going?
FFHM: Oh, good, except...Oh, I forgot the ham.
Me: Of course you did.
FFHM: Could you go down to the Honey Baked Ham Store and get me their biggest* ham?
Me: *sighing* Sure, Mom.
FFHM: Ok, just remember, I want their BIGGEST* ham!  Thank you!  I love you!
Me: You're welcome!  I love you too!

*Note that the greatest number of adults we've had at Christmas dinner in the past few years has been something like, oh, 7.  And there's a turkey.  And all the sides.  And a few pies.  And a roast leg of beast, or somejunk.  We really, REALLY don't need the BIGGEST ham.

Anyway, I pack myself up and get myself to the Honey Baked Ham Store.  

And I get in line.  

Oh yeah, I'm totally standing outside.  Because it's December 23, and everyone and their mom (except mine!) is picking up their ham.  But look, the line, it MOVES.  It moves QUICKLY.  It moves so fast it's line Disneyland on crack.  I finally get in and my eyes can hardly believe what they are seeing.  The hams are flying so fast they're almost being launched from the arms of the employees into the still-chapped hands of the ham-needers.  I get to the counter with the speed of a cheetah on Dexatrim, and I blurt out, "Ineedyourbiggestham,please!" but my request goes unheeded.  Only hearing "ham" the, by now, automaton of an employee just hands me a ham as one behind me asks if I'd like chutney - which I get every year and which no one eats.

And hey, that ham is tasty.  That is the best ham out there, and I don't like ham.  Their turkey is some kind of glazed gift from a benevolent God it was easier to pretend didn't exist anymore.  The wait in the line is worth it, although their efficiency invariably leads to lack of hearing.

It's a holiday plight no one's thought of.

(Kudos to my mom for doubtlessly laughing at this although I tease her.  She knows she the best.)
Spiral cut honey baked ham. DELICIOUS!!!!!! I could eat this ham all year long. Why wait until the holidays.
I had a ham from here once.  It was a good ham.
Today I came in for a ham. So I ask the clerk at the counter for a boneless ham he brings me one with a bone. I point out it has a bone the clerk says oh and wraps in back up and brings me a boneless ham like I asked. So then I asked if they can slice the ham for me,  the clerk says we sell it by the slice, so again I ask can you slice this ham, and again I get the same answer.  So I just said thanks bought my ham and went home.  I come to find out, the ham was already sliced I just couldn't tell because of the sugar or honey or whatever you call it glazed on the ham. I gave 4 stars because the hams are so good and the clerk was new.
Love Honeybaked Hams... and their Turkey is excellent too!  
You can even get sides for a complete and delicious meal!
OR... you can go for lunch and order a tasty sandwich and side.

Suggestion... call ahead and order the size ham you want.... especially if you are ordering during holiday times.
One slow morning at Honeybaked Ham Henderson, I went in for a ham sandwich to go. They reached into their refrigerator and grabbed a premade sandwich on a roll that was wrapped in cellophane and bagged it. I got home and it had a rotten tomato.

At the time I could not find a place to post a review, so I called Honeybaked' home office to find where to review. They apologized and said they would like to send me a coupon for a free sandwich. It did not come in 2 months. I called them back and they said it takes more time. It's been a year.

This branch and corporate office get 2 thumbs down. Will never visit this franchisee again!

Franchisee is supposed to custom make every sandwich fresh!
I'm a new fan!  I haven't been here in years!  My co-workers use to go here all the time and get a platter of sandwiches!  They were dry, no pop to them.  Just lettuce, tomatoes, mayo and mustard packets!  So I didn't care for them.
My son got a gift certificate from his job and gave it to me.  So We go and wait in the line.  (X-mas eve)  Let me tell ya'll  When I took that first bite!  WOW!  That was amazing, it was sweet and crunchy on the edges!  I'm a fan!  I will be getting a honey baked ham every holiday from here on out!
Pan style pizza by the slice, garlicy breadsticks with nacho cheese sauce, a decent salad bar, and quick service makes Rocky's a solid lunch option.

Best bets are the sausage & roni super slice, or the garden slice. Visit at around noon on a weekday and you'll be in and out in no time. Salad bar is light on meaty toppings, but the lettuce is consistently good as are the veggie options.

This location has a movie theater and game room as well; plenty of seating during most times of the day.
They have a nice place here, especially in the winter when it is nice to warm up by the fireplace which is in the center of the room.
But they fall down on the food and cleanliness.   
Their bathroom is not terrible but not clean either and small.
Their salad bar is small and I have gotten spoiled food in my salad.
Their pizza is usually good but I have gotten slices that are way overloaded with grease.  I mean I used to take my napkin and soak off the grease before I took a bit.  Sometimes two napkins full of grease.
Yeah, not cool.   
Haven't been back for some time now due to the food quality issues.
I eat lunch between 10am and 11am because I begin my day at 5am.  I went to Rocky's  recently at 10:30am to give them another shot.  Their door said they opened at 10:30am.   The door was locked.  Waited for two minutes,,,,, still no one.   Went to my car.   As I drove out the lot I saw someone opening the door.   Bye bye....
This is a solid Rocky's location.  I generally get fast service, the prices are average for Madison, and they have a nice bit of games and a fireplace.  The pizza is similar to Unos but I consider it less greasy.  I would recommend this Rocky's to people planning to try the place out.  The one on Monona drive is nice also.  AVOID the East Wash location.
Let's just put it out there:  You don't get to meet Rocky when you come in.  It's a let down for sure.  

If you're in the neighborhood wanting some lunch, I love this place.  You'll get a good deal on a slice of pizza, their salad bar, and a drink.  

For the pizza?  It's quality stuff.  Think Pizza Hut, but with a more flavorful crust.  I'm also a fan of the rectangle orientation.  Not sure why a rectangle pizza tastes better, but I don't question it.

Bottom line, you won't be disappointed.  It's a quality pizza, and a great place to stop by for a good lunch.
Its not gourmet pizza, but it is good for a chain. Its one of the only places to get a slice of pizza on the go for a reasonable price. 
The breadsticks are a great indulgence, especially if you like butter and garlic, its not not just dry bread. 
The staff is always friendly and there is almost never a wait if you order at the counter. We almost always take it to go, I am not a fan of the seating area. It smells very much like fast food and is not too comfortable. 
Overall, its a great place to get a slice and breadsticks for lunch or dinner on the go.
OMG this place sucks. I didn't want to wait for a made to order pizza, so I go the slices. It seems that they sell quite a few slices, so you would think they would be okay or at least edible. It was HORRIBLE. They are slices of undercooked doughy bread, as the crust, with grease oozing everywhere. Literally, I had to take a napkin and place it underneath the slices in the box, because I didn't want the crust to become soggy. IT WAS PURE CRAP. And get this, each one was about $4.
It's at a hop, skip & a jumps distance, in front of the hotel. That is why I decided to go for it first. 

It has a spacious family dining area. They offer pasta, BBQ rib tips, Buffalo wings, salad bar, beer, and four varieties of pizzas. However, I wasn't too pleased with their pizza by the slice. It's very good, but not pizza by the slice material.
I love me some Rocky's, but this location has a number of strikes against it. First, it's got a strange location that isn't the easiest to get to. Second, the layout is odd. They were updating the exterior, though it's the interior that really needs help. Lastly, the pizza was ok, but didn't seem to live up to what I usually expect. Plus they gave me the wrong slice to start with.
cheese bread. it's like mana from heaven. and TOPPERS makes me wait ONE FUCKING HOUR to get it.

that is total bull shit. so i have been waiting for an hour and no cheese bread.

i am drunk and angry and am going to NOT want to tip...WTF???
Terrific pizza and the cheese bread is out of this world.  It's a shame they closed their West Town area location.
It was a Topperstix experience in high school that made me realize I wanted to go to college... (that's sort of true) They're disgusting, greasy, and always taste a little burnt-like-funny but for $9.99 and 3 different dipping sauces, I can't complain too much. (since my mouth is full of greasy tasty-ness)
Oh you gotta be fucking kidding me.  

If you live in a dorm, topper's is like your idea of heaven.  There's something about being that age that makes you want to order cheese covered bread that's so greasy that it soaks through the box and then dip it in ranch dressing.  

You know what that something is called?

It's called weed.
I really like the triple order of cheese sticks at Toppers.  Their pizza really sucks, but the cheese sticks are pretty awesome.  I'm not exactly the most adventurous eater all the time, but i decided to try the mac and cheese pizza.  

Obviously they were copying Ian's in that department, but I figured since I like the Ian's pizza, i would try Toppers.

Big mistake.

OMFG, the first bite was awful.  I knew there was something off right away.  I lifted up the noodle cheese crust thing, and I realized that the whole crust was covered in some sort of orange glue.  Seriously, the pizza was covered in some imitation cheese-wiz.  I say imitation because cheese-wiz is better that the orange shit that was on my pizza.  And I ordered a large!  I actually threw the rest of the pizza away, because I wouldn't feed that shit to a dog.
Open late hours, delivery, SOOOO cheesy! The cheesy Toppersticks are de-freaking-licious. So buttery. So greasy. Soooooo delightful. Costs a bit more, but it's a distinctive cheesybread. :)
You have to completely and utterly tanked to enjoy Toppers. Period. There is no other reason any reasonable person would ever want to put this shit into their body. This is the result of Ronald McDonald and the Noid conceiving a demon baby in a pit of flaming grease.  I have personally witnessed the reinforced cardboard pizza box fall apart under the pressure of that seeping acid they call oil. You will have burning diarrhea for days. There is good cheese everywhere in Wisconsin; the pudding-like goop they put on top of their pizza is not an excuse to do this to yourself.

Combine this with the fact that they have the most arrogant, inattentive customer service in the history of restaurants, and it makes for the shittiest dining experience possible. It takes no less than an hour to get a pizza from here, but it leans more towards 2-3 hours when it's late and the drunk idiots with no taste barrage the place with orders. I am pretty sure that eating at Toppers is forbidden in the Old Testament. For the sake of yourself, everyone in smelling distance of you, and the children with birth defects you may father/mother if you continue to eat here, just put down the phone.

Upped to 2 stars because I enjoyed it in a drunken, shameful moment of weakness. May or may not have cried afterwards.
fast, cheap, and good
Thought I would give Toppers a try.  Very friendly staff, informative and good pizza to boot.  Thanks guys for helping a first timer and I will be back!
So toppers is fantastic... Bacon Toppers Sticks and fantastic delicious pizza... End of story. Bad things? they take WAY too long sometimes to get an order ready however I will say they are generally always busy. Especially this particular location because they are so close to downtown, students are hitting this place up all day. Also at the end of the night on a friday and saturday night it becomes packed to the gills right around 2:30am. Mainly students who work there but they are always really nice and do their best to get you your order ASAP. This location is great but they could get an order done a tad faster.
My friends and I ordered 1 Large pizza and 1 Triple Order Original Toppers sticks through their website at 5:45p.  The estimated delivery time was 6:37p. Not too bad...However, the delivery guy didn't show up until 7:15p. To me, that is not good service. especially for only two pizzas. Delivery guy only said, "sorry about that" and when we called at 7:15p to make sure that the order went through, they guy just said, "It's on its way." I think it could have been handled much better!
You know you've seen them as you drive by construction sites...it's the snack shack, the roach coach,  it's Ralph's Snack Bar!! 

Ok, so I was a little skeptical when HR sent out an email that Ralph's would start doing daily runs to my building, but I they gave me 2 free Ralph Bucks to spend and I couldn't resist, being the cheapskate that I am. Honestly, we were all waiting to see who ran to the toilet first, but everyone was fine and had really good things to say about the food.

Can someone say yum! My food was awesome with the exception that it was a little salty for me. I got a rice pudding cup and the rolled taco special with rice and beans (it's only $3.50!) and it was really tasty! They also sell Mexican cokes (think the real sugar stuff - no corn syrup here) and all sorts of little snacky treats.

Hit up my parking lot at lunchtime (40th St. & Broadway) if you ever need a Ralph's fix.
My new office by Deer Valley Airport and the food truck drove by for 3 days before I went in for a try.

Pretty darn good.
Had 2 steak tacos (street style) that were very good.  One chicken taco that was tasty, just not really my style.  Will try the pork next.

They have several really great salsas.
Will be eating here a lot!
food very good
The food is pretty good. Prices are pretty good. I generally order the Carne Asada Tacos (I love the red salsa, I could drink it) They are $1.50 each, and 2 is the perfect amount for me.  My only complaint is the guy that takes the money. Sometimes he just seems downright angry, and rude. He REALLY doesn't like you to take more than one salsa, I mean jeeeez man...Relax! I'll pay extra! 
The lady that makes the food is super sweet, and really fast!
***I do have to mention that one time my friend did find a piece of metal in her taco, looked like a staple. That was gross... but apparently not gross enough for me to stop eating there. HA!
Ralph's truck runs by my office in north Scottsdale almost every afternoon. NOTHING can beat the the convenience factor, instead of spending 15 minutes fighting airpark traffic to buy a crappy burger, I just roll out to the back of my building and order some fresh tacos. 

The prices are pretty decent and the food quality is good (but look, it's still got a fast food element to it so we aren't talking gourmet but it's pretty decent!)

The cook and the driver are SUPER NICE and always have a great attitude when I see them. 

If you see them driving around, flag them down for some yummies! :)
One of Ralph's trucks now stops by my office location in Tempe.  They have quality freshly made food for low prices!  Anything from breakfast sandwiches/burritos to lunch and drinks.  I'm impressed with how fast they can make the food.  

They also accept credit cards for at $.50 fee.

They are definitely a big hit at our office!
I've had one thing on the menu, and while it was good that's not what makes me want to go back.  This place had some of the best, most helpful and friendly counter service I've seen in a long time.  She knew folks names.  She remembered things they'd eaten.  She offered recommendations for first time folks.  She had that way of making you feel like you were the smartest most special person she'd helped that day.  Miss your mom?  Come here for lunch.

Now the food was good to.  She said I'd made a great decision in picking their BBQ beans as my side and not until I tasted them did I think she was being more than polite.  These were awesome.  The beans still retained their good firmness, not all mushy and falling apart as some can be, and the sauce was really amazing.  I got the pulled pork sandwich which had been my plan, and she encouraged it as well as it's their most popular option.  The funky thing here is that they put a thin layer of cole slaw on the bottom bun, then add non-sauced meat on top, then pour sauce over the top and add the top of the bun.  VERY interesting.  I think next time I might try it without that - but it was certainly interesting.  Though they have a great selection, so I may just have to try one of their Chicago Hot dogs or Rome Rib Tips or Chicken.  SO many awesome looking options!  

But really - you should go just for the sweet lady at the counter.  And all the figurines of pigs on the counter.  And Chicago memorabilia all over the walls.  It's just a nice place with good food.  Gotta love that.
I've got this weird diet where I'm basically vegetarian for 1/2 the year and very carnivorous for the other 1/2.  No rules, or specific dates...that's just how it's worked out for the last few years.

Anyway, when I'm eating meat, I like it to be of the best quality.  Tom's really didn't do it for me.

We ordered a Pulled Pork Sandwich and a Rib Tips meal along with fries and mashed potatoes.  The potatoes were either shipped in frozen or were made from a dehydrated mix.  The Rib Tips were overcooked and dry (possibly old).  The fries and the pulled pork sandwich were the highlights -- and the only things I'd order off the menu, if I ever went back.

I've had far better BBQ experiences at Honey Bear's and Famous Dave's.

The service at Tom's was good enough for a fast food place.  It wasn't spectacularly good or bad.  I don't think I'll be going back any time soon, though -- not when there are other better BBQ places so nearby and Someburro's is in the same shopping center.
I was disappointed in the pulled pork sandwich.  There was very little flavor and not enough sauce on it.
Sides are weak. Very weak. Rib tips have no meat. Pulled pork can be good, but never great. Hot links, nasty. It seemed like they just do not even touch their links on the grill, it seemed just boiled. Nasty....
Mostly average bbq, but this place has the best chicago style dog since scouts closed.  Its noteworthy when I'll drive somewhere just for a hotdog, but tom's never lets me down.
Had a pulled pork sandwich, which I enjoyed, although I wouldnt say it was amazing enough to make me drive back from my Gilbert home for another visit. I didnt think they had put enough sauce on the sandwich, but that was an easy remedy because they have big bottles of their sauce on every table (right next to the rolls of paper towels). 

The service was great- the girl at the counter was very friendly and had a discussion with my boyfriend about half the menu which helped in his decision (dont worry, we went at a non-rush time, so we weren't holding up a line of customers).  :)
Generally when I'm craving BBQ I think of Toms right away- always been a fave of mine. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which comes topped with a bit of their house coleslaw; I'm not a fan of coleslaw whatsoever but makes a good touch to the sandwich. 

Like Amy said below they have big bottles of their sauce (mild and hot), at the table and tend to get a lil happy with the hot bbq sauce, I have problem lol. Also keep in mind the curly fries are meant to be shared they are a HUGE order but sooo good.
Pretty mediocre bbq, not bad, just not "great" the way barbecue should be! I would say it was on par with honey bears, but I really enjoy the bbq sauce they used on my pulled pork sandwich. It was pretty expensive, my friends fish and chips turned out to $8-9 with a drink, geez. I think there are plenty of better alternatives like AZ bbq co or joe's real bbq, or if you need something in the area you can't go wrong with somme burros right next door.
I asked the girl behind the register what there most popular BBQ is.  She told me that their Italian Beef was popular.  When I try a place for the first time I like to have their signature food, because if that is no good the rest will be even worse.

There was only one other group of people there but it was midday so that isn't always a sign of anything.  I got my sandwich fairly quickly which is to be expected for food that is already made.  That is when the experience went down hill.  Apparently they marinate their bread in Au Jus because it was overwhelmingly soggy.

I brought it back up and said it was very soggy, and she informed me they often put some juice on it.  That may be the case but a freshly made sandwich does not get soggy within a minute.  That leads me to believe it was already made before I got it.  I got a replacement one, hold the JUICE.  This time it was a normal sandwich and the new problem was that it had zero taste.  It was the driest most flavorless beef sandwich I've eaten before.  I think I also got some potato salad which was mediocre as well.

Overall, the worst BBQ place I've been too.  I'm not surprised because Chicago people can't do anything right.  They screwed up pizza and the hot dog.  Which makes me wonder, why are Chicago people obsessed with reinventing the wheel?  Good BBQ already exists, no need to Chicago-style it and make it bad.  Good pizza is from NY, no need to add a few pounds of soggy deep-dish dough to screw it up.  If you're hot dogs were so good, why do you hide it under so many condiments?  Rant over.  Note to self, avoid anything that Chicago stole from another region and tries to claim it.
Very Fast and Friendly service! The food pretty much melt in my mouth and was surprised because of how fast it was brought to us being BBQ. I will definitely go back to this place and look forward to it to be honest.
I really wanted to like this place, but I have to join the growing chorus of "meh."  The rib tips were a bit on the tough side; the brisket had little going in the way of flavor; and most disappointingly, the hot bbq sauce was not particularly spicy.  

It was not a bad place at all, just nothing special.  The service was very good, for what that's worth--very friendly and my food showed up in like fifteen seconds.
You have meat, and its drenched in sauce. How could you go wrong? Ask Tom's BBQ, they'll tell you!
So I had the beef tips and chicken. Both heavily smoked and drowned in the same sauce. Beef and chicken...two completely different animals, but both tasted identical.
The spicy sauce was bland and didn't have the slightest kick to it.
The beef tips were overcooked, tough and chewy.
The bone in the chicken was broken in two places and grossed me out. The fries were really good tho. Everything else ended up in the trash.
Being from Chicago and having grown up on good Italian Beef sandwiches, I'm always looking for a good beef place in Phoenix. A few people at work recommended Tom's.
I ordered the beef, wet, sweet. Since it was lunch time, I got the combo. 
Price - for the total order, $10.16, I would expect more than a 16 oz, drink. Also, the beef sandwich was very small, not like a good Chicago beef sandwich which is overflowing with beef. The people making it made sure there was no beef overflowing the bun. Plus, there was only 2 small slices of sweet peppers.
Quality - Maybe it was the lunchtime rush, but the beef seemed a bit undercooked. However, the juice was just right and the bread was good.
Will I give this place another try: maybe for the dogs. They advertise a Maxwell St Polish, but if it's anything like the beef, I'm not sure if that would draw me back.
They have so many tasty bbq options as well as the famous hot dog...the sauces are amazing! The pulled pork, house sandwich, and ribs are so tasty!
I've been here a couple of times and the only thing that pops into my head is MEH. The BBQ Sauce is meh and leaves a nasty lingering after taste. The Rib Tip platter is ok, nothing to get too excited about this place. Meh, I've experienced better.
Tried it once.Food was great. Look foward to going back for more.
They have ribs & chicken for $9
I've been going here on and off for the past 14 years, more or less whenever I happen to be in this part of Tempe.  I suppose its a good thing that I always think of this place whenever I'm in the area, but that may be more of a case of "better the devil you know."

From 96-2000, it was pretty much my reliable go-to place for BBQ.  Gotta love the diverse menu and creative combos, I believe that any BBQ fan can find their particular craving among the robust options.  Dollar-wise, I find Tom's to be quite kind.  

Meats range from average to above-average to near-exceptional, with the brisket being the most reliably above-average meat for me.  The regular beef burger and rib tips might also warrant a consistent above average or even 4-star rating as well.  Ribs, chicken, dogs and fish - I've tried them all at one time or another - are all ok, albeit underwhelming.  

Sides are ok, across the board.   

Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place given how far you would have to drive to find something reliably better.  I suppose once you try a few different menu items, it is perfectly plausible to order a 4-star meal every time once you learn what to avoid.  The value is definitely there, so I figure its a venue worth a few of your trips.
Tender meat and great sauce!  Homemade sides and desserts!  I always order the same thing - pulled pork, cole slaw, corn on the cob.  Tasty tasty goodness.  Plus, if Billie is working, you are guaranteed to laugh the entire visit.
I LOVE this place!

I don't consider myself a BBQ connoisseur, but I know what I like:

1. Heat
2. Little (not too much) sweet
3. Smoke

This place has a fantastic sauce that I think I would eat on everything from waffles to eggs! Ok, maybe I am stretching a little there, but not by much.

Now what to put under the sauce?  They have all the classics; pulled pork, brisket, chicken, chicken wings, etc. etc.  For me, it has been, since my first visit, all about the hot links.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them!

Great flavor, and that sauce doesn't cover it up, but really shows it off.  I am so blown away by these links that I will have to eat them a few more times before I can given anything resembling a useful review.

All of the sides are scratch-made, and the flavors show that off.  My favorites are the red beans and rice, and the potato salad.

Good prices, great portions, and wonderfully entertaining staff!
We eat at Toms pretty often.  The bbq is awesome, but so is everything else!  Don't sell yourself short just getting bbq.  Get the fish, get the Italian beef, try their burgers and don't miss Toms pride and joy!  Fair prices, excellent food and friendly service!
I have been eating at Tom's for as long as I have lived in the Valley.  Over 15 years.  

I am sad to report I am not going back there to eat.  They just do not seem to care about the customer anymore.  I had three horrible meals there, for Toms BBQ.  I emailed them about the problems and never heard back from them.

They have been a long time favorite of mine, but now, I have to find a new BBQ place to go to.
I decided to give the place a second try after my last horrible experience.  I have been a customer for 15 years, but now no more. I was forced to wait to place my order while the counter person told a personal story to some people who had already ordered.  I waited at least three minutes before she acknowledged me and asked if I wanted to order.  She really didn't look like someone who should be behind the counter. improperly dressed, did not know the counter, did not upsell me etc.  The food was fast, but really no flavor.  Pulled pork was dry and not that tasty.  The hot sauce was spicy, and the onion straws were over seasoned.  I have given up on Toms.  Am looking for new BBQ in Phoenix.  Honey Bears is not it either, but that is a different story.
Just returned from a delicious dinner at Tom's. Billy behind the counter was great- extremely personable and made the great food that much better. I had the brisket and you could cut it with a fork... yumm :) Fiance had the pulled pork in which he grudgingly shared a taste with me because he was enjoying it so much. Will def. be back- keep on doing what your doing. 

Person below me- 3 minute wait? at a dinner place? That's nothing!
The brisket with the spicy sauce is fantastic!
I am really surprised that this place doesn't have a higher average ratings!  I discovered this place after an exhausting day of moving into the neighborhood.  I was greeted by the nicest lady, I believe her name was Billie... she gave me the story of the restaurant, and told me what items were good on the menu.  I got a little sampler, and while I was waiting, she brought me a little slab of ribs so I could taste them (they weren't in the sampler I ordered).

Needless to say, the food was fantastic - and reminded me of being back in the Midwest.  I go there from time to time and always have a great experience - whether I'm eating in or taking out.
I've been going to Tom's for the past 5 years. I can't say that I've ever had anything bad. The owner is constantly trying to improve the menu which I love because it adds a new twist to things. This last time I went I had the Tom's Special sandwich with a side of Macaroni Salad and an order of Fried Zucchini. The Sandwich was juicy, tender and full of flavor as usual (the portion is really big so you may want to consider only eating half). The Macaroni was perfectly cool and creamy. The kicker was the Fried Zucchini; in the past times I've ordered this and it was smaller round slices; now they are fresh spears and taste so much better. The only thing I would change is the ranch sauce that I dipped the Zucchini in, I tend to lean more towards a thicker more sour cream based Ranch style. This place has the best customer service and the prices are spot on with the portion sizes. So for all my carnivores out there make sure you visit Tom's, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Wow! Damn good BBQ! So far the best I've eaten, but I honestly don't have much experience here. The prices are fair for the amount of meat and the gastronomical  experience you'll get after eating their pulled pork sandwich. 

We visited ths spot after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, so it's a definite must eat in Phoenix and Tempe! Thanks for the great response from this place from other Yelpers because it's well worth it. 

The service was friendly and perfectly suited for this place. I don't remember the gals name but she had a great southern style charm that made you feel like family and made you laugh. 

The side sauces were amazing with your choice of regular and spicy. Both were flavorful and delicious so I recommend getting both and alternating. 

The brisket looked delicious too, so my next visit will be to try that.

Definitely a must eat in Phoenix!
The truth???  I've been here twice this week :)

Delicious! I'm in love with the pulled pork entree with their hot bbq sauce. It's just fantastic. A plus also is their coleslaw is made w/o mayo which made me very happy and is great with the pork. They have a huge menu with lots of options you are sure to find something you will like. The sides for me in general are just ok to be honest but when I come here I come for the meat anyway.

My boyfriend loves their ribs and also their fried zucchini are huge and cooked just right. 


Im a regular now and plan on keeping it that way for my pulled pork munchies
Lots of BBQ places offer sides with their meals.  At Tom's, you get great ones, with an extra one thrown in for free--a side of service.

I've had Texas BBQ and New Orleans BBQ before--some places are good and others are eh.  This is the first time I have ever had Chicago BBQ, and this is definitely one of those rare spots to compare all others to.  Every bite was tender and tasty, and their sauce had the perfect balance of flavors.

Billie, the lady behind the counter, was really friendly.  When there were no orders to be taken, she was out on the floor shootin' the bull with us and it made for a really pleasant evening of food and conversation for both my wife and I.

Recommended?  Oh hell yeah.  Eventually, my wife and I are going to have to get back to vegetarianism after our long absence, but  places like this make what we have to do a bit harder.  When we finally do decide get back to the realm of bunny food, I have a good mind to come back here one more time and go out with a bang.
My wife and I went to Tom's one time and one time only.  We tried their hot link and rib tip platter.  The first thing we were both horrified over was the thickness of the rib tip.  Credit card thin was the best descriptor.  Rib tips from the places I remembered back in Chicago were much thicker than this and had waaaaaaaaaaaay more meat.  

The hot links really looked and tasted more like spicy hot dogs instead of italian sausage.  The sauce definitely left a LOT to be desired.  The aftertaste had me grabbing my drink faster than a Porsche 911 Turbo on nitrous gets from 0-60.  

After the first bite, my wife and I tossed the stuff in the garbage and vowed NEVER to come back to this place because they have absolutely no idea how to do Chicago style BBQ properly.
Tom's is within walking distance of my apartment so I already love it for the location. A friend of mine brought me dinner from Tom's a few weeks ago and it was outstanding. I'm from the Midwest so I value my BBQ and know what's truly considered BBQ. Tom's did it right. I had a basic pulled pork sandwich and it breath-taking. Just soaked in tangy BBQ sauce and pork sliced so perfectly I wasn't upset when it fell outta the bun a bit. Topped with a hefty spponful of cole slaw the texture was just the right amount of creamy and crunchy that I licking my fingers after. 
We also got a boat of fried pickles. Cut into spears not round ridges, I thought they were delightful. A country girl myself, I grew up frying things and Tom's did pickles justice. Even without ranch to dip.
I was in the area and decided I would check this place out. Let me just say this, the time to go to this place is around 3PM because you will get treated like a king (or in my case, a queen! :)

I didn't really know what to order, so many choices, and Billie working behind the counter gave me several suggestions. I  go with the smoked turkey sandwich and red beans & rice for my side. She let me sample the beans before I got them (just to make sure they weren't too spicy). When I sat down, she asked if I would like a sample of the pork. Of course I do!! And damn I should have ordered the pork because it was delicious! The smoked turkey was good too just not like the pork. The BBQ sauce they put on too is sweet and yummy!! 

As I'm eating, Billie and another staff member come out and talk to me for about 20 minutes. Both are really cool, laid back people and enjoyed having some company (as I went in alone). The entire time I was there, nobody else came in so it was fun talking to the staff. Just want to point out they do get slammed for lunch and dinner but since 3PM on a Thursday is an odd time to eat, they weren't busy. 

Definitely loved this place and will be returning!!
I've been going here since I was little. Hands down, the best BBQ in AZ (in my opinion.) 

I've had just about everything on their menu and they've never disappointed me. The service is great as well. :)
Great food! Not necessarily good for you, but great taste. Bbq & fried fish & Italian beef & more - owner is obviously from Chicago, lots of Chicago memorabilia - so lots of great tastes from there. Friendly little place too. Same lady at the front counter every time I've been there who's quite a character
Their food is terrible!!!! Almost inedible --  definitely unchewable!
As bad as the food is, their service is worse!  Lousy customer service!
Bad attitude!  Rude people!  Made the experience even worse.
You will be much happier someplace else.
I've had much better food at Taco Bell!!!
I've been here twice.
First time - Italian Beef & Sausage Combo (by mistake), Maxwell St Polish

Italian Combo:
I'd never had the combo anywhere before because I don't really love Italian Sausage (blasphemy, I know).  But when I got it home and bit into it, I'm glad they gave me the combo instead of just the beef.  I could tell that the beef sandwich alone would have been awesome - great tasting juice, tender beef, and all the right toppings.  The addition of the sausage didn't really improve the sandwich for me, simply because Ricobenes and Italian Beefs are my favorite things on baggies.  But it did make me realize that I do indeed like Italian Sausage sammiches.  The combo gave me two different experiences and neither overpowered the other, but came together to form an undeniably delicious sandwich.  Therefore, I recommend either the beef or sausage sandwich, or more importantly...the combo.  

Polish:
This is the Maxwell St...so its not just a regular polish you'd get at a cart somewhere on Central.  The grilled onions, mustard and peppers were all present on top of the familiar taste of that kind of sausage.  Hmmm...can't remember if it was a regular bun...drat.  Anyway, the ONLY problem was the sausage - it was a bit overcooked.  If it hadn't been, it would have been my first taste of a proper Maxwell St since Hippo's in Troy, MI.  Don't get me wrong, the taste was definitely legit here...just an unfortunate mishap on the sausage.

Went back yesterday as I was trying to avoid I-10 traffic.

This time I got the 2 Meat Combo with potato salad and red beans & rice.  Ribs and brisket were my meats.

Ribs - I have become a dry rub guy (seems like this review is filled with phrases that could be exploited), and I think the presence of an insane amount of sauce lessened my opinion of these ribs.  I like to judge a rib without sauce, but that was impossible because of how much they put on them.  Regardless, they were tender enough without being "fake".  However, they didn't have enough smokiness for my liking.  It was dark in the room, so I couldn't tell if there was a significant smoke ring or not.  All in all, you could do much worse.  But I think I'll probably pass on the ribs whenever I go back.  The Chicago offerings are much more intriguing. 

Brisket - Can't complain whatsoever.  I haven't had a ton of brisket in my life, so maybe I don't know good brisket when I taste it.  But this was good to me.  A good smokey flavor, tender, and not crumbly or dry.  The sauce helped it a bit I think, as the two flavors work well together.  I would buy this again.  Probably the best I've had in my limited experience.

Da Sauce - Not bad at all.  In fact I prefer this over a lot of Famous Dave's sauces.  It has a tang to it, but not overpowering with it.  Its not a thick sauce.  It seems to not fit their ribs the best, though...its hard to explain.  Kind of a moppy sauce, but perhaps better on someone else's ribs.  Even still, I wouldn't mind having a bottle of it at home for my chicken or burgers.  Good stuff.

So yeah, this is a great place to come for some Chi-Town goodies.  They get the Italian Beef right, the taste of the Maxwell correct, and they also have some other good stuff I have to back and try.  I also gotta try their fried catfish - in fact, they have an all you can eat fish fry on Fridays.  

Pricing was normal for this kind of food - about $7 for the sandwiches, $4 for the Maxwell, $16 for the 2 meat combo w/sides.  Not bad.  Service the second time was nice - a very personable and chatty lady was behind the counter and we had some nice conversation...very kind to replace my red beans and rice after i dropped it by saying good bye haha.  I recommend the place and i'm sure I'll increase the rating as I go back more.
best. bbq. pork. sandwiches. in. phoenix. period
Great Italian beef... Just like Al's in Chicago. Service was excellent. A must try  if in the area.
It might just be me, but the use of canned mushrooms in cooking should be abolished. How does canned mushrooms get into a BBQ review, well all you have to do is order that Tom's Signature Sandwich. It was a monster sub with the smoked turkey, wine sauce, cheese, onions, peppers and those canned mushrooms. Only $7.95, it's a nice deal. The meat was very tasty with a definite smoke flavor. Probably didn't need all the extra stuff as it just masked the great taste of the meat, but that's not their fault. They have regular sandwiches for just $5.95 also. I really enjoyed the BBQ Baked beans as well. They had the darkest color of almost any beans ever served, but great BBQ flavor. Two kinds of sauces were available and finally someone had a hot sauce that doesn't include Habanero's. Both were quite good. They have been here since 1988 and there is alot more stuff to try including brisket and smoked chicken and some great lunch specials. Will be back.
I know that I've had Tom's BBQ before. I've seen them at events, but this was the first time I went inside to eat. We walked right in at lunchtime, but it wasn't too overly busy. There were people there enjoying the BBQ, but it was calm, relaxed and the food didn't take long. Most places are much more hectic during lunch. Billy was so friendly! We loved the BBQ and Chicago feel in Arizona. She also let us try some fried mac n cheese. YUM! I loved it and would have probably not known to order it as a side on my own. Thanks so much!!
good sauce and sides and a clean environment. the bbq was ok..i wasn't disappointed,  however i wasn't running to grab a pen and write home about it either.
Definitely worth a try for quick and delicious BBQ! I stopped by for lunch midweek and service was real quick. You order at the counter and can seat yourself and the food is delivered once ready. The best part of Tom's is the family feel to it. Ill definitely go back!
Best ribs in Tempe. Brisket is also great!
Fast-service BBQ places abound in just about every town and city, and they all deliver pretty much the same menu: BBQ brisket, pulled pork, chicken, sometimes ribs and burgers.  Tom's is the same.  Usually the ambiance is booths and plain tables-and-chairs.  Often you order at a counter and they bring you the food.  Tom's is the same.  Prices are usually a bit more than fast food but not as much as regular sit-down restaurants.  You guessed it - Tom's is the same.

But this Tom's has a problem.  Consider the brisket platter for about $10, which consists of brisket, a biscut, and a side.  What could be so bad?  Well, it was the brisket.  The portion consisted of about 3 ounces (maybe 4) of meat utterly covered in a sweet BBQ sauce -- not cooked with the sauce, just inundated with it.  Ok - scrape it off, you will suggest.  So I did.  What was underneath was small slices entirely from the fatty part of the brisket.  Half of my small portion of meat was fat, and not crispy tasty fat but soggy discouraging muck.  The pictures on the wall showed lots of lean slices from the first cut of the brisket -- misleading? or downright fraudulent?  Now I see why they put 6 ounces of BBQ sauce on 3 ounces of meat.

I notice that the rest of our group of six was eating their food, mostly, but without any outward signs of real pleasure.  That at least was comforting - misery loves company.
this is a good please to eat for lunch and the cat fish is  great big pieces, all so i have some  ribs from my  coworker they are good too.  ihave to  stop by there for something else soon.
Very conveniently located in Tempe, I had high expectations when I first visited Tom's BBQ. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich thinking it was a good standard item to try. The food was okay. The sauce was okay. The staff was friendly and the food came out quickly however my hunt for great BBQ in the valley will go on...
Well, the 2nd time was not the charm at this place. The smoked chicken sandwich was three thick slices of said smoked chicken. It was tossed between a hamburger bun and drenched in sauce that turned this into a knife and fork event. Too bad that the chicken was cold and so were the baked beans. I really did not want to come back and microwave fresh food, but that was the case at Tom's. The chicken was smoked, but it tasted like smoke, no other seasonings or anything going on here. The Baked Beans are still good, but this visit proved that Tom's need a bit of a lesson  in serving hot food and food that is a value. At 6 bucks, it seems like a good deal for sandwich, but it wasn't.
They have a pretty wide open menu for a BBQ joint, including home town staples like Italian beef and other chi-town styled sandwiches. 
I suggest the pulled pork and the fried zucchini.
Tom and I moved to Arizona around the same time, and 've come to know the man, and love the food.  This is a perfect down home BBQ meal, tucked away in the mill town center.  Check out their other locations for great BBQ
Had the BBQ nachos from the Toms booth at the fountain hills art fair. Looked great, but the meat, cheese sauce and all other toppings were cold.  Service was bad, waited in line for 20 minutes, get to the register and the lady just walks away, telling everyone she was going in break and we should just go get in the next line.  Luckily someone with common sense stepped in and took orders in that line. Then he gave me wrong change and took 3 tries for him to get it right. $100-$14=$86.  Not $46. Not $94. Overall disappointing food, even for an outdoor food stand and just head shaking service.
This place is awesome. Having just moved from Illinois it was nice to see some Chicago influences. Food is amazing and the owner is extremely friendly, almost like a spastic mother-like figure. Awesome BBQ and the pulled pork is on point!
Ordered beef brisket dinner with red beans and rice and macaroni salad.  First thing I noticed when I walked in was little smoke was in the restaurant, not sure if that's a good thing.  Ordering was quick and took my dinner back to the hotel.  Opened it up noticed how much sauce was on the brisket,  taste was okay.  I think they use oak for the smoke,  I could be wrong.  The brisket had very little smoke,  no smoke ring that I could see.  Overall, just okay BBQ.  I did like the hot BBQ sauce..
While visiting Arizona I was driving down Baseline Road in Tempe and noticed a place called Tom's BBQ Chicago Style. What caught my eye in particular was the signage stating that they carried Chicago Style Italian Beef. The next time I went down Baseline road I made sure to stop by and give it a try.

I walked in to find a small restaurant. After looking over the menu I noticed they did indeed serve Chicago style hot dogs, and being the hot dog critic I obviously had to try one. I also ordered an Italian Beef as they had a big sign in front and I figured it must be a specialty of theirs, after about a 10 minute wait my food was ready. 

We'll start with the Italian Beef. This Italian beef was bland, they had the soggy part right. The bread was right, it had the right texture and softness. The Italian Beef meat itself did not have the usual Italian Beef seasoning that I find in Chicagoland. I've had worse Italian Beef sandwiches, but for a place putting this at the top of their signage I would expect it to be better.

The hot dog was even worse. This was a giant sloppy mess of a hot dog. The poppy seed bun was the right type (not a given in Arizona), but there was about three hot dogs worth of mustard on this thing. There was way too much tomato and too thick, this caused tomato water to soak the bun causing the bun to become soggy. There was a thick and watery pickle slice that caused the bun to be even soggier. The relish was also applied too liberally, while it was the neon green style of relish typically found in Chicago the application was just a mess. There were two sport peppers about the length of the dog between the two of them. Then cucumber slices and practically no onion. The bun fell apart as I attempted to pick it up, this was just a total disaster of a hot dog and puts a bad name on Chicago style dogs.

Overall Tom's BBQ was a big disappointment. Despite signs indicating "Chicago Style" all over the outside, the two Chicago style food items I had here were lousy. Perhaps their BBQ is better but if and when I return to Arizona I'll take my chances elsewhere. Two stars for Tom's.
I ordered a couple of items from this place and nothing was really that good.  The speed of the order and customer service was excellent, but the food was average at best.
First off, if you are anywhere in the east valley go to WALDOS BBQ in MESA. Toms doesn't hold a candle to Waldos. Second time coming here and once again it was decent to sub par. The guy behind the counter was on personal calls the entire time, even making a few customers wait until he was done! Such a tool.. Tried the fish fry this time, not bad for all you can eat but, the hush puppies tasted like they had saw dust for filling. Last time, I had the brisket and it was a bit dry but, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
The counter help was charismatic and makes you feel really welcome. Super sweet and genuine or is a darn good act, lol. The place was clean and well decorated but the food was ok but nothing special.
I'm originally from Illinois so when I heard about this place, I was super excited. The food was delicious for sure, the catfish was amazing. The hot link dinner was good, wish there was more bread that came with it. The most disappointing part about this experience was the peach cobbler, all it was is a cup of peaches in the juice with cinnamon or between sugar. I wasn't very happy. Overall, good experience. Dessert was disappointing.
I refuse to pay the highway robbery prices touristas pay for a half rack of ribs at Lucille's restaurant in the Tempe marketplace, so when I came upon this down-to-earth looking BBQ place I was very hopeful. But as we sometimes say in New York, Fuhgedabout it! I've had BBQ in Chicago and this place doesn't come close. 

I paid $20 for a 3-meat combo with 2 sides and a fountain drink. The one rib they placed on top was good, although not great. the five underneath it were thin and dry. The chicken and brisket were also dry as DUST! The baked beans were so tiny and drowning in a mug of thick molasses like sauce that I couldn't even taste them. Even my Diet Pepsi tasted over carbonated. The jalapeno mac & cheese was a fire-eating taste treat and that's the only thing I can half recommend about this place, other than the fast and friendly service. VERY poor food, unfortunately.
I am mixed about this one.  This is a chain that began in Utah right where I used to work.  I would go there for lunch all the time.  Their salads and sandwiches are WONDERFUL!  Everything is homemade and you could call in ahead of time and it was ready for you.

I was so excited when this one opened here.  My husband's MBA program had an event that they catered, and the food was not up to normal par.  They did a BBQ and the meat was dried out, buns seemed stale, the sides did not have much flavor.  If I did not have my previous experience with them in Utah, I would have written them off.  

So as a place for lunch- I think they are GREAT.  As a catering company I am not so sure yet.  I would need to go to another event to see.
Imagine this: You're stuck in a 2.5 hour training session - your attention supposedly riveted to the projector screen so you can learn about the new management system your department is implementing. Sounds, fascinating, right? Of course it does. 

If that wasn't fun enough, your lunch is catered and costs nothing. That alone will get most people to a meeting. On top of that, a menu circulated the week prior and you were able to personally select your lunch of choice. Right on. 

I chose the Club Sandwich. Yep, that's right. Turkey, ham, bacon, cheese AND cranberry sauce on the side (to happily smear on my bread later for a festive treat). For my side, frog eye salad. Having no idea what this was when I saw it on the menu, I immediately went to Google to find out. Sounded good to me, so I opted to try it. Turns out it's a sweet concoction with tapioca, mandarin oranges and marshmallows (usually). 

My lunch arrived in a little box with a clearly marked label on the top. Inside I found my sandwich neatly wrapped, the salad side sealed in a little container, standard plastic-ware with a single napkin, a pickle and tomato on the side, one cookie and a chocolate mint. (Not to mention packaged condiments like mayo and mustard.)

This is one of the best free sandwiched I've ever had, esp. with the cranberry sauce adding a great sweet balance to the meats and cheeses. Strangely enough, the size of this sandwich was reasonable, although it wasn't a standard sandwich size - not like the other sandwiches people ordered that were sliced in half. The Club is like a 3/4 of a sandwich, although the stuffings between the bread make it more than able to satiate a big appetite. Every bite of The Club was better than the last. The frog eye salad was tasty, too. The cookie was okay. At least it was soft and chewy. And chocolate (yes!). 

I really, really liked my lunch. I can tell that my work mates likes theirs, too, for everyone happily gobbled up their lunches super fast. I think I was the last to finish - if that tells ya anything. I guess I wanted to not only sink my teeth into a hearty sandwich but also take the time to savor it. 

5 Stars for Apple Spice Junction! It's the best sandwich catering service I've had. Seriously.
I am torn about apple spice... when I found them a couple years ago I loved them!  Healthy yummy lunches that were quick and not too pricey.  My company uses them a lot for catering... in fact I had them today because we are so busy they don't want us leaving the office for lunch.  Anyway enough about my lock down blues:(  
So I have been here too many times to count (dine in and company catering) and I always would get BLT deluxe executive box lunch.  The executive box lunch includes your sandwich, a side (i always get the frog eye salad YUM!), veggies with a side of ranch and a small little piece of cherry cheesecake.  It is a lot of food!  The problem started when I ordered my BLT deluxe and the bacon is floppy or not fully cooked.  This happened consistently and so I finally asked what is the deal with the bacon... they said they order it they do not make it on site.  So then I felt as though I could not order this anymore because the bacon is never fully cooked.  So I still get lunches from them when my company orders lunch but I always get the veggie sandwich which is good and I am happy with that.  
The things I really like about apple spice is that they do not put condiments on their sandwiches... they have everything in packets and let you put it on yourself.  I am a condiment hater so this is awesome!  Also when you order to go or for catering they wrap your sandwich in plastic wrap so it does not get moist from anything else in the to go container.
We order from Apple Spice here at the office at least once per week. It started out just one or two of us, and has grown into five or six, surely more to jump on board! 

They do these things called "box lunches" where you get a side (pasta/potato/frog eye salad or chips), a pickle, a treat (normally a cookie) and condiments including mustard, mayo, lettuce and tomato. The wide variety of sandwiches are either 6.95 or 7.95 and include all of the above. 

If you are an Amazon, or just eat like one (Me, that's right, guilty as charged) you can get the "executive box" for $2 more... and it includes all of the above PLUS a side of veggies (carrots, broccoli, celery, black olives, etc) with a side of ranch, a bag of chips and cheesecake.!!!! 

So, for $8.95 I am stuffed out of my mind and so happy because the egg salad that I get every time is always moist and flavorful, and I really love the sourdough bread it comes on! 

Some of the other girls from the office religiously order the Roast Beef Deluxe and Breast of Turkey, as well. 

f you order a minimum of three lunches before 10:30am, they will deliver for you :) We normally don't start thinking about lunch until then, so we always forget, but we call and place the order and its ready for pickup about fifteen minutes later. Easy! 

I would definitely use them for catering should the need arise! 

Way to go Apple Spice!!
This place has the absolute best egg salad sandwiches! It is super close to my work so I usually get it once or twice a week. The box lunch comes with your choice of sandwich, a side, a fresh cookie and a mint, so it is a great value. They bake the bread fresh and it is really amazing. Definitely stop in if you are in the area and in the mood for a tasty sandwich!
Man oh man... I can't decide whether I want to review this place or not under the auspices of "if you don't have anything nice to say..."

All I have to say is this: 

We ordered food. It came totally wrong. I asked for a vegan salad, not specifically, but that's how I ordered it, and it came with chicken and cheese. This just shows a complete inability to read the order. People make adjustments all the time. I have worked at a restaurant. I have fucked up. I should have been lashed 40 times! Read what people order! 

So when I got the wrong salad and saw what an unbelievable disappointment it was going to be, I ordered a veggie sandwich instead, which, to their credit, they delivered and took off the bill. 

The best customer service in the world could not overcome this sandwich. It was a monumental fucking embarrassment. I cannot believe they let that thing out the door. I ate it because I was starving but I would have liked to have driven it back there and go through it, ingredient by ingredient, with the preparer... Explain to me how this is appealing to the eyes, mouth, stomach, etc.

I just hated it. A lot. 

Sorry, I'm sure you're nice people with good intentions.
I hate writing this update because I used to really love Apple Spice, but the last three times we have ordered lunch there have been multiple mistakes. For a place that does catering, getting 10 lunches right doesn't really seem like too much to ask.

Today, two people ordered bread bowls. They received a very small container of soup with a slice of bread. That is not really a bread bowl.

Me and one of my vegan co-workers ordered the southwestern salad, sans cheese. It came with chicken, and on the menu it states you have to pay an additional $1 for chicken, so it would definitely be something someone needed to ask for.

One of the lunches came as a sandwich instead of a wrap, and Heather W. was missing her cookie and her juice with her meal.

Apple Spice was nice enough to replace the mistaken items (brought corrected salads, brought the actual bread bowls - although, not with new soup, brought the wrap) and bring us an extra plate of cookies, but like I said, this is the third time this type of mistake has happened. 

It's pretty expensive, the Southwestern is not even very good, and once the order comes back wrong it delays my eating for an hour + and it is just frustrating.

I'm sorry Apple Spice... you guys are great but you need to get it together.
I just placed an order yesterday via online (VERY EASY PROCESS) for a meeting we were having today for our office and they did a great job! Each lunch was in it's own little box with everyone's name on them and each had a side (everyone got to choose one of the following: Potato Salad, Fresh Sliced Fruit Cup, Pasta Salad, Frog Eyed Salad - sounds gross but VERY yummy) or a bag of Chips), then each box also included a pickle, cookie, condiments and utensils. The prices were great to so that was another plus in my book.

We ordered 12 boxed lunches to be delivered and not only did every order show up correctly but they delivered 5 minutes early! 

We will certainly be ordering from Apple Junction again!
An Oasis in the middle of the desert...right on the strip!

Unfortunately, the food was just okay....the prime rib was too well done and chewey.  But the ravioli was yummy.

The service was top-notch adn the alchohol was flowing fast.  Something odd though.  Apparently they couldn't bring straight shots to the table.  Everything had to be on ice.  Which makes it a little more cumbersome to take a shot.  So after about 5 of those, we moved the party to the bar...where we could get a straight shot!
This is based on a Wedding Reception that I was assisting on:

Two of my dearest friends were getting married and having their wedding and reception at Cili, which is on the Bali Hai Golf Course.
This place is beautiful. The atmosphere boasted an array of multi South East Asian designs combined with today's deco(r) of stressed stone, steel, woods, and hand crafted glass.
Cili seemed to spend a good deal of money on their floral arrangements, filling the restaurant with various orchids, and other exotic flowers and plants that give you the feel of being in the tropics. They also have a few paintings of images of Hawai'i. 
The staff is great. The floor manager was quick to assess and respond to the last minute changes we had. The staff worked very hard and quickly to set up the place; making it beautiful and elegant. 
While the bridal party was out taking pre-wedding photos, Cili's floor manager had sent to the bridal room,(where the Event manager and myself were using as our staging area), h'ors devours ; of fresh fruit, vegetables and cheeses, some fusion sushi, and fresh salsa with house made tortilla chips and crackers. They were delicious. I almost couldn't't stop eating, but I had to remind myself about dinner. Along with this, they made sure we always had a full bottle of San Pellegrino flat and soda water, plus a bottle of Champagne. I had a massive hang-over from the festivities the previous night, so I failed to get the name on the bottle. They brought some beer, wine, sodas, and other alcohol beverages to the wedding party and the people involved with the behind-the-scenes operations of this event.
After the wedding ceremony the guest were all escorted to a designated area, where they were served with cocktail and h'ors devours. This was out side of the restaurant, which was surrounded by a moat and the 9th and 18th hole of the course (I was earlier informed). I was able to witness the of the service staff here. They were professional, friendly and cordial. They were making it easy for everyone of the guest to enjoy the blissful event.
The entire course was designed as 18 single oasis's combined with paths to one another. The fees of the course start at about $375.00. This is a Pro-grade course.
While everyone was being escorted to theirs seats by the event-staff, the servers were making sure every one had drinks. One of my favorite things at a wedding reception is the open-bar! What makes it even better is that some one else is bringing you your drink.
The dinner was a buffet set up. Which, I always find it a thousand times better than a prefixed plate. Not only can you taste many different things, but you can eat till you die.

The menu: Spring Mix Salad, various types of steamed and sauteed vegetables, house backed rolls w/ garlic herbed butter, baked and mashed potatoes, baked chicken, salmon in a herbed lemon cream sauce, and my favorite prime rib.
(Now, I have been to 6 wedding in the last year and a half. The is the 2nd best meal I have since the first one in Hawai'i at Orchid's at the Halekulani Hotel.)
So when I say that this seemingly typical menu was far from typical, believe me. The chef and cooks of Cili have taken the common fare to the highest level. The vegetables were fresh and crisp, even the sauteed and steamed one. Nothing was over cooked or mushy. The roll as I have said were house made. The chicken and salmon were moist and delicious, the herbs and spices perfect. The prime rib; The BEST I have had in years!! I had to have another. I went back for a inch+ cut. Topped it with their delicious, spicy horse radish and hot full flavored ajous. Sadly though, my stomach ran out of room, and there was no more for a third cut.
The Cabernet that was being served at the table was great. Full flavored, full bodied, slightly spicy and dry. I could have sworn it was a Rhone. I didn't't get the name, but I did get a second glass. 
Later to be followed with Champagne, a Heineken, Fat Tire Amber, 2 shots of Patron, Corona, and more San Pellegrino. Don't worry!! hiccup, I'm fine!! Brup.
The cake looked wonderful and delicious. I couldn't't summon the will to eat another bite of food. 
Tea and coffee was served to the guest. What ever type of coffee it was, it near perfect. Not too heavy or too light. It really hot the spot after all that food. Which made way for the tequila and beer.
I was  coherent enough to recognize the great service that everyone received, and to notice as we were preparing to leave, the quick smooth disassembly reset-up of the restaurant. "These guys are real pros", I thought to myself.
We have only been for brunch, but it was one of the best spreads I've ever seen.  We used to go to Miralago out at Lake Las Vegas for the ambience and relaxation, but since it closed we have been on the hunt for new places.  Cili delivers, with a large outdoor patio, and top notch staff.
I go to Cili almost monthly for the AMA (American Marketing Association) luncheons. I have to say that this place is always on point with service and food. 

Right when I walk into the semi-private room where the lunch is held, servers always have ice tea or lemonade on trays ready for me as I walk in. But I'm a little difficult so order an Arnold Palmer and the server finds me and gives it to me. Then I find a seat, put my purse down and mingle with other AMA members. 

When the luncheon is ready to start, I go back to my table and the salad is already pre-set. Salads vary from a caprese, to melon salad, to arugula, and more. I'm always impressed by the variety and that it's not always that lettuce salad with yucky creamy dressing. 

Entrees also vary and I've had chicken cordon bleu, short ribs, and other standard lunch entree dishes. There will always be a protein, starch and vege with light sauce. The portions are generous. The meat is cooked properly. I've been on a less meat diet recently and the last time, I opted for the vegetarian dish. I think when people saw what I got, they wanted mine instead of their beef. 

Dessert is presented very well and delicious. From chocolate cakes with raspberry sauce (I devoured that one) to fruit salad with aged balsamic, it's consistently good. 

Besides the wonderful food, the staff is always professional and courteous. As I mentioned, they are there at the beginning with beverages, then during the salad with dressing, in between courses with water and beverage refills, after entree coffee and tea service, basically everything and everywhere. 

It may sound like this is all normal but for luncheon banquet staff to be always on top of it, that means management is fair and treats them well. Kudos to Cili management. I understand that their service reflects on guests coming back and I'm sold. 

Just like another Yelper mentioned, if I ever needed to have a party, I would not hesitate to book here. 

Note: the one less star is because the golf course grounds are looking beat up. Still beautiful though.
Came on a Saturday for lunch before going to the Lion King.  Got in right after a large group on the patio outside and before another large group was arriving.  Probably 1 of only 2 parties eaching inside (2-4 people).  Place was pretty empty.

Service was good.  Bread/crackers good.  Water stayed full.  We ordered a burger, an asian chicken dish (good, but nothing too special), bbq chicken pita (decent, with homemade potato chips, again, nothing special), and crab cakes (appetizer, came with 5 about the size of golf balls, again, decent).  I had the burger and it was quite tasty.  Came with cheese (said gouda but I got cheddar, without knowing it), (awesome) bacon, tomato (salsa-like, nice touch), and a garlic aeole (couldn't taste).  Very tasty burger- would definitely get this again.  Got a really nice side of fruit with berries and mango.

Menu is mostly sandwiches/burgers, with a couple of asian dishes and some salads.  Kind of random I thought.  Great spot for a quite, though slightly spendy, lunch outing.  Total was around $70 (tip included) for the above mentioned items.
Such a BEAUTIFUL resort. The perfect place to have a wedding and reception. Great food, excellent service, pretty view --from the sidewalk to the front door, class dcor -- and (most importantly) ice cold cocktails. Can't wait to go back!
4 1/2 stars - solid restaurant to bring your clients for a power lunch. Located at the Bali Hai golf course and they offer valet even at lunch. 

There were four of us and we didn't have reservations for lunch due to it was a last minute choice but were seated immediately. Cili offers American cuisine with Asian influence. My choice - the Seared Chicken Breast, Aged Cherry Balsamic, Crispy Bacon, Watercress, and Mascarpone on a Whole Wheat Roll - Very good and unique tasting. Cili decor is beautiful and the service was outstanding. 

I'd recommend Cili Restaurant if you want to impress your clients or your date.
Had a business lunch here today.  The atmosphere, and service were excellent.  The menu had quite a few appetizing items to choose from.  I ended up giving the fish & chips a try.  The fish was delicious, and the batter was nice & light.  I loved the remoulade that was served with the fish, although I lean towards malt vinegar mostly.  I was, however, a little disappointed with the bar quality fries/chips.  There were 3 small fillets of breaded fish next to a heaping mound of skinny, overly cooked fries.  Somewhere beneath the mound of starch lay a few tempura green beans and a small side of a tasty Asian style slaw.  I would have opted for the 2 vegetable sides and not fries if I had the foresight.

Overall, a nice lunch.  I would definitely recommend this for business luncheons or casual upscale dinner with friends.
I had the extreme fortune to attend an event at this restaurant which is located inside the Bali Hai Golf Club.  I will recommend this place to anybody that is thinking about getting married, having an upscale party or just wants a great place to have lunch or dinner.

Their wait stuff is so friendly and never let my drink get near empty.  They constanly circled the room and asked all guests if there was anything they could do to make the already excellent service better.

The food is amazing!  The hors d'oeuvres were so delicious and even the simple lunch of a blackened chicken caesar salad was the best I have ever had!  Not to mention their wonderful mimosas.

If you step out onto the patio, you can't help but fantasize about how wonderful your own wedding would look against the backdrop of the lake complete with waterfalls and the sprawling green golf course surrounding the area.  Simply put, this place is a must...in every way possible!
The owner of the place I work treated our office to lunch at Cili recently. I had never been and was excited to see the restaurant I had heard such great things about. The first impression did not disappoint! Cili is decorated gorgeously, and we were seated next to an amazing salt water fish tank. 

I decided to split two apps with a coworker, the seared ahi tuna and crab cakes. The tuna came with a delicious cucumber salad and three pieces of delicious, perfectly seared tuna. The 5 crab cakes were small but flavorful. 

Creme brulee was the perfect way to end our meal. The assortment of berries it was served with were all so fresh and very complimentary to the rich dessert. 

The service was top notch. I never had to wait for a refill on my Arnold Palmer, and they even brought out extra fries for another person in our party. 

Cili is absolutely gorgeous, the next time I go I definitely want to sit on the patio and admire the view.
Situated along South Las Vegas Blvd within the Bali Hai Golf Club, this jewel of a dining location is perfect for an executive lunch meeting during the day.  The staff is always pleasant, and the food it top notch, while not being too top notch of a price.  It almost seems like you can't drop your fork without one of the staff catching it, but they give you plenty of room to talk without even knowing they are there.

The food is not your usual golf club food.  Their Lobster Cobb Salad is always tasty and their bread basket has a diverse selection to help start the meal.   Excellent setting, fantastic food, and great service make this a winner in my book.
Great place for a business lunch or dinner.   Very classy and great food.  Chef here is very good.  If you need a special place for a date, this is it.  Hidden, forgotten, you could hide away here and live like a king and queen.  The food is stellar, prices fair, views and decor well above average.  The only question is who shall I meet there, and are they paying?   Girls, go, suggest it, have your man pay, he will be fine.  Guys, take a date here, its not that expensive, but its cozy and shes sexy.   Highly recommended.  not 3 star Michelin stuff like further down the strip, but great value for what you get.  4.75 star here, but I will give it 5 since they are consistant and classy! Highly recommended.   For lunch parties, or any party, would be a great place to do some catering events, classy, not cheap, but not expensive either.   Yummy!
This is a place that is always good for lunch.  I also must say it is a perfect venue for a nice event.
Took my father here for lunch, I have eaten here many times and have never been disappointed until this visit. 

As always, the atmosphere is great and the service is excellent, however the food on this visit was mediocre. 

I ordered the Cream of Mushroom soup. The texture was what you would expect a gourmet cream soup to have, however it lacked flavor and unfortunately I had to add salt to bring out any flavor. I then had the Meditterainean salad. Mostly croutons, almonds and lettuce. It did have a few pieces of artichoke hearts, 3 pieces of yellow tomato & some olives. 

My father ordered the salmon which appeared and was overcooked, he did say the fish and sides were seasoned nice and were tasty. 

My selections may have not been the best, however I will return. It is great service and atmosphere in a great location easy to get in and out.
Much better than my last visit for lunch. 

Was treated here by my family for Mother's Day Brunch... 
Service has always been great, but today the food was great too.. 

You name it, it was on the buffet. Cold salads, Crab claws & boiled shrimp (that's where I made my meal) roasted vegetables, lamb, prime rib and fish.. 

I had the Cream of Mushroom soup again, and this time it had more flavor.. Rich & creamy soup you expect to have... 

Cili is back on my list to take friends to lunch. The buffet, our service and table outside was great!
I have been here a few times and none of my experiences have been mind-blowing but this time I was the most disappointed. I ordered the mushroom soup which was very oily and bland knowing that I had enjoyed the chicken chowder the last time made my mushroom soup all the more disappointing. For a main course I had the salmon and was again disappointed. The potatoes were fine, the green beans great and I really enjoyed the maple sauce it is served with but the salmon was dry and way over-cooked. 
The staff is always on-point and you never have to worry about your glass going empty but for me the food is just not worth the price.
WOW!! If I could give 6 stars I would! On 9/14/13 I had the MOST beautiful wedding/reception thanks to Cili!! 

Did I mention a stress free wedding thanks to Tracy (the catering sales manager) she was such a doll through the whole process!! I would recommend this venue to all of my family & friends for any gathering!!

By the end of my wedding night I felt as if all the staff were practically family.. Everyone up to the general manger made my night wonderful!! Service was great!
On my way in from Los Angeles, I needed a quick lunch & didn't have time to stop anywhere else.  I really enjoyed my lunch at Cili, but maybe that's because it was the one time out of the year where I guessed correctly on what would be delicious on the menu.

First of the all, the prices at Cili are extremely reasonable.  Most salads & sandwiches are in the $12-$15 range, and I don't think anything on the menu was over $25.  I thought it might be more expensive, given the cost of the golf here, but that was not the case.  I ordered a Mediterranean salad & satay skewers, & both were excellent!  The satay skewers were a mix of beef & chicken, elegantly presented on a cut pineapple with a few vegetables thrown in.  It also came with 2 sauces & I couldn't make up my mind which one tasted better, because both were so dang good.  One was a red curry sauce, and one was a ginger/soy sauce.  Just cut your meat in half & try both.  You can't go wrong.

The Mediterranean salad was also good with a nice mix of greens, feta cheese, olives, tomatoes, etc.  But the one thing that I thought was particularly clever was that the croutons were toasted pieces of pita bread.  Why haven't I seen this in other greek salads?  It's such a great idea!

Four stars for good service & good food that doesn't break the bank.
Fantastic Easter Champagne Brunch Buffet! 
$68 Adults included Tax & Gratuity, Kids 5-12yrs $25, under 5yrs Free.
Little expensive but well worth the money and No waiting with advance reservations!
Omelette station, Scrambled Eggs, Eggs Benedict, Roast New Potatoes, Smoked Bacon, Pancakes, Salad & Fruit Station, Soup & Breads, Veggies/Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Jumbo King Crab Legs, Claws, large peeled Shrimp, Rack of Lamb, Seared Chilean Sea Bass, Prime Rib, Honey Baked Ham, Chicken Marsala, Alfredo Pasta & Deserts including large Chocolate covered Strawberries. 
We have enjoyed this Brunch every year.
Awesome atmosphere in outdoor covered patio.
Fantastic, friendly & attentive 1st class service from all employees & managers.
Appears same/similar Brunch Buffet will be available for Mother's Day.
++ views! ambiance! service! bread basket! calamari appetizer. 
+ Lobster salad. Slightly bland, but still good & refreshing.

-- Seabass with risotto entree. (So very yucky & disappointing)
-- Mandarin chicken.  I love spice, but this was so spicy that my husband who cannot take much heat couldn't eat a bite, so I traded my entree with him. I couldn't even eat it, it was so incredibly spicy, couldn't even tell if I was  prepared well or not because of the spice!!!!!    Waste of $$$!!!
This place has amazing food and great service.  The fish and chips are great and the lobster cobb salad is the best ever.
Very cute place that you just don't expect to be here in a commercial complex.  It's right next to an office for Al Collins.  Give ya an idea?  There are a few shaded tables out front, and some cute ikea/minimalistic tables/chairs on the inside.  Everything looks clean and bright and new - just the way you want it to look.  And the folks who work there are always really friendly - look like college students.  

They have some nice "Morning munch" selections (Breakfast) including smoothies, but I haven't tried one of them yet.  Their sandwiches and wraps though - very good. I'm not a huge fan of their turkey lunch-meat, but it's not bad - I'm just picky when it comes to turkey.  One of these days I'll eat there and try a toasted sandwich, but since I'm always a to-go girl, I figure it would be cold by the time I got back to the office.  They also have pre-made salads and sides in a case up front so you can just grab and go.  Their fruit (Cut in pieces) looked great and very fresh and for just $1.50, not a bad side at all.  Their salads are also really good sized for the money.  I will say that their chocolate chip cookies aren't quite as good as they look.  AND - while priced 2/$1, they are packaged in sets of 2, so really it's just $1.  

And oh yea - they deliver.  You can call, fax in an order, or order on-line.  Pretty fancy.
I thought the place was okay, but nothing tremendously special. The crew at Modavox swears by this place for delivery (well some of them anyway). I needed to get out of the office on a recent visit so I decided to drive over to them in Tempe. 

I had a nice talk with the young guy, who may have been the owner. He was very interested when I told him I was from San Diego. He wants to open one of these over there. I think he might have a good chance, although there are many similar and better places already.

I got the California sandwich, being from California, of course. (Turkey, Swiss, sprouts, tomato, avocado) It normally comes with mayo but I substituted mustard. The sandwich was actually much better priced for a foot-long than many other places. The place was very contemporary but I felt the sandwich was just okay. I also got chips, but bagged chips is bagged chips no no review necessary. Would I go again? Maybe.
Found this little gem around the corner from our new office about 3 months back and have been a frequent visitor ever since (at least once a week).  Like the other reviews mention, its location is super random (in a commercial office complex), but super convenient for me!  I can jam out of the office, grab lunch for the crew and myself, and be back in 15 minutes.  A win in my book.

As for the tasty morsels they've got to offer, I really haven't had anything bad.  From the meat and spinach pies (a syrian and lebanese delicacy), to the perfectly toasted turkey melt, I tend to leave this place a happy camper on a regular basis.  Everything off the menu is prepared to order (and comes out quick I might add), and they also offer a daily special called the "lunch box".

While the Turkey Melt is a close second, the lunch box is the main reason I continue to come back to Munch a Lunch.  I'm usually running pretty hot and have little time to eat, so the fact I can walk in, grab a sandwich that was made that morning accompanied by chips and a drink is a HUGE draw for me.  Especially when it only costs $4.  I mean, you can't even get a 6" at subway with chips and a drink for less than $5, and Munch a Lunch is using real meat!

Quality, fast, delicious and friendly.  Keep up the good work "boddy".
I would never have known of this establishment's existence if it wasn't for the small dining area out front with umbrellas and strange wrought-iron flutterby and dragonfly shaped chairs and tables. Not very comfortable to dine in, but cutesy nonetheless. It also helps that I now work in the surrounding area, since Munch-a-Lunch seems to cater exclusively to the business parks around it. Although it's nothing to write home about, it does a pretty fine job of sating my hunger.

This small hole-in-the-wall joint caters to those on the go with a five dollar sandwich box that consists of a sammich, bag o' chips, candy bar and canned soda. It's a screaming deal compared to most fast food meal deal prices, and you can be in and out in a few minutes. However, if you're willing to wait around a bit (and maybe try out those funky butterfly chairs or watch an old black and white movie on the tele inside), the made to order specials and salads are usually pretty solid and a good bang for your lunch buck. 

One gripe I have with this place is that the consistency is wildly variable depending on the day. I've ordered the Greek salad numerous times (what can I say, I'm a sucker for beets in a salad) and it's been nigh inedible at times due to a heavy hand with the salty dressing and feta cheese. So order dressing on the side if you're a featherweight like me. At times some items have been a bit stale as well. I've had some unfortunate puff pastry that seemed like it had been freezer burned or microwaved a hair too long. And they have a strange propensity for smothering things in sour cream sauce. 

These are little issues in the overall quality of the food though. Sandwiches and salads are always a solid bet, and the Greek menu items have rarely let me down! 

Give it a shot if you're in the area. There's worse things you could do to yourself for five bucks.
This place is so yummy and tasty! Used to go here quite a bit with co-workers from UOP. Love the breakfast sandwiches!
Went there for lunch around 1:15, not expecting it to take 25 minutes for a salad. Sadly, this place is under staffed and lacking everything needed to be a good lunch spot. I DON'T recommend it. If you want a good sandwich place, drive down the street to Dilly's Deli or any of the other sandwich shops in Tempe, your wallet, your time, and your stomach will thank you.
Gotta love the way these guys advertise - free food samples!!  They came into our office a couple months ago with some of their Spicy Hummus....the rest as they say is history!!  I order from here 1-2 times a week, everyone there is super nice. And I like that you can place your order online. The free delivery is a definite plus!

I love the Spicy Hummus & the Dumplings, but the best thing on the menu has to be the Chicken Caesar Wrap - the homemade garlic dressing is phenomenal! All of their sandwiches are pretty unique from your standard sub shop, and I love that about them. The only thing I don't care for is their Gyros - and I love Gyros.
I like this place. The prices are reasonable and the food is good. Breakfast and lunch are good. My favorite is their breakfast croissant.
So I was looking for a spot to get a quick snack before the gym. I remembered a little place around the corner I use to go to all the time when I worked in the area. I was happy to see it was still there.

If you didn't know it was there, it's easy to miss. They now have cute but unusually looking set of chairs and tables outside now with umbrellas. (So don't miss it) I always think it nice when you have the option to sit inside or outside when the day is nice.

I didn't try any of the food this time but did try a smoothie. There are limited flavors but I must say the mango smoothie is amazing!! It taste exactly like a mango, not to sweet and very flavorful!! My friend got a pineapple coconut smoothie. She let me try it and that was good as well. I would definitely recommend it over a chain smoothie establishment.
Came here to grab a quick smoothie before heading to the gym with my friend. I got the pineapple coconut smoothie (the only thing missing in it was some rum :p) which was delish and my friend got the mango flavored smooth in which she loved as well. Very clean inside which is def a big plus for me. 

It's sort of hidden so unless you know about it or happen to notice the cute butterfly chairs out front while driving by, you can easily miss it. I plan on coming back to do lunch here next time since some of their salads did catch my eye!
I ordered a veggie sandwich on wheat, and when I opended the sandwich I could not believe it!  All shredded lettuce, 2 tiny pieces of tomatoe and a few olives.  I have given this place enough chances, it is horrible don't waste your time or money.
This place is an excellent spot to pick up a variety of lunch options and they have great layout. Love this joint.
Seriously, THE best 'cue in the Valley!

This is a family operation, and the Coopers know their barbeque. They should; they've have been doing BBQ in Chandler for over 20 years. 

What's so special? Well, they slow-smoke their meats with Arizona mesquite. They use locally-grown beef and pork when available. And they know their side dishes.

Yummy, like-grandma-made-it potato salad. Simple and tasty Cowboy beans. And fresh, crisp cole slaw are some of their specialties.

They also make wonderful buttermilk biscuits and homemade lemonade.

Large portions are another plus. You will not go away hungry!
The correct address is 1650 S. Gilbert, Gilbert, AZ 85295. I did like the pork ribs but didn't think they were the best in the valley. It looks like there is a dry rub on the ribs but I couldn't taste it. The ribs are black and look crusty but there is no taste of any spices. The sauces are good and are needed. I have eaten some ribs with a really good dry rub that needs nothing else. I would rate the ribs average. There is a choice of 2 kinds of beans, I had the one with sausage in it, pretty good. The peach cobbler was good too.
Now THIS is BBQ!!

I have tried about 5 BBQ spots in AZ and this one is BY FAR the best.  The meats are so perfectly smoked you almost don't need BBQ sauce.... however, since their BBQ sauce is soooo good, you would be crazy not to!  Paradoxical, huh?

Their ribs are to die for and easily the best ribs I have ever tasted, anywhere.  Their brisket is unreal and pulled pork is heavenly.  Their prices are also very good and you can just buy meat by the pound.  I usually get like 1/2 lb. brisket, 1/2 lb. pulled pork, side of beans and a drink for under $15.  And they do not skimp on the portions... a .5lb is easily a .70lb and will get you enough for two plates of leftovers.  It's insane.

Seriously, if you love BBQ and are thinking of going to that other place up Gilbert Rd., drive an extra 3 miles or so south and go here, you won't be disappointed!

NOTE:  Their BBQ sauce is gluten-free and so are their BBQ beans.
Some friends and I went for lunch one day.  To be honest, I've had better and compared to Joe's in Gilbert, I prefer Joe's.  Every person is different with their taste of BBQ though, so whatever.

It was okay though, I'd go back if invited.  For all the seasons that look like there is in the rub on the ribs, I didn't taste a thing...maybe that was their point, but I had different expectations.  

The prices for lunch are reasonable considering the amount of food you get.
***** RETAIL LOCATION CLOSED *****

grrrrr!  Retail location closed.  Their 20yr catering business is still in full swing, but their retail shop is closed.  Sucks.
My dining companions summed up Ginger as this: "Fate's older Chinese cousin that lives in Glendale."

So put it this way, if you love Fate you  might enjoy a Chinese twist to it. If you are not so much a fan, don't go. 

Ginger China Bistro does Chinese food but not the traditional versions (so don't go if you are looking for dim sum!). The menu is small, limited to 5 apps and 5 soups/salads, and probably 15 entrees. The entrees are typical of what you'd find at a Pei Wei or other mainstream Chinese place. Difference here is that they are done well. Another plus is the GInger has a decent bottled beer and wine list. 

The restaurant space is small, albeit not as small as Fate. A feature of Ginger is a very long communal table in near the kitchen. Watch out though, if you are sitting near the cracks in the table you may end up with spilled drinks. We watched a group near us get their water spilled twice because the waitress couldn't see the cracks. The front area is a bit cluttered (newspaper on the chairs, stacks of flyers, etc.).

Service is friendly and attentive. Drinks were refilled often and the food came out quickly but not on top of each other. 

As for food...well I suppose this is the real test. We ended up with 2 apps: chicken mushroom lettuce wraps and crab angels and spring rolls. The crab angels were noted to be very cream cheesy. My lettuce wraps were tasty, the chicken was ground so it wasn't huge chunks of chicken and the the lettuce was crispy. Entrees were good but not phenomenal. My sweet and sour pineapple chicken was a good size and featured crushed pineapple instead of those chunks.

I'd love for Ginger to suceed. In the land of chains and mediocrity, Ginger is a bit refreshing. It's still getting its footing but I hope to return soon and see great things from them.
As some previous reviewers have mentioned, Ginger China Bistro is reminiscent of the restaurant formerly known as Fate in downtown Phoenix.

I popped in for lunch this week as I was nearby due to GangplankNW http://search.twitter.com/search?q=%23Gangplanknw

To get my ginger party started, I ordered up a "Ginger Palmer" (ginger iced tea + lemonade). Man, what a unique and tasty beverage!

For my entry, I ordered up the "Tofu puffs" with seasonal vegetables dish, which comes with white rice. This dish (and probably all of them) come served in a generous amount of sauce. The food was tasty & filling. Ginger Bistro is a good spot for some flavorful, not so traditional Chinese cuisine.
I've been visiting Ginger ever since it popped up in the neighborhood. We NorPho folks don't get a lot of one offs like Ginger up our way & it's a welcome change. 
That said, Gingers contemporary style & menu options have been tasty every time I've stopped in or ordered out. The portions are decent & the pricing is just north of your standard Chinese fare. If the decor, menu options were more traditional, it wouldn't be worth your time. So be sure to stop in to this quiet little gem. The Crispy Citrus Mandarin Beef is just one of the reasons it's well worth the trip.
This is a great place.  The food is consistently good the atmosphere is nice and the entire place is clean.  The server are pleasant, the food cost is reasonable and the monogolian beef is wonderful.  This place has the velveting down pat.  The Garlic shrimp with noodles is to die for.  They use fresh vegies and nothing is greasy.  We go there at least once every couple of weeks.  Very reasonable priced.
There are so many Chinese restaurants out there to choose from and you never know which one to actually eat at.  This place however should be near the top of your list if in the area.  To many times have I been to a Chinese restaurant  where price is the main factor in luring patrons to walk in the door.  This is not the case here at Ginger China Bistro as it's not super cheap, but also not going to make a large dent in your wallet.

The food here is quite exceptional with its portion size, quality, and presentation.  Also the modern decor and contemporary look add to a pleasant experience in my opionion.  It also doesn't have that clutter factor like many other Chiniese restaurants so several bonus points earned for that.

I hope this place does well as it stands out from the rest.
I was nervous wreck the first time I ate at Ginger. Not because I was worried about getting dysentery (you know how those Chinese restaurants can be). But I was meeting friends of my manstress's parents for his father's birthday. 

The place is great for groups, and they had us seated at a large table in the center of the room. I chose a seat at the end so I wouldn't be completely surrounded by people I didn't know. But all of my worries were put to rest since the whole crowd, like my parents, were teachers. 

As the beverages began to flow, our table got louder and louder. No one seemed to mind, and the staff was very attentive. 

All of the food was simply outstanding, and since we passed our dishes around for everyone to try I go to taste quite a few. I would highly recommend the both the sesame chicken and the spicy shrimp. 

The delicious food paired with a great setting and staff really made this potentially awkward encounter much more comfortable.
Exactly as others stated, a small but excellent food selection.  If you're picky about your dishes, you may be disappointed, however the quality and presentation are clean and savoury. Portions are large. Very family friendly.  If you don't leave hurting, you didn't eat right.
The food was good and fresh but the service was awful. Very slow and our server gave us an appetizer on the house for the delay. They only had 1 bottle of the wine we ordered and we had to get something different for our 2nd bottle. It was not even a busy night. Maybe takeout would be better to not have to deal with slow inattentive service.
I've shared lunch with colleagues here and I have to say... not really impressed. The space is wonderful. Light, clean lines, uncramped, good flow - but I don't repeat visit a place that "looks" good. I simply don't have the time when there are so many places that bring me the whole package. 

I don't know if there dinner menu is different, but there are a fair amount of selections without being overwhelming. There are only two meatless options, which I expect more of, especially in a Chinese restaurant. I've eaten ginger soy noodles and they are just bleh... if not a little greasy. Two of my friends seemed to enjoy their dishes and the fourth commented on hers being REALLY salty. 

All of that could be forgiven if the flavor profile was strong enough to overcome the lack of creativity. But it just isn't. 

For those of you looking for the "all inclusive" lunch special, keep driving. Here you will just get your entree item or app and a portion of white rice. They will bring you brown rice if you request and then remind them. 

As it is a relatively small space, I would expect service to be attentive. And perhaps they have a different crew of people that work dinner, but we all sat with empty glasses grabbing employees as they walk by at arms length that seems oblivious to the fact that four people holding empty glasses is a sign that you might want to stop at the table. 

Lastly, I sort of feel like GCB has a little bit of an identity crisis happening. It seems to want to the trendy go-to spot that pushes the tried and true Asian flavors to a new and updated level. Instead what it delivers is conventional, rather unremarkable food in really nice bowls. 

Maybe we were just there on bad days. I get that. We all have them. But when you have other choices, I want some substance and wow.
Today's Asian Pear salad had apples in it instead of pears with nobody telling you that. See my picture and you can guess how it taste.

Maybe the best meal they make is the Tofu Puffs,Todays vegetables were Broccoli, Bok Choy, Snow Peas, Carrots, and Mushrooms in an Ultra Mild thickened Chicken Broth. I couldn't taste any oil in this dish or much flavor but it did seem like fresh food.

I have been here many times with different diners because of location and I remember one person not liking a shrimp dish and another not liking a beef dish. I thought the Asian Pear Salad was a total loser today.

Most of the Asian restaurants in this immediate area are two stars to me  with them all being different also I wanted to retry in this area and also I didn't care to drive down Bell Road for a better option.

The thing that separates this two star Chinese from others nearby is that this place is sparkling clean,just look at the grout by the door.
This is great chinese food. The meat is not "mystery meat" and it is good clean food. I love the Mongolian Beef or they can substitute beef for chicken. Kinda on the pricey side, but good.
I've been reading the other reviews and I see a lot of ups-and-downs. I've been to the Ginger China Bistro about a dozen times and it is my go-to evening restaurant for a quiet and intimate meal with close friends.

Everyone reviewing agrees that the atmosphere is pretty perfect. Quiet, dark, modern. It's never been raucous a single time I've visited. My favorite item on the menu is the curry-styled chicken dish, which I ordered once out of curiosity and really enjoyed. I've never tried a salad(which seems to be the downside on most people's reviews on Yelp), but I've never had a bad meal.
First of all, it is NOT an authentic Chinese food. (Think Panda Express)

We all ordered different items: mostly stir fried noodles. Despite the different names, they ALL tasted very similar. Mind you, if they were good, I wouldn't mind. But they were not flavorful at all, but very salty (Read: MSG / Hypertension). We had to ask a variety of sauces and even then the dishes turned out horrible. Not to brag, but I can definitely stir fry better noodles with fresher ingredients and better sauce mix at home. Coming from California and having tried hundreds of Chinese restaurants in that state, authentic or non-authentic, this restaurant is byfar the worst Chinese restaurant! Congrats on the Golden Raspberry Award.

In terms of decor, it is dimly lit, clean and modern, even fancy. Normally, I would save 2 stars for a restaurant regardless of their taste, but this restaurant is just beyond help - they desperately need to change their recipe or hire a new chef!

To be fair, other Chinese restaurants around the area are of similar quality, but slightly better. If overall it is an Arizonian thing, I would not know.
I am surprised that they have good reviews. 
I would say this was my least favorite chinese restuarant in town. 
I am trying to think postiviely after reading some of 5 star reviews, but 
I cannot forget how orange chiken tasted like a sugar chiken. 
I almost thought I was eating a dessert. 

I don't mind modern, dark, quiet atmosphere as long as the chinese food tastes like chinese food.
I was excited to have lunch at what appeared to be a place that would offer a nice dining experience. Unfortunately I will never go back, as the meal was quite mediocre, the service/waitress failed at bringing life and personality. Overall I was surprisingly disappointed with the experience. "Never judge a book by its cover," well, from the exterior this restaurant appeared to be nice and lively, but unfortunately it failed to measure up to the minimum level of expectations.
How is this place even open still?  Everything was absolutely awful.
My daughter and I went in for lunch.  The place was completely empty at 12:45!  
You know if the appetizer is bad the rest of the meal is pretty much done for.  The pot stickers were completely flavorless.  The crispy chicken with mushroom sauce was completely inedible; the chicken tasted like it had been fried in really old oil several years ago and left to dry on the countertop.  The coconut chicken curry my daughter ordered was also devoid of flavor.  The server said three words to us the entire time we were there, and when I told him how unpleasant the meal tasted, he had no reply.  I truly wish I had asked for at least one of our meals to be taken off the bill.  ARGH!!!
We went on a Saturday night before going to a small house party. We had been to one of the places close by, and thought that we should give this place a shot.  My girlfriend and I started off with the War Won Ton Soup.  It was pretty good.  The broth was very light and flavorful.  For entree's we had the Broccoli Beef and Mandarin Orange Chicken.  The sauce for the Broccoli Beef was a little heavy on the Soy, and the Orange Chicken was a little on the light side.  However, the chicken was fried perfectly and didn't have an overly oily taste to it.  The one thing that was lacking was the service.  It was very slow inside, and the service matched.  Based on my experience, I would go back again....however, I wouldn't be surprised if there was a lack of consistancy, judging from the reviews and the fact that the restaurant owners that were working didn't seem to be focused on anything at all.  We'll see how the next visit goes.
The place looked ok from the outside. The inside was nice. It is not small child friendly. When we walked in with our three boys(8,5,2) there appeared to be shear panic on the lady's face. I think it was the two year old that threw them. For starters I had to go get a highchair myself(they didn't think to even ask) and then they tore apart this little storage unit looking for some crayons and paper for the boys. Service was ok at best. The food was ok at best. Overall was ok...at best. I wouldn't say it was the worst like so many other reviews but not real high on the list. On the fence if my wife and I will go back to give it another shake, but without the boys. That is to bad too, our small boys actually like chinese food were as most small children don't.
This is hands down the best Chinese restaurant I have had since we have lived in AZ the past 14 years. We drive from North Scottsdale to go here. Food is delicious, nice atmosphere and excellent service!!!!
Me and my family enjoy our meal everytime we dine here. Whenever its Chinese food night out we come here. I always order the Madarin beef and Or the Sesame Chicken when we come and don't forget the combination fried rice.
We ordered takeout from China Bistro for the first time and were happily surprised to find the food was delicious, served in large portions, and reasonably priced. We had the beef and mushroom lettuce wrap appetizer, the Mongolian beef, and the sweet and sour pineapple chicken. I am fussy about Chinese food and I would happily recommend this place. We will definitely be getting takeout from there again.
Very good! The Garlic Shrimp with Broadway Noodles was very tasty, even if they have a large amount of noodles. And their spring roll/crab angel appetizer was very tasty. Definitely looking forward to trying other dishes there!
Excellent place, highly recommended! Great service and food
Absolutely delicious!  We just tried for the first time and we were very impressed.  We got takeout (Citrus Beef and Ginger's Crispy Chicken with mushroom sauce)  Both were excellent.  The spring rolls were great, the crab angels could use a little more stuffing but still very tasty.  The place looks clean and nice decor too.  Highly recommend it!
This is by far one of my favorite places in Glendale. I always take my family and friends here when they visit and they all love it. They only use fresh white meat chicken which is a nice change from the deep fried stuff you get anywhere else. Their won ton soup is amazing and big enough to split. They have vegetarian dishes that are good no matter what your preferences are. This is a nice clean restaurant and it is always quite in there so you can actually talk to one another. I highly recommend giving it a try.
I am not getting the negative reviews, especially the one who claimed it wasn't "authentic (think Panda Express)."  The food is always fresh, the people are always friendly, and I always leave satisfied.
This is the only Chinese restaurant I will eat at. Once I started when it first opened, I have only went elsewhere once and it was a huge let down. The food here is consistent and tastes awesome! They make their won ton soup broth from scratch and it is some of the best soup I have had. I have sent my dentist here, my friends, and clients. All come back again and again! This is not your typical salty Chinese buffet, it is not a buffet at all. This is quality, freshly made Chinese food. The menu does not change ever!
This place is amazing! I'm Chinese, grew up on home cooked authentic Chinese cooking, I make Chinese for dinner every night... So I know good Chinese!  This is it! Plates are huge and cheap, food is non-greasy & oily. They accommodated our diet needs.  Awesome!
Very good and service. Portions were the right size. A great place for a causal date night.
Very fresh ingredients. The appetizers were great and the entree was amazing. The staff was very polite and helpful. Restaurant was very clean and orderly with fantastic service. Beautiful atmosphere and great food. Take out service as well.
My husband & I went here for dinner tonight & thought the food was amazing. We got the spring rolls & cream puffs as an appetizer then the orange chicken & sesame chicken for our main entrees. Everything tasted great and the staff was friendly. Will definitely go back.
This is our regular date night spot. We love the food, service and prices. I would recommend Ginger over a chain like PF Chang's. Asian Pear Salad and Pot Stickers are two of our faves!
Best chicken fried rice! My husband and I will drive from across town to come eat here. No MSG in anything, the way it should be! The folks here are always nice and friendly! Thank you!
I just had the honey sesame chicken and it was wonderful.  Just slightly crispy yet oh so tender.  Very delicate taste. My only wish is that someone had told me about this place sooner.
We love the honey sesame chicken, mongolian beef and pork fried rice.  The interior is more modern than most Chinese restaurants, and very nice.  There's a patio if you'd like to eat outside, as well.  This is our go-to place for takeout...it's the best in the area.
We love Ginger! Tonight we tried the egg foo  young. It is well worth the 20 minute drive! Great service and food!
I only give it two stars because of the cool building.  This restaurant is in the original terminal of the Phoenix Air Port.  While you're eating you're actually watching planes take off and land, and that is pretty cool. 

Their food is terrible.  I heard that one time they made a mistake while filling the salt shakers and instead filled them with MSG!!! I know, right, disgusting.
I have eaten here many times over the last decade. I used to work right next door, and I went to university in the same parking lot. The outdoor patio is pretty cool as is the upstairs.

The food is ok, but not spectacular. Think breakfast at Denny's. If you like airplanes, or have little kids this is a great place.
Had breakfast at the Left Seat with some out-of-towners en-route to departures. The location is awesome if you are an aviation buff or just enjoy watching the runways. The service was friendly, and the prices very, very reasonable -- our bill was $41 for 3, with extra juices and all. The food was pretty mediocre, very standard breakfast fare with a bit too much butter. The corned beef hash was decent, but likely canned. The French toast was okay, not earth shattering. But after a night of drinking, a greasy breakfast hit the spot, and frankly we came for the ambiance.
Whoa.  Just... whoa.

Went here this weekend with the boyfriend and a buddy of ours.  I was a little leary going in because a) the buddy is pretty hit or miss on his food recommendations (mostly on the miss side, to be honest) and, b) at 8:30am on Saturday morning, there were 3 cars in the parking lot.

Uh oh...

BUT... whoa! 

Awesome coffee.  Just straight up darn good.  (Well, assuming you like your coffee strong.  If you're a brown water drinker, you won't like it.)

I ordered a... turkey, tomato, avocado and cheese omelette with hash browns and a biscuit.  The boyfriend had french toast and scrambled eggs while the buddy had corned beef hash, eggs (I think), toast, hash browns and a side order of pancakes.  

My omelette was delicious.  The turkey was awesomely flavorful, the pieces of avocado were huge and I don't know what they did to the eggs in general, but.... daaaaaaaaaaang.  The biscuit was heavy, but tasty with butter and honey, and the hashbrowns were hash browns (despite asking for them extra extra extra.... extra crispy, they were still underdone), but... Have I mentioned how good that darn omelette was?

The boyfriend agreed that the eggs were great, and said that even the syrup was better than other places.  The buddy plowed through his food without saying a word, eating every last bite like he had the munchies.  Which he may have...  regardless...

I'd highly recommend this place to anyone interested in a super tasty breakfast.  And bonus points for ambiance - the restaurant is located just north of Sky Harbor's north runway, so we got to watch all the poor souls flying US Air sit on the tarmac waiting to take off while we ate.
Jennifer's Catering is AMAZING.  I was lucky enough to have this fantastic company cater my wedding, and the compliments on the food were endless.  

My husband and I first came across Jennifer's Catering when they catered my sister-in-law's wedding, and once my husband proposed to me and we started to delve into the planning process, I knew that I had to have Jennifer's Catering prepare the food for our wedding.

I contacted the company and from that point on was in direct communication with Andrew, who handles planning and the like.  He is so incredibly nice, and even when I kept e-mailing him with all sorts of changes and wrong numbers and made him re-do things over and over again, he always responded with unmitigated kindness that never failed to make me smile.  When my hubby and I went for our tasting, everything was out of this world -- the mac and cheese, especially.  We wanted to go for the look of gourmet comfort food --- pulled pork sliders, miniature meatloaf, bruschetta that was to-die-for and other lovely choices flocked our menu, and with every bite of something new that I tasted, "wow" was the word that escaped me.   We had a few guests at our wedding who are vegan or vegetarian, and Jennifer's Catering accommodated our needs with delicious food that was appropriate for those dietary needs.  

I cannot say enough about Jennifer's.  They worked within our budget constraints and produced the best, most creative food that everyone enjoyed.  I recommend them with five stars -- Jennifer's Catering is truly as good as it gets.
We used Jennifer's Catering for a cocktail party we had at our house for 30 people. The food was fantastic. The service was also top notch. The homemade potato chips were so good, and the sauce and little cups that they came in were very unique. All of the guests raved about the food.  The little cupcakes were also a party favorite. They were very professional and we will definitely use them again.
Jennifer's did an amazing job catering my wedding. They went above and beyond and took care of the food, rentals, even coordinating live trees for decoration! People are still talking about our hors d'oeuvres stations, (a innovative alternative to the usual buffet), each one a different theme that allowed our guests to graze all night! I would love to use Jennifer's again in the future, one word: flawless!
I hired Jennifer's Catering for my parent's 50th wedding anniversary party, and they were fantastic. They made everything effortless for me, so I could enjoy the party. They were always looking for ways to help me out, and ways to make my guest's experiences even more enjoyable. The food was wonderfully delicious, the bartender was friendly and went above and beyond, and the rest of the crew was just as friendly and professional. They certainly exceeded my expectations and I would definitely hire them again.
This place has great potential,  I am going lightly and regarding it has opening weekend pains, however at least 4 front of the house employees working and only 4 people in there (my friend and I included in the 4) I expected clearer direction.  I will go back a second time to form my final opinion.  So below will be my first impression.

I walked into to who I think my be one of the owners, there is no signage to indicate that you order at a cash register and not sit down.  (I personally think they should reconsider this format)  He starts handing me menus and telling me specials and I don't even know what I am doing.  So we walked off and sat down at a table since no one told us to order at the cash register and the giant chalk board when you walk in  has a monthly calendar versus directions with arrows that say "seat yourself" and "order this way"  

Anyway, we sit down and all and there is one other table in there right next to us.  I server is talking to them so we assumed that she would help us next.  After sitting there for 5 mins we finally figured out that we are suppose to order at the register.  I don't mind this format as long as it is done efficiently.  My only suggestion is that you make sure the customer knows what to do and put the deserts and some deli/cold items BEFORE the register, along with the jams over by the sitting area.   

We order, get a number and sit down.  We ordered and split the Nosh (cheese board) and Cuban pork sandwich.  Both were very good and my only comment would be to include a jam or honey with the blue cheese.  However the sandwich was flavored perfectly and found it rather delightful.  It was delivered by a server and another girl who must be learning to be a server, they had a discussion on how to present and we had to sit there and wait to eat while we were used as training and the girl in training was clearly nervous and the girl instructing was say things like "your going to have to learn"  it was rather uncomfortable.  I would recommend writing down what you want to say to describe the food and straight read it.  But that's me.

Anyway, overall the food was good and if they improve the flow of the restaurant and front of the house service they will crush Arcadia.  I will be back in a couple weeks to give it another try and I am looking forward to trying their dinner with some slight spins on comfort food.
I'm not one to fling around perfect ratings based on just one visit, but this place made such a great impression on me there was just no alternative. I had the salade nioise and a side of the herb fries ... MY GOD SO TASTY. The salad had perfectly seared sashimi-grade yellowfin tuna, and the dressing was light and perfect. The fries ... I have no idea how they got the fries so crispy and delicious. After lunch I bought pretty much one of everything from their bakery display case ... their pastry chefs know what they're doing. 

I loved the French dcor, too. The music was hit and miss though, but no big deal. 

Oh, it's not visible from the street, really. It's on the southwest corner of the strip mall. The main entrance faces south.
Awesome new place in Arcadia, food and wine was very tasty. We tried several items and loved all of them. They even have a great kids menu.  Great outdoor seating
Love the neighborhood feel and location of this restaurant.  Every dish we ordered was outstanding.  Can't wait to try the Grab and Go options!
I LOVE this place. I hate to use such a lame phrase, but this stuff is the definition of delicious and nutritious -- heavy emphasis on the delicious. Everything tastes really fresh and satisfying. Plus, the staff is super friendly and the decor is SO CUTE. They have this little beverage station that is a million times more adorable than a soda fountain. It kind of reminds me of the mimosa bar at my sister-in-law's bridal shower. 

This will definitely be a new lunch spot for me. My boyfriend loves charcuterie boards, so I will be bringing him in to try the nosh boards. Hopefully I can talk him into the fondue!
Cute space and decor - this place has potential. 

The only reason I am giving this place a low rating because the food was not very good. I ordered the Shrimp Po-Boy, it came out cold and the complete opposite of what a Shrimp Po-Boy should taste like. The shrimp was small and cold, the sandwich basically tasted like a salad in a stiff baguette. I was so disappointed, I wanted to cry because I was looking forward to fried shrimp in a warm baguette. For $11 I would expected something amazing.

Definitely not coming here again :(
The concept is a bit different. You order at the counter and service brings the food to you. They just appeared to have opened. My wife and wanted something casual for dinner which this place provided.  At the end of the day, restaurants are about the food and this place has excellent food. Great cheese platters and $20 steak. Once this place gets going, it is going to be one of the Acadia go to spots.  

If you are a foodie who likes casual joints. You will love this place.
I don't yelp much but I want to see these guys do well.  The food is great.   The atmosphere is really cute.   Loving the nosh boards and the unique wine selection.  Fun place to relax with cheese and a drink.

Try the chips.
VERY excited about The Market by Jennifer's. As in, I tried it this past weekend, and oh, I'm already going back today. I was excited to see that the place was packed because I want this market to be around for a long time.

The LOCATION is great.  In the complex with Antique Gatherings, Poor Little Rich Girl and Zipps, Right next to Crudo, and facing 36th Street. They've taken limited exterior space, and managed to make a great outdoor patio (that doesn't face Indian School - yay!). 

INSIDE - ohemgee. Exposed ceiling, french-inspired chandeliers, and cafe tables. The devil is in the details, and they nailed it. Even the water beverage bar is on a french industrial table, while the order numbers for your table are made of solid wood with bold-font numbers. It feels provincial, trendy and local at the same time. I like a well-designed space.  

The SERVICE was great.  Diners order at the counter and the food comes to you. As soon as we walked in, a server told us the process, gave us menus and told us to make ourselves comfortable at a table while we decided.  This avoids a long line at the counter.  While we sat and looked at the menu, we were served water and asked if we had questions.  (Although this is an order at the counter cafe, we never had to get up to refill our water glasses.  The servers were on top of this for us.)

And we did have a question - which of the MENU items do we try because they all sounded ridiculously good.  Traditional lunch and dinner entrees and "nosh boards." We went for the Molten Fondue Nosh Board because we were on a diet (I kid, I kid.) Fresh fruit, locally-made sausage, bread and pretzel bites on a great wooden board with a small cruet of fondue. It was a prefect light lunch for two.  And it was so good that when we finished the board, I was honestly tempted to drink the few remaining drops of the fondue straight.  (Maybe they should offer this as a cocktail "molten fondue, neat.") We didn't have dessert or pastries, but the looked worth the splurge.

Last but not least, the "GRAB N' GO "  A fridge of prepared entrees that you can buy and pop in the oven at home. I was excited to see entrees in a range of palates - sophisticated choices for an adult get-together to comfort food for the kiddos. (I hear the mac n' cheese is so addictive you should warn your arteries.)

My only point of contention (every review has one) is that they are closed two days - Mondays and Tuesdays.  Deal breaker?  Nah. I'm hoping they're testing the waters and might compromise on one day for those of us hoping to pop in to grab an entree or two for dinner.


So clearly, I'm a fan. I will probably become a Norm-like regular. Cen Pho / Arcadia was crying for a place like this - casual, easy with exceptional food.  Yay. Yay. Yay.
Initial experience left a HORRID TASTE IN MY MOUTH and I never even tried the food!!!!!

Just had an -interesting- conversation with the girl who answers the phone, Amanda. 
WOW.
After being asking what I was calling for (catering an event, duh!) I told her what I needed, I was put on hold, phone was answered again by Amanda who acted like she hadn't just talked to me 6 seconds before and asked the same question again. 

Her absolutely lack of professionalism quickly wore down my patience. I felt like I was dealing with a 15 year old!!

In the middle of asking me what our date was for our wedding, venue, etc., she blurts out "Oh, you know there is a 5k minimum for December. You know that, right?" 
I was baffled by the way she said this, as well as there was no surrounding explanation or context... When I asked "Why?" She laughed at me and then said "Well, thats just our policy." Okay, that's fine. There are much, MUCH better ways of presenting this to a prospective client. Also, you probably shouldn't say it to someone when you don't know what their budget is or how much they are willing to pay. Moreover, the condescending, rude tone in which you say things like that have a lasting effect. 

They don't know that they are on the preferred vendor's list at my venue, they don't know specific rules or things that the venue already provides and this girl seems to have no grasp of how to get details from someone without asking the most idiotic questions. If someone keeps saying "We just require a plated dinner, no other services from you." You don't need to keep asking things like "what about cake, what about a bartender, what about hors D'oeuvres?" "NO! Just a plated dinner." 

Total incompetence, lack of professionalism, rude, and absolutely not a business who I would recommend working with after this brief and exhausting exchange. 

I wanted to book a simple consultation to try to talk to a coherent adult about food, do a tasting, and then sign a contract --TO GIVE YOU MONEY--! 

To the owner of this business: 
(Before I completely wrote you off as my potential caterer) I requested that when I got my call back, I would like to deal directly with the owner, Jennifer. 
Amanda rudely asked "Why?!?" I told her that I would like to deal with someone who knows the venue that I am booked at, (considering you are a preferred vendor there). 
I would strongly suggest getting someone else who knows how to deal with customers, has a better "table-side manner", and knowledge of halfway decent customer service. 
I have had much more pleasant experiences with call center employees.
So it seems that the owner of this business is just as unprofessional as her employees!
After my conversation with them on Wednesday, today I received a call from Jennifer and a voicemail that was largely sarcastic in tone, as well as unapologetic for her employee's behavior. Also in the voicemail was her distaste for my yelp review that she called "harsh". She does say "I apologize" at one point in a tone and verbiage that is clearly an "I'm sorry, I'm not sorry".

"Hi Rae, this is Jennifer with Jennifer's catering... I would love to chat with you. I know that you chatted with Amanda yesterday and I see you had a "very large problem with that", so I'd like to talk to you about that. I apologize if she came across...um... harsh? But... uh, yeah... this yelp review is awfully harsh too. BUT, I think she was just going by the guidelines but, uh... obviously that was very (inaudible) to you so I'd like to discuss."

Jennifer ends the message by leaving her number and an extremely curt "Thank you". 

How inappropriate can you get?!? 
The only reason you have my information is because I gave it your staff member before I realized what kind of a company I was dealing with. The information was given under the pretense that I wanted to hire you to cater an event, not call and complain about my very accurate, well deserved yelp review and subsequent review update. 

A tip: Don't call and leave voicemails complaining about yelp to the yelper who left it for you in the first place. How in the world do you have a successful business when you don't know the basics of customer service, hospitality and appropriate business behavior? 

I'd also like to add, if you had called and were actually professional, apologetic and genuinely concerned about "very large problem" & the poor experience I had in the first place, instead of your yelp reviews, I would have gladly changed/amended it to say that you called and cared. Instead, you shot yourself in the foot and now this is here... 

To anyone who is thinking of hiring this company, you've been warned! As for me, I've moved on and booked someone else.
The Gaslight Square is on fire and this is another bright option to this strip mall. Why am I so hooked to The Market? They didn't copycat any typical new restaurants. All of their interiors are fastidious and tasteful (not just thrown up yesterday) and they definitely have the cafe vibe. I'm excited about the cheeseboard and charcuterie options plus happy hour. Baked goods are very yummy and quiche was gorgeous.  

Staff were extremely professional - even making sure that tidying up (sweeping) wasn't a bother to me.

Thanks for the great option in our neighborhood! Looking forward to kicking back on your patio this spring. 

Folks, they also have ample parking... A commodity in Arcadia.
Awesome staff, Epic food,  and Rad Happy Hour.  A great Arcadia location and is beach cruiser friendly..
Yet another fantastic new dining establishment along the Indian School corridor!!!
My company hosted a small catered event at Jennifer's new cafe and everything was fantastic!  All of our 40 guests were very happy with the food, service and overall atmosphere of the of this new cafe.  
Every effort was made to ensure our party was fully accommodated.  The food was exceptional and very reasonably priced.  
Jennifer and her staff are truly trying to make an impression in their new cafe and it shows. 
I'm looking forward to adding this a one of my new favorite lunch spot and catering options!
I live right around the corner from this place and have been excitingly awaiting it to open. I had friends in town for the weekend and so we decided this place would be perfect for a late Sunday lunch. I was very impressed when I walked in. They put a lot of thought and effort in creating an awesome atmosphere.

We ordered the butternut squash soup, a burger, yellow tail tuna salad, chicken schnitzel sandwich and the Cuban sandwich and shared everything. The soup and chicken sandwich was good, the tuna on the salad seemed off and we couldn't put our finger on what it was about the consistency that just seemed off, I didn't like the Cuban but everyone else said it was just OK and we all thought the burger was horrible. Everything on the burger was bland except the burnt onion. The meat had no flavor AT ALL.

I feel that there was a lot of effort put into the atmosphere and the menu was an afterthought. I doubt I will be going back.
Finally got a chance to come I here. Been eyeing this place since it started being built out. Although we came here for desert and coffee only, their dinner menu looked liked it has some delicious meals. The desert here was top notch. We had an Apple bourbon stack and a brown butter brownie chocolate chip cookie. Some of the best and more unique deserts I've ever had. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is very laid back. The waitress was telling us about their happy hour and how you can see the sunset from the patio tables. We plan on coming back for happy hour and dinner to see the sunset. I love discovering new local restaurants like this. Come by, check this place out, treat yourself to some good food, support local business, and make sure to tell your friends :)
So happy to have this in the neighborhood! I've been there several times and not been disappointed once. I can see how Jennifer has been a long-time successful caterer. 

The Cuban sandwich is plentiful and delicious. The asparagus, burratta, and prosciutto salad is a nice light offering but still satisfying. Butternut squash soup hit the spot. I enjoyed the fresh shrimp po boy - the shrimp was not fried - which made it feel healthier.

I'm not a huge fan of the nosh boards, the corn chips are nothing special and the combination is a bit weird.  

Do try the brownie cookies, you will not regret it.
The market by Jennifer. My first time here, and I get to tour the kitchen with the GM. So clean. I ordered the wedge salad to start, it's a Iceberg wedge, point Reyes blue cheese, bacon. Hard to go wrong with this salad. I also ordered the rock shrimp poboy. So good. The shrimp were cooked to about medium rare. A chewy, hard crumbly bread was the rock that held all the goodies inside and gave the sandwich more body. What was just awesome was the pickled and roasted pig trotter. Freaking awesome. It came with a light green salad with a citrus vin. So tender, juicy and fattening. But well worth it. You can also grab cold food to go pre made. Some you can heat up yourself. I went the other way and took home an awesome imperial stout. (yes, they have beer and wine to go!) I can't wait to take my girlfriend in to try the meat and cheese boards and have a bottle of wine.
First visit...all by myself.  Sunday pre-evening,  kid-free, errands done, glass of wine and a nosh desired.  Drove by, saw a light crowd, a patio, and a bunch of motorcycles.  Clearly not overly pretentious...so I stopped.   I had a very attentive waiter,  a lovely glass of wine, good butternut squash soup and an amazing salad with beets and pistachio vinegrette.  Happiness on a patio!   I look forward to a family dinner here to try the salmon :-)
I work right down the street from The Market and often have little down time in-between tanning clients to eat, so I love the convenience of stopping by The Market to pick up a delicious, gourmet meal from their "Grab N Go" section that offers REAL, quality meals that'll nourish and energize me for the remainder of my day. You won't find long lines here or in their parking lot. Parking is a cinch (no valet), which allows me to literally walk in and out in 5 minutes. It's one of the best attributes of The Market that I can greatly appreciate.

A hungry girl is no pretty sight so time is of value when it comes to feasting.

I'm also here every Sunday stocking up on my Evolution Juices for the week because The Market sells them at $4! That's the best price I've seen so far in the Valley, plus the girls and Richard always have a warm smile to share every time I walk in. 

The restaurant has an open air feel to it, great packaging for spices and delicious pastries. I've only had one opportunity to sit down and dine, but I'd love to explore their menu more.
Sorry, Jennifer'S. Stick to catering where you don't have a customer service component. A service based business should at least require staff to interact with customers. If your staff can glare at customers they can at least fill water glasses.
Amazing food and a great staff. Karleen is one of the employees and she always recommends the best items on the menu to eat. We also met Jennifer for the first time and she made the experience even better, very happy and made us enjoy our meal even more. S'mores board is a must try for desert.
Everything about the experience here is tops. Happened across it while on my way to a different place, and am thrilled with my decision. The food, wow. I had an omelette. The menu liats three different kind, a pepper, a pok and a cheese. I thought all three  sounded good, so they made a combo and omg it must be one of the best omelets I've ever had!
 
The details of the whole place have been well thought out. From the size of the coffee cup to the music to even a nice little shelf next the to toilet in the bathroom (perfectly clean bathroom, btw)

I'd make this my go to diner if I lived anywhere even remotely close!
I live very close by and was really hoping Jennifer's would be my new favorite.  Although I was sadly disappointed with the service and confused by my meal, I plan to return to try them out for breakfast.  I was sat by my waitress who came back 10-15 minutes later asking if I was ready to order, yet she hadn't given me a menu or offered me a beverage.  I ordered the herb seasoned fries (delicious! ) and the pork Cuban sandwich.  Someone else dropped off my food, and my waitress never came back. I had to flag people down as they passed to ask for things like a refill and for my tab. The "Cuban" resembled nothing even close to a traditional cuban sandwich.  I thought I received a bbq pork sandwich someone else ordered. It tasted mostly of vinegar (from the pickled shallots) and bbq sauce. The bun was overly charred, black and burned. They were really busy though and all new businesses experience growing pains so I will definitely be back to test out other items on their menu. There was a blond gal who I assumed was either the owner or perhaps a front of house manager that was remarkably friendly. I gave them 3 stars for now and hope to increase it after my next visit! Major plus......pet friendly patio!
I decided to try this restaurant based on the good reviews on Yelp. I was meeting a friend for brunch on Sunday the day before Memorial Day. I arrived a little early because I wasn't sure where it was. It is located in Gaslight Square Shopping Center at the back. I suggested that they have an arrow to point where the place was located. I called my friend as I knew she would need good directions to find the place. It was very quiet when I got there so I got good service. When my friend arrived we ordered. She had a cheese omelette and I ordered the vegetable quiche. Her omelette came with shoestring fries and my vegetable quiche came with a salad. She said her dish was outstanding and my quiche melted in my mouth. It was so good. I would like to return as the service was good and there are many items I would like to try. I highly recommend this new place. They also have a Happy Hour as well.
What a find in the neighborhood!  I had the chicken and polenta and it was over-the-top fabulous.

And the service is wonderful.  What a treat!
What an adorable, curious place! Everything I'd heard about The Market is true + infinity! On the very corner of Arcadia's Gaslight Square is a hybrid dine-in restaurant with curbside catering. (If you're short on time prepared food is available for quick "grab and go".)

I popped in for a speed lunch with my Yelper friend Su-Shien and was *delighted* by the food, service and decor. Think fancy pants (chandeliers sprinkle the room) with rustic touches (cord is used to tie silverware). The space is intimate yet casual. Two top tables can readily be combined for larger groups. 

I would love to return for dining IN the kitchen. That's right: There's a bigger table where the magic happens. Friends of mine have eaten there and raved about it. (Soon!)

The food is made for sharing. Nosh boards range from meat, veges, cheese, fondue and (get this) plain ole' bread and butter. My first experience was with the charcuterie (meat) board. The menu doesn't do justice to what is delivered. Delicate sides accompany prosciutto, sopprasata, bresola and spanish chorizo. Thinly sliced wafers of bread can be layered with violet mustard, apple chutney and pickled shallots. We made our selection while enviously eyeing the table next to us.

....where The Very Jennifer was seated! She's a breath of fresh air! So sweet it (almost) hurts. You'll love her (and everyone else that works there).

My friend and I split the Roasted Pork Cuban Sandwich. The pork melted away, deliciously prepared and served on a brioch bun with a side of sea salt chips. Generously sized we were very happy with our portions

Happy Hour! *Every* Day They Are Open. (3-6pm)
- 12 oz beers $2
- Well drinks $5
- Wine by glass 1/2 off 

Love, love, love this place!
This is a great find and a great addition to the Arcadia area! My family stopped in for lunch  and was very pleased with our meals. I had the Cuban which was great and my husband had their burger. You can tell they are using fresh ingredients and there is a lot of attention to detail in the entire experience. I am looking forward to coming back and trying their nosh boards! It seems like a great spot to bring a group of friends for drinks (great wine selection) and we def want to come back and check out brunch which they serve until 5pm- bonus!

This place really deserves some love from CenPho people and I hope you all check it out!
First time patrons,  Sat afternoon,  quaint place,  fun and fresh decor. Good service.  A bit confusing for a newbie,  seeing that there was no direction as to if you are to wait to be seated, seat yourself or order at the counter.  Great presentation of the meat nosh board and herb fries accompanied by iced coffee(that had no real strength to it) and was surprised that a restaurant like this didn't serve a simple syrup with the coffee, but packets of all types of sugar. Meat nosh board was tasty,  Good variety, could use a bit more cheese and bread for all of the meat they give you,  And the peach chutney was oishii(delicious)! Try, it won't hurt.
Great place, great food. Can't wait to go back. However, we're not sure about the use of the apostrophe in the restaurant's name though. Any thoughts?
I am writing to sing the praises of the Nioise salad.  The seared tuna on it was flawlessly prepared, the haricot verts were perfectly al dente and I loved the touch of roasted tomatoes. And at $13 which may seem a little steep, it was a lot of food---I didn't finish it.  The people that worked there were very friendly. 

It's a little hard to find, being at the back of the shopping center next to Crudo.
Stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. 

Parking is easy, right on the corner next to Crudo. I was quickly greeted by a very friendly server who took me over to the cooler to pick out my beer of choice. Ended up having a nice hefeweizen from Temecula, CA.

My friend and I decided to split the cheese board, $14. They were out of the brie that comes with it, so they upped the size of the other cheese portions. The goat Humbolt Fog was my favorite. The board comes with dried fruit (similar to the kind you find in trail mix), spiced almonds (loved these) and a very interesting apricot compote (it actually tasted like sausage, but i think i liked it.)

The atmosphere is cool and comfortable. It looks like they have some great grab-and-go options as well.

I will definitely be back to try more things on the menu, but not when I'm looking for a meal under $12...
Loved our breakfast! One mimosa is all I can do. Had pulled pork and chiles omelet with white cheese, completely delish and gluten free! Definitely coming back
I was referred to this company by my wedding venue which only allows a handful of caters to work at their establishment. The first tasting went very well, when I emailed asking for specific items and made a second appointment that is when I was called an "over zealous bride." That the tasting was just to give confidence in his skills and that he would not be doing 15 tastings for one bride and that there are 10,000 other caters in AZ and to pick one of them. The lack of professionalism was honestly astounding. It has been the worst experience of planning my wedding and took me completely off guard as the flip from nice to disgustingly rude was instantaneous.
A Savory Affair catered my daughters wedding this weekend and they did an amazing job! The food was absolutely delicious and they were punctual, friendly, helpful and professional. Many people complicated us on the food and the menu that we had for the buffet. Thank you Chef for helping to make my daughter's wedding fantastic and memorable!
I have to agree with Kim's review of the lack of professionalism by the owner, "Chef Timothy".  My daughter went with the pasta menu, and the noodles were disgusting.  Plopped and overflowing in this floppy aluminum container where it all clumped together was embarassing and nearly inedible for most of our guests.  We did not receive one compliment, and the food on most of our guests' plates was barely eaten.  A total waste of our money and food.  Plus, the appetizers included antipasto and  vegetables, served no less with absolutely no ranch dressing ... people were looking around for some sort of dipping sauce.  And, then I had to go back into the kitchen area and request more cheese and salami be put out on the table.  There stood 3 young people just hanging out doing absolutely nothing as I asked them to not let the appetizers run out.  They did not even have another platter prepared!  I watched one of the girls slowly put one piece of cheese at a time on a plate. They just took their good old time.  I had to go around and tell our guests that more cheese and salami plates were being made.  By the time a platter was prepared and ready to eat, shortly thereafter, another person came out from the kitchen and took it away!!  Again, another huge embarrassment and waste of money and food.  On top of it, I could go on and on about the stressful and rude interaction with Chef Timothy.  He has an immense ego and if you let him do ALL the talking (and trust me, HE WILL  -- right over your own words and ideas), you may have a better outcome.  I can't help but feel his lack of attention and horribe food and service had everything to do with his ego.  He's in charge, right?  Even the food that had been dropped on the linens did not get cleaned up.  I went around and with my hands picked up dropped salad, crumbs, butter.  And, the messy cake knife and server with whipped cream, chocolate and crumbs was just left out on the table with the soiled napkins from the cake slicing ceremony.  I cleaned that mess up, too, so the dessert table was more presentable.  The only reason we went with this caterer is because we HAD to as part of the Regency Garden wedding venue contract.   To take it a step further on how bad all the food was, even the kids being served chicken nuggets and french fries did not eat all of their food -- their fries were stlll frozen when they bit into them!!!!   A disgrace for these things to happen when all you want is for your daughter to have the most special day of her life -- and the parents should not have to divide their time between being happy and celebrating or wanting to hide and cry because of basic food needs not being met for their guests on this once-in-a-lifetime wedding for their only daughter.
This is a great little place. Kind if off the beaten path but we'll worth it. The food is great quality and very well priced. Always check the daily specials, everything has been great.
Not the most delicious BBQ in the area, but definitely the least expensive. I've had the chicken burrito (added bacon) and the tri-tip burrito. Both were fresh and of decent size. Added a side of garlic bread (tasty, soft and only a dollar) and a slice of chocolate cake (moist, scrumptous and also only a dollar). Needless to say...
Quick!  You only have 3 hours a day to enjoy some great BBQ in a very unassuming location.  The hospitality, quality of food, and value is worth the try. Reminds me of the TV series " The Office" if they had a restaurant in their lobby.
Friendly staff but Not a fan.  Not sure if food is prepared elsewhere or night before because they microwaved our food.
Ham samich.  They don't get much better than this.  I highly recommend trying one if you haven't.

I quite enjoyed my Tavern sandwich.  Ham, bacon, cheese, tomato, lettuce, and a delicious honey mustard sauce were perfectly crafted between two slices of whole wheat bread.  I'd have to say this is one of the best deli style places I've been too, but keep in mind that I am not really a deli sandwich connoisseur.  I got the ham salad as a side, and I would have to say it was the right choice.  It was down right delicious.  Just do yourself a favor, and get this stuff with your sandwich.  Better yet, they have a ham salad sandwich (that I can't wait to try).

The service was friendly too.  The manager gave us four catering packages to give out to our business associates.  I am really hoping that my work orders some catering service from Honeybaked Ham.  They just kill that other deli that we have been ordering from for our staff meetings!
I just love this place.

I love to cook and bake but I will honestly admit that when Thanksgiving and Easter come around I have to serve a HBH on my table. It is just too yummy and gives me the time to make all the sides.

I stopped in for lunch and was surprised at the options they have now for lunch.
Sine this one is in the same Walmart parking lot I do my grocery shopping it is a convenient stop for a yummy lunch sandwich.

I ordered a "Tavern Club". It had Honey baked Ham and Honey Baked Turkey! It also had onion, tomato, honey mustard, mayo, bacon, cheese and was served on multi-grain bread. It cost $5.99. I decided to make it a combo which added another $1.99 and got a can of Coke and a bag of chips.  It tasted SO good!

The staff was very friendly and made my sandwich fresh right in front of me. 

The cashier gave me a coupon for my next visit and a punch card. 
For every 5th sandwich you buy you get 1 free. Just ask them for one! They punched the coupon she gave me and said they will transfer it each time I come in.

If you haven't stopped by for lunch and are thinking they just offer whole or mini hams then you have to give a sandwich a try!
Who doesn't like Honeybaked Ham? Every holiday season I can't wait for leftovers to make sandwiches. 

I never considered going here out of holiday because I didn't know they make sandwiches or sell by the pound or small hams until recently! Grabbed a Classic Honeybaked sandwich was rather sizeable croissant sandwich and was pretty darn satisfying. I like the honey mustard dressing they put on it.... I should have purchased a bottle. Now that I've had that, It makes perfect sense to serve that on the holidays too.

This is close to the house, I will definitely be coming back for another sandwich soon and a mini ham.
Yes I do not eat meat- no this place doesn't have much for a vegetarian. But I am not one to judge based on bias food needs. I think this place has great sandwiches (which you can personalize) and great sides. A little pricey (2$ for a can of Cola and 2$ for a small cup of potato salad) but pretty darn good.

The snickerdoodle cookies are to die for, and they have all manner of types of chips and sides to go with whatever you are in need of. 

I will try a cheese sandwich one of these days, with the yummy tater salad!
This review is solely based on their sandwiches cause we love their ham and get one every year for the holidays! Maybe we went in with too high of expectations but we were super disappointed with the food.

Without question, their meat is some of the best. We had two sandwiches, the Roasted Turkey w/ Apple Butter and the Tavern Club. Both meats alone were spectacular as expected but the sandwiches altogether were just ok. They are skimpy with the toppings, they microwave their bacon and the pretzel bread...tasted nothing like pretzel. It pretty much had no flavor at all. Their hickory honey mustard is super sticky and other than a slight honey flavor, it's dull. I did like the apple butter but they doused the sandwich with it and it overpowered the turkey. 

For the prices of $6.49 and $6.99, I thought they were super skimpy with the toppings. Then to make it a combo with a small side or chips then a CAN of soda, it'll cost you another $2.49. We both left still hungry and pretty bummed out about the whole experience.
I had a coupon for a $6.99 sandwich combo and stopped by here for lunch. They have a pretzel bun for a limited time so I decided to get a Tavern on it. Since I ordered the combo it came with a deli side or chips and a can of soda. The tavern had ham, turkey, bacon, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, mayo and honey mustard. So much flavor! The pretzel bun was soft and good but didn't have much pretzel flavor. I still liked the pretzel bun better than the multi-grain bread it usually comes on. I saved $2.49 on the combo with coupon. The can if soda is kept with the packaged ham so it is refreshingly ice cold. 

The dude who took my order was nice and gave me a new punch card. The girl who made my sandwich went over all what comes on the sandwich and asked if I wanted anything removed. They have tables inside and plenty of their chutneys and other goodies for sale. Getting a whole ham is tradition at Easter and Thanksgiving from here and always a treat. I have not tried the sides here since my wife makes all that from scratch but around the Holidays they have good promotions that include sides. If you are not in the mood to buy a whole or mini ham... At least stop by for sandwich.
We have been here several times, but mostly for holiday meals. We love the boneless ham! I actually thought that I did not like baked ham until my husband insisted I try it and now I love it! We have also had their turkey breast and I have no complaints; it is very good. We have also enjoyed all of their side dishes that we have had. We will be picking up ham and or turkey for Christmas.
I placed my order online and showed up at my designated time on Christmas Eve only to find one long line that weaved through the business and out the door. There was no separate line for those who already ordered. Once in line, I had to wait there for 45 minutes behind a person with serious intestinal issues. Once I got to the front of the line, I asked if he wanted my order number and he said it wasn't necessary.... Then why did I bother placing an order at all???? As I told him my list of items, I asked for the $6.99 mini cheesecake from my online order and he said they didn't have that. I inquired about what they had comparable and was told a full-size cheesecake sampler for $14.99. I started to complain and he called over another employee who proceeded to tell me the website is not indicative of their selection. WHAT???? I was at a complete loss.

Fortunately, the food was amazing and the package deals made the cost very reasonable. I will probably go back, but begrudgingly.
The Bleu Gourmet is a small wine shop/ cafe with good service and nice food.  They have a great selection of wine, some cookbooks and gadgets located towards the back, with comfortable seating available in the front.
I dined here for lunch and found several items on the menu that sounded good, but opted for a specialty they have called "phazanis" that seemed like a cross between a calzone and a wrap.  The outside is a nice, somewhat thin, pizza crust and the filling I chose was egg, mushroom, gruyere and ham.  Very good.  
I was happy to find that their selection of wines by the glass offered several that I was not familiar with and I was pleased with my choice.
Prices were reasonable and I would not mind returning to explore the rest of the menu.
(...Rumor to be the place Robin Leech frequents or so they say. =) )

The location of the actual property is somewhat secluded, situating behind Fleming. It is the place to catch a nice and quiet lunch. It has a feel of a French Cafe' but without the outdoor sitting.

I have been here enough to have tried most of the items on the menu. My go-to item is the fresh-baked baguette with Pate' and Brie on the side. Bleu Gourmet (BG) bakes their baguette to order so it is always nice and toasty. The Brie is a standard fare. The Pate', on the other hand, has gone through at least 3 revisions of recipe. The original Pate' had a smooth, atypical texture. Later, it had much more chunky texture which made spreading a chore. I brought it Sonny's attention. The latest is somewhat smoother but still maintains enough of small bits of the ingredient in the texture. Personally, I prefer the smooth, silky texture of the traditional Pate'. It's just my pet peeve, moving on.

The thin-crusted wood oven pizza varieties aren't bad. (Sammy's is just a bit better.) The Tandoori chicken is too bland for my taste.

Overall, BG adds to the diversification of modern day Vegas cuisine. The food landscape is certainly changing as we are no longer the land of the buffet. This, I will drink to. 

Cheers!!!
I've always enjoyed my meal here but my dinner tonight really REALLY made my mouth happy! I had a small plate of 3 lamb chops crusted with a curry and spices on top of a bed of cabbage. For dessert, creme brulee IN individual strawberrys! My dinner partner had a small plate of crab cakes and she also ordered the same dessert. Both plates were so yummy!
The best French Onion soup I've EVER had! You have to order the Prime Rib pizza, it's an orgasm for your tastebuds! It is the most amazing pizza I have ever had, brie, prime rib and honey make for one killer flat bread pizza. Lots of wines to choose from and quirky books to browse through.


So sad...Bleu Gourmet has closed it's doors.
:(
I love, love love this place. By far the best french onion soup on the planet. Let me repeat: THE BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP ON THE PLANET. I adore the pizzas. Thin gourmet crust with creative specialty choices. I often find myself stopping by just for the pommes frites. They are amazingly fresh and spiced to perfection. They feature an eclectic wine and beer list. I've also found many new wines from their frequent tastings and the staff is always availible to make a wonderful suggestion. Oh.......and did I mention the soup?
I had the turkey and brie sandwich (see picture). It is served on a baguette. The sandwich is warm, with the brie slowly melting. It has spinach leaves on it. The combination of the turkey, brie and bread is delicious. The sandwich is saved from dryness by a cherry merlot sauce. It was served with french fries, highly seasoned, with a chipotle ketchup for dipping. A very good lunch!

The service was excellent.
phone disconnected as of fri 5/809
This is my favourite place ever!!  EVER!!  

The food is amazing and fresh ALL the time.  You can get anything you ever wanted here.  My fav option are the sandwiches (smoked salmon) but you can also get the best packaged sushi that I have ever had in North America.  They have amazing fresh pasta, cheese, endless desserts and more!  I went at least once a day when I lived in Waterloo and go there every time that I go back to visit friends.  It's usually packed around dinner time and the weekends but it is SO SO worth the wait.

You will not be disappointed, I've introduced so many people to this place and they like me are so addicted!!!  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars :)
I live in Vancouver,  there isn't an Italian deli as good as this one.  A+ selection of cheeze, meats and everything Italian.
It's my second last day in Waterloo, and I realized I haven't had a chance to write about Vincenzo's just yet.  I went here today with a friend of mine to grab myself a sandwich. Usually, I go at odd hours, and never at lunch.  I did not realize how many people were there.  Vincenzo's is a little market with amazing fine foods.

I haven't had a chance to try the fresh foods at Vincenzo's, but I would definitely recommend the sandwiches.  I got myself a smoked salmon sandwich on a panini.  It was absolutely delicious.  A condiment that my friend always suggest is the pesto-mayo.

The desserts look amazing too - but I've never tried it before.  Will definitely have to come back again when I come back to visit!
I wish I found out about this place earlier! My main reason was going was for the macarons - 75 cents for one, pretty good price and beautiful looking.  But you get it served in a paper bag so presentation isn't too fancy lol.  The flavours seemed a bit funky though (rose, lilac, jasmine....?). I would have liked some more "typical" macaron flavours such as pistachio lol.  They had a total of 5 flavours available when I went during the evening.

I was also surprised by the dessert selection - SOOO much dessert, all looked amazing and they were quite affordable. (Maybe $2-4 on average for a small single serving). There are also a TON of cakes ranging from $12 for a really small one to upwards of $25 - for the money you pay for cakes elsewhere, this seems like a really good value because it looks soo much prettier than your average cake. =)

There's also a lot of food/groceries, but I didn't go there for that, so I'll just save that for another time. There was an unbelievable selection of various types of CHEESE and bread and meats.  I did get a small container of tuna pasta salad, which seems kind of pricey for the small container you get ($1.55 or so for 100 grams) but it actually does fill you up. 

The location has street parking and is in a nice area (uptown Waterloo) so definitely worth a visit. : ) Also easy to reach via GRT, and even walkable from campus on a nice day.
Vincenzo's was a shock to me. I went to my hometown for some family time and was taken to this fantastically stocked fine foods store. I am always on the hunt for specific items, my current obsession is Ligurian olive oil, a sometimes difficult to find item. Vincenzo's had three brands in a range of prices. Quite amazing. They have a large prepared foods and bakery area, with a sandwich bar I would recommend highly. I would dare to say that Vincenzo's is better than 98% of the fine foods stores in Toronto.
The BEST Sandwiches in Southern Ontario!!

I was introduced to Vincenzo's by a friend who took me here for a fresh deli sandwich and let me tell you, their sandwiches DO NOT disappoint.

Picture an Italian panini, with fresh brie, a generous serving of shaved roasted red pepper chicken, artichoke caponata, olive taponade, pesto mayo, fresh crunchy cucumbers, and ripe flavourful bruchetta.

These sandwiches are the best I have ever eaten! 

You get to choose your bread, meat, cheese, toppings and sauces. All of their ingredients are fresh as can be and full of flavour.

They have an impressive cheese selection, an impressive deli meat selection, they make a wide assortment of fresh foods like somasas, quiches, pastas, etc. They also sell all the standard things you'd expect to find in an Italian grocer like oils and vinegars, and crackers, fresh bread, pasta, and  sauces.

I don't think I can recommend this place highly enough. If you haven't checked this place out already, I recommend you get off your chair, and head over immediately!!

I have yet to find a place this good in Toronto, and am skeptical I'll be able to.

***TIP: All students take note, my friend and I use to share a single sandwich between the two of us, they are that large and it makes this gourmet sandwich VERY affordable on a student budget.***
They have macarons for 89 cents each! 
The size is quite small (about 4cm in diameter - yes I'm a math student), but they are imported from France and tasted just heavenly. 
I personally do not like macarons that are too sweet so theirs is just right for me. I also love the fact that they don't store them in a cooler (although that seems to be the "right" way to do it).
Other things they sell include a really wide selection of fine foods, European cookies and sweets, all kinds of cheeses, sandwiches, Asian grocery...I could easily walk out of that store with a $200 bill! I'm sure everyone can find something they like in there.
Now, this is a bit of a rant...but their cashiers are so not friendly. Very impatient people. I remember when they were at the old location on Union street it wasn't like this. What happened?
This place is WINNING!

Finally made it out to Vincenzo's and felt like a little kid in a candy store. I was seriously OOOHing and AHHing at everything. 

This place has so many products, an assortment of yummy treats and desserts (Macarons - YES!), and the sandwiches...OMG the sandwiches. They are the BEST sandwiches I've EVER HAD!

My husband and I were totting along our two little ones so we pretty much had to get in and get out, but believe me, with a place like that I could have easily spent the better part of my day there.  

There's just no way I can go to Waterloo without making a stop to Vincenzo's from here on out.
I first started frequenting this place back in 2002 when it was still located in Belmont Village. I only ever went to this place for their sandwiches, which they have become famous for in the KW area. Whenever asked about my favourite sandwich I would always refer to the variety of toppings that I could select from at this place. 

I was first introduced to artichoke caponata at Vincenzo's as a sandwich topping, and very quickly the artichoke caponata spread that they make so well has become a favourite spread not only for sandwiches but also for crackers or on top of slices of baguette. There is no other art-cap, as many refer to it, like Vincenzo's. For me, they also made pesto-mayo a sandwich "must-have". What a simple topping, but also what a flavourful combination. I've tried to replicate at home, but I just haven't gotten the proper consistency. To add a kick of spice to their sandwiches they also offer the Bomb. The bomb is a nice and spicy taponade that they serve as a sandwich spread. While I am not also up for the spice, when I am, this sure does the trick. Be careful though, its really spicy! 

When it comes to actual toppings, they have your typical sandwich toppings like lettuce, tomato, cucumber, green pepper, black olives, onions, pickles, hot peppers, and bruschetta, but to set themselves apart from many other sandwich places around town they offer fancier toppings (at an additional cost of 25 cents) which include but are not limited to, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and roasted eggplant. When it comes to meats and cheeses, if you want it, they've got it. They provide a list of meats and cheeses to choose from, but they also have an expansive selections of meats and cheeses not on their board, that if you see at the deli counter you can request on your sandwich. While their sandwiches have gone up in price, they still sit around the $5 mark and are well worth the money!

This place does not only offer sandwiches though. They have a hot food counter, a salad bar, a desserts and pastries counter, as well as a sushi bar. The sushi is made in house and is not bad. 

This place is also a grocery store, which offers a wide variety of products that you will not find at your local supermarket. While the prices on some of grocery items are more than a local supermarket would offer, the quality you are receiving is reflected in the price. They have some fantastic fresh pasta which comes frozen and you order by the gram. They also have some fantastic breads to choose from in their bakery section. On your way out, if you are leaving through the back (where there is seating to eat your food) they also have a gelato counter and little cafe. They make great coffee here. 

There is nothing bad I can say about this place. Whenever I am in Waterloo I make it a must to stop here and either grab a quick sandwich or some other food selection. Beware, I am not the only one who likes this place, and it has become quite the hot spot in Waterloo, so make sure you give yourself some time when you go!
Excellent selection of European and local products. Sandwiches are very popular, great organic produce, exceptional deli selection. 

I buy all my meat from the Bauer Butcher inside Vincenzo's, locally sourced and incredibly flavorful.

They even carry the Dutch cookies I grew up on. I don't know what I'd do without Vincenzo's!
Located in the heart of Uptown Waterloo, Vincenzo's is a local favorite!  They have all sorts of high quality ingredients for making a delicious italian feast! I have been to a few different italian markets, but Vincenzo's has a much larger, more quality selection. You can also buy ready made food such as lasagna and meatballs, among other things, as well as made to order sandwiches. I had a smoked salmon sandwich (as another yelper had suggested) on panini bread with pesto, onions, cucumbers, and some green pepper. It tasted very fresh and delicious. They also have a cafe inside as well. Definitely go here if you are in town!
Vincenzo's is grocery store, sandwich place, bakery, and also a cafe. It's a good mix and performs well all around. I'm simply going to review a few of the services since there are many. I've had plenty of sandwiches and have had coffee there  about twice. If you're into coffee, they made a solid cappuccino but I would have a few more to really give a fair impression.

Grocery store/bakery:

Now when I say grocery store, this is not your typical supermarket. It's got tons of options, many fresh and many imported from Europe. If you're looking for a specific cheese, they'll probably have it. They even have Queso Fresco, which is a rarity (try it on Pizza). You need olives, there's an abundance of selection including fresh olives (low sodium), which is also rare. Same goes for bread, meat, fish, clams, shrimp (keeping in mind, we are inland),  spices, bottled/canned goods from Europe, and plenty of other things that I've omitted. The only section that doesn't have a ton of options is the fruits and vegetables but if you're really picky about this kind of thing best to go to a market. Also, before I forget, the fresh pasta and raviolis are excellent. Well worth getting fresh the stuff over the dry options IMO.

The store is incredibly well staffed. It's actually impressive how much staff works there. Also, the staff is quite knowledgeable and most seem to be foodies. If you have any questions, they can usually answer them with specific recommendations.  Unless you're waiting for a sandwich or pasta at a peak time (lunch), the service is very quick.

Now the only negative I have of Vincenzo's grocery shopping is because it's got such an awesome selection of delicious food, you might overspend a bit but at least you know you're getting quality and service. 

Sandwich counter: 

this is almost  a separate business from the grocery store since many people do come in just for lunch. It is very good. There is a great selection (just like the store) for everything you'd like to put in the sandwich starting with the bread and ending with toppings (Artichoke Caponata, Sun Dried Tomato Caponata, Bruschetta among others) . I find that you end up making your sandwich differently because of the choices, which makes it much less repetitive than going to subway. Also, the sandwiches are very well priced. I would highly recommend going here instead of Subway or other chains.

Pasta Counter (Thursdays only):

I haven't personally experienced the pasta but my friend really enjoyed the dish that was made for him. There is a selection of meat, shrimp or chicken, then sauces and vegetables, with some delicious sauces (pesto, tomato, cream-based, etc). This is cooked on a stove in front of you. Like the sandwiches, the pasta dishes are well priced. The only negative is that the line can be long for this counter, which will take a while so try to go with a friend to keep you company.

Hot counter:

There is also a hot counter, which I have yet to sample but it also looks quite good. I'll update once I try it out.
Is this a grocery store, sandwich deli, gelato shop, bakery or cafe? Yeah, Its all of them! 

This is not the type of grocery store you go to just to do a quick run down of your weekly shopping list. You come here to have fun, check out the products in the different sections, and aisles. This is the best buy of food stores. Its the kind of store that you throw on a crisp pair of jeans and fresh polo for. You feel all fancy because you are about to confront words like Ciabatta, Capers, Prosciutto; Of course I have very little idea what these things are. Okay, It was my first time here and I was just excited about all the different sauces, cheese, fish, desert etc...

As soon as you walk Into the store it smells like smoked meat; Damn delicious smoked meat! Its a little confusing at first, because in front you are tall shelves full of bread dips and more soy sauces then I cared to count.  Behind is a rack of biscottis and wafers. If you manage to get through these two aisles without having your hands full then you can head on to the sandwich counter to get yourself a delicious meal.

On your way to the sandwich counter you'll be welcomed by the smell of cheese, pasta with an overlay of bread! It is important to add Om nom nom  at this point in the review.

So once you get to the sandwich counter, you pick your cold cut, your bread, toppings and sauces. There is a decent amount of choice for each item and the sandwich is crunchy and delicious. They also have a hot serve section which was closed since it was past 7.

Grab your sandwich and head over to the cafe/gelato side and there are a few tables that you can enjoy your meal at.

Overall the store seemed reasonably priced and definitely an interesting place to shop.
Phenomenal sandwiches perfect for a quick lunch or dinner.
This is the one stop shopping experience for all epicureans. They have a little bit of everything here. Hundreds of cheeses, meats, olive oils, vinegars & hard to find ingredients for virtually all types and styles of cuisine.

Apart from the grocery angle there is also a butcher, small produce area, fish monger and sushi bar. 

They also serve food which includes custom made sandwiches, pizzas, daily specials, espresso and gelato. What's not to love?

Vincenzo's is now in it's third incarnation in Waterloo. It has moved to this location in the last couple of years and it is a nice improvement. I miss the charm of the last store, but the improvement in space allows for even more exotic goodies.

As always I look forward to my next adventure to Vincenzo's!
I have been grabbing meals from Vincenzo's hot counter for a couple of years now to serve small meetings and coworkers pulling extra long shifts. They are just as affordable as most burger joints, but their selection of great food and fabulous quality definitely set them apart, and they are a far healthier option, too!
As seen from the many reviews on this place, it is a gem for Waterloo.  It's quite rare to find a place that has high quality unique items from Europe in GTA suburbia ... let alone from the KW area!  This place feels like the UN consortium for food.  It has a bit of everything.  It has a deli, butcher, cheesemonger (is that even a word? if so, what a great word), savoury and sweet sauces and condiments, seafood, hot plate area, cafe, gelato (!!), groceries, and baked goods. I've been here for lunch a few times and I will say that their foods is not as good as the actual store area but it's still a delightful place for Waterloo.

I first came here for lunch and didn't expect a great little retail store as well.  I ordered a sandwich at first and to be fair, the menu sounded a lot better than the execution.  I had the smoked chicken sandwich on a calabrese bun with their 'famous' artichoke caponata and various veggies.  I think for the price, it is fair but it just wasn't as flavourful as it was described to me by the person behind the counter.  I was salivating at the idea of the artichoke caponata as she explained it to me as a beautiful savoury creamy blend of roasted nutty vegetable flavour.  To me, the spread was just a lightly flavoured mayo.

I also headed to baked good areas and grabbed my favourite baked treat... MACARONS!  These were very reasonably priced for minis.  It was less than $1 a piece.  I was thrilled... until I ate it.  The texture of these were far from meringue like and they were heavy like a brick butter cookie.  Upon discovering this, I asked if they were baked recently and found these were frozen in Europe and imported over and defrosted months later here... ugh. Save yourself the trouble and do not buy these!  I also got a tiramisu here and for $5 it was a bit pricey.  I would hope an Italian place would do tiramisu well but this was a disappoint as well.  It tasted only of sugary whip cream and not even marscapone cheese and espresso.  

The cheese area brought back me to delighted stage.  I found so many great cheeses including real imported GOP buffalo mozzarella.  With the price at $6, I found it very reasonable for authentic GOP.  I also bought some GOP aged balsamic vinegar and it was phenomenal.  For $10, I got a lovely syrupy sweet and acidic black liquid gold that is perfect for grilled chicken.

Service is personable, quick, and friendly!  Overall, the food counters are bit of a miss but the grocery area is wonderful!
The breads, prepared foods, and cheeses are definitely worth checking out. If you're hungry, they make very good sandwiches. Vincenzo's carries a lot of specialty items, but sometimes one can find the more common items much cheaper at a regular grocery store.
I am always really happy when I visit, they usually have random things like salmon roe and sanganaki cheese, or like 10 different kind of salts.

They have grass fed beef, but it's not always the freshest, really depends on your luck. But when they have a meat sale, then usually it's much fresher.
This place is amazing. Soo much to choose from. Love the hot sauce section. The cheese section is unreal. And they will let you try anything. Overall a really great store
Vincenzo's started out as a restaurant supply store, so it's amazing to see they've expanded into a larger location to serve the new (and growing) uptown Waterloo crowd. I love their fresh cheese and meats selection.  Along with their in-store baked breads, you can pick your own meat, cheese, and bun and they'll make it for you to go.  Best of all, I love their cold pasta salads, especially the one with olive oil, pesto, roasted tomatoes, and feta cheese.  Their dessert selection is also outstanding.  Whether you're looking for a specific ingredient for a dinner, or a quick bite to eat, Vincenzo's is a great treat!
Very food food. A excellent place for a quick bite. Service is excellent as usual.
I like to just walk around the store and look at all the cool food items (think black and white bow tie pasta). It's a lot of fun to spend a bit of money to try out some cool snacks or new cooking materials. 

My only complaint is that the desserts are too sweet. Some people might like it but I appreciate more subtle flavors.
I just visited today because we were looking for some sashimi grade salmon for homemade sashimi. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the fish and the fact that they carry wasabi to go with it.  The gelato I had was good but too sweet for my liking. 

For waterloo, this place is great considering there really isn't any competitors that offer the same selection of hard to find/exotic cooking ingredients. If you are from Toronto, this store is exactly the same concept/selection as Pusateri's but at a much more reasonable price point. 

The only complaint is that the store could be less crowded and had more navigation because i got lost walking around a few times. 

Bonus points for carrying gelato, macaroons, free samples and kefir!
The customer service has been really poor lately. From some checkout cashiers insisting on giving the receipt to others asking for receipt when you exit even with one bakery item to sloppily made "made to order" items, its just going downhill. It almost seems like they don't care about their customers.
Vincenzo's is the best grocery store in Waterloo.  It's not the kind of place where you can go and get everything you need, but it's the place to go if you need the highest quality foods, especially meats, fish, cheese, veggies, etc.  I've had sandwiches at the cafe a few times and they were also excellent.  Very tasty desserts too.
The best cheese/deli selection in Southern Ontario!!!

I have yet to find a better place that carry better selection of deli and cheese than Vincenzo's!!  Those famous grocery stores (Pusateri's, McEvan in Toronto) do not even come close!  

The reason I like this place so much is, i can always get a few slices of different things and the staff never give me a face!!!!!  Whereas in other places, 4 slices of this and 4 slices of that will probably get some insults immediately.

Too bad I don't live in Waterloo anymore so I can only come visit once in a while.....
Your taste buds will thank you, your wallet may not (but it's SO worth it!)
Amazing selection of fresh meat, cheeses, and a variety of desserts. If you're a fan of spices, they have everything that you're looking for! Specialty items that normal grocery stores don't carry because they are not in high demand... you know you will find them here :)

Very good selection of anything that you're looking for. They also have a cute cafe area where you can enjoy the food you've purchased along with a coffee, a nice dessert, or even gelato. I should also mention their sandwich bar is awesome. All this at a reasonable price. Why wouldn't anyone shop here?
The Hub is a well established events venue, which is owned by the Edinburgh International Festival, and also includes a cafe, called Cafe Hub (keeping it real) and a ticket office. The Hub is housed in a really striking renovated church building near the top of the Royal Mile, and is a pretty clear landmark for anyone trying to navigate their way around the Old Town.

I've been to the Assembly Hall upstairs in the Hub, plus another one of the smaller rooms for an arts event, and they both provided a pleasant atmosphere for socialising and relaxing. The interior of the Hub is bright and modern, in contrast to the gothic exterior of the building. The cafe comes well recommended, with its selection of hearty breakfast and lunch options, all at inexpensive prices.
The Hub is a venue owned and run by the International Festival, right in the heart of Edinburgh. Converted from a beautiful church, this main festival venue, which can be hired out for functions, also contains a large cafe restaurant. The beautiful church facade is unfortunately a little let down by the modern interior.

I've been to the Hub cafe a few times to meet people for coffee or lunch on businessy sort of meetings. Its a fantastic location, right at the top of the Mile and just around the corner from the castle. This is probably the main cause for the Hub's business.

Despite the beautiful building and the convenient location the cafe isn't the best. It serves ordinary sorts of teas and coffees and light lunches. The lunches themselves aren't terrible, after finally extending their menu, but the prices are. For what you get, which is fairly small portions of "fancy" food dressed up, the cost is too much. In the past the staffing has been too slow and a bit inconsistent.

A great location venue but with a poor cafe and a lot of room for improvement,
What's not to like about a 5 lunch?  

The Hub has a great location on the Royal Mile, an attractive dining room, pleasant servers, and has a set deal of 5 for soup and sandwich.

Plus by the time we got there after touring the Castle and strolling down Castle hill, we did not want to go one step further.
This is a really good venue to hold meetings in Edinburgh. We hired the 'Glass Room' at the top of the building which had its own private balcony with stunning views across the city. 

The Hub provided us with lunch - just sandwiches- but they finished it off with some really good, gooey chocolate cake which made me love the whole venue even more!! They also left some Edinburgh rock on the tables for us to munch through...so whenever my meeting became boring/overly bureaucratic I could have a sugar high to bring back my normal hyper-ness!
Was a former church...
Is the festival centre...
Have a decent lunch.
Th Hub is for me a focal point especially when the Edinburgh Festival is in full flow either for aquiring tickets, making show enquiries, information on events or a quick lunch bite. It also doubles as an event venue, and has private meeting room upstairs, in this structure that dominates the city skyline...but for me I have yet to fully experience a show or some food here.

For me the its location is fairly central in an converted church, now a regional meeting place where its quiet enough to escape the hussle and bussle of outside, during busy tourist season!  Enjoy the shop, free maps and guides, chatting to Hub staff finding out if there are any tickets left for usual sold out events that Edinburgh is famous for, and the afternoon weekend teas are great as well as weddings and pre-tattoo suppers.

They have wifi, not sure if it is free but according to the ticket staff, you cant get access to www from the shop area but possibly need a password from the restaurant staff. 

For full information visit the hub website www.thehub-edinburgh.com
Attended a wedding at The Hub recently. WOW. 

We spent our day mostly in the main hall (the former church sanctuary) and balcony as well as the library (used as a bar/gathering area). Great food and lovely set-up. The colors in the main hall are garish and take away from the beautiful aspects of the carved ceiling, I feel. But it didn't detract too much from the lovely and intimate balcony setting of the wedding itself and the great space in the hall for the reception dinner and dance. 

They were a bit let down with service. It was here and there. Great at some times and totally lacking at others. The manager for the day was clearly present, but didn't always keep her staff on the same page. Our table barely got dessert. This was sad because I love cake. 

Very beautiful setting that lends itself well to smaller and larger groups, as I experienced.
If you are expecting typical and run of the mill Chinese take-out Ruby is going to rock your world. With a gigantic menu filled with the classics, as well as hard to find dishes, Ruby can cater towards any preference. With reasonable prices and generous portions you will certainly get your fill and a carry out container too. For those of you who are sick of overly sweet Crab Rangoon be sure to try Ruby's award winning recipe. Of course I can't forget to mention that Ruby is family owned and the staff are SUPER friendly, a trait found far too seldom in restaurants these days.
Best hot & sour soup in town! Everything else I've tried on their huge menu is also pretty darn good- and your food comes out on miniature boats!
I don't know why there are positive reviews for this place. We got delivery from them the other night. Remarkably unremarkable. 
Their Fragrant Beef is just wrong. Not at all spicy, and the beef is weird.  Imperial Gardens East's version is MUCH better.
The Triple Delight was mostly palm, and the shrimp that was in there, were tiny. 
All in all, meh.
Love Ruby!  I actually remember going to the old location as a kid - and how great it was then.  Same quality and service today.

FUN TIP:  Make sure to check out the water fountain, too.  See if you can get it to work.  Pretty cool.
This was the first time I ever just threw away food I had ordered.  It was thoroughly disgusting.  Brown overcooked slop.  And it took twice as long as they said it would.  I ordered Ma Po Tofu, and my wife ordered the Beef with Garlic Sauce.  Both basically tasted and looked the same.  Words don't really describe how gross this food was.
Warning: This place is now called China Star.  I suspect they had to send this place into the restaurant witness protection program because so many diners were looking to wipe them off the map.

One of the worst of the worst kind of Chinese restaurants-in-a-box.  The idea that this place calls itself a "Chinese" restaurant in a city which boasts several authentic Chinese places (the best of which, Ichiban, is not to be missed!) is a joke.  The food is tasteless and full of veggie filler.  The sesame chicken was, quite literally, inedible.  It tasted like old socks.

Nasty food brought to your door is still nasty food.

Avoid this place like the plague.
I discovered Smokilicious today at the SweetBarks Valentines Day fundraiser for Austin Pets Alive. And what a discovery it was! I find myself being a frequent customer here as it happens to be in the same LAZ parking lot as APA where I drop off my foster Pup almost every day on my lunch break. 

The woman who took my order said that this was their 2nd week in business and is their permanent location and that they are open everyday except Monday - did not get the hours but they serve breakfast tacos and lunch for sure. 

I ordered the Brisket Bar-B-Q Tacos that included 2 corn tortillas with flavor packed moist brisket, pico and guac. Yum!

I tried Peter P.'s Frito Pie and while yummy it was too nutrient dense for anything I would choose to eat - got to think about my Girly figure and heart when ordering:) 

The Stuffed Baked Potato and the Sliced Brisket Sandwich are next on my list of "to try" on their menu. 

I am pretty sure I will be updating this place to 5 stars soon!
This new BBQ shack is hidden behind Crepes Mille and Perla.  Try to find it, it's quite an adventure.  Hopefully they will move a bit more out into the open!

They offer a nice variety of BBQ meats, in taco form or plate form.  Cheap too.  I got the brisket, chicken, and fish.  Yep, SMOKED fish taco.

The brisket and chicken were both a bit dry and underseasoned, but the fish was moist, and tender, though a bit fishy.

Try it out, see if you like it.  Wasn't too impressed.  Seems pretty new, maybe they'll work out some of the kinks in the meat.
Smokilicious BBQ is not easy to find.  At least not as easy as the other shops and restaurants on South Congress.  However, if you go behing the Crepes Milles Aistream, just across from Perlas, you will see a small food trailer, and that is in fact, Smokilicious.

I felt rewarded for this discovery today when I went up and ordered the BBQ sandwhich (brisket) lunch thingy.  It was 4.25 and well worth it.  You get two small but full sandwiches for that price and some extra BBQ sauce, some onions and pickles as well.

The brisket was fatty, which is just how I like it, and the spicy sauce (optional) had just enough kick.  I'd go back, and if you can find the place you might enjoy it too.
Good, cheap BBQ. I had the chopped brisket sandwiches, and was very satisfied. Ask for a little extra sauce, if you're like me and can only enjoy a BBQ sandwich when you walk away from the experience with the stuff all over your shirt. Better than Muck and Dave's down the street.
Today was the first time I've tried Port of Subs. I always thought it would be a normal sandwich sub place like Subway or Blimpie and I'm normally willing to drive to Capriotti's or Jimmy Johns. Port of Subs was a nice surprise.

I got a medium (5" for about $5 something)  #1 on wheat which is ham, cappacola, & salami. It was a fatty with lots of meat. I thought they'd be stingy like how subway is with their meat. The size was actually pretty big for being 5". My boyfriend got a large which is 12" and he couldn't finish it all. I got mine topped with lettuce, red onions, black olives, thinly sliced pickles, and peppers. It was pretty damn good! The bread soft and fresh. 

The establishment is clean and the staff are very helpful and nice. I will definitely return again since it is so close to where I live!
Wow!!! Let me repeat, WOW!!!! I didn't get the names of the two employees who were on shift that night, but WOW!!!!! I walked in about 7:50 and KNEW they were closing at 8:00... The female employee already had the meat machine broken down and was cleaning it.  I asked if they were still open.  Wow!!! No groans, no evil eye, no nothing!!! She said yes, and was very patient as I rudely used my cell phone to get my wife's order.  The male helped by putting the machine back together and slicing the meats.  Wow!!! Just Wow!!! The manager should check whom was working that night and give them a serious commendation!!!
My kids love Port of Subs. We had another great sub at Port of Subs.
So happy to find a PoS near my work. I have been driving by this place for months not realizing it was RIGHT THERE. When I get out of work at 8:30 PM there are not a lot of places to go. Usually fast food is the only option for a non-costly meal. Now I have Port of Subs! This one is located in the Lowes shopping center on Eastern in close proximity to the new terminal (T3) of McCarran International.

I arrived at exactly 8:40 PM last night just praying they weren't closed. They weren't! Although they were cleaning up. I felt kind of bad, as I usually do, when entering an establishment that close to when they are closing, but I really wanted a sandwich! The two male employees inside did not seem bothered by me arriving so late. They were talkative and nice while they made my sandwich. 

I love all of PoS sandwiches, but I usually get the #5 (Turkey, Ham, and Cheddar Cheese). There's one thing I love about PoS over Subway - they actually have SLICED cheddar cheese! At Subway you can only get it shredded. :/

My sandwich was delicious and I got a combo (about $8). It's kind of pricey, but that's just about how much you'll pay for a combo anywhere these days. 

The store was clean, the employees nice, and my food was great. A+!
Cant say I've ever had abad sandwich from Port of Subs but this location is now slicing so thin, you can see through them. Also, to put a brand new employee on the slicer during the lunch rush, prob not the best Mgmt decision. Pastrami & Turkey gave the #1(Italian) a whole new taste.
Decided to check this place out since they don't have these back in The Bay. Favorite place to get a sandwich now, come here all the time! I craved these bad boys all throughout my pregnancy, lol.

Only bad experience I had was one time I came about half an hour before closing and the employee locked the door on me, rude!
Wow what an awesome sandwich spot. Was leaving out of Vegas a little past noon but still wanting breakfast. Port of Subs had the grilled breakfast sub. Large bacon eggs and cheese for only 5.99. 

The sandwich prep and ingredients were excellent, I highly recommend the smoked cheddar. Add avocado for 1.50 and you have an incredible sandwich. 

Prices are right on, around the same as subway only much better sandwiches.
Better thank Subway by a mile. However it's just a sandwich. A good sandwich though. If you are in the mood for a cold cut sandwich you can't go wrong here. The bread is fresh and the quality of the meets and cheeses are better than most other sandwich shops. When I'm in the mood for a sandwich POS is usually my 1st choice.
Not only is this place gorgeous with lots of sunlight and fresh decor, the food was yummy and a value for your money. I expect this place to be incredibly busy in the upcoming months from all the business lunch traffic. I tried the special - Beef Stroganoff. Such flavor! The meat was tender, not chewy in the least...and two meals worth for only $10. Did I mention I ordered the most expensive thing on the menu? That's right. My boyfriend ordered a delicious sandwich of fresh pulled mozzarella, pesto, and portabello mushroom called the Fungi. Oh man...did I forget to mention his $3 side of white truffle mac 'n cheese? I don't know how many people like food for a good deal, but this is my favorite new Mill Ave lunch spot!

They validate for 2 hours worth in the Brickyard garage...so don't worry about parking. Also...I love that they have iced green tea that isn't sweetened. I'm a stickler about good iced tea and I was impressed.
If you eat lunch near campus or on Mill you have to give this place a try. It might be difficult because it's somewhat hard to find. When you're on Mill, between La Bocca and Bank of America, where the escalator is, walk straight back. Keep walking past the ASU buildings and you'll see Center Bistro. The first time I went there I didn't walk far enough back and was totally confused for a couple minutes. 

Anyways, once you find it you're set. The food here is amazing. It's all organic and delicious. I've been here twice, once I got the thanksgiving sandwich and the first time I got the daily special, curry rice and shrimp. Both times I was beyond impressed. I've also tried the bruschetta, the brie and fig was amazing. 

I'm also really impressed with the service. By the only second time I'd visited they remembered me, maybe not my name but definitely that I'd been there. They always seem helpful and upbeat.

Great lunch place on MIll with a little less guilt than Five Guys ;)
I'm slurping their pumpkin spiced soup from the bowl.

It's tasty soup, but I shouldn't be slurping it. I've been to The Center Bistro 4 times since they opened and the consistent theme is good food, horrible service. They just don't seem to know what they're doing, even though they appear to mean well. Goofed orders, charging incorrectly, forgetting that they were in the middle of taking an order... it's kind of silly.

Their redeeming factor is a tasty menu. Today I ordered a half-order of their mill salad (dates, feta, greens) and Pumpkin Spice soup. They walked away from the cash register while I was ordering, kept forgetting what I was doing there, and finally took my order after 20 minutes. Then, suspecting the worst, I asked the woman as she handed me my to-go bag if there was silverware in there for both soup and salad. She said Yes.

I should have known better and checked, because apparently she eats her soup with a knife.  The other two people I went with also did not get a spoon for their soup.  Maybe they're Spoon Nazis ("No Spoon For YOU!"), but I think they just have a creative cook in there who doesn't have experience running a business.  Tasty food will earn a few extra chances, but when every visit results in frustration - I give up.
I was walking to my car from class at ASU and I came across this new restaurant opening up. Just to check it out and see what it had to offer I walked in for some lunch (I always walk this way to my car at this time so it quite convenient for lunch). I had a tasty drink and a marvelous panini. Very good first impression, but my first good impression was the place itself--wonderfully put together. It is a very nice, clean looking joint with great food!
I popped in here around 11:30 am and got some food to go.  I always walked past this place and would tell myself I would try it, but only got around to it today.  

They focus on local and organically grown ingredients.  

The atmosphere is nice.  Very calm, comfortable, clean, minimalistic, but still warm (lots of natural light, wood, and splashes of green and orange). 

The service was very good.  Friendly and fast.  

However, I will add the following note:  Their kitchen is not a typical "restaurant" kitchen.  Imagine a refreshingly simple, but nice, home kitchen with a large center island.  Now, place an unobtrusive cash register at one end of the island.  This is pretty much what you will see when you walk through the front door.  So, I'm not sure how things get when they are busy.    

I got their daily special, which happened to be ribs, green beans, potato salad, and a parsley (I think) & vinegar dipping sauce.  They had a plate of it displayed on a table when I walked in.  I'm not sure if that is what they usually do with their daily specials, but if it is, the marketing strategy worked on me.   

There was a generous serving (6 pieces) of ribs.  They were pork, I believe, and had a great dry rub that was on the savory side (not sweet).  If you have a preference for ribs drenched in sticky, sweet, BBQ sauce, then these ribs were not meant for you.  The potatoes were cooked until tender.  They had a great creamy texture to them as you ate them, but they were not mushy.  The sauce was a sour cream based sauce, I believe, rather than a mayonnaise base, and also tasted very good...although perhaps just slightly under seasoned.  The green beans were cooked perfectly with a nice crunch to them.  I'm not sure if they were blanched first, but they were nicely browned in the pan with a mild but flavorful garlic and oil dressing.    

The entire meal was only $10 before taxes and tip.  A very reasonable price for the quality and quantity of food you get.    

All-in-all, I am  a fan and I will definitely be back again.
I work on Mill so yesterday I decided to give Center Bistro a try. I got half of the Beet sandwich, which has carmelized beets and gorgonzola, and half of the Mill Revolution salad, which has dates and basil - so good! The service was also great. I asked the guy, who has strawberry blond hair and glasses, about a million questions about their menu and he was patient and helped me pick out my entrees. He encouraged me to sign up for their email blasts and pimped out their Twitter and FB pages to me. Good job.

I had such a great experience that I decided to go back today and try another half-sandwich/half-salad combo.

Big mistake.

I ordered the Red Bird, which is chicken with arugula, red onions, provolone and sun-dried tomato aioli.

But the sandwich I just ate had no arugula and I could barely taste an aioli. Also, it was pressed. The first time I went in they asked me if I wanted it cold or hot, but this time I guess I didn't get an option.

Not only that but the sandwich was tiny! I paid $8 for a nugget-sized sandwich and a bed full of greens. I hate when you order something and it comes out and it's minuscule and you're already thinking about what you're going to eat after to fulfill your hunger. 

For my salad, I ordered the Southwest Fusion. The menu description: "organic field greens tossed with berries, candied pecans
and feta cheese with raspberry chipotle vinaigrette."

Um, no.

Here is what was inside my salad: three small strawberries, NO candied pecans and it's swimming in dried cranberries that overpower the taste. The one good thing is the dressing, but this is not the salad I was promised.

Fail.

Now let's talk about the service. Like I said before, the first time I went in the gentleman with the light hair and glasses was very nice and professional. This time, though, I had another guy and his customer service skills were dismal. I bet they're probably college students, but that is no excuse for poor service.

For one, I ordered a very simple meal: half a sandwich and half a salad. No bells and whistles, no special requests. The guy behind me ordered a full sandwich, a couple of sides and a smoothie ... and his order was up before mine!!! WTF? I sat there waiting for a while before I finally went up and asked about the status of my order, to which he replied, "It's right here." It had been sitting on the table ready to go. My waiting spot was about 20 feet away, but I remained in eye sight the entire time. And there was ONE other person in the room besides me and she was on her laptop with headphones on. I guess with all those people in between us, it became too difficult for him to find me. 

To top it all off, I come back to work, open up the box and ... no fork. Do you know how coveted forks are in my office? It's always the first utensil to go! Luckily, I was able to find one but still, come on, dude. To-go order = put a damn fork and a napkin in my box. I'm not asking for much.

I'm torn about how I feel about Center Bistro. My first experience was amazing, but my second one was hugely disappointing. I haven't decided yet if there will be a third time.
Nothing I say can do this place justice.  For the last month I've been frequently this place at least a couple of times a week and can never seem to get enough.  White truffle mac n' cheese for $3, delicious bruschetta, specials that sometimes seem a bit odd for the place (tacos at the sandwich/salad place?), mozzarella made on location with mini heirloom tomatoes and balsamic glaze, and so much more.  The daily soups are always rich and tasty.  The fungi sandwich is my new obsession and breakfast....oh the breakfast!  The options seem simply enough - breakfast burritos, omelets, sandwiches, fruit sides, and smoothies, but since this place uses fresh local ingredients something seems so special about these choices.  I love to get the AZ Am Sandwich and add bacon, sausage, AND ham.  So much pig cooked in fluffy eggs!! * swoon *

Anyways, the space is so inviting; bright colors, fresh flowers, and fun art add so much charm.  I wish the hours were longer so I could lounge on the couches and study after work.  Really the hours are my only complaint about this place.  Hopefully they stay open longer (and on weekends) soon.
I have been to this restaurant twice (most recently today for lunch). First off, the restaurant is really cute, I love the open feeling and the cute tables. The first time I went here with a friend and I had a groupon. It was kind of weird because we were told that they were changing their menu and so only had a limited menu that day that consisted of about two options. I thought that kind of sucked, I mean, if you are going to be open you should have some food in your restaurant.... but anyway, We both ordered the tagliatelle with chipotle cream sauce. It was good, my friend really liked it and I thought it was just ok. So then I saw that they had another groupon a few months later and decided to buy it and give them another chance, after all, I only tried something off of their abridged menu. Today I went with two friends. I ordered the veggie panini and a smoothie. One of my friends ordered the chipotle pasta and the other didn't get anything (picky eater). The smoothie was really good, I would definitely prefer it over jamba juice. The veggie panini was ok... it said it had caramalized onions but the onions were definitely raw... It came with a salad (pear, goat cheese, nuts) which was really tasty. I would come back to this restaurant (especially for a smoothie) because I go to ASU and it is convenient, but probably only if I had a coupon....
Yeah, down to one star. I am not exaggerating when I say every order I make here is wrong. Every one. I went back because some friends were going who love the place, so I figured the odds HAD to be on my side for once. 

After I ordered my sandwich, which came on 9 grain bread, I heard the cashier tell the next person in line they were out of 9 grain. Huh? Did I get the last slices? So I asked, and he said I would have to pick ciabatta or rye. I dislike ciabatta, so asked for rye - as did the guy behind me. Guess what I ended up getting? Go on... guess. Ciabatta. 

The food is tasty, but I think the people who work here start every day by getting drunk out of their minds before they open. Or maybe they just have my picture behind the register with a note to Screw With This Guy. In that case, they are doing an exceptional job. I give up.
I love the layout of this place, it is bright and open and the dcor creates a very relaxing environment. It is a perfect spot to help you unwind for lunch during a busy workday. 

I've tried the daily special tacos (last time it was shrimp and they were spicy and good). I've also had the steak sandwich with a garlic aioli and the turkey, bacon sandwich. Both times I ordered them sandwiches on the ciabatta and wished I would have went with the 9 grain. The ciabatta was a bit hard (cut the roof of my mouth hard). The ingredients are fresh and they use great spices so it made up for the hard bread. 

They have excellent iced tea and the service has always been fast. I'm a regular.
All I can say is totally Wow!  So creative and so delicious.  I have eaten there many times and have been wowed every time. 

Warm, friendly wait staff too!

You owe it to yourself to visit.
So here's the scoop: The food at The Center Bistro is extremely tasty.  I got a salad with Seared Ahi Tuna, Avocado, Radishes, and some sort of delicious vinagrette.  It was delicious.  My friend got the Truffel Oil Ragu and it was definitely the best Wild Mushroom Ragu I've ever had.

Now, you might ask, "Why then, Matt, would you only give them 4 stars if you liked the food so damn much?"

Don't worry, I will feed you baby birds.  

The reason this place only gets four stars is because I am a 6'5'' college kid who eats like an elephant (i.e. close to my body weight per day), and the portion sizes at the Bistro just don't cut it for my tastes.  The food is fantastic, but I need about double the portion they serve and I can't fork over twice the price of the items on the menu.
I just finished the wild mushroom ragu stack with truffle oil and I am STILL licking my lips in an attempt to savor the flavor.  Possibly one of the tastiest meals of my life... I sh*t you not.  My friend who I was dining with shook the table and I panicked and grabbed my plate in fear of losing the few bites I still hadn't finished. 

My friend had the avocado salad with seared tuna which was tasty as well, but we both agreed the ragu was the bombdizzle.

Our server had a bit of trouble steering me in the right direction when I was indecisive about whether I should order the truffle mac and cheese or the ragu. I felt as though if he just asked a few inquisitive questions about what exactly I was looking for he could have offered me better advice. Nevertheless, I was highly impressed with my decision.   Despite our server's inability to offer solid menu advice, he was just as yummy as the food and greeted us with a genuine smile. If I was single girl I would have liked to ordered him for dessert. I will be going back tomorrow!
I'm a lunch regular here.... there are some pros and cons, but overall the pros keep me coming back!!!

Cons: Order issues; about a quarter of the time the order is slightly wrong.  This may be to the menu since it varies and, to their credit, it is always corrected promptly with an apology.  Also, this is a newer restaurant that opened in 2010 (I believe) and they may not have everything perfected quite yet.  Portions; the portions are sufficient for me, but I'm not sure some of my other lunch partners are "stuffed". 

Pros: Food; great!   They use local, organic, and free range ingredients as much as possible and you can taste the great quality in the food.  The food is always fresh, flavored wonderfully, and delicious.  I usually get the chicken sandwich with bacon on ciabatta bread.  The dessert, soup, and appetizers are also good.  Appearance; the restaurant has an open layout, modern, bright, crisp and clean (the bathrooms are modern and clean too!).  The decor is really cute and offers comfortable seating.  Staff; always very friendly, helpful, cheerful, and accommodating.  Food prep time is appropriate and usually 5-10 minutes.  Coffee; really good!  It is smooth and delicious and they offer it hot or cold.  All of their water is purified and all of the beverages turn out great as a result.  Environment; very relaxed, peaceful, and you are not rushed.  There is also a nice patio area if you wish to sit outside.

I originally found this place because I had a coupon and I have continued to come back for lunch.  The prices are reasonable and they offer lunch specials.  Everyone I have introduced to this place has been pleased.... I suggest you try it too!
This is a great place for lunch in the heart of Tempe! The food is fresh and organic and wonderful ... but they do occasionally get a detail or two wrong.

It has a patio, but unfortunately it's just a slab of concrete so far. There are umbrellas providing shade, but hopefully they'll add some decor in time.

Give it a try the next time you're on Mill and you're hungry for a healthy sandwich or salad. I think they have a yoga studio as well, but remember to wait an hour after you eat before doing yoga.
Well, this proves I'm not worthy of hanging with the cool kids.  Went to Center Bistro today, got the mushroom/risotto stacked thing and the "special" which was raw tuna, risotto, cabbage and some good dressing laying on top of what I swear is a dripping (decorative, of course) made with Frank's Red Hots hot sauce.  It sucked.
Bland, bland, bland.  Even their black ice tea is biting.
Yeah, I know nuevo cuisine is all the rage...but, to me, "taste and flavor" is more important than what it looks like.
However, people are buying into this crap...just like people are stuffing down pork belly now.  That is the fat of the pig, folks.  Are you crazy?
Soooo bad for you.
But, then again, like I said, I am obviously not one of the cool kids or I would like this stuff...or, at the very least, pretend to like this stuff.
Personally, I'll take a pass and head to a Burger King.  Crappy, unhealthy food but, at least, it has some flavor.
So I must be crazy, because every time I see a groupon for this place, I buy it.... I think my memories and actual experiences do not line up. So I had yet another deal for this place, and I decided to go there with the BF for lunch today to celebrate end of school. The place was fairly empty, but the decor is still nice. I ended up ordering the bhan mi sandwich at the suggestion of the waitress and the BF got the turkey sandwich. We both got the side of the day which was a sweet potato corn bread with honey and fruit butter. So the sandwiches come out and I was a bit confused. On the menu it said that the bhan mi was roasted pork with carrots, cilantro, cucumber, and a sriracha mayo. Well.... this sandwich was not roasted pork. It was strips of ham... like deli ham. WTF? This sandwich costs $10.50. I could go buy some deli meat and veggies and throw it in a pan for 5 seconds for about 2$. I don't even like ham and would never order a ham sandwich. Isn't this restaurant supposed to be all about freshness and organic and whatnot? Because deli ham is anything but.... Why can America's tacos sell delicious roasted pork for about 2$ and this place doesn't even really use roasted pork? In addition, I was about half done with the first half of the sandwich and I found a whole slice of jalapeno in my mouth. My mouth was on fire. I couldn't eat anymore of the sandwich. My eyes were watering.... and I like spicy and use jalapenos in a lot of my cooking. Ugh. I liked the turkey sandwich, but on the menu it states that it comes with bacon.... well no bacon. Really center bistro? Why have a menu when apparently you just put whatever you feel like putting in the food? The corn bread was good and the butter that came with it was good too, but I felt extremely ripped off by my meal there today.... it was unacceptable. 

I find myself wondering if their breakfast or newly added dinners would be better, as the dinner menu looks good, but I'm, worried if I go for something on said menu, I'll just get some random other thing that I did not want. So we'll see if I give it another go.
I love love love that there is place close to where I live off Mill Ave that's not a haven for douche bags. The Center Bistro is charming and elegant and the food is above par. I always crave a nice fancy drink that doesn't put me out $12 or $15 dollars and this place satisfies my craving. I ordered a drink that was made with blood Orange vodka and champagne! So good. The waitress was really friendly and even topped off our glasses with some more champagne for no extra charge. My friend and I split a salad that had walnuts and a creamy nut crusted cheese that didn't stand a chance between the two of us. We also ordered the mac and cheese which is one of the best options on the menu. My boyfriend ordered the tacos with their homemade salsa. They were a little small but what they lacked in size they made up for in flavor. The salsa is some of the best salsa I have ever had in my life. We went on a Friday night and an awesome band was playing that took requests. They played Fleetwood Mac for me! I can't remember the name of the band and that makes me sad. They played a lot of 90s too which is always great in my book. It wasn't crowded at all so if you get out of work and want a nice chill place to eat and drink in peace without some bros hooting and hollering or having to listen to some 21 year old female talk about her hair, this is the place for you. I would give it 5 stars if it was open on weekends. Hopefully that will change with time. Check it out if you want something off the beaten path and are tired of dealing with all the weirdos on Mill Ave.
I just ate at Center Bistro today.  I must admit that I have not really tried any of the restaurants in the renovated area of Tempe (other then the big ones).  I had the special of the day which was the encrusted Salmon.  WOW!  It was cooked perfectly, and served atop brown rice.  It also came with fresh squash, which was also cooked to perfection.  The food tasted so fresh.  

In addition to the Salmon we had fresh Humus and crusty bread, and delicious green tea. 

The overall environment inside the restaurant seemed nouveau/tech.  Comfortable, but great for a business meeting. The staff was extremely friendly, and it had the atmosphere of a place where a lot of regulars hang out.  In fact, the owner of the building and his son both were in the restaurant, and both seemed genuinely nice.

I definately recommend it.  I am taking a friend there later this week (he is a total foodie), and will get a second opinion
Used to  be a great place. Too bad they went out of business today two days before catering food for my event on Saturday.
Its basically a wanna-be fine-dining restaurant/deli open during select hours for the yoga chicks upstairs. The food lunges outside the box, and aims to be a bit pretentious. But honestly its just a rich man's Jimmy John's with better furniture and House music.
The food here was always on point! Loved the Mac n cheese and the salmon was cooked perfectly as well. So sorry to hear that they closed.
Excellent BBQ! Loved the brisket and the sides are delish! I also liked the chicken (very juicy, not dry). I'm usually not a fan of potato salad but this one I couldn't stop eating!!! Super good! We will for sure be calling at our next event!
Hosted a corporate event last week, What a pleasure!! The food was some of the best BBQ I have had in a long time. ( I have had BBQ from 3 other sources in the last six weeks, and none even come close to Napoleon and his staff.  Service outstanding. Can not give enough kudos.
Will be using him every chance I get in the future. No reason to go anywhere else!
What a find! If you are ever thinking of ordering catered barbecue in Las Vegas, Napoleon is your guy. With only a couple days notice, Napoleon stepped up to the plate and delivered a fantastic barbecue spread for our 4th of July party. What was so great about the food and service was the fact that they essentially set up shop at our rental home and cooked most of the food on location.  I could see first hand the passion that went into preparing my fabulous meal.

We ordered the brisket, pulled pork, barbecue chicken, coleslaw, grilled vegetables, baked beans, and roasted potatoes and had plenty of food for all of our guests.

The chicken, vegetables and (surprisingly) the potatoes were the standouts for me - though I ate and enjoyed everything. I'm not sure how he prepared the potatoes but they were absolutely fantastic.

The whole experience overall was memorable. Napoleon and his sidekick were extremely personable and produced some pretty delicious barbecue for Las Vegas. And getting to enjoy the delicious smells of the on-location cooking - well that was just an extra bonus!

I highly recommend Poppa Naps BBQ - and am now craving some more of the food. Too bad I'll have to wait until next year when I go back.
Had poppa Naps cater my dads 50th birthday when we went to Las Vegas from California. Absolutely amazing!!! We eat a lot of barbeque in California and the food that was prepared was some of the best bbq I have ever had. everyone loved it and would recommend poppa naps to anyone looking for just good food!
Every year my friends from around the country meet in vegas for our fantasy football draft.  This year we went with Poppa Naps and we'll never use anyone ever again.  

Everyone agreed that this was the best brisket they've ever had.  Seriously.  In their lives.  It's ridiculous.  Napoleon apparently has a special rub that he uses or something, but it's unbelievable.  We ordered a bunch of things, roasted veggies, chicken, etc and it was all delicious. 

Napoleon himself is a great guy, helps you plan the meal and is just a pleasure to deal with.  When the nutty landlord of the house we were renting questioned the proximity of his smoker, he moved it with a smile (even though the landlord was 100% wrong - there wasn't any smoke).  

He's great, the food is sensational and we'll never use anyone else.  You'll agree with me when you try that brisket.
This guy is great! Made delicious BBQ, which as a Texan is saying a lot. His ribs and brisket were incredible, but I recommend smoking a whole pig. That's what we did, it was tasty- and Napoleon is a super nice guy, had beer with us while everything was cooking. I cannot recommend him enough.
Napoleon makes some of the best BBQ I have eaten. He catered a party for us in Las Vegas, and he did it up awesome. We had a whole hog, brisket, ribs, chicken and all the sides. His brisket was amazing and the pig was truly a work of art. The mac and cheese had BACON, and all the sides rocked us all. Napoleon was a great guy, and I want to hire him to do any party I have. Do yourself a favor and hire Poppa Naps BBQ as soon as possible.
the best catering service ever.....don't second guess. ...hire the best! you won't be disapointed Poppa Naps BBQ and side dishes are amazing.. juicy tender bbq that melts in your mouth and the sides dishes really compliment the dinner well....A true professional. ..great personal service at a great price!..Poppa Naps we love you!!!
Napoleon is amazing. Hands down, best BBQ I've ever had. They served lunch at our Bike MS event and everyone absolutely LOVED it! They brought veggies, chicken, mac'n'cheese, and pulled pork with a slew of delicious sauces. Cyclists, volunteers, and staff were swarming the lunch tent to get seconds and thirds. I'd highly recommend choosing this company if you want delicious catering for a festive event. We ran into some bad weather during our event and all people could think about was getting back to the festival to have some BBQ! Thanks, Napoleon!
The only disappointing thing about Poppa Naps is that they don't have a retail location.  That might be good news because I would literally "pig out" if they did.  Coming from North Carolina I appreciate the true art of slow cooked pulled pork.  Napoleon is an artist.  It is dramatically better than any BBQ I have tasted since moving from NC to Las Vegas five years ago.  Highly recommend if you need a great caterer for your event.  Please invite me!
BEST BBQ EVER!!!! If you need an event catered, this is the place to go! The chicken is so moist and seasoned perfectly. The pulled pork is my favorite as it is so flavorful you don't even need to add sauce. Although, the BBQ sauce is so delicious you would not want to skip it. I am not a big fan of beans, however, these beans were amazing! This is definitely the BEST BBQ I have ever had. Thank you Poppa Naps! We will definitely be back!
Being a Southern boy for the last 10 years before moving to Vegas, it was a bit of a challenge finding a BBQ joint that met my expectations. A happy surprise discovering Poppa Nap. I'll be hitting this guy up again soon.
I worked at a wedding that Napoleon catered on The beautiful Crystal Pier all the way in San Diego California! (proves he will drive a long way to make you happy)
The BBQ was a major hit! I couldn't believe his prices either. Seriously the most affordable catering I have ever seen. The best part, he just such a genuine, nice, caring, father-like figure to everyone. People just love him. And I can understand why.
The world could use more people and businesses like Poppa Naps.
What a great find! I was planning a bachelorette getaway for 12 girls and was looking for a place that would cater and deliver to the strip. We got rooms at The Signature at MGM and didnt want to deal with the hassle of going to a restaurant. I called up Napoleon and he was awesome and so accommodating. We ordered the chicken and pulled pork (awesome) as well as the potatoes (a little dry but great with the BBQ sauce he delivers) and the grilled vegetables (SO good). There was a ton of food and Napolean came on time as promised with all of the utensils, plates and everything. His prices are also very reasonable. If you are looking for a BBQ catering option in Las Vegas, this is your place! Great food, great people and great service. Thank you!
Yup another 5 stars! Napoleon and team catered my wedding and it was AWESOME! The food was amazing & the service was perfect. 

We had all types of things go wrong at our wedding too, a black out the elevators were shutdown for a bit (guess swanky hotels have their bad days). Napoleon didn't skip a beat. Once the food arrived piping hot, no one even remembered what just happened. It was all about ribs, delicious brisket, bacon mac & cheese, BBQ sauce all over everyones face. 

All our guests had the Totally Carnivorous, Sons with Bacon Mac & Cheese, Grilled Veggies, Baked Beans, Grilled Potato Wedges, Coleslaw and Rolls on the side. All devoured, all delicious! Recommend highly to anyone wanting to throw down on some grub!
I wish I had written this earlier!! I used Poppa Naps to cater a big corporate training our company had in Las Vegas. I'm located in Beverly Hills so without me even being there Poppa Naps made everything AMAZING! I got so many compliments from everyone and got a big thumbs up from the company VP so thank you Poppa Nap! Look forward to using you again!
Poppa nap catered my work party for thanksgiving ! Twas amazing, very pridefull man who just loves to cook good food for people. And always makes sure they are satisfied. Can't go wrong with the ribs but the biscuits are where its at! The whole 9 yards or nothing at all ! And for the amount of food we got at 11pm at night, amazing warm and fresh ! Thanks again !
First time I stumbled across poppa napps BBQ I was sold!!! I have since then had him cater two of our parties. We have an annual Halloween party and from now on we make it a point to have Nap cater for us.  My friends and family can't stop talking about the pulled pork and the brisket. It literally melts in your mouth. Coleslaw and beans are delicious. First thing my friends asked me when they got their invites this year is if we were having the same food as the previous year. That's a good sign. I highly recommend using poppa napps BBQ for any event. You won't be disappointed. Great customer service and delicious food!
So had Napoleon cater our lunch for work today.  Excellent food,  can't say enough good about the food or the service.  Best brisket I've had in vegas and the pulled pork was so good.  Napoleon was very nice and everything was taken care of.  We had enough for about 25 of us and very good....
We have used Napoleon and Poppa Naps BBQ services for 3 events for our company, the food and customer service was spectacular. Napoleon genuinely loves what he does and I believe that has attributed to his success and results.

MEATS
I have had his ribs, brisket and tri-tip. I would recommend all three meats, his tri-tip is to die for though.

Best tri-tip I've had by far, there is a particular rub and coating that develops after it is BBQ-ed and it provides a ring of flavor while eating. 

The ribs were perfect, tender and flavorful yet not over cooked. Napoleon competes in rib cook offs all the time around the nation. 

The brisket was also great as well, very very tender, great with the "spicy" BBQ sauce. I didn't even need a knife. 

SIDES
I really enjoyed the Santa Maria Beans with salsa and grilled potatoes. The beans taste very clean and fresh. They compliment the meats very well.
I've had the best BBQ in Texas and pretty much tried all the BBQ places in Vegas and so far, aside from the place in Austin, TX, there's only one place to go in Vegas for BBQ. When I noticed this place pop up all of a sudden on yelp I was pretty excited because of the 5 star ratings and wanted to see if it really lived up to the hype. I hate to be the guy, but I was pretty disappointed. 

Ribs - This was not fall off the bone, super tender or juicy. It was quite tough to chew on and I thought it was the initial piece I took but when I tried another it was pretty much the same. 

Brisket - Brisket is by far my favorite BBQ meat, Papa Naps brisket was submerged in a juice which kept it moist. I'm not sure if I like that since it washes away the dry rub that was on it. The first piece I had was ok, a little too much fat on it but nothing really special. 

Pulled Pork - This is by far the best dish they had and the savior of the meal. Pork was insanely tender, juicy and EXTREMELY flavorful. I usually don't care much for pulled pork, but if they had a store I would just go in for this. The initial serving I took was just perfect the way it was but when I went back for seconds, it was way too salty. It might have been a mistake, but nonetheless it was very good. 

We ordered a few sides and tried their sauce, but nothing really worth mentioning.

I would have given them 2 stars if it wasn't for the pulled pork, but  if you're planning to order from him make sure to order it, it is definitely something you don't want to miss and the best I've ever had.
Hands down the best BBQ I've had in a long time!!!! Couldn't believe the price for such great food and service. I dealt with the owner Napolean, the entire step of the way he made sure things went smoothly and  gave us a great deal for our catered event. The staff was more than polite, they interacted with the guests and made sure everyone had a plate in their hand. I love these guys! Can't wait to host more events so I can taste more of that delicious pulled pork!! Mmmmm good!! Highly recommend these guys for your next company party or event!
This guy is a class act! Bravo job last night Napoleon! Good to meet you and your crew. And his BBQ.... WOW what a spread :)
Poppa Naps BBQ catered at a personal home for two nights in a row for a company party, and he did a great job! BBQ food was great on the first night, and the second night we had fabulous prime ribs, asparagus, and veggies. He's a nice guy and I recommend having him cater your party!
Let me start off by saying what a genuinely sweet man Napoleon is. If it wasn't for his super affordable prices, his personality would have sold me.

Poppa Naps catered our wedding reception on May 25th and he didn't disappoint!
The minute we walked in the door we were getting rave reviews about the food.
We had brisket, pulled pork, bacon Mac n' cheese, and the vegetable medley for the vegetarians. Our wedding coordinator made my husband and I plates and set them aside for us knowing we wouldn't have time to make our own mingling and all. Even stone cold the food was incredible!

I am definitely using Poppa Naps for all future catering events!
5 Star recently catered my fatther-in-laws 80th birthday party.  Not only was the food delicious, delivered on time and hot, but the service we received was exceptional!  Thanks for making his special day even better.
Super nice folks. Super tough and flavorless Brisket. Sadly.

 Their bBQ sauce seems to be mostly brown sugar. Super super sweet.
I don't know about every item on their menu (yet), but what I've had has been terrific! 

Let me tell you, just coming to a place where they genuinely appreciate your patronage and want to make you feel at home is such a treat these days (but if it was just that, I wouldn't feel good recommending them).

Let me explain what you're getting: the meats are straightforward, well cooked and seasoned pleasantly, but everything is very moderately flavored, so that you can use their delicious sauces without fighting flavors. 

Their sandwiches are simple meats, perhaps with onions or another small accompaniment on a simple, soft bread roll. 

We had a hot links sandwich, that I HIGHLY recommend, especially if you dress it with their southwestern BBQ sauce - perfect pairing! 

(In fact, lots of their dishes seem to perfectly pair with one of their sauces.)

We enjoyed the pulled pork, though by itself it was very simple - it definitely wanted BBQ and really was great with either their original black or red spicy!

As for main dishes, we also enjoyed the ribs which were a bit more seasoned than the pork. They were fall-off-the-bone even though they weren't a buttery-fatty tender sort of meat. Very nice and delightful with black or red sauce.

But I can't go without really trying to sell you on their sides!

First, my favorite: a chheeeesy and spicy Mac and cheese - really, really tasty in its own right and very different and awesome with their sweet mustard BBQ sauce!!

Also, they have an interesting roasted avocado side with olive oil and lemony seasoning that is quite yummy!

They have baked beans which are like a cross between ranch style and BBQ baked beans - not terribly exciting as I like intense flavors.

Lastly they have fairly basic potato salad, tasty on its own, but once again really nice with spicy BBQ sauce - yum!

All in all a terrific restaurant with tastes to please most and hosts that will please everyone - I really hope they thrive here!
My experience here includes exchanging words with the rude woman behind the shabby counter. i walked into this empty ex-taco bell around 8pm and it was empty. All they had behind the counter was 5 trays of catering dishes with your dinner waiting behind dish 1, 2, etc. Old meat, no grill in sight to bbq the meat or anything. My beef with this lady began when I asked to sample 1 meat. She then proceeded to laugh, yes full out laugh, like that was the craziest suggestion she has heard in her life. She then went on a short rant about her place is small and they can't do that after I mentioned another place (Texas BBQ House) samples everything. What a witch this lady was and then I stormed out laughing at that strange policy and guessing if she didn't want me to taste it, there was no way she was proud of her food and no way it was or ever would be good. 5 star gets no stars.
Locally owned, mom and pop bbq joint!

Turkey and brisket sandwiches are excellent and portion sizes are perfect. 

Sauces are DELICIOUS!

Friendly service, decent prices, cute decor. 

Grilled avocado is awesome. Mac and cheese is great. Beans are good!

We live near this place, so we definitely will be back! The review complaining about no samples is completely understandable. Given the area, I wouldn't be giving samples out to just anyone either. Lots of homeless people, so I'm with the owners on that one!
I love me some BBQ.  I have had ribs, brisket, and pulled pork from across the land. I saw this little hole in the wall on the way to my friend's house, and had to try it.  I got their bbq sampler with their spicy sauce.  Their sauce was too sweet for my liking, but their brisket is out of this world.  Better brisket than i have gotten is Texas.  Pulled pork was about average, nothing that knocked your socks off, but it didn't disappoint.  The ribs were really good.  They were the right amount of tender without being mush.   The ribs i got were a bit on the fatty side, but no matter.  An excellent experience and and excellent food.
Went at lunchtime and got the smoked turkey and pepperjack mac - The food was really tasty - I tried all of the sauces and couldn't decide which one I liked the best.. they were all good.  The people running the place were very friendly.  

Its a weird place in that its in an old Taco Bell.. the building is old and not particularly attractive.  I don't know how many times I've driven by thinking how it couldn't be good just because of the location and the way it looks... Plus it always looks empty.. which it was today when I went.  There were a few customers that came in and got takeout when I was there.  There was also a homeless lady that stopped in as I was leaving.  

That being said.. the place seemed clean, the food was good, and the staff was friendly.. If you can get over the look on the outside and the location, I'd recommend.
I`ve had just about everything on the menu and have loved it all. This week I`m strung out on the pork chops. We had Jim and Joanne cater our company christmas party and it was so awesome i decided to do the same for my family christmas get together. It may have been the first year there weren`t any left overs. I highly recommend this place. Great people, great food!
I came into 5 Star today for lunch and had the pulled pork sandwich with beans as a side. The owners were nice, both came to ask me how everything was as I ate. The pork was great, it was very tender and cut well. I didn't like their choice of bread though, it was kind of simmilar to a dinner roll or french bread. The sauces weren't the best but, they weren't bad either most of them were too sweet. I liked the Carolina sauce the best out of all of them. The beans weren't what I am used to but, I thought they were pretty good. Overall based on what I had 5 Star is fairly average.
I was on a work assignment in Mesa and wanted to try something local for dinner so was searching restaurants.com when I stumbled upon "5 Star BBQ" and read the numerous great reviews.  I then double checked on Yelp, saw the overall 4 stars, bought the $10 coupon for the $4 price and made a special trip to go there.

I am rating it 3 stars which in Yelp terms means A-OK.
That means it is not bad but not fantastic either and part of this would be myself learning what to order.

*** SHORT STORY - I would definitely return but next time for the pulled pork and pepper salad which would yield higher total star ratings on a future review.  Also I would like to come at lunch and try the pork pulled sandwiches ***


As soon as I entered the rustic old facility I smelled a wonderful aroma of smoke.  
This was a good sign.  
I decided on the BBQ sampler plate which would be a smart first choice to see a variety of their offerings.  

It cost $14.99 for 
- 2 Ribs, 
- 1/4 lb of Pulled Pork
- 1/4 lb of Brisket and 
- 1 Hot Link plus a side order which I chose to be the Pepper cole slaw.
Since I also had read the reviews I added a
- BBQ avocado 
then included 
-  a soft drink 
Total price was $19.82 before tip and since I had paid $4 for the $10 coupon it reduced my total to $9.82 meaning I really paid $13.82.

All food was ready nearly immediately from holding tins in the back and I was politely presented with a plate full.  The pulled pork was the most generous portioning and I'm sure it was well over the 1/4 pound serving.  
   And I mean well over 1/4 pound.  
It was tender and flavorful, meaty and tasty to the point of surprising me that I enjoyed it so much.  
It was truly remarkable.

The Pepper Cole Slaw was exceptionally tasty and I generally can not stand the standard Cole Saw.  But this was different, fresh, bright with a zing that made a nice flavor contrast to the meat.  The two pork ribs were also tender and tasty as was the brisket but both were slightly dried out. The hot link was actually half of a sausage split lengthwise and blackened but still not a full sausage.  The grilled avocado was a novelty and while I love avocados and considered this good to eat it was not so radical that I would be compelled to order it again.

The owners are friendly and kind, the black sauce is my favorite and the red sauce is a close second all being home made which is a nice touch.  I used them sparingly and will do so when I come again for the pulled pork!
Wow! Local Mom and Pop place. I've been the 5 times in the last 2 weeks. Recently I took me Mom for lunch and we both had the pulled pork sandwich I had a side of Mac and Cheese and she had the grilled Avocado. She couldn't decide what she liked better in the sides as she tried mine. I dont like Avo so I had to guard my Mac&chz Owners came over asked how everything was and if we were happy. We left stuffed and content  both of us for under $13.Great Place that no one knows about...yet!
We fell in love with the 5 star BBQ ribs when they were at the Gilbert Farmers Market a year ago.  Then we saw they had opened up this place in a very old Taco Bell in downtown Mesa.

We are glad to say their ribs are still the best we have ever had.
We got their sampler and replaced the link with smoked Turkey. So here goes.

The ribs, just plain awesome. Worth the trip across town.

The smoked turkey - wonderful smoked flavor and tender - great just by itself without sauce.  (Don't get me wrong, the original sauce is great.)

The brisket, pretty good. The pulled pork good but not as tender as the turkey.

The sides were just so so.  The cole slaw had no real flavor and the corn just average.

We will be going back often, damned the distance.  We'll be loading up on their ribs and their smoked turkey with lots of their original sauce. But we will switch the sides.
I work near this place. Have driven by it almost everyday on my way into work. I've heard amazing things about this place from fellow co-workers and even customers of my own. I had to go in to experience what sounded to be great bbq. When I walked in I was greeted with a smile and the place smelled of amazing food. I was super stoked on what I was about the embellish in. Ordered the pulled pork sandwich and a side of pepper jack mac and cheese. Things changed from there. After grabbing my drink and sitting down. I wanted to give a taste to some of the bbq sauce choice at my table. I opened the cap to take a quick smell and was i surprised. It smelled as if the bbq sauce had gone rancid and took on a terrible odor.  I started examining the other sauces and the same thing. It looked like the sauces were spoiled from the outside. I look at every other table and the SAME THING. The sauces had a whitish type swirl in them that I knew wasn't right. As soon as I got my food I began to eat it with no sauce. Which was really disappointing as my pulled pork sandwich was naked. I am not knocking the way these people cook food. The meat was super tender, the mac and cheese was to die for, but when I noticed all these sauces and their smells I began to wonder where the A rating from the health department came from? Am I the only one to experience this! I wish Yelp let users upload photos. I was in so much disgust I had to take a picture before departing so I could show others. The place ruined my appetite for the rest of the day and I will never return,
If I could give 3.5 stars I would, but Yelp just won't allow it. I ordered the BBQ sampler in order to get a thorough tasting of the fare here. Additionally, I got every sauce they offered with my sampler.

I ordered my food to go and got my order taken and made without incident. The staff here are very friendly and helpful. 

My sampler came with ribs, pulled pork, hot links, brisket and one side. I ordered "pepper jack mac" for my side. The Mac is delicious and creamy, with just a little kick. The meat was all very average and had very little smoke flavor - a necessity for me to respect prepared ribs, pulled pork, and brisket. Despite this disappointment, the unique sauces made up for what it lacked in traditional que'. If you know about pulled pork than you know that Carolina mustard bbq is the only way to eat it. Kudos to this place for offering a version of this regional sauce.

I used  the spicy BBQ - a slightly spicy kc type sauce on the ribs. While I did try the original sauce and the southwestern bbq, the spicy and mustard bbqs were clearly the star sauces to me.  This will be my go to place close to home for pulled pork from now on.
Wow!  Super impressed by the Bar-B-Que Sampler.  Loved the hot link sausage,  the Mac n' Cheese (spicy, creamy, delish!), and the slaw (tangy, fresh, crispy) .  My husband and I have been to nearly every BBQ joint in the greater Phoenix area, and 5 Star gets 5 Stars.  Great food and super service.  A hidden treasure.
OMG, I got the full rack with a side of the tropical cole slaw and jack mac! Can you say FREAKING YUMMY! It was enough for me and my teenager to share and be totally stuffed! The only thing I would change is ... the slaw. I would take out the pepper and celery, and more pineapple, mango and maybe a peach ! I wanted more of a bit of those things to get the full taste of the tropics ! I had the black label sauce, sooo tasty ! I will be eating this again and again and again! & also tell people about my tasty experience! Thankyou 5 Star BBQ, I am pleased ! 
Shana & Family
5 stars for a Tuesday.I went for the Tuesday $5 special (Pulled pork sandwich ,1 side,had the mac n cheese,and a drink) Yummy !!!! Cant go wrong here folks.They even have the sauces at the table,4 in all to choose  from or just sample).Have to ask for the special  cuz its not posted.Friendly server I was greated when arrived asked how my food was and even said goodbye when leaving.


Only cons:They did not seen to be running the A.C so it gets a tad on the warm side unless your a fast eater wont be a biggie.

I will def be trying more off the menu,I still can taste the smoked pecan pork from 2 hours ago.mmmmmmmm
My wife raved to me when she got home about this place and how amazing this food is! So a few days later I just had to try the food. I am very glad I did because the food was exactly like she told me, absolutely amazing! Hands-down this is the best barbecue I have ever had in my life and I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for the most delicious barbecue out there!
Let me just say this:

Ribs = AWESOME
Turkey = AWESOME
Pulled Pork = AWESOME
Hot Links = DOUBLE AWESOME!
Tri Tips = AWESOME!
Brisket = AWESOME!
Sauces = AWESOME! (Especially the YELLOW)
Staff = AWESOME!

I use these guys for catering events, and I also enjoy coming for some chatter and good ol bbq.  What a place.  I cant believe the guy behind the counter got rid of his radical mustache though.  That thing was sweet.  

I have never personally had any issues at this place, but by the way these guys do their customers the second you walk through the door, it makes me think they would stop at nothing to make sure you are satisfied, as long as YOU are being reasonable of course!!  Nobody should have to endure lousy customers, but alas it happens. 

What a place.  Maybe they open one in Gilbert one day??  :)
Let me start by saying that the food was good. It was juicy and yummy, however, when you order delivery prepare to be disappointed. It literally took them 2.5 hours to get my food. It was extremely frustrating. And the guy who brought it to the door felt no remorse. He handed me the food and left without saying one word. Rude?!
This place has been a few different Mexican joints in the past and is now serving smoked BBQ. Saw them last time I was eating next door at the Blue place and put them on my radar.

Inside is simple and decorated with your typical BBQ theme. Service is very friendly and it was important to them that I enjoyed my visit. Just walk up and order your meal and then sit yourself down and kick back. They will happily bring it to the table.

Ordered the BBQ Sampler Plate which has a little bit of everything. Some Pork Ribs, Hot Link, Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork, and a side of your choice. Had to try out their homemade Pepper Jack Mac and it was very creamy and enjoyable.

They also have items you can order from the grill like Chicken, Pork Chops, Tri Tip, Rib Tips, Bratwurst, and a grilled Sampler if you desire. BBQ Sandwiches are an option as well.

You can choose from 4 different types of sauces they put on the table. The black label is more of a KC style while the red label is what they are calling TX. They also have green label that is more SW and a yellow label that is more NC.

Overall I thought the different meats I tried were pretty good. I liked the Pulled Pork the best. Would like to also see some bread, onion, pickles, and jalapeno peppers as an option with the meats. Maybe I am just spoiled and used to what is offered in most places in TX.

Everyone has their own opinion when is comes to BBQ and there are so many different kinds out there. Give them a try and see what you think. ENJOY!

3.5 STARS
I LOVE this place so much!  Every time we drive by, we stop in for the best BBQ i've ever had.  

Food is beyond delicious!
Location- easy to find and plenty of parking
Ambiance- casual with picnic looking tables. Its bbq it works. 
Service- good. Friendly. Walk to the counter order and then pick up food at counter when ready.
Food- it tasted ok, but then got sick. 

This establishment is now closed as of a few months. (Catching up on reviews.)
Best salad I've ever had.  Had the roasted beet salad that came with yellow beets, goat cheese, some nuts in a light vinaigrette and a side of french bread.  Scrumptious lunch while at the Phoenix Art Museum!

If the service matched the quality of the food here, I would definitely give 5 stars.
Good quality food for a cafe located in a museum.  I ordered a raspberry chicken salad which consisted of fresh greens, fresh raspberries, goat cheese, toasted almonds, and raspberry vinaigrette.  At $15.00, it was on the pricier side for a salad but it definitely made for a good, light lunch.  The grilled bread that accompanied the salad was soft and buttery and complimented the meal perfectly.
My favorite thing about this restaurant is that they try to support local farmers with their food.  Everything tastes like fine cuisine made at home... a perfect balance.  They have a nice small bar too if you want a cocktail or a beer.
I was more than pleasantly surprised by my afternoon lunch here.  I was impressed.  The waiters were terrific: personable yet straightforward, and quick!

The food, although a bit expensive, in my opinion, was excellent.  In fact, my Grilled Shrimp Salad was one of the best I have ever tasted!  It was outdone by the dessert, however.  We were encouraged by the Server to try the Coconut Cake, as it was his favorite.  I don't even especially like coconut but it was fantastic!  The cake was dense, the frosting was buttery, and creamy, and not-too-sweet.  The meal was absolutely perfection!

I would definitely recommend this, with some time at the museum, for a perfect afternoon!
I went here for lunch while visiting the Phoenix Art Museum, as Palette is located in the Museum. Wanting something light for lunch, I ordered a bowl of their Mexico City Style Chicken Tortilla Soup, and it was delicious. Contrary to another reviewer's experience, I didn't find the soup to be bland, although I didn't find it especially spicy either. It was tasty and I would label it as moderately spicy. The cafe itself is beautifully decorated, fittingly with a modernist theme, and the service was prompt and polite. I wish that they had a few more sandwich options on the menu and I thought that $9.00 was a little expensive for a bowl of soup, but overall I had a good experience and would return the next time I visit the Phoenix Art Museum.
On Wednesdays the Phoenix Art Museum [PAM] is free, and having dinner at Palette inside P.A.M. makes for a great date night. 

Palette has something for everyone despite the short menu. I had the grilled chicken caprese sandwich with a side salad and a belgium wheat beer.  My date had the grilled quesadilla and a belgium wheat beer. We sat facing the sculpture garden overlooking the twinkle lights and perfectly manicured lawn.

Service was excellent.

Now they are expanding the theater so there is construction to the south view...we just didn't face that direction.

The only disappointment was that all the beers are in bottles, no tap. However, they have a good selection of wines.
Fresh sandwiches, soups, and salads with a focus on organic, local, and seasonal foods.  They have a variety of dishes that will satisfy vegetarians and carnivores alike.  I started out with a mango iced tea ($2.25) which was cool and refreshing, and split the roasted beet salad and the portabella melt (Both $12).  Both were excellent.  The roasted beet salad was huge and had a nice balance of sweet and acidic from the caramelized roasted beets to the sherry vinegar dressing.  It had a good amount of toasted pistachios in it too to provide some added crunch, also included creamy goat cheese crumbles, and came with a toasty buttered slice of crusty bread.  The portabella sandwich came on some nicely toasted bread, and was a nice blend of textures and tastes from the cheese, mushroom, and roasted red bell pepper.  The sweet potato salad was very good as a side.  

Service was good, and the ambiance is nice.  The patio looks very scenic, and I'd definitely like to eat here again to take advantage of the nice outdoor setting.
I luckily work near by the phoenix museum, so decided to walk with a co-worker for lunch one day.  It's a nice short walk from our office and hte walk through the museum is a small treat.

I wish I could write about more than just a bowl of soup, but it was a delicious bowl of soup at the very least.  I ordered the butternut squash bisque.  It was very tasty and enough to keep me satisfied for the rest of the day.

Our server was very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant was quite full for being a weekday at lunch.  

I will be back.
This is my favorite lunch spot and not just because it's across the street from my office. The menu mostly consists sandwiches and salads, as well as a few appetizers and entrees. But don't be fooled into thinking the food is "boring, accessible, business-lunch fare." Far from it. The menu has subdued Southwestern influences and executes everything with skill and grace. The chicken salad sandwich is to die for, as is the pork belly sandwich. Also highly enjoyable are the seasonal quiche, Sonoran chopped salad, barbecue pork sliders, and green chile stew.

In sum, this restaurant demonstrates that well-prepared food using fresh, local ingredients might be all you really need.

P.S.: Phoenix Art Museum members get 10% off, so join!
One of my coworkers suggested a girls' lunch here in May.  This place is located just inside the Phoenix Art Museum (which I didn't know had a cafe).  You don't have to pay admission - just tell one of the museum employees that you're just visiting the cafe and they'll give you a special colored sticker.

The cafe is cute and open with lots of windows.  I ordered the the quinoa salad and the grilled cheese and they were wonderful.  The quinoa salad is cold which I didn't expect but it paired well with the grilled cheese.  Expect to pay $20 for lunch because the ingredients are local and natural.    The food was excellent but I will probably only come here once in a while due to the price.
This place was a great.  My husband gets credit for picking this place.  He planned a day at the museum and lunch here and it was a very nice experience all the way around.  First we headed over to the restaurant and picked a nice shady spot out on the patio.  It was beautiful outside, the weather was amazing and the view of the sculptures, and greener was very pleasing.  The service was excellent.  They were very quick and helpful suggesting some of the best things on the menu.  My husband had the rueben and the sweet potato salad which was out of this world amazing.  I told our server and he gave me a really nice picture/recipe card for it.  It was a few months ago and I dont remember what I had other than I remember it was so good no complaints from me but what won the whole meal was that insane sweet potato salad.  Whats nice about having lunch here first is that you can tour the museum and burn off those calories.   Also the light rail drops off right in front of the museum.  Another little tip is if you are an MCC student you get into the museum for free.
Located inside the Phoenix art museum.  Weird. Lolz but we went anyways. I ordered the bean hummus, oh my lanta, it was delicious.  My sister and I killed it. :) I loved my portobello melt sammich. It was so good. But not too much of the quinoa on the side. :/ it taste so bland and watery..

Our waiter was a little slow on our refills, but other than that. It was very good. I'll be back :)
We loved the idea of this cafe.  Locally sourced food and a changing menu based on freshly available products.  He had the BBQ Sliders and I had the Chicken Panini.  The BBQ sliders were done well and the bun used was fresh and tasty.  The Chicken Panini was cooked well and the red onions were a great touch.  

The sides were the semi-missed out on piece of the puzzle.  The feta and bean salad was just okay, not bad, but not as good.  Considering that it was roughly $10.50 for the sliders and $13 for the panini, it was too much money for the offerings given (total $23.50 for just two sandwich plates - no drinks, no dessert).

They had Stewart Root Beer, which was definitely a bonus in my fiancee's book!  

Overall: B
We wouldn't mind giving this place another try, but considering the price tag for just sandwiches with just okay sides - we most likely will try other options in the downtown Phoenix area!
Loved the food there. I had shrimp tacos, my husband had white chili. 



The reason for three stars is the service was the worse I have ever had and there were only 8 other people in there. We never got our water glasses refilled nor did we ever see the waitress again after she brought our food. We had to go up to the cashier which is no big deal to pay our bill but it would have been nice to get refilled and asked if we needed anything else.
I visited Palette soon after it opened at 11AM on a Wednesday. I was seated and taken care of right away. Even though I was in a seat that was kind of hidden, my server checked on me every few minutes. I didn't have any of the service issues other people have noted on Yelp, but then, I was also one of the first customers of the day.

As for the food--oh my. I ordered the Mission Fig Salad. It was gorgeous. I should have taken a picture of it. The lettuce was green and purple with the full chicken breast neatly sliced to one side. Big crumbles of blue cheese, sliced fig, and candied pecans dappled the outer edge like Christmas presents beneath a tree. The balsamic vinaigrette complemented the sweetness of the figs and pecans in a wonderful way; sweet, but not too sweet. It's a big salad but it's not a heavy salad, not like a chop salad might be at another place. I didn't have any leftovers.

Also, it came with a toasted slice of bread. It was perfectly done--crunchy but not hard. It tasted very fresh with just the right amount of butter.

The cost ($13.50) was more than most salads at restaurants, but considering the local ingredients, I thought it was quite reasonable. I would absolutely eat at Palette again. I'd love to try some of their other salads.
Great menu, friendly waitstaff, artsy atmosphere.  I wish this place were open for dinner and had its own entrance. The Kale salad with salmon was to die for as well as the crab cakes.  Daniel, our server, was very attentive and friendly (and has great hair!) Everybody seemed to really be having a good time that works there. David, the manager was very informative and told us this place is affiliated with The Farm at South Mountain and Santa Barbara Catering Company. It doesn't get much better than this folks.  This is a definite good suggestion for lunch or Sunday brunch.
The restaurant inside the Phoenix Art Museum is great!  Lovely set-up, wonderful ingredients and combinations (affiliated with the Farm at South Mountain), pleasant and attentive staff, and reasonable prices - all in all, the best museum restarant I've been to!

We stopped in for some drinks and an appetizer between exhibits and were so pleasasantly surprised by food quality (without the inflated prices that usually come with being a captive audience), warm service and atmosphere and we actually planned to come hungry on our next museum visit.  

The food around us looked yummy: the sandwiches have great-looking ingredients, the crab cakes look marvelous and have barely any filling (per the server), and the coconut cake is a delightfully generous portion. To top it all off, they have named the menu items to go with their Hollywood Costume theme - hilarious!!
We stopped for a nosh after the Hollywood Costume exhibit. A pleasant respite in the sculpture garden. A nice selection of wines and craft brews as well as delectable dishes. Made the museum experience all that much more pleasant.
Checked them out on a Friday evening for dinner. The interior is bright and friendly. The service is good.

We ordered a Pizza Mac with Dorito flakes, a Chili Mac with Corn Tortilla flakes and a Tuna Melt with Sweet Potato Chips. Basically, too much food for two people.

Both of the macs were very tasty. The Pizza Mac had pepperoni slices and a garlic flavor. Yum. The Chili Mac had chili. Yum. The melt was the least cheesy of the three, but was quite good too. It had lots of salady stuff in it to make you feel better about what you were eating.

In short, it felt like one of the regular-sized macs, due to their heavy cheeseness, could do an adequate job of filling two stomachs, if, perhaps, supplemented by a sandwich. Eating a the whole Chili Mac myself left me feeling like I had swallowed a delicious cheese brick. 

We would go back to try out the wide variety of other foods they have there.
Mac n Cheese? I was intrigued! Ordered The Bayou with crab and crawfish...sadly no lobster mac n cheese so I guess this was next best thing. Friendly service with a smile, bright environment. The Bayou Mac looked really good, top was oozing with gooey cheese, portion was good for $9.49 (just a tad pricey) but middle was cold. Maybe oven problems? I would cut the portions, reduce the price a little so that each order can come out quicker and at a more even temperature. Taste was good, and may come back to try other varieties.
Comfort food focusing in "create your own" macaroni dish sounds delish!  Located at the corner strip mall that's across from Galleria, in the former space where Atomic 7 was.  Since I have been pasta deprived for weeks, this mac and cheese place was calling my name. So I used the excuse I have to "Yelp" this place as the reason to have some pasta!

As you open the door you can smell the savoryishness of macaroni and cheese baking(..and hear my stomach growling).  A huge easy to read & follow menu is right up against the wall. Also different size containers from the "Lil Mac" to "SMH Mac"  with prices listed for corresponding size is on display against the wall.  You can either create your own macaroni dish or order one of their creations.They also serve sandwiches, salads, and homemade desserts!  You can take your order to go or dine in.  I opted on this visit to dine in, create my own macaroni dish and also try the homemade sweet potato pie for my sweet treat. 

I placed my order with the cashier at the counter by following the steps listed on the menu:

Size: Solo Mac (2nd size up from the small bowl) served in a rectangular foil container

Noodles: Whole  Wheat pasta (your choice of elbow or whole wheat) 

Toppers: Doritos or corn tortillas (I skipped toppers)

Mixins -  your choice of 2 mix ins, additional $1 after that mixins include
Vegetables/Herbs, Meats, Cheeses (Blue Cheese, Pepper Jack, Cheddar) and Specialty (Crawfish, Crab)

Vegan and Gluten free specialty Mac and Cheese is available also!

I kept it simple and ordered roasted peppers & mushrooms as my mix-ins.  I was told it would take about 10 minutes.  They call your # (printed on your receipt) when your order is ready.  It came out a few minutes less of the estimated time.

Macaroni was oven hot, I can smell the cheese and roasted peppers coming up through the steam, the cheese bubbly & melty from top to bottom, mix ins, cheese to macaroni ratio, every bite perfect! Ingredients used are fresh. It tasted great! I only wished that I added more mix ins like the herbs to it.
  
Sweet Potato Pie- It's served cold, in slices, packaged already to go.  It's homemade tasting, thick, dense, with little chunks of sweet potato throughout and the just right amount of spices, you can tell the crust is also handmade.  I adored this dessert because it reminded me of old fashioned southern style baking with just simple ingredients.
 
My only complaint is that custom mac dishes can get pricey if you get carried away adding more mix-ins. For me the portions were fine but I eat like bird...soooo..I don't know how it will go over with everyone else. The small bowl is enough to feed 1, the Solo Mac which I got, will leave you with some leftovers. (Which still tasted great reheated!)  

The restaurant is pretty casual. Decor bright orange and white , mod furniture in high top tables w/chairs seat 4, or invidual seating facing the wall. Service was pretty quick, staff was friendly and helpful. I was acknowledged as I entered and exited. I'll be looking forward to going back there to try different menu items next time!
A friend of my wife went to Le Courdon Bleu, during her stay at LCB, she told us about a friend that was going to open up a new Mac & Cheese place here in Vegas and would be delicious, customizable food.

Last night, we finally made it into Mix N Mac to give their Mac a try. Opening the door, we heard Top 50 music, hood vents with a slight hint of "Welcome to Mix N Mac" Looking to the right of the register, there are examples of each size affixed to the wall. This made it much easier to decide on which size to get. 

Their 'behind the counter' area was rather small, but clean. Two chaffing dishes with Mac n Cheese were next to their mix in station. We ordered our food and were given our cups. I wanted to avoid soda for once and opted for sweet tea (don't judge me!), which brings me to a question.

WHY is it that restaurants have flavored tea and don't bother to a) warn their customers that it's flavored tea; b) not know what flavor the flavored tea is. The flavored tea that came out of their pitcher had a very funny taste to it, almost like the yellow Robitussin I used to drink as a kid, but thinner and with ice. The two employees had no clue what flavor today's tea was, but pointed out there was more sugar available if it was needed. Dumping the tea out, I went back to the standard Dr Pepper and crunchy ice.

I was unsure how a Mac & Cheese place would handle the dish as a 'fast food' type establishment, or like a sit down restaurant. Turns out, more like a pre-made, fast food establishment. Two large chaffing dishes kept some macaroni with a cheese mixture warmed, awaiting a spoon to transfer it into the customer's container before the mix ins are added and put in the oven to melt the top cheese and heat up the entire dish.

We received our food and gave it a moment to cool down, the cheese was nice and melted, however, as certain cheeses are known to, the cheese formed a solid brick of cheese mix over the noodles. Cutting through it with a fork was not ideal.

The top cheese was a bit bland for me, the inner cheese tasted good.

Not sure that nearly $20 for two bowls of Mac & Cheese + 2 drinks is worth it though. May go back again once they have been open for a while, to see if they improve at all, may not though.
I saw this pop up recently and bookmarked it knowing I would be nearby soon and wanted to give it a try.  Put cheese on it and I will probably want it, so when I realized this was basically a glorified mac n cheese I'm in...

I walk in to a light modernly decorated fast food style joint.  The menu is easy to figure out.  It is a bit expensive for lunch a soda and small mac (not the baby size small regular size small) ran me a little over $9.00.  Once I received my food I figured it was worth the price per size.  I got the Pizza Mac it had the noodles with cheese in it a layer of beef, a layer of pepperoni then a generous second layer of cheese.  It is put into the oven and lightly baked like your grandmother used to make before the horrible alternative of powdered velveeta macaroni and cheese and way before the slightly better version of shells and cheese.  

So let me say it was good really good reminded me of my G'ma!  I will be back I may go for a topper next time just to see whats it's like.  My only complaint is the quite tall modern chairs (a swivel bar stool without the back) were kinda hard to sit in but it's the food I was really there for anyways.
It was worth it for the groupon, I guess, but I won't be going back.  The place is small, the service was horrific, and the food was assembly lined together and wasn't even piping hot even tho it took forever to come out, the ingredients were minimal even tho they charged $1 for each add on, and the flavor wasn't anything impressive!  The place up on Warm Springs is a 5 star joint compared to this place.
Decided to go here for dinner around 7:00pm This was on a Sunday so they were basically closing in an hour 8:00pm

As I arrived I was greeted by a warm welcome. The lady suggested what were the popular dishes. She suggested getting the special Macs those were the common ones. But i ended up getting the Mac's Brisket.

While i was waiting for my food i was just surveying the place looking around. The place is pretty clean and had a homey feel. It was a small establishment , I can't imagine if they got busy it would probably be so crowded in there.

So I finally got my sandwich had it to go and ate it at home, cause i felt bad that they were closing i did not want to eat there and make them wait on me to finish i'm polite like that.

So as i got home i was in a rush to eat my Mac's Brisket sandwich. The sandwich consisted on slow roasted brisket smothered in Au Jus Sauce and homemade BBQ sauce to die for. Then it was topped with roasted pepper, provolone cheese and Mac's slaw all served on a French Baguette. Does that make your mouth water? haha then the sides was served with sweet potato chips.

Overall I had a great experience I really want to go back and try their special Macs. They have this Italian Mac i want to try and the Mex Mac.

Price wise it is kinda pricey for my sandwich i paid around $10 kinda pricey for a sandwich but still worth it. As for their Macs they range between $7-$10. So be prepared to pay around that much per dish.

Location it is located near the galleria mall on mall circle drive.

I would recommend  this place if your a mac fan! Fo sho!
I really enjoyed Mix N' Mac. Like many others I came by way of a groupon, and my husband, sister and I went in for lunch at around 11:00. The restaurant itself is rather small, but clean. It seemed to be lacking in character but I know how expensive it is to open a restaurant, so I didn't hold that against them. I created my own mac with cheddar, blue cheese, bacon and roasted peppers, my sister got the cheesy mac and added bacon and my husband got The Bayou mac with crab, craw-fish and pepper flakes. I thought the size was extremely generous and pasta is very filling so I was able to make two additional meals out of my "Solo" size portion. I make mac and cheese quite a lot so I know how hard it is to get the proper sauce/noodle/cheese ratio. The version here was just right with exactly enough cheese to be gooey and just enough sauce to avoid being runny. The flavor was equal to homemade, with the blue cheese being an especially nice touch. I did not like the version with seafood however ("The Bayou") as I thought it was a bit too fishy tasting (reminded me a lot of tuna helper). All in all, I really think Mix N' Mac is a keeper: it's tasty, different, relatively inexpensive and tasty (oh wait, I said that already). Did I mention it's really tasty? I give them 4 deliciously gooey stars.
The wait time was ok. Went in past noon and I was only one of 3 customers.
I ordered the basic cheddar mac with 1 mix in of bacon..... My first couple of bites which were mostly of the melted cheese sprikled on top, were good. The cheese itself was good, the entire dish was piping hot (which I love) so the cheese stayed all melty and delicious. But something about the mac and the cheese "sauce" tasted odd. First, the sauce was sort of grainy tasting, like there was too much flour added and it was left to clump up. Not very creamy at all. 
I also noticed right away a distinct familiar taste that I couldn't quite identify....and then I got it...It tasted fishy!!! Almost like clams. I don't know what the people before me ordered, so maybe it was from that?

But...ugh. Ick! That coupled with the fact that my bacon bits were barely crisp, I felt like I was definitely eating mac and cheese with clam mixed in lol. Turned me off.
Went with Mr. today to use our groupon.. as we entered it is bright, orange and clean.  We were greeted warmly. There was only another couple in the business.  So Mr. decides on a meatball sandwich and they didn't have any, so he opted for the brisket.. which was very tasty but quite messy.  I had the seafood mac N cheese and that was so warm, cheesy and gooey.. but on the top only.. the inside elbow mac was just that ... dry and tasteless, no cheese.. the seafood was very abundant.  Would we go back.. probably not, disappointed that the cheese was only on top and the bottom was dry and no I didn't eat it all, no flavor for the bottom of the mac N cheese.
Man, I hate to hate on local business, but this was truly an awful experience. I notified their "info" section of their website of the complaints listed herein and received a canned response in return. I hope that my listing my bad experience on Yelp will help them improve their business model and service.

My mom and I walked in at 11:45 to Mix N Mac. Both of us being something of macaroni and cheese connoisseurs, we were excited to try it out and had been for a while. When we walked in, it was silent with only a couple people in the restaurant who were already eating. I really hate the trend in the service/retail industry right now that requires the workers to holler out across the entire establishment, "WELCOME TO _____!!!! CAN I HELP YOU TODAY!??" I mean, we're in a building the size of a household living room, there's no need to bellow. But I digress. We looked over the menu, and picked two Lil Mac (kids' size), which includes, and I quote, "1 Mix-In." Thinking that the mix-in that was included was listed underneath the menu section called "Mix-Ins," I selected spinach for my mix-in. I also selected Dorito topping for my mac. Later, I realized I had been charged for spinach, and I asked why. Apparently, a Dorito topping is also a mix-in, even though the menu makes it look like the topping is included. Be mindful of this when ordering!

It's important to note that Mix N Mac is in the style of Panera or Chipotle, just with macaroni and cheese. Quick service, but not drive-thru. We placed our order at 11:52 (according to the timestamp on our receipt). For 15 minutes or more, no one was working on our food. There was a woman stirring a cauldron of cheese sauce, one teenage boy standing at the register for customers that weren't there, and another was chopping up meat that I knew couldn't be for our meal because we did not order meat in our Macs. I had an appointment to get to, so at this time I asked for it to go. 

At this point is when all hell broke loose. A storm of people came in, all the while the woman stirring the cauldron of cheese without helping the two teenagers prepare food, and they aren't even really doing that. My mac and cheese arrived around 12:20, and I had a few bites. It was, to be honest, slightly fishy like another reviewer had said. There wasn't so much as cheese flavor as it was cheesy-fish flavor. There was hardly any spinach that I had paid extra for due to the confusing menu, and I couldn't even taste the Dorito topping. 

The key part of the paragraph above is that I got my order, but my mom's was mysteriously not arriving with mine. The people who ordered 10 minutes after me and my mom got their food before she did. I was going to be late for this appointment, so she ran out with it in a to-go bag. At 12:31, we left this quick-service mac and cheese establishment not having even sat down to eat. 

I will give it another try in a few months, once they get a chain of command worked out and realize that prep work like stirring the cauldron of cheese and chopping meats should not be done during high lunch time. I feel really bad leaving such a bad review, but this place was not worth our 40 minutes or our $15.
Not good at all! We will not be back. The servings are small, the m & C was dry, and too expensive. I'm glad we got that groupon out of the way. I can honestly say the blue box is way better. Sorry Mix N Mac....
One word, comfort food! Or best after a hangover. I've only been here once and ordered the Spicy Mac. Not too shabby!
We bought the Groupon for Mix n Mac since we LOVE Mac & Cheese. We visited on a Monday around 5:00. There were plenty of open tables, however the seating is not comfortable at all. They have high boy type tables and the chairs have low backs. 

The kids each ordered a "make your own", one added bacon, the other added bacon and pepperoni. I wouldn't add the pepperoni as a mix in again, they were large circles of pepperoni that were laid across the top, then sprinkled with cheese and the doritos topping. It made it really difficult to get to the macaroni. The husband and I ordered the Chili Mac and the Tuna sandwich. Both of these were really good. The chili wasn't too spicy, which I liked.

As far as atmosphere, the decor was sparse, but it is a new establishment. We didn't like the seating, the music was way too loud (there is a gym next door which you could hear weights being dropped so possibly they are trying to cover that up) and they need better shades on the windows. The sun was coming directly in the front windows at the time of day, there wasn't one table that was completely out of  the sun (even with the shades down) so it was really hot.

I'm sure we'll go back again, but will take it to go.
This place is just ok, but not good enough to go back. The mac-n-cheese, as my husband described it, tasted powdery....definitely not fresh. The food was just okay in my opinion and the place had a weird vibe. New decor, but it still felt dirty in there. Like the paint, table and chairs are hiding what once was. 

I hate to say it, but it's the kinda place you just know won't be there in a year. Nothing stood out and my 3 year old, who loves mac-n-cheese, couldn't swallow the food....otherwise I would've gone 3 stars.
everything is wonderful!
The interior seating area was messy ! No one took the initiative to clean up the whole time I was waiting for my food, good thing I got it to go!

I Made a custom mix of crab, bacon, mushroom, jalapeos, and cheese. The top layer with the cheese was amazing of course, but the bottom layer was a little dry and bland. The crab was really good though, I just wish they put more of it. Good thing I had a groupon
Using the groupon +$2 extra, I got the vegan mac with real cheese and my friend got the seafood mac. it was good and cheesy and hot, some wait while they make the dishes, so you know it's fresh...the prices are average, I would prob go back if I a) had a craving for macncheese, which does happen and b) don't want to cook, but would prob try the add on option next time, and not get the more basic option. But yay for vegan and wheat pasta option!!
We really enjoyed the place.  Our food came out very hot and was full of flavor.  I had the Mex Mac and really enjoyed it.  Awesome spot for a different lunch.  The wait time was about 5-10 minutes, but they have to bake the dish so that was expected.  As far as service it was on par for any other restaurant of this style.
Blech.  Mac n' cheese used as the base for most dishes is strangley grainy.  I tried three varieties and the toppings are not bad.  If they actually mixed the selected flavors into the mac n' cheese it wouldn't be so bad.  However, say you order the pizza mac you are only going to find peperoni on the top of your dish and not mixed in.  So several bites taste pretty good until you get to the grainy not so good mac n' cheese that comprises 80% of the dish.  Service was slow and there is not enough seating.  Don't bother eating here.
Bought a Groupon to try this place out.  I heard nothing but good things about it.  We bought the large option so we could have drinks and dessert also.  The food is as good as we heard it was.  You had better like cheese because that is what you get.

The only dissapointing thing about it was the manager was not very nice.  We wanted to use the extra money we paid for to get dessert but the manager said we couldn't use it for dessert, only mac and cheese and drinks.

The Groupon said nothing about it and I still question his opinion.  This is enough for me not to go back.  This left a sour taste in my mouth.  Remember, the customer is always right.
I have been waiting for this place to open up for a while. Anything with cheese can't be bad. I ordered the spicy Mac which was wonderful. It had fresh jalepinos and hot dog. It cost about 8 bucks with a drink. The staff was friendly and I'm sure I will be back to try something else!
Heard about this place for the first time about a month ago from a friend. Tried it out and loved the 3 different kinds of mac n cheese that we got.  Wen't back for lunch the other day and had amazing service. Mac N Cheese isn't a hard dish to make but these guys do it GREAT.  Totally can not wait for one to open up on my side of town.  If you love mac n cheese then give these guys a shot.
Mix N Mac has taken over the spot of my dearly departed Atomic #7 ice creamery off to the side of the Galleria Mall.  (Note: if using Apple Maps, it may give you some weird directions, but I find it's easiest to get there via the Sunset Rd exit off of the 515).  Anyway! This is place is your typical (how odd that this is becoming a viable trend) Mac n Cheese place - pick your cheese, toppings, size or go for a pre-designed menu item.  My BF, who is not vegan, got a spicy, which he said was good ("but it's no Homeroom" - for those of you from the Bay Area).  I got the Vegan (of course!).

Now, let me say thank you to Mix n Mac for even having a vegan option.  That is great.  BUT (you knew it was coming, right?) it's pretty weak.  It's not BAD, it's just not mac n cheezy.  No tang! No cheezy flavor.  I took mine home and added cheezed it up (seriously, 1 TBS of Nooch (aka nutritional yeast aka vegan gold) made a WORLD of difference), and it was quite good.  The Vegan includes whole wheat noodles, and a few types of veg in a creamy sauce.    You can also get the "Vegan" with regular cheese if you want, which people at the counter kept telling me.  They seemed to know that the vegan was not so tasty as-is.  That's sad, because it's actually really easy (and cheap) to make a GOOD vegan mac.  (I will happily provide a recipe to prove it!)

The service was fine, prices were OK, but I wouldn't return based on my entree.  It's great to have options, but it's better when they're treated like a real OPTION and not just an afterthought.  

They have Groupons for this place all the time, so it's definitely worth a try.  Vegans, just BYONooch and mix it in and you'll be fine.
Two of my favorite things... mac n cheese + grilled cheese.  I was beyond excited to try this little hole in the wall dining spot.  My friend and I decided to split a sandwich and mac n cheese since the servings looked pretty big.  We ordered the Mac's Twisted grilled cheese and it was delicious!  For our macaroni, we chose the chili mac.  Unfortunately, this dish was greasy and did not taste very good.  I would have preferred hamburger helper instead.  However, the grilled cheese is Mix n Mac's saving grace, so I might have to return to try another combination.
I was excited to try a mac n cheese spot!  I loveeeeeeeeeee mac n cheese, every since I was little.  So when I saw this spot whoot whoot, I couldn't wait to try it.
So many varieties, I've never had it like this before, it seemed kinda wierd.  But I wanted to step out of the box, and try something different.  
It's not a fast food spot....It's not a fast food spot.....It's not a fast food spot, so don't expect to get it fast!  Ok, I think you get it!  
So I got the bayou, crab & craw fish, but I did chedder instead of pepper jack.  It was different, not bad!  My husband got Mexican mac n cheese, it had ground beef and Jalapenos in it.  Ohhhh it had some kick in that bite!   Again it was interesting.  And he also got...ummmm, not sure but it had hotlink and Jalapenos, the flavor was like the mexian one, just  different meat. 
Would I go back?  I think after I write this review, I won't even think about this place again!
I can't tell you how excited I was to try this place. A place that specializes in Mac-n-Cheese..... what a great idea!  However, this place was awful-despite its promising concept. 

Let's start off with the basic Mac-n-Cheese which my 3 year old son tried ($4.99 for an individual serving).  What Mix N Mac didn't know was that my son is somewhat of a Mac-N-Cheese expert. This basic dish tasted like overcooked bland noodles with a hint of cheese flavor. Our Verdict: Bland/ Overcooked/ Overpriced!

I opted for the Mexi-Mac. Ground beef, chorizo, jalapenos, cilantro, and tortillas all mixed in with Mac-N-Cheese. Sign me up-- sounds great! Not bad, but the portion size was ridiculous. I felt like I was served a side dish. Wait, is there more? Is there a hamburger that is supposed to come with this tiny baby serving? Our verdict: Good Flavors/Small Portion/Overpriced!

My wife ordered the Brisket sandwich. This sloppy meat like substance tasted really sweet and was served on what I could only imagine was day old bread. You know the kind of bread you could pick up at the .99 store. Served with potato chips, this was not a winner. Our Verdict: Sweet/Gooey/Not Good!

Bottom line, this was not a good dining experience. Don't even get me started on their furniture and soda fountain. OK --now I am started. Their furniture was cheap, wobbly and a blinding orange in color. Their soda fountain was messed up with drinks coming out barely carbonated. I mentioned this to one of the workers, and she was able to fix the problem while we were eating. Apparently, when the ice levels get low, the carbonation goes bad. 

I am giving this place 2 stars for what I think is a great concept. If this place is going to last, the portion sizes need to be increased or the prices need to be reduced.
Yelp got me to this place. Actually it was a review from Elite Yelper and fellow Internet foodie friend Shirley B. that really got me here. A good little location with not so great decor. I have a lot to say about this place so I apologize for my lengthy review. 
First, I had already checked out the menu via yelp, and had an idea of what I wanted. They have custom mac& chz where you choose your mix-ins and cheese flavor. Or you can go with the choices they have like "Spicy mac" with hot links and jalapeos or a plain "cheesy mac" with different flavor cheeses. They also have sandwich and salad selections. 
My daughter got a basic cheddar & bacon mac. She enjoyed it. I tasted it, approved. Bacon wasn't mushy and the mac had a nice crisp cheese crust. 
I ordered a custom mac with cheddar, roasted peppers, crushed red peppers, and mushrooms. (Totally stole the idea from Shirley B. and added the crushed) I truly enjoyed it and would return for this item. HOWEVER, a big thing when going out to eat is WHAT IS SPECIAL ABOUT THIS? Really, nothing. I could do it at home and probably better. Was it good, sure. But for $7 it should come with bread and a drink IMO. 
My boyfriend go the spicy mac. Good concept adding the hot links and it was for sure spicy. I again liked it, but it didn't OMG AMAZE me. 
Now the bad. Well NONE of it was BAD, let me rephrase that, for the just ok, average, maybe not so great parts. The hotlink/meatball sandwich. Um, no. Usually when I think hotlink, I expect spice, not sweet. This has a homemade BBQ sauce that was just gross to me. Almost reminded me of sweet Swedish meatballs. Not something you'd mix with a hotlink I'd think. 
The ingredients were fresh, but I just did not like the flavor. 
Secondly for the negatives, the service. There was a young girl at the counter who was clearly overwhelmed or under trained. Possibly both. She was sweet, but not genuine. Then when we left it seemed maybe the boss lady had arrived. She was checking on guests, had great customer service, and said bye as we left. The other guy behind the counter (who made and handed out our food) wasn't rude by any means, but he was not kind either. For a newer restaurant business they should be basically shouting smiles at customers. Or maybe that's my old school In n Out burger talking. 
I might give this place a second chance if I'm craving cheesey pasta.
Purchased a Groupon to test out Mix N Mac.  The Groupon offered the full menu range.  I decided ahead of time to just go with a mac dish to take to our Thanksgiving dinner we were having a week in advance for out of town family.  I let all the family know that I would be bringing this "delicious" deal from Groupon.  Well, I arrived at the Galleria Mall and asked 4 different people if they new where the Mix N Mac was located, as I couldn't find them on any mall kiosk.  Nobody knew until I hailed a bicycling security guard.  He informed me they were actually located on the outer ring, next to Panera.  So back around the Galleria to find the Panera, but no sinage for a Mix N Mac.  This search had already taken me 15 minutes, and since I got there and didn't see any signs, I figured they must have closed the business already.  But it seemed odd as the security guard seemed sure they were there, so I slowly inched my way along the strip area next to Panera and finally found the door with a Mix N Mac sign, but no lights on at 9:45 am.  Hmmmm, not a good indicator of business.  But still wanting to get mac n chees for the family, I parked and went to the front door.  I found a hand written sign that stated they had new hours and opened at 11:00 am.  Are you kidding?  I knew right away that business wasn't doing well, plus I didn't have time to wait, we were having Thanksgiving dinner at 11:00.  So I went to my sisters and let all the family and guests know about the problem with Mix N Mac.  We all agreed that starting a business in these times is rough and Mix N Mac probably would not last a year.  But my husband and I decided to use our Groupon the next evening, instead of cooking.  Well, when we got there they had two customers.  I smiled and asked what they would recommend?  They said it was their first time, but they looked a bit grim and didn't recommend what they had ordered.  Uh oh, so I turned to the friendly looking cashier and asked what she ordered when she ate there.  She looked down at the keyboard and had to think hard...lol.  She finally said the cheese sandwich, because it had fresh veggies.  So, I said, "That sounds delicious, let me order one of those."  Then I asked my husband what he would like.  Just as he was thinking aloud, a girl came out from the back kitchen and saw that I had a piece of paper in my hand with the Groupon in bold letters.  She said, in a rude, nasty tone, "You can only order a mac and cheese with the Groupon!"  "Excuse me," I said, totally afronted by her attitude.  "That's what our owners said," she stated briskly.  Hmmm.  She then explained, "I know it doesn't say that on the Groupon, but that's what our owners decided after selling so many Groupons.  So that's all you can get."  Hmmm, after more discussion about Groupon and how it brings people in to try an establishment and gain loyal customers, my husband and I decided to leave and contact Groupon for a refund.  I know this is long winded, and we didn't even try the mac and cheese, but customer service is a vital area that ensures return, repeat business.  I don't ever go back where customer service is unpleasant, and I probably tell at least 10 of my friends and relatives, if not more.  I think I did mention it to our friendly waitress at the IHOP who's husband is a taxi driver in Vegas.  So, you can imagine how the word will spread about our negative experience at Mix N Mac.  Not to mention to anyone who will read this post with interest.  Customer Service, Quality, and Cleanliness are the three keys to restaurant success.  Fail in any one of these areas and your business is doomed.  I did get a business card from the Rhian at the register.  Yasmin Mackey seems to be the owner.  I did get a refund from Groupon, who apologized profusely.  There a plenty of delicious restaurants near the Galleria in Henderson, Mix N Mac is not one of them.  Good day!
Like so many others I came here with great expectations.  I bought two Groupons...because I was so sure I would love it.... Mix and Match Mac & Cheese... who wouldn't love it?  First I did not research on Yelp first, my mistake.  I expected a restaurant, so when I arrived at a hole in the wall joint with the menu on the wall, I was disappointed to start with.  

The food was fine, I had the spicy, my friend created her own vegetarian and was excited to see fake sausage. (She seemed to really like hers)  I was underwhelmed.  There was nothing wrong,, it that it was just fine.  I will go again and use the other Groupon.  I just think it was way too expensive for what you get, the chairs are horrifyingly uncomfortable, I will never dine in again, and they needed a much more fun list of mix ins.

Just off the top of my head, green chiles (for those who want a bit of spice but not the huge Jalapeno rings they use), turkey, cauliflower, cilantro, roasted red peppers...anyway I'm sure chefs could add some great ideas.
My family purchased a coupon for Mix N Mac.  I'm not into mac and cheese, however they have a several salads and sandwiches that looked good.  We all ordered different dishes.  It came to pay we pulled out our coupon and the cashier told us that the only thing we could use for the coupon for was mac and cheese.  We read the coupon and there was no restrictions on it.  No where on the coupon did it say we had to order one type of dish.  Needless to say, we walked out. What kind of company does that!!!  Very poor, poor management.
Went in today with a $30 Groupon. When I  ordered a salad, cheese bread and a desert in addition to a couple of mac n cheese dishes, I was told that the Groupon only applies to mac n cheese orders. What a joke. I paid and pulled up my Groupon while we waited for our food . No mention of any restrictions. Instead of "mix n mac," they should call themselves "bait n switch." Food was ok...nothing special. definitely would not come back based on food quality and their little games. I have filed a complaint with Groupon so I hope their little game was worth the $7 they were supposed to get from Groupon. 

If you are thinking about trying this place, you should go quick. I don't suspect they will be on business much longer. Also, if you want GOOD mac n cheese, try Yardhouse. Besides being scammed, the food here is nothing exciting.

2-stars for food
1-star for crappy, scammer bait n switch service

I sent an email to the owner who said the mistake was made by Groupon. Groupon denied this. These scammers then ran the EXACT same ad on Living Social just a couple weeks later.
THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD! My husband and I ordered the Bayou mac, spicy mac and shared a grilled cheese. Everything was piping hot and deliciously cheesy. Don't understand the bad reviews- it was DELISH!
I drive by this place all the time so today I decided to try it out. I walked up to the counter and first thing I ordered was albacore sandwich, but they where out. So, I settled for the Mac's Brisket sandwich. I also ordered spicy mac n cheese. The Brisket sandwich was ok should have been better for 8.50. In the box it also had some chips stuffed on the side but they were soggy from the sandwich . The Spicy Mac was better than I thought it would be, the pieces of hotlinks made this something I might come back and  try again.
I have driven by this place many times on my way to Buffalo Wild Wings and finally stopped in today.

My first impression as I walked in was that the place was kind of beat up, run down and dirty for being so new.

I walked up to the counter expecting to see some sort of mac and cheese of the day or something that was prepared fresh. I saw nothing of the sort which was worrisome for a place trying to build a niche following. After perusing the menu for about 5 minutes I decided on the Brisket sandwich and a small mac and cheese.

While waiting for my order the kid at the counter brings out a giant industrial bucket and starts scooping what can  described as looking like mashed potatoes into a warming tray. Although this is normal it was not exactly pleasant to see this in the front of the store.

About 5 minutes later my meal came to the window and I picked it up. My first impression was that the sandwich that looked great but was super tiny with a small amount of chips. The mac and cheese looked freshly baked and had a nice crust on the top.

I eagerly sat down to chomp down. I picked up the sandwich and took a big bite, I couldn't chew through the "Brisket", it was hard and tough. The BBQ sauce was runny and was not great. The only good thing about the sandwich was the rough cut slaw on top. After 2 bites i decided to try the mac and cheese. The first bite was underwhelming and bland, my family recipe has far more flavor. I wouldn't say that it was bad, it just wasn't better than ok. Ok does not cut it for a place that is supposed to be all about the mac and cheese. I will however give them credit for perfectly el dente macaroni. 

In conclusion the Mac and cheese place has just ok mac and cheese that clearly isnt worth the price and horrible brisket. I gave them 2 stars because I actually at all of the mac and cheese; however, I was starving when i walked in.
Heard about it, had to try it. 
Went in for lunch, atmosphere is ok. High tables with high chairs with pics of different mac & cheese blends on the wall. 

I waited behind a couple that was ordering that seemed like an eternity. 
It wouldn't have been bad, but anytime someone behind the counter made eye contact and did not say hello or say we'll be right with you, not the best customer service. 
Turns out, the 2 behind the counter were the married couple that owned the place. 

I ordered the "Solo" mac with ground beef and bacon. I was asked if I wanted a topping of crushed corn chips or doritos. They suggested doritos as being the best, so I said ok. 

It takes a few minutes as they put together your order and then heat it up in the oven! When ready, it's hot and bubbly with all the flavors right on top. 
It was tasty and warm, great for a winter day! 

They offered a variety of desserts which sounded delish, I will have to try when I go back. 
The food was good, however I'm not sure if its a place I would crave, or just stop in when I go to the mall.
Ok, you don't know me that well, but come to my house for mac and cheese before you go here!
Been twice, will never go again.
First time, we got it to go. They forgot part of our order but gave us an extra - a hair in our mac and cheese. 
Had another groupon so we thought we would give them another try.
First, the manager tried not to accept our Groupon.  Apparently she and Groupon are having a problem communicating and somehow that became our fault.  She reluctantly honored the terms of the groupon when we reminded her of our last experience.  Mind you, this was lunch time and the place was EMPTY. Panera Bread next store had a line though.  i really try to eat in local places, but, not going to happen again.
So, after the Groupon lesson and lecture, we were treated to really mushy mac and cheese and a mediocre sandwich.  You know what's worse than mushy macaroni, that nasty cheesy after taste. But wait, Mushy Macaroni could be a great band name!
They could play Mix and Mac after the establishment gets a visit from whatever restaurant makeover show is willing to take on the challenge. The biggest obstacle will be the owner's complete dislike of customers.  She is much more interested in being right than in service and quality. We tried.  My friend and I are lovely and helpful, you'll see when you come to my house for mac and cheese. Anyway, we were pleasant, she was not and neither was the food. Despite the problems, I hope it gets better.  We need locals to do well, but we also need them to feed locals well.
I went here today around noon and the place was closed.  No sign, nothing. It was dark, and nobody was inside.  Anyone have any info on why, and is it closed permanently?  I don't understand why there wasn't any sign on the door.
Bought the Groupon to give the place a second chance. I felt I was a little harsh in my initial review, but it really was a troublesome experience. 

However, after being back, I can update it a star because it was a much more positive experience. 

We were not bellowed at when we stepped in, "WELCOME TO MIX AND MAC" which was one of my previous irritations. We stuck to the ready made varieties this time, instead of trying to create our own. The ready made varieties, especially my mom's Mex Mac, were better than the create-your-own variaties, IMO. I ordered the Cheesy Mac and it was okay--the best part was the blue cheese hidden inside, but the rest didn't smack of the cheesy flavor I crave in a mac and cheese!

I can't say that I'll be back again, not because of anything other than some new dietary restrictions, but I am bumping it up from 2 to 3 stars. I think it definitely has the potential to fill a really cool niche market.
Bought the Groupon but was disappointed when we were told they were out of all desserts, crawfish, goat cheese, candied walnuts, etc. They even ran out of chicken. The service was good, the foo was average, but it is evident the people responsible for logistics are asleep at the wheel.
This place is exactly what it advertises, nothing fancy, no frills. Just yummy Mac and cheese however you want it.  The hubby and I ate here the other day and after we ordered our Mac and cheese we took our first bites and looked at each other like Yum! He had the Italian sausage, which was spicy and full of flavor while I opted for the cheddar with vegetables. The service wasn't bad at all and we ended up tipping the young girl five dollars because she was nice and the food was just as we ordered it. We also had a groupon and we were given no problems.
Mac and cheese that you can customize in a number of ways.  It's like Chipotle, but with mac and cheese.  Already off to a good start in my book.  The Living Social certificate was also a good incentive to head on over.

The menu consists of two sections - pre-defined creations or a list of items so you can make a custom mac.  I opted for the pre-defined Mex Mac.  Jalepenos, chorizo, ground beef, and tortilla chips.  DC opted for a custom - mushrooms and bacon with whole wheat noodles.  I was a little skeptical about this notion of pre-made mac and cheese, but they have a good set up.  The noodles are separate from the bechamel and the mix-ins.  Everything is mixed together when you order it, and then popped in the oven to get bubbly and gooey.

Both iterations came out of the oven with a baked crust of cheese.  They were hot and steaming and really hearty.  The cheese could use some more seasoning, but the mix-ins really added a lot.  The Mex Mac was loaded with flavor and spice, and the custom mac was pretty good too.

Overall, the pricing was decent for the amount of food, and the flavor was good.  The atmosphere inside was kind of bland and could use a little sprucing up or some color.  

I dont think I would go out of my way to come here, but if I am in the area I will definitely stop by.  The mac and cheese was especially great this weekend with the cooler temps - I wonder how they'll fare in the summer.
Since my Groupon was going to expire next week, I finally decided to give this place a try. The menu already screams pricey from the get-go, and it's actually outdated per the one person working there. The brisket and meatball sandwiches are gone, which is unfortunate because I was going to try the brisket sandwich after Ian A.'s glowing review.

I ended up going with the Bayou Mac and the Mex Mac. The Bayou Mac for $9.49 doesn't even come close to filling me (although it might suffice at lunch), and they're definitely skimping at least a little on the crab and crawfish. It had decent flavor and gooey cheese, as you would hope for, and it was plenty warm when I got home.

I ended up trying the Mex Mac. "Really, Chris? You don't even like Jalapeno peppers." "I know, me, but it's not as sour and spicy as you'd think." The flavor profile ended up being a little more complete than the Bayou Mac, although I'm still not sold the regular $7.49 price.

If you're a big mac and cheese fan and you don't really cook it yourself, you'll wanna find this spot. Otherwise, it's good for a change of pace, but maybe not for the long haul. And since their hours are now Mon-Sat 11:30-7:00, it's not even good for most hours of the day or for Sundays.
Best mac and cheese I've had outside of Boston (see my other review).  Tried plain, bacon, ham, and crab varieties here.  The crab sounded good and there was a nice crab flavor and aroma but unfortunately, that just didn't match too well with the cheese.  The ham was good but didn't add much.  The plain was really good by itself but the winner is adding bacon.  Oh, and Doritos crumbles on the top really added to the mac and cheese as well.

What was so good?  Macaroni that is tender but not limp, lots of cheese with creamy consistency, and finished in an oven so there's a bit of burned cheese on top.  Easily makes me forget about the mac and cheese at Panera a few doors down.

Pricing is high compared to what it would cost to eat at a cheap buffet but isn't out of line compared to a "value" meal at a burger place.

Oh, and the service both times was friendly and helpful.  No rushing, no annoyance when questions were asked.  They were pretty slow on both visits.  I really hope they have enough business to keep the business running.
AS A RULE I DON'T DO REVIEWS BUT THIS IS A STORY THAT HAS TO BE TOLD:
Saturday, Jan. 19th. arrived at 12 pm--

Just left Mix N Mac with my Groupon still in hand. My Groupon purchase was based on a unique concept and an interesting menu.  
We wanted to do take out, so we used the menu link on Groupon to decide what to order.

Upon arrival, I approached the counter and started ordering: 
  
1 Mex Mac----(all is well)---1 Italian Mac----(out of marinara sauce)---Okay, I'll get the Pizza Mac, instead---on to the next item---1 Brisket Sandwich----(we no longer have sandwiches)---Okay, I'll have the OMG Custom Built Mac instead---with mushrooms and veggie sausage---(no veggie sausage)---How about a Slice of Sweet Potato Pie----(we no longer have desserts)---- 

Could you place your order now----we will be closing in about 5 minutes--the  computer went down--- b-t-w---we don't have printed take out menus, either. 
 
It is now approximately---1pm---Forget about it, I'm out of here.  Thanks, but no thanks.  

.
I wanted to like this place more, but I think they are having some growing pains.  They were out of Dr. Pepper and Sprite, 2 of the 6 drinks on the fountain.  So, when I wanted a refill, but not of iced tea, I was annoyed to find the only 2 drinks on the fountain I like gone.  The owner was nice enough to give me a Dr. Pepper out of the chill case, but still.  Also, we were told that sandwiches were not available at all, as many others have noted.  We were there for mac n cheese anyway, but this is a further example of the growing pains.

My wife had the cheesy mac.  This was solid, but not great.  It was very sparse on the blue cheese flavor, which was the main reason she ordered it.  Overall, bland.  Did have a very nice crust on the top.

Mine was much better, I had the bayou.  The crab and crawfish flavor was really noticeable.  I could have used more spice, I added red pepper flakes at the table.  The top was nicely crusted, but the middle of my dish remained cool.  I had to take it up to get more heat on it.  I'm assuming this occurred because the seafood was cold, so it made getting the entire dish to temperature take longer.  They were really nice about it, and heated it quickly, so no harm no foul.

We'll give Mix n Mac another try, but hopefully they work out some of these issues sooner rather than later.  I think once they do, it will be a solid place.
I got the chili mac and it was awesome! Great music playing in the restaurant too.  I'll be back to try some of the other kinds of mac!
Had a groupon. We got the basic Mac n cheese and the Bayou.  Portions were  kinda small, but tasty. Not much seafood in the Bayou. Got two small drinks and dessert, and the price would have been $30 if not for the groupon.  Wayyyy too much for what we got.  Desserts ( peach cobbler and sweet potato pie) were not good. The cobbler was warmed up canned peaches with tons of syrup and some strange floury tasting  barely cooked "pastry" on top.  The pie was better, but not that good, and the crust was raw.  Would not go back. Mac Shack is much better.
This place appears closed.  I had bought a Living Social coupon for Mix N Mac - it expires today.  I went last night at 6:15 and they were closed.  Went today at noon and they are closed...oh, well...
I've tried to use my Groupon multiple times at this place. They never answer their phone. I live across town but wouldn't mind picking this up on my way home. The hours seem to be a bit early for closing, but I suppose that this is their call. The bottom line is that if they are trying to run a business they need to answer the phone.
Mix N Mac is a tasty little spot... The food is made with fresh quality ingredients and there are plenty of flavor options on the me.  i went with a  basic item "chessy mac". made with a sacuse of cheddar and blue chesse.  it was good more cheddar then blue but it was a good mix.  It took a few minutes  to prepare but it was worth the short wait..
Looks like they have closed down. Stopped by several times in the last few weeks and they have been closed during their posted business hours. From the time they opened in September 2012 they kept dropping many menu items until it seemed that they were down to Mac n Cheese dishes. Most sandwiches and salads were dropped and many if not all of their dessert items. I guess they could not compete with  Panera Bread a few doors down.
I would encourage anyone who likes meat to visit SOS BBQ.  These guys are great!  Have seen them all over Southern Ontario and never once disappointed.  Try the Brunswick stew, it is to die for!
Thanks for coming to my neighbourhood! Great food, great location, great price. My only complaint is the pork was a weeee bit dry and I guess I much prefer my meat mixed in the sauce rather than the sauce squeezed on top like ketchup. But holy cow that sweet BBQ sauce you have is to DIE for! I can't wait to come back and get dinner again.
We stopped by for lunch today - it was good - but our first impression was that it is quite expensive. We 

spent over $24 for two sandwiches, pulled pork and brisket - 2 fries and 2 pop shoppe pops. Also, we ate 

in but were served in Styrofoam containers, cardboard boxes, ate with plastic forks and drank from the 

bottles. As per their brochure they own a meat trailer that goes to special events - I think they are still 

living in that realm. Our buns (while fresh) were not toasted so became soggy quite quickly. The fries were 

crispy - fresh cut and lightly salted - good job on those. The meat is apparently the star here, although I'm 

not that impressed - it was good flavor and some original sauces, yes - but for the money (more brisket 

please - a little light on serving size) we should be clamouring to get back to this place, which we are not. 

Will we go back? Maybe - if they come up with a cheaper lunch menu we're in for sure. As well, to the 

owners, watch some food network BBQ shows for ideas - you need to tweak your meat a little for better 

flavouring. As we left we were handed some promotional items - an envelope with a %10 off coupon for a 

return visit. The coupon they created inside was obviously self made - how do I say this nicely? You need 

to re-take the photograph professionally before for it's too late - it is of a bun of meat resting on four lettuce 

leaves - it looks awful. So.. bottom line with us, lower your lunch menu prices, toast your buns, use real 

plates, cutlery & glasses (with ice) on eat in orders, tweak your meat and after all of this if you only change 

one thing - make sure it's that picture on your coupon. We are not being hard on this place we want it to 

succeed, and know they will with some small changes. All the best to SOS.
Myself and my wife went in for ribs and a pulled pork sandwich to see what it was like ,but we were disapointed that the ribs we bought to eat in were not even cut . Well we were sitting the with styrofoam containers and plastic knives and forks not for me unless they chane to really plates and knives and forks we will not be back anytime soon
Best BBQ in Waterloo hands down.  I've tried Smokin Tony's, Hog Tails and SOS and SOS is my favourite BBQ.  Smokin Tony's is like a non-authentic fast food version of BBQ and is only good in a pinch.  Hog Tails was good but I found it slightly dry.  SOS on the other hand is fantastic.  The Sliced Brisket is definitely my favourite.  Extremely juicy and tender with a perfect smoke ring.  Ribs are good.  Chicken could be slightly more flavourful.  Pulled pork is good but I'm not a huge fan of pulled pork.  The fries are fantastic.

Seriously the best authentic BBQ I've had in Waterloo.  Prices are a little higher then I'd like but you get the quality you pay for.  If this place wasn't so out of the way for me I'd get it all the time.
I've sampled the menu here quite extensively and I have yet to be disappointed. My favourites have to be the pulled pork with Carolina sauce and the ribs. The sauces here are amazing, and really make the meal. It's nice to find pulled pork that isn't the soupy crock pot version you mind most places. The sides dishes are exemplary; great coleslaw and amazing Brunswick stew.

This isn't a fancy sit down restaurant, it's a roadside BBQ joint with tables, and that suits me just fine. Don't expect cloth napkins and wine at your table. It's about the food here not the ambiance.

As to the reviewer who complained his ribs weren't pre-cut... suck it up princess. I have never had such tender ribs, and they pull apart with the greatest of ease. Maybe you should stick to one of the chain restaurants.
SOS is an unassuming mom and pop shop, literally.  It seems to be run by a family who are all very friendly and clearly passionate about the food they are serving.  They have four BBQ sauces they offer and they're also available in squeeze bottles to add to your food after which is a nice touch, the all-in sauce was my personal favorite.  I got a rack of ribs which was perfectly done with just the right amount of smoke.  The fries and coleslaw were pretty big portions as well, one dinner was enough for two people.  The prices are also excellent for what you get. Overall this is a really good rib spot in Kitchener, I wouldn't mind coming back to try to pulled pork.
Food GREAT.....service...VERY friendly.....it was so fast that they were here when we hung up the phone lol.  Also the Brunswick stew is the best I've ever had....will be going a lot