We went to this store at 8 pm they close at 10pm they were out of dark meat in crispy, they had no mac and cheese made.  they did let us get some extra chicken because we wanted three sides of mac and cheese.  The people who woked here tried very hard but just didnt seem to know what was going on.  We went in for two 10 peice buckets and it took us more then a half hour to get what we needed..  this is the second time we had been there and the service was terrible both times.
The last time I went in there I observed: cross contamination, unfriendly service(no two part greeting), dirty rag BUCKETS left ON THE COUNTER where they set the tongs for serving food, no hand washing by employees, and confusion with my order although it was a simple one consisting of 12 strips.
Also, another customer came in while I was waiting and asked if they could prioritize her order because she was in a hurry. They said yes, but it resulted in a lot of confusion between employees which drastically slowed service time. The customer complained about the wait, which resulted in an indifferent response from a employee. He said "if you wanted your order faster you should have called it in". He said this with an attitude. Then he turned to me and asked if I thought he handled that correctly, and I said no. 
In the end, being a former employee of this establishment, I was very disappointed with the cleanliness and customer service.
This location does not have good service. Went through drive-through and they forgot our drinks and our sides. While they were preparing what they forgot, we could see another girl who had her back to us and it was obvious that she was on her phone. Any other KFC would be better.
I know I shouldn't expect much from BK, but this location is ridiculous.  You really shouldn't even THINK of going here during lunch.  They have ONE cash register at the front of the store.  Not just one OPEN register...  they only have one register, usually being operated by the slowest person they employ.

The drive-through is no better.  Cars are backed up into the next parking lot.

If you insist on trying to eat there, I would suggest you go inside to eat, that way, when they invariably get your order wrong, you can throw it directly at them.  If you get drive-through you will end up like me, paying for a double cheeseburger only to get back to your desk and find out that they totally screwed you and only gave you a single.  You will then slam your fists on your desk and start swearing and get called into your boss' office...  at least that's what happened with me. YMMV
RANT:

Madison, get more fast food.  

I don't know how all these kids got through undergrad without a steady supply of fast food places.  My college town was saturated with them.  And it wasn't like an obesity epidemic had been unleashed in the student ghetto.

I guess if you're a certain type, you'd think it's great that Madison forces kids to stay off the big mac meal plan.  I guess it probably is.  But it's certainly a hell of a lot less fucking fun.  Responsibility comes on at an earlier age for badgers.  It's got to when the weather conspires to kill you 3/4ths of the year.
Had a drive for a fast food and decided to stop here. Nothing more, nothing else. Whopper was good. They have a new soda machine - fun to play with
They recently remodeled and it looks really nice inside. They added TVs and all of there registers actually work now (yay!) They hired some new people as well which seems to really be helping this place out.. it still takes forever to get your order  if there busy but at least it's only when there busy because before the new additions to the staff came along I use to go when it was almost completely dead and it would take 15 minutes for me to get my food, so I can tell that there trying but they still have a LONG ways to go.
Great update to your facility, it needed it. As I am used to only getting either my fries hot or my sandwich hot, generally neither at the same time. I was really dissatisfied that not one was hot enough to eat. I physically left my whole meal and tray on the table and walked out. No amount of ketchup could make me eat it. 

Hope they find a great staff so they can warrant spending the money on the upgrade. 

I will probably not go back to this location again.
This is the worst fast food franchise in town.

The drive through is slow.  The food is inconsistent.  The staff are ambivalent.

Averaging over a minute per vehicle in the drive through isn't "fast".  Serving burgers with mere samples of the veggies in the marketing material demonstrates poor attention to detail, if not inventory management problems.  

They can't even consistently pack bags so that the fries stay in their containers.  Why bother with the containers at all if the fries are just going to be scattered throughout the bag?

The franchises in Sun Prairie and De Forest remain "east side" options, but I'm giving up on this location.  Four chances in two years, and they never got it right.
Worst BK I've ever been to. That may not sound so serious considering its a fast food place but its terrible even by fast food standards. Orders take at least 10 minutes to complete and 25 percent of the time they come out wrong. I don't know how but their burgers are the worst, dry and tasteless. Aren't these food products supposed to be foolproof? I thought the renovation would've brought new employees and better service but this shiny apple is rotten inside. Never again.
Thought I would stop at drive thru for quick lunch, twenty minute later with two cars in front of me waiting on there order i decided to leave. Felt bad for the cars in front of me that had already had paid for their food. When I left the car behind me followed as well.  I stopped here a couple of months ago and ordered inside and the wait was probabley just as long but they had money so I waited. I saw that they had remodeled and I hoped the found some new management and employees. The concept of taking one order, then making that order before taking or starting another order is not the concept of the way a fast food restraunt should be run. Change the management and improve service, clean the inside and you might have a viable operation.  The McDonalds down the block does not suffer from this poor management, just suffers from the McDonalds food.
We have gone here in the past year four times and they are always out of ice cream. It doesn't matter the time of day. This last week we went to get ice cream and food. Ordered chicken tenders they were out. OK can we have four cheeseburgers no we are out of buns. Well what can we get, whatever you want. We just left after all that.
Not only the worst BK franchise I've ever been to... but probably the worst-managed restaurant franchise I've ever encountered. It's a like a bad (bad) movie...

OPEN ON two guys and a girl in a GREEN SOUL ordering drive through from Burger King on East Wash. They are hungry, but their order is easy. Just three burgers, twp fries, and one drink.

AUDIO OVER (BK INTERCOM VOICE, with a bored lackluster air): "Okay, drive up to the window."

The CAR pulls up behind two other cars waiting for their orders. And they wait. And wait. And wait. Six minutes later, the first car finally gets their food and drives off.

The CARS pull up closer. And they wait. And wait. And wait.

A few minutes later, two uniformed BURGER KING EMPLOYEES, one man and one woman, exit the restaurant. They hang out in by the waiting CARS in front of the restaurant. Chatting for a few minutes, then amble back into the restaurant.

The CARS continue to wait. Minutes more pass.

Two more BURGER KIND EMPLOYEES, two women, exit the store with a TODDLER in tow, but they are carrying huge bags of BK food.

The DRIVER of the GREEN SOUL, "This is ridiculous, we've been waiting over 10 minutes, I'm getting out of here.  Mickey D's is right over there.... Wait... Hey, are those BK employees carrying out FOOD?!"

BURGER KING EMPLOYEE #1, puts up her arm carrying a huge bag of TAKEOUT and uses her body to physically block the GREEN SOUL from leaving. The TODDLER wanders aimlessly and dangerously around the parking lot.

The CAR in front of the GREEN SOUL receives their order finally, and drives off. The CAR waiting for food behind the SOUL peels out of line, barely missing the wandering TODDLER.

BURGER KING EMPLOYEE #1 (shouting at the CASHIER through the window): "How long have these nice people been waiting?! 

CASHIER (searching for the order ticket): "Um... 15 minutes."

BK EMPLOYEE #1 (shouting): "Well, give them two free ice creams for making them wait so long!"

SOUL PASSENGER #1 (quietly): "It's okay, we just want the food we ordered.... And, besides, there are three of us. Not two."

BK EMPLOYEE (angrily shouting through the cashier window): "Just get them some ice cream... they were almost going to leave, you guys are so slow. Lucky I stopped them. You're the manager. Manage!"

A few more minutes pass. One single ICE CREAM is passed through the window to the waiting passengers. Then, finally, a BAG with the burgers and fries arrives. The GREEN SOUL drives off down East Wash. Watching carefully to be sure the wandering TODDLER isn't in the way.

SOUL PASSENGER takes a bite out of his burger, and spits it out into a napkin: "Oh my god! How in the hell did they ruin a Whopper, for chrissakes!? 

SOUL DRIVER: What's wrong with it?

SOUL PASSENGER #1: "It's cold. And I mean cold. It doesn't taste like meat. It's just rubbery and tasteless... and where's the char-broiled taste? Did they forget to add it? The cheese is in no way melted. There's a wilted mass of white lettuce core shoved in the middle, like a bad surprise. The bun crusty and stale.... do I need to go on--?

SOUL PASSENGER #2, sampling a french fry: "And my fries are soggy and cold, too.... and no ketchup packets in the bag. And my bun's stale, too!"

SOUL DRIVER starts to laugh: "that was so bad, I expected cameras to come out of the door next, 'smile, you're on candid camera!"

SOUL PASSENGER #1: "Or 'Punked."

SOUL PASSENGER #2: "We were punked, all right. Let's ditch this sorry excuse for food and order Culver's... the food is always hot and delicious there. And the staff is nice and helpful, too.

The GREEN SOUL exits East Wash, and on the way into CULVER'S, PASSENGER #1 exits the vehicle, and throws the BK bags of food away in the CULVER'S garbage can. 

SOUL PASSENGER #2 getting back into the car: "Never again."

SOUL PASSENGER #1 and SOUL DRIVER: "Never again!"

THE END.
I am 95% sure I acquired a nasty food based illness here. I ate some of the chicken nuggets, and within 2 hours I was terribly ill, vomiting the entire contents of my stomach into my kitchen sink because I was not able to get to the bathroom. 

It was that bad. 

As for the service, the 'help' if you can call it that clearly did not want to be working at the place, and I observed several questionable hygiene related issues in regards to how the staff handled themselves - and the food. 

How was I able to do this, you ask? Well good reader, the reason is that I was standing for 10 minutes at the counter waiting for my order, a Hamburger, a single order of chicken nuggets, a baked potato, and a large soft drink. I had ample time to observe these things. 

I know only the most 'interesting' person would actually enjoy working at a fast food place, but the help here set a new bar of horribleness - if the bar was buried 3 feet into the ground that is. 

Add in the for lack of a better term - 'wiped out' dining room which was filthy, and you get fast food hell. Avoid at all costs - go to another Wendy's - any other Wendy's.
Don't even want to give this place any stars. I found a chunk of tin foil in my burger. I took it up to get a new one and the person didn't say one word to me. No sorry no nothing. Just took the burger, made me a new one and gave it back...without saying one word to me. Customer service is absolutely terrible which is a shame because the food is usually good there.
Not sure what happened to the beef at Wendy's, BUT I have been to this location and the fish hatchery location and the newer thicker beef patties have a strange old meat flavor. Not sure when or if I will go back. This used to be a favorite. Very disappointed. I wish they would go back to the old style of burgers.
Wow this place is the suck.  We ate there twice.  The first time the tofu was massively burned to a crisp and the second time I found a rusty fishing hook in my pasta bowl.  WTF??  I've eaten at other locations and they are just fine, but this one must have bad staff and management problems because they are the SUCK.  Stay away.
Good food, reasonable prices. I've been to the location on Univ avenue and it's pretty good.
I like the East town location. Good food, love the ability to eat on the patio.
Location is a lot different than the downtown one, crazy busy around the lunch hour...but the food...oh the food!  There is nothing like the indo peanut.  It may not be authentic, but it is delicious, for sure.  Worth a stop - be extra nice to the staff, they are awesome.
I love Noodles & Company, and fact being this one is only a few miles away from my home when I drive back from work - I always call in for a pick up. My penna rosa is the best from here.
I might have found a new addiction. I can't count the number of times I visited Noodles and Company while I was in Madison. I loved it so much that I emailed them to see if they would open one in Auburn. Only time will tell.

I really only tried their Asian menu. I tried the Japanese udon noodles and the Vietnamese peanut saute, with the later being my favorite. I've had the Pad Thai in the past- when I lived in Columbia MO, and I remember that being excellent as well.

It is fast food but really doesn't feel like it. The food comes to you after you are seated in fine white china. Everything I've tried has been wonderfully made and essentially everything on their menu is vegetarian. You can add a protein if you desire. The only blah item was the Flatbread. 

I have visited three different locations in Madison. This one is a bit smaller than the one on University but it is still great. The employees keep the tables clean and are always willing to help.

I love Noodles. I know I'll be back a few more times before headed back to my village of Auburn.
Always a family favorite!  Tastes great, cheap, and filling!
Wonderful as always. It's our go-to for a quick bite to eat. Your kids will like the Wisconsin Mac n Cheese. Mine do.
It's been 5 years since I've been here ya'll!  The last time I was here I bit down on what appeared to be a rusty piece of metal resembling a fish hook.  However, because we like to live life on the edge we decided to go here again this last weekend.  

I didn't have any noodle dishes this time though, I tried the strawberry spinach salad minus the blue cheese and bacon.  It was really, really good.  Everything tasted fresh and the balsamic fig dressing was delicious.   My dining companion and the minor had the Indonesian noodle bowl with tofu, and the thai bowl.  They both seemed to enjoy their dishes.  

Guess what?  No one got forked with a piece of metal this time!!!  Indications for going back look good.
I go here all the time (about 4 times a month) and i have never had a bad meal or bad service.
I love Noodles but this location is going downhill fast. They undercook/ overlook my chicken every time. They are also getting good at under boiling noodles!
Food is always great tasting and ready in no time! Also they have a great variety of pastas and sandwiches.  Can't say enough about how awesome this place is!
Hidden vegan item bursting with flavor that even the most zealous carnivore could endure: Whole Grain Tuscan Linguine sans cream topped with tofu. Giggity. 

If you've not had the pleasure of sinking your chompers into their Ride Krispy Treat, you're not living life to the fullest. I'm convinced the generous wedge of ooey gooey marshmallowy goodness is straight out of an angelic bake sale recipe book. I don't want the secret - I just want them to never stop - ever.
I think this might be the only place in the area that consistently gets my order right.  I always get take out so I can't speak to the dine-in experience.  My food is always fresh, the proper temperature, nicely packaged and correct.  This location in particular has been very pleasant.
Highlights/lowlights 

1) lots of gluten free options
2) quick

Noodles and Company may not come to mind immediately when you are looking for a fast gluten free lunch or dinner....well it should! Noodles and Co. Offers rice noodles   
And gluten free corn pasta. Oh the possibilities! You can substitute most of the regular dishes with the rice noodles or g free pasta (not the macaroni and cheese though as the sauce has gluten). The pad thai is gluten free as is so you don't even need to make substitutions. This location has one of those awesome soda machines with every coke product flavor you can dream of 
Bring on the diet cherry coke!

The East Towne location service was really friendly, however there were tons of dirty tables. I understand not cleaning them as quickly when you are slow (I was there for dinner around 8:30pm on a week night) but 7-8 dirty tables with nobody walking around to clean them is kind of gross as the location is small. 

Overall not a bad place for a quick lunch or dinner with plenty of gluten free options.
Grabbed lunch here while passing thru while out of town. Good service, and the fare I've come to expect from Noodles locations.
Dining room is a little dingy for a chain. Ripped seat cushions and a messy condiment bar. Drive through does not get orders exact ( e.g. Ask to hold the cheese ensures a hamburger with cheese).
This location used to be an absolute hole.  They recently renovated both the interior and the exterior, and now it's a very pleasant, good-looking store.

However, it's still Wendy's food.  And that's only okay.
Okay, a Sonic is a Sonic, right?  Burgers, fries, shakes, etc. That's true here, but I'm sure you knew that going in. 

What I'm stumping for here is their new Premium Beef Hot Dogs. For fast food hot dogs, these dogs are pretty tasty noms. Seriously.

Let's discuss my favorite: The Chicago Dog.  Sure, they offer a New York Dog, a Baja Dog, and a couple others, but the Chicago Dog is totally the one to get.  It has the requisite mustard, relish, tomato, peppers, and pickle spear, but what really makes this thing worth buying is the amazing, soft, delectable poppy-seed bun.  Y. U. M.

Yes, I cannot say enough good things about this gluten-laden delight of a hot dog cradle, because it's so UNLIKE the normal fare you'd get at Sonic. Crushed, mushy buns are pretty much accepted across the lines of all burger joints, but when one of those joints gets a lowly hot dog bun nailed PERFECTLY, well, then that's something.  Add to that the decently delicious ingredients (beef dog, condiments), and it's a winner for me.

Yes, I know Ted's is kinda the hot dog king around here, but I gotta tell you, this Chicago dog is worth a try.
This place is all hype and nothing memorable. Burgers and hot dogs were not A or even B quality. I had to try it since it was late and pretty few restaurants were open at this hour. If you come here just for the tater tots, then maybe I can understand. Wait, NOPE. Go to In n Out before coming here or even Whattaburger which is right across the street. Still better than Sonic. 

Hot dogs = terrible. I'd rather have Nathan's or Weinerschnitzel. Too thin and no flavor. 

Now I can say I've tried it and I'll never be coming back here. I think the only thing they have going for them is the ability to customize your drink flavors if you get a slushie. I can see college students packing this place but why when you can find other fast-food joints at the same price.
I've never had a hard time at a sonic before, except for this location. They barely speak English, they don't know their own menu, and they messed up my order 2 times. Come on, your job can not be that confusing...
I am a total fan of their drinks....and even a bigger fan of being able to get large drinks for 99 cents before noon and they are half price every day between 2-4pm.  
Their slushes are my favorite (lemon-berry especially) but occasionally I have to get a cherry lime...for ol' times sake...
This is one of the few places that can make me a pineapple malt when I am in need.

You can stop in at 9am and get breakfast or their burgers...they offer their full menu all day.  Their food is ok.  Often I get a craving for some tater tots or their french toast sticks.  More often than not I order one of their kids packs with a slush and go on my merry way....
Consistently good and the best service for any fast food chain!  Our server was friendly, enthusiastic, appreciative and professional - a winning combination!  

I love the Cherry Limeade...so delicious, every time!
My wallet misses half-price milkshakes. But my waistline sure doesn't. I come here once every week or two for a chocolate fudge peanut butter milkshake. You only live once and if it kills me, I'll die with a smile on my face.

The kids that work here are always super nice. Tip them a few cents. They're working hard!
I have been going to this location since I started my job in the area in December. In the morning this location offers large drinks for a dollar. I get the same thing every time I go there; mango iced tea. I noticed the first time I went that it came to $1.29. I did not have time to dispute it as I had to go to work. I went multiple times after that and the cost was $1.07. The server/manager a tall guy w/blind hair (I never remember to get his name) is always pleasant. However this morning I went and they charged me $1.29. I brought this to the attention of the server (whom's name I can't recall) an older shorter lady w/ long black hair. She was very nice and went inside to double check with the manager who's name is Anna. She came back out and said the manager was charging me for the mango flavor. The manager did not even have the customer service skills to come out and soak to me herself. I paid the amount however was not pleased with the manager. I may well try this location again and if they charge incorrectly again I will not return, and make a report to their corporate office since this specific manager is clearly not customer oriented.
delicious like always, they are getting a little pricey but still good...
Two attempts to get the food we ordered. Not a smooth running process. Carhops not checking on orders after delivered. Bathrooms a bit on the yucky side. Been to  a lot of well run Sonics. This one could use a refresher on service and cleanliness. Food was okay.
Very convenient and close by when cooking just isn't going to happen. Love the tacos and grilled sandwiches. There loyalty card is the bomb. Something free for joining and something free for your birthday. The service is awesome most of the time.
Sign up for the card, you get something free when you do. Okay that's all I have to say about a Jack in the Crack restaurant.
Jack?! What the heck? You weren't on your A-game last night.

I hastily ordered seasoned, curly fries and 3 egg rolls yesterday evening after a rough day at work. Okay, and a cheeseburger. And, Sprite. I had a bad day - don't judge!

I arrived home in Fountain Hills and tore open my grease-splattered, hot bag of treats. My eggrolls were not in the bag but yet I was charged. Grrr - hate when that happens. Drive-thru lady was friendly but needs to double check bag orders to not piss off drive-thru patrons.

Plus my fries tasted like they were sitting in the warmer for awhile. Dry and crunchy. Don't be lazy staff - dump and start again. Please! :)
Ok Im giveing Del Taco one more chance....

I go in what is your best chicken Idem....

um Burrito or taco? he asks

Have you had the Burrito?

no....I haven't had ethier...

Have any one eaten anything here? I ask the rest of the resturant crew....they All shake there heads no....

ok so even if the food was discounted or free no one should ever eat del taco.....regardless I did eat a burrito.....

and my worst fears where confirmed....I could have dumpster dove at a taco bell and gotten better food......

Feed me bad food once, shame on you.....Feed me bad food 4 times Shame on ME....
Normally I love Del Taco, so I figured I would try out their breakfast burrito before a road trip up north. Bad call.

First of all, I had to repeat my order three times. Breakfast burrito meal with coffee. Not a tough one, and no special order.

When I get up to the window, the guy tells me they are out of hot coffee. WHA? It's 9am. However, he said they can give me an iced vanilla coffee instead. Sure, fine, whatever.

I hand over my debit card and what do you know, they are charging me to use it. Great. I am now paying 23% more because they are cheap-scates.

I get my bag of food and pull away, only to find out that I didn't get the meal.. I got a coffee and the burrito, but no hash brown sticks. BOO! Well, I am certainly not going back to try and explain myself, especially since I already scraped my tire trying to get closer to the window that is 5 feet away from the curb.

Oh, and to top it all off, the burrito and the coffee were gross.

No way, jose.
Del Taco is the best fast food taco place by far..this place blows Taco H(b)ell out of the water, and two Del Classic Chicken Burritos for 5 bucks. INSANE!!!!

So I had a craving the other night around 1:30 in the morning so I started to think outside the box...:) then I remembered!!! Read my reviews of Taco Bell for further explanation. 

So Jack in the box's grease filled 99 cent tacos just didn't seem appealing to me. So I drove way out of my way to go to the nearest Del Taco. So I got the 2 Del classic Chicken burritos and two chicken soft taco's they were all delicious, and they also have these new jalapeno rings which are like onion rings except they are hot jalapenos they are so good. I am seriously hooked on these bad boys!!!

All in all Del Taco filled the void that was in my stomach. I really enjoyed this place would have to say this is more of like a 3 and a half star place though the do lose some stars because It took a while to make my order for a fast food joint and was still a bit pricey besides the 2 for 5 deal. Yelp needs a half a star system. I would say 3 1/2 stars!!
I used to like Del Taco but seriously? I heard the drive thru people having trouble because of the thick accent of the server and even though there was only one couple ahead of me, it took me ten minutes to get two tacos and a burrito. If I didn't have a coupon, I wouldn't have gone. I'll be throwing the other coupons in the trash. Just not worth the aggravation.
Let's see.....
89 cents at Taco Bell for a taco that has cheese like sprinkles on a cupcake, or a Baja soft taco that has FIVE pieces of tomato in it? 

YOU
MUST
BE
JOKING.

Compare your Baja soft taco to the picture sometime and feel free to yell at the counterperson. Yes this happened. Taco Bell should be sued for complete misprepresentation!!

MEANWHILE at Del Taco..... 

39 cents for a balanced taco with a decent amount of cheese and delicious medium ("Scorcho") sauce --- THE CHOICE IS CLEAR. Plus the deluxe tacos are CHOCK FULL. I usually get 4 regular tacos and end with 2 deluxe ones.
I've had the double cheeseburger once, nothing impressive there. It wants to be an In 'n' Out Double-Double, but it falls short, like when you were a kid and wanted Levi's 505's for Christmas and end up getting Sears jeans.
Come for the cheap tacos and LOAD UP I SAY!
The burritos are OK too.
Should have known right away to get out of here after drive through woman had to ask whether they use white or dark meat in their chicken burrito. She assured me it was all white, but she was all-wrong as a giant piece of thigh meat spliled out of the poorly constructed item upon opening. This was one nasty burrito that went untouched. Crinkle cut fries were goo reheated, but that's about it from this taco hell hole.
My absolute favorite thing was getting their large fries served in one of their large drink cups. I stopped eating here for a year and came back to large fries served in a regular bag now. I regret not taking more advantage of it while it was still around.
Came here for some tacos with my girls, that's what they were craving. I don't know why this location got so many low reviews, but as soon as we came in it was a good experience. Was immediately greeted. Tables were clean and had a basket of all the sauces they offer including ketchup! They took our order, and even took our tray of food to us when it was ready, we didn't wait long.

The bathrooms were decent and parking was easy since they had their own lot. The view while eating is people washing and vacuuming their cars at the car was next door. All in all a good food trip, for 50 cent tacos, we'll be back!
The only problem I've ever had here was they once gave me taco sauce hotter than I like. They always greet me with a friendly greeting at the speaker and the window. They've always gotten my order right. Good, fresh food. Can't pass up the Taco Tuesday deal.
Came here to grab a breakfast burrito. Wanted to know what was on the Steak and Potato burrito. Cashiers response "uh steak and potato, I don't know, I'm not a cook" wow really!!!?!? What if I had a food allergy and needed to know what was in it for that purpose? A better response would have been. "I don't know, let me find out for you" I guess I shouldn't expect great customer service from a young punk working a fast food window.
I know. You are reading this and wanting to ridicule me for giving a high rating to a big box chain fast food joint. But before you judge I want you to think about having late meetings, or a busy night where you're at work, then the gym, then off to meet friends. Before you know it, it's late and you haven't had some food. Jack in the Box is the cure to this. Bonus is they don't have a specific time for breakfast or lunch... they offer curly fries and they have plenty of offerings that I don't have to specify no tomato on. This isn't by any means my favorite place, but at 3am, it's a great option.
Similar to the most recent review, I have to preface this with a "I know you're reading this and thinking 'why the heck did this person give a fast food chain restaurant a good review'"... There's always a reason behind the madness.

I dined here late-night after getting into Phoenix later-than-expected, due to a flight delay. With apparently nothing else in the vicinity open after 9:50pm on a Friday night, I strutted down Central towards JITB and got there at 10:01pm... their drive through was open, but I did not have a car and the employees were in the process of locking the front doors. One woman responded to my dad's and my attempts to get the attention of the staff and was kind enough to let us in and order some much-needed artery-clogging goodness. 

As if this weren't enough, 4 nights later, our post All-Star Game hunger set in. Again, we arrived at JITB as they were closing up, but upon recognizing us as those lame Californians without a car, the staff let us in once more.

SUMMARY: Service was excellent, staff are all friendly and quality people. Food was typical JITB, but might I say that Sprite I had felt extra cool against that 10pm, 101 degree heat.
This was my first experience eating Jack in the Box since I moved from GA to AZ 2 days ago. The service was horrible! Cashier had attitude when I told her I was still reviewing the menu. When I was ready to place my order she was very rude & sighing as if she needed me to speed up. Then I watched as she prepared her food, placed it on a tray & walked off as my food sat in the window. The drive-thru person came to see if I had been helped & proceeded to bag my food after I told him I was waiting. This place needs better service.
Dear Yoshi's.  You and I go way way back.  Remember that one time I ordered Combo #2 (Teriyaki chicken)?  Oh yeah I mean that was about 500 times.  Remember that time the girl behind the counter was puzzling over my request for some Gomasho?  Oh I meant the 500 times (it's ok, eventually she figures out what I'm asking for).  Remember that time Kirk and I saw a cockroach hanging out near the bathrooms?  It really happened!  But only one time did I see it.  Don't get defensive now, Yoshi's, but please take care of that problem if you haven't already.  It's ok, we will still do business together---especially if you keep your prices moderate.  I'll still order Dragon chicken.  I'll still brave your parking lot, fending off the odd transient here and there.  It's nice to know you'll always be there for some decent japanese style food at a moderate price.
I am not really sure why people keep going back to Yoshi's!  I ate it once.  ONCE.  It was right across the street from work (the Indian School & Central location) and everyone went there everyday.  So, I figured I would try it.

Now, I ordered chicken, but I'm really not sure what meat it was OR what part of the chicken it was from.  It was really string-fatty-grizzly.  Teriaki sauce was good and the rice was ok, if a bit *too* sticky for my liking.
I now know how my Hispanic friends feel about Taco Bell. It was almost embarrassing being the only Asian person in the place.  
I went to Yoshi's Restaurant trying to stay as unbiased as possible.  I try and give all restaurants a shot, why not its close to my house.  

I can't give a three star review because Yoshi's is below average, 1 Star for keeping the place some what clean and 1 star because I'm nice.  The food seems to be inspired by Japanese cuisine but is a poor example for food quality and texture and taste.   

I do not recommend people subject themselves to this type of food. Japanese chiefs pride themselves on the quality, taste and presentation of its food, there are a few restaurants located with in a few miles.
I'm really torn on the number of stars this rating should be.  We didn't go inside, so I can't really judge the place.  The drive-thru was full of pigeons having sex which made me tense and uncomfortable.  I didn't have to wait in the Aviary Burlesque House for too long before you took my order and let me get up to the window.  I thought the prices were high for cheap asian food but the quantity was there.  

The egg rolls were probably the best I've ever eaten.  I hate egg rolls but I would order one of those again.  My orange chicken, however, was tough and rubbery.  The orange flavor was fine, but those pieces of meat had been sitting out a LOOOONG time.  Too bad too...

I may go back and try something else in the future...but for now, you suck.
Yoshi's was not bad, but it wasn't really that good either.  It get's three stars though for the delicious egg rolls.  They were big and packed with pork and veggies.  Good stuff, but pretty greasy.  The rest of the menu was fairly so-so.  The options were pretty much chicken or beef covered in some kind of sauce.  I got the yakisoba noodle bowl with chicken.  It was actually pretty good once you mixed it around.  The noodles were mixed with veggies like carrots, zucchini, cabbage, and onions and drenched in a very tangy citrus soy sauce.  The chicken however, was just placed on top with no sauce or anything.  Kind of weird.  I enjoyed it until about half way through when the sauce became too much for me to handle.  I'll just drain in next time.  I will probably be back, but maybe just to order way too many eggrolls to gorge on.
Still trying to find my go-to noodle bowl place after visiting Yoshi's. This place looked dive-ish, but some of the best dishes come from places that look just like this. We went through the drive-thru around 8pm last Wednesday. The inside looked closed as the chairs were all stacked on the tables, but the drive-thru was buzzing. 

My friend and I both got the Yakisoba noodle bowl with chicken. I also ordered an order of Gyoza. Both bowls and Gyoza came to $11.00 with tax. Pretty decent prices I thought. 

We got back to my house, opened up the white wine, and camped out on the couch with our dinners. The sauce was pretty good- kind of a citrus soy. The noodles were good, even if average. Veggies and chicken were okay too. I guess the whole bowl was just okay. I was really craving the noodles and it shouldn't be hard to make good noodles at a Noodle place. The Gyoza were alright too- kind of crunchy around the edges. The sauce served with them were good though. 

All in all, not my dream dinner, but just okay. Would probably drive-thru again if I was in the area and didn't feel like cooking that night.
I wasn't to impressed by the building but the location was convenient and the other location was not at the moment. I was the only customer in this big place! I had the chicken Yakasoba. It was all thigh meat. It was okay. There was a healthy percentage of fresh vegetables in the dish to make it a balanced meal. The cost was comparable to having a burger meal but a nice change. It's still not the noodle oasis I was seeking. I have had better Yakasoba but I'll return at least once to try the Teriyaki at some point and the other location.
I would say it is comparable to Kyoto Bowl.  This particular location has a drive-thru window.  The menu is pretty basic, nothing too special.  Low price for a quick, fast-food lunch.

The exterior is kind of dingy, can't elaborate on the inside.

3-star for a Fast-Food Japanese bowl place.
So being from Seattle, I'm kind of a Teriyaki afficionado (sp?) I have lived in the valley for 5 year now, after moving back from Italy. I've always lived near Central, and no further North of Camelback or South of Osborn. What a great find in Yoshi's, let me tell you. I have been completely hooked on the teriyaki chicken and rice bowl. The chicken is grilled (like it's supposed to be), the rice is well done and the sauce is just right. Those are the three things that really make a good teriyaki.  BONUS: They even have a drive through! Now I will say that I've never had anything else on the menu, but this is the best teriyaki I've had in the valley hands down. And where else can you eat a great lunch that's not fast food for 5 bucks????
saturday afternoon: after a busy morning of "Total.Hangover.Cure" induced shopping at the saturday market and then an eventful trip to Trader Joe's my buddy Polo and I were getting apprehensive with Hunger. I was eager to take him somewhere that would fit his requirements (cheap/plentiful) so that he wouldnt embarass me like he had at a "colorful" brunch my brother and I had taken him to at FEZ, which ended in him loudly and unapologetically complaining about portion sizes and price. My best bud Polo is a big dude, and accordingly a rather big penny pincher. I was driving us back to my pad when we passed Yoshi's on central, "whats that place?" he says, "oh, just like this japanese fast food place, it's slightly better than kyoto bowl.." he nearly grabbed the steering wheel outta my hands.
I veered into the drive thru, ordered a chicken yakisoba bowl for him, and a chicken curry for myself. As we waited for our orders a group of elderly folks strolled by, donna summer was playing on the radio, impulsively i blasted her sweet disco melodies as loud as my car speakers would allow, and we had an improtu dance party in my car as they stared in horror and confusion. the gal who worked at yoshi's opened the drive thru window, laughed and handed us our orders. We took my groceries and our Yoshi's bowls back to my pad, had a quick refresher, and dug into our Yoshi's bowls as we watched always sunny and spent the rest of the afternoon with full belly's of joy. Yoshi's is an easy, fast, and fairly decent alternative to panda or KytBwl, i'll be back soon most likely.
Well, I was driving between work locations and in need of a quick lunch when I saw Yoshi's through the windshield.  I thought I remember hearing this was owned by the same guy who did Yasu Sushi (which is sublime) so I went in despite the large Pepsi banner outside.  I should have known just by that a lackluster experience was about to be had...
I ordered the spicy dragon beef bowl and gyoza and an iced tea :)  The beef had an interesting flavor akin to melted plastic.  I kept waiting for the spicy to kick in but it never did.  The gyoza were cold, yet amazingly enough they were crunchy enough to chip teeth if you weren't careful.
The tea wasn't bad...
Repulsive. It's plain white rice with Teriyaki sauce and some disgusting bits of chicken. I made the mistake of not ordering the bowl "white meat only" and ended up with a bowl of fat, gristle, skin, cartilage, and odd-tasting bits that I couldn't identify. This is a $6 bowl of disgusting crap. I'm told that the "white meat only" option is important. I don't care. Nobody should serve that, ever. 

If you want a decent teriyaki bowl that won't make you want to vomit, go to Costco and get their frozen bowls. I can't remember the brand, but it's got veggies, delicious white meat (with a lot of flavor), rice, and sauce. It comes out to about $1.30 per bowl. 

I'm eager to finish this review so that I can stop thinking about that disgusting bowl. So that's all.
Service is a solid 2, food maybe a 3.5. Rounding up since the $2 happy hour Teriyaki Bowl is a pretty good deal and it's right up the street from my ivory tower. 

Considering there aren't many options for me and my half hour lunches downtown, could be a lot worse.
The teriyaki bowl with white meat is good.  It's not knock your socks off but I go there weekly to get my rice bowl fix on.

The lunch service is pretty fast which is a big plus.
It's fine. 

I miss the Yoshi's of old, though. They used to make the sushi rolls as you ordered them. The Yoshi Roll was the best!! They still make them, but they are never available (and they are called Chicken rolls now). I asked why and they only make 2 orders worth in the morning and they go fast.  That to me says MAKE MORE ROLLS.
Not sure why everyone is so harsh about this place.  You have to set appropriate expectations when visiting a place like this.  The restaurant was dated, but clean, the staff was super friendly and quite helpful and the food was reasonably priced and pretty tasty.  We sat outside with our furry friend and enjoyed ourselves for a quick bite to eat when we didn't feel like cooking.
Pretty darn good teriyaki bowls .. and at a cheap price !! Miso soup was 99 cents and pretty good with added soy sauce .. I will be back to try other items ...

2$ happy hour chicken bowls 3-5 pm!! Cant beat that !!!
This is by far one best McDonalds I've ever been to!

French Fries are always fresh & HOT, drive through is always fast, special orders are completed by the time I get to the final window, and the most important thing - my order is always correct when I get home or to the office.

Drive through is open 24 hours for those late night cravings.

They even have a charging station for your electric vehicle and a large indoor playground for the kids.
Now this is one fancy treat! I went to this mcdonalds late saturday night and almost blew out my britches from the terrible burger king the night before when I realized how good the golden arche's prices treat ya! With the cost of gas more than your neighbors flapjack its hard to imagine how they cram all that chicken in each nuggy and keep it only a dollar to add on to ANY combo meal. 5 stars!
Ok, I'm not gonna lie.  I feel a bit silly reviewing a McDonalds, but you have to give credit where it's due.  The five stars goes to the morning crew.  There have been many mornings where i have been hungry on the way to work, so i succumb to the temptation of the golden arches.
I used to be intimidated if there are four or five cars in line.  Not at this place.  And not only are they SUPER fast, it's ALWAYS fresh and delicious.  I'll often pick up egg and cheese mcmuffins for some of my coworkers and we all agree.  They must have magic elves in the kitchen because these are the best mcmuffins e.v.e.r.  
I also think they must have some sort of mind control device that causes your time to speed up while their time slows down, because on more than one occasion, I've barely had to stop my car because there they are, window open, beverage and bag in hand, smile and "have a nice day" on their lips.  
The pm crew leaves a bit to to be desired, but the morning crew has me at hello.
I'm a social worker who visits homes in central Phoenix and this is my go to McDonald's when I need a cheap coffee or if I need to use the bathroom. This is the cleanest/safest McDonald's in the area and I never hesitate to stay here to do work if I'm feeling too cheap to hit up Starbucks. I've encountered the occasional weirdo, but I don't feel too bad when a non-weirdo is sitting on the other side of me. There are also TVs that usually play CNN or FOX (not sure). It's nice to hear the news while I'm sitting inside doing case notes! Highly recommend this location!
Worst McD's in the world wide Franchise!!! I live down the road and they consistently serve old, soggy fries!  The workers consistently sound irritable and commonly get your order wrong.  I usually would not waste my time reviewing a McD's but after 10+ visits to this McD's I am thoroughly dissatisfied.  Do your self a favor and drive down the road to the next McD.  Especially if you want hot, fresh, crispy McDonald's Fries!
Occasionally I just feel like going out for just basic breakfast, i come to this particular MacDonald's.  It's a place to have a big breakfast and watch some of the interesting people that you now are regulars among others. It's always clean and the service pretty quick. it's by no means and exciting venue!   is okay for what it is.  I am not a big breakfast eater so it serves the purpose when I am in that particular mood.

When I am traveling I often go to a MacDonald's for breakfast.  I usually need to eat something and can count on pretty standard fare and a decent price.  If it's just before catching a plane in the morning, a Greek meal that I might prefer first thing in the morning might not set well at takeoff as a big breakfast..
This McDonalds is terrible 
They want to nickel and dime u for everything now they are even trying to charge for expresso in  their Ice Mochas which should come with a set amount as they always did 
Management sucks they always screw up at this location 
We will not return which is unfortunate because its right around the corner from where we work and are regular customers
I come here when my fiance who is pregnant craves french fries after having extreme food aversion to anything we try to eat at home. Usually it is pretty quick even though there are lines in the drive-thru as usual.

I decided to Yelp this place today though because it is either extreme coincidence or racism that occurs each time I go. I honestly don't care either way, but I think it is interesting to report..

I am a Caucasian adult male, and I commonly have African American adult males ringing me up or handing me the GIANT bag for the one order of french fries. Every single time so far they avoid looking at me, don't ask me if I need anything or any questions, and beyond that they literally do not say a WORD. Even when I say 'thank you' before I leave it is ignored.

Today though, which is also why I wanted to write a review, FOR THE FIRST TIME, I was asked if I wanted ketchup, and my fiance didn't want any, but I was glad that someone thought about how they never give you anything, not even salt, on the side, and wanted to make sure the order was okay. The funniest joke about this was that he was an older Caucasian adult male. He even responded when I said 'thank you'. That is what made the difference of treatment stand out to me. I always assume fast food workers won't say a word, but this particular experience painted a weird picture over the different visits.

I wish I would have asked his name. I think people deserve credit for doing things like that, it is exhausting to have to keep that energy with every customer all day.
It is so unhealthy and gross! the chicken there isn't even real. YUCK!!!
The staff is friendly and always make sure ur order is right. The food is done very fast and it taste great.
Slow. Wrong order and didn't ask if i wanted cream and sugar. Saw one guy walking around aimlessly looking at the register. Wont be coming back.
I went to this restaurant, located in Scottsdale, thinking that it would be a big deal. Well, I hadn't seen the little "$" sign earlier and arrived there discovering that the raving is on point.  The fries were great. The burgers churned out by the dozen with amazing consistency.  I guess the owners name is Ronald and he's an odd looking fellow...maybe European as he looked a little eccentric to be American.  I'll definitely be back and hope to meet the owner and chef.
Oh jeez I hate it when spring roles around and the drive through starts to smell... If you go to the drive through, be ready to keep your windows up because the grease box in the back STINKS... ugh - going through in a convertible to satisfy my oreo blizzard jones was enough to ruin my appetite. 

Service is OK except in two cases, which unfortunately happen often: 1) a crowd of people inside; or 2) some in front at the drive through ordering multiple items. 

To be fair, all the ice cream items (why order anything else at DQ?) are fine, as good as any other DQ. But the outside stench at the drive through and slow service limit me to only two stars.
Peanut.
Buster.
Parfait.
The.
End.
They have closed this location.  To bad because I'll miss it.  The parking was terrible but I dealt with it since I hate drive throughs.
I was out on errands today when suddenly I came upon this Church's, so of course I slammed on the brakes & whipped in here!     :-))

The bathroom was clean & provided paper towels to wash up for lunch & get out with your hands clean.

Having one of their often-mailed coupons on hand, I ordered a Two-Piece Meal, which produced a (Spicy) chicken leg, a big thigh, a cup of mashed potatoes & gravy, & a biscuit plus spread.  The staff was friendly, the dining room comfortable, the food delicious, & it was a pleasure to eat here today where everything was right!

2-Piece Leg & Thigh Lunch Special:  $1.99!
I don't typically review fast food chains but this location just asked for it. I wish I could give one star for this sorry excuse for a fried chicken chain. Not only do they have the WORST customer service ever (well, okay maybe not ever - I think Long Wong's MIGHT still have a slight edge) but they always forget the jalapeos. I mean, ALWAYS. Why is that?!?! And be warned - in this digital age, this company is a dying breed. They absolutely WILL NOT accept digital coupons, it MUST be in paper with NO exceptions. Even when the digital coupons have a coupon code printed in bright red on the top left hand corner and no barcode. Apparently their staff isn't bright enough to tip-tap-type these codes into the magical box of buttons and numbers to make the coupon effective. LAME. After my now second horrible experience at this Church's location, I'm Popeye's 4 LIFE!
Really slow on drive thru my husband and i sat in our car for maybe over 15min. and the past two times I've been there they had no ranch or honey. 
A real horrible experience, never again will I go there.
Kentucky Grilled Chicken.
Nuff Said.
This KFC SUCKS! 2night the drive thru clerk asked,"Like to try our grilled wings?" I said "yes." She said, "sorry- we don't have any." WTF?
DO NOT go to the KFC on 7th ave and Thomas, we didnt learn the first time when they gave us the wrong order, but this time we went again since we were between classes at PC, we ordered our food and Alexander took our order, the chubby hispanic woman was getting it together and was busy talking loud and talking to her co workers, we got our order and decided to eat there, our order was wrong and Alexander tells her hey you got the order wrong, she starts YELLING saying no I didnt you did, we said look on our reciept he got it right, he shows her the screen and says see, then she YELLS well it says 2 3 piece dinner and he goes yeah but it says original and the other grilled, then she YELLS again and says its not my fault HUMMM if you got the wrong order since you were busy talking and not paying attention it IS YOUR FAULT, he says sorry, and she gets our order, we started eating and not even 2 mins go by when someone goes up and says my order is wrong SHE DID IT AGAIN and Alexander tells her hey you got another order wrong and she goes back into her mumbling , the food is good if they get your order right
I very rarely eat fast food, but I was craving some crunchy chicken goodness, with a biscuit and slaw. The only think awesome about the place? SPORKS (why haven't they ever become mainstream, the world may never know)! They were OUT of biscuits and dropped my change onto the pavement without offering to make it right. They may be right down the street from me... but I will be sure to stick to local mom and pop shops going forward.
Pros: Quick, friendly service. Consistent food quality. 

Cons: greasy fast food chain in a bad neighborhood
I call it "The Fast Lane".  The kids who work the drive thru here always get it right, are incredibly fast, and unfailingly courteous - without overdone spiels or orchestrated upsells. This is the best of the new (technology, efficiency) combined with the best of the old (steady, hardworking kids, unburdened by consultants  keen on turning them into obnoxious 'sales associates'.)

Understated, bedrock service.  Kudos to the mgr. Your guys and gals do a terrific job.
I do love the quick service and delicious food.  McNuggets are my guilty pleasure.  Today, I went and ordered a large iced tea unsweetened at the drive thru.  Another bonus is the $1 drink.  However, the tea was not fresh.  It was gross and I threw it away.  Shame on you for not keeping fresh tea on hand on a hot day!
Okay, the 5 stars is for one thing and one thing only. My diet coke first thing in the morning. I don't know why McDonald's diet cokes are so good, but they are the best fountain cokes around.

This location is nice in the early mornings to get in and out. Be careful later in the day as the drive thru gets very congested due to the location.
Exemplary customer at drive thru. Very friendly. Great food.
I love this location.  Everyone is really nice.  And the speed of the service is amazing.  You may be the 7th car in the drive-thru, but you will place your order, pay, and receive your food in 5 minutes.  Same goes for when you're inside.  There is limited seated inside, but there's usually not a long line and you get helped and served right away.  Right now I live within walking distance, but if I moved further away and there was another McDonald's that was closer to me, I would still go out of my way to go to this one.
Busy location. Clean and modern interior, same average staff as other locations.
As far as fast food, this place won all the stars. We didn't use the restroom, so I do not know how nice or clean they are, but we were in a hurry and this place fit the bill.

It looks pretty new an neat, I kind of liked the decor.

Our cashier Cathy was super nice and friendly, we used a coupon from the Entertainment Book and it was a breeze.

I took a few steps and it felt like our food was ready within seconds... We had found a nice table and we eat really fast, overall I estimate we spent like 10 minutes there and our order and food must have taken like 2 minutes -see my review about JIB, by Cave Creek and Beardsley : (

Also, I admire people that are attentive to their customer's needs, while we were getting our drinks, I overheard another cashier (Sofia I think) ask a group of customers if they wanted an extra chair, and think she went and got them one from a table nearby... I thought that was really nice.

Also, when I got my coffee the lady that gave it to me made sure I got the cream and sugar I needed (I had a bad experience with this on the McDonalds at Cave Creek and Beardsley once, where they ask you when you place the order and we left just for me to find out my coffee had no cream, no sugar : (

Also, there was a long line at the drive-through, and some times we have had an issue in other places where they help the drive through customers really fast and those that went inside have to wait longer... Does not seem to be an issue here.
This, ladies and gentlemen, is what fast food is supposed to be like. Unhealthy but prompt : )
Stopped here for breakfast on our way to the zoo (volunteering and almost late). We decided to go inside but order to go. 2 minutes, tops.

Hubby got his drink, we stopped back by the counter, I made a comment about the bad idea for the McCrap name (McWrap), and done was our food. We got it and left.

Fast, easy, good parking, friendly service.
I love Bog Macs, but the doctor said that is the absolute worst thing to be eating... I went here last week and the guy was a prick at the window.  I used to love happy meals, it's always fun for kids OCCASIONALLY.  Anyway, descent place to go.
For fast food, list location is pretty nice. They get you in and out pretty quickly and I've never had a problem with the food. It also feels cleaner than most fast food restaurants I've been to. Maybe because it's a fairly newer location. My son would give it five stars because he loves their happy meals. I like their grilled chicken wraps a lot and their coffee is also very good. When I'm craving iced tea you can't beat their $1 pricing. Overall I'm a fan! As good as fast food can get!
This is the best Mcdonalds I have ever been to.  I have never been inside of it, but in the mornings they always have me in and out of the drive thru in under 5 minutes on my way to work.  Often with 6-8 cars in front of me.  Very efficient.
Majority of the time this location is a grade 'A' location, EXCEPT the managers in the morning. Last night my hot carmel mocha was made incorrectly, can't even tell you what it was, but it was cold and disgusting. This has only happened once before and the manager on duty was good at giving the money back to me the next morning when I get off of work. Especially last night 06/21/22 around 915 PM who ever was the supervisor (sorry forgot your name) but you were an absolute sweetheart! You upfront said "My name is _____ and I'm the manager on duty and I take full responsibility"...something so simple like that and understanding without just quickly saying "Oh okay...well we can get you another one" you went over and beyond, but that one statement caught my ear the most! Thank you and keep up the great work sir. I came back to get the refund for the coffee and the "manager" on duty was so careless. I simply let her know "The manager from last night told me to bring back the coffee I ordered last night to get a refund since I was unable to drink this coffee since it was cold and nasty" Her simple response was a quick "Oh ok. Here." - not a "Oh, I'm sorry about that" or nothing. She simply did a promo for a coffee and walked away, whipped her nose with her hand, walked over towards the hash browns and coughed with her mouth wide open, but didn't cover her mouth. I find stuff like that incredibly discussing and if that McDonald's wasn't full of customer's eating I would've called her out on how disgusting she was, sucks for the people who ate from there today...don't be surprised if you get sick. After that nasty mess I stated "So what's going on? You entered another drink, I stated I need a refund"...and her response was "You want a free coffee and and refund" - excuse me? First off - the coffee wasn't free secondly if you were to listen the first time, I stated I was told by the manager from last night to come back for a refund, but instead of being disrespectful and have a slick mouth like her, as I'm so well at doing, simply told her "NO, I said a refund...I don't need a coffee anymore, I worked my shift last night". She's lucky she didn't have her name tag on, another violation to dress code, because I definitely would've put it in this review. ANYWAYS - besides my bad experience today, DURING THE AFTERNOON / EVENING this location is pretty good at doing the right thing, but the few times I've been here in the morning for anything as simple as a drink, to a combo, something is always wrong or someone always rolled off the wrong side of the bed
so i went through the drive-thru today, and upon ordering 3 burgers and two with just ketchup and cheese, the "Se hablo espanol" working the mic kept ringing them up as "ketchup/no mustard" and repeated it back like 3 times,  after saying she didn't know how to get the order right because they got a new system (NOT MY PROBLEM!) doesn't give them an excuse to mess up my order! anyway we also ordered a "caramel apple sundae" the muchacha even repeated it back as "caramel apple sundae" then rang it up as a "hot fudge sundae" (not what i ordered!) then upon getting to the window they hand me a hot fudge sundae, after telling them about it, they go and get a caramel apple sundae with maybe an inch of ice cream and light caramel drizzle. at other McDonald's i get about 2-3x as much!!! i guess i wont be going back to this one for a while (at least until the estupido learns the "new system")
Don't take your "Gold Card" here it"s not accepted per mgr. We bought the card for $20 to support the kids from a local high school and this McDs refused  it.  The card gives you a free cone with any purchase.  The cone probably costs mcds 5 cents to make.  All other mcds that i've been to accepts it.
Usually this Mcdonald's is not too bad. However, the orders and wait time has gotten pretty bad lately. Tonight, I waited in line at the drive-thru for 10 minutes before I could order. 
So, I order some apple pie's with my meal and I am told it will take 10 minutes to cook them. Okay, so I order two hot fudge sundaes and I get home and realize they have put some bitter chocolate sauce on the sundaes instead of hot fudge. This has happened before. If someone pays you for a product, why don't you provide it?  My opinion of this McDonald's location is has really taken a dive down.
The ads had been tempting us. Banana Split blasts. Toasters. Coneys. Slushes. Other crap we shouldn't eat. 

Sonic is such a tease. 

Everything looks so nice and delicious but it's not. And the service sucks to boot. We pulled up to the drive through but it was jam packed. And because Sonic has sort of a screwy way of ordering, I think it slowed down things because people were confused. 

So we pulled into a spot. And tried to order. And waited for someone to answer. We placed our order and heard nothing back. No confirmation, nothing. So we buzzed them again and head someone flippantly reply that they had gotten our order, don't buzz us again. 

Now in theory I love the idea of roller skates. How cute, how retro. But make sure your employees don't look goofy on them and can actually skate. Because I don't want to veering towards my brand new car on your skates with drinks in your hand. I also don't want you steadying yourself all over my car because you can't quite stand up on them.

So yeah. Screw you advertisers. Sonic sucks and I will not be tempted by your ads anymore.
The Wife and I visited this Sonic today because my wife had a coupon for buy one get one Sundaes. This sonic is very close to where we live...so when we want a sonic treat this is the one we go to. We had 2 hot fudge sundaes and my wife had a sweet tea, and i must say it was the best hot fudge sunday for under 2 bucks that i have ever had. Now that was the good...the reason i only gave it 3 stars though is because the drive up as i call it because it is not a drive-in is awful. The building was not really made for a drive-in...you have to pull up to a designated spot and wait on your order and believe me on a busy day that can be a huge problem.

Sonic has decent food at decent prices...but if you want it fast then you might want to go to another sonic. This one is good for us because it is near by and we don't usually have to wait long...but it is not for everyone..so remember to Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my friends!!!!
I judge my ratings on places like these by the speed,  frustration factor or lack there-of, cleanliness, and competence of the employees.

I usually go to Sonic for Iced Tea or Diet Coke.

They get my orders right, and are always friendly.  They have a few REALLY good employees here as well, in terms of customer service!

The place appears to be clean- parking lot is picked up, and I haven't noticed anything gross here  that makes me want to leave.

An interesting note- a lot of people eat here AT the Sonic, at the tables.  I think this is representative of the neighborhood and a relatively young crowd.  It's a positive thing to see that people will stay to eat and visit, not just drive thru.

Sometimes this location can be slow for unknown reasons- maybe the waiter on skates is cooking in the back?  If I see a line, it makes me nervous and I don't stop.
OMG I LOVE the lemon berry slushi!! AHHH This drink is my favorite from sonic! Its seriously SO good.
Happy Hour everyday from 2-4 a must do here in Phoenix, I go for the onion rings, drinks and Ice Cream treats. The burgers are ok too, but my fave Sonic meal is breakfast.
This place is kinda dangerous.  i usually get a hot fudge sundae with caramel and nuts and a chili cheese tator tots with ketchup, onion, and tobasco sauce.  i know, totally weird combo but it works for me.  Delish! and they are open till midnight.
I really want to like Sonics but the food always seems to fall short of my expectations. (and I don't expect much for fast food joints) love the numerous drink options, and the parking-ordering option, but in the end it's all about the food, and the food just isnt all that.
I haven't been here in a few years. It was so refreshing to order at the drive-thru and actually have the person on the other end, hear me and I could hear her very clearly! Friendly service, and the kids were satisfied with their food. I'll be going back !
If you've read any of my reviews, you know I like my fries well done. Sonic does a fabulous job of cooking their tots well done. They are awesome! I also like their mini banana split. Just right!
Tube steaks.  Yes, tube steaks!

Here are some fun facts, or maybe urban legend.  Babe Ruth was reported to have once ate 12 hot dogs & 8 bottles of soda between games of a double header. He was rushed to the hospital after the game.  What a surprise, right?  

Al Capone's favorite food was???  Anyone?  Bueller?   Nathan's Coney Island!  What no Vienna Beef?  Today, Chicago's O'Hare sells more than 2 million hot dogs a year.  Now I am sure these dogs are Vienna Beef!

I bring this up, because about a year ago SONIC decided to broaden their hot dog menu, with four new dogs: All American, Coney Island, Chicago and New York.  This year they've added a 1/4 pound Footlong to their lineup of Tube Steaks.  http://www.sonicdrivein.com/MenuSection/coneys-hot-dogs

Admitted, I haven't been an SONIC aficionado up until now.  But, a "shout out" to my friend Jennifer W and her family, who must be considered the unofficial Queen of SONIC!  How do you stay so thin?

I was willing to give their new menu items a try.  First the bad news, these aren't Nathan's Famous, Hebrew National, or Vienna Beef.  They aren't even Oscar Mayer!  But, for $3.99 for a 1/4 pound footlong hot dog and Tater Tots, they're not bad.  And, a lot better than Der Wienerschnitzel!

BTW, the  World Record for hot dog eating is 68 set by Joey Chestnut at Nathan's Famous in Coney Island.  It was reputed that former Champ, Takeru Kobayashi ate 69 at a nearby location.  Ugh!~
Great burgers really fast brought to your car by rollerskating servers. The food is good for the price and the specials change often enough to keep things different.

My only complaint is the loud music. The songs vary, which is fine, but the volume is cranked way up and the quality is horrible. And there are no spots outside of the speaker's range. So you either listen to that or roll up your windows and turn your own music up. I wish at least one part of this Sonic didn't have music -- I'm in my own car, I think I can cover the music for myself!
the ice cream desserts were so refreshing on a scorching day in Phoenix!
Living in the desert at +100 degrees the Grape Slushes are great but beware of the brain freeze.

One of my favorites is the foot long coney hot dog with chili, onions and mustard. So good for a quick bite. 

Quick service and fun employees that make a good overall experience
Visited this Sonic fast food estsblishment last night as the little one wanted a corn dog. Drove through and ordered some selections to take home. Little one took the corn dog out and exclaimed how small it was. In fact he said I hope there is two!  (They were half the size of any corn dog we ever saw!) Little one then started pealing the breading off the corn dog (which he likes to eat last) revealing a very blackened skinney little Weiner about the size of my pointing finger. Cant believe they would serve this burnt shriveled half sized  wenie to anyone. Sonic should be deeply ashamed. I also had some popcorn chicken that was overbreaded and tasteless. Ugh.! If for some reason you like sonic, it must not be for anything we  ordered. My first and last visit for sure.
Fist of all you all make me sick. How can you talk smack on sonic when they are dope as hell. They are the only fast food corporation that serves the cutting edge new meat product 'bully sticks'.
Terrible service! The wait is endless and my order is never correct. This isn't the first time! Terrible service!
How do you mess up a Reese's blast? Well.. Just put ice cream in a cup.. But only half way up the cup.. Spit of whipped cream and dump candy on top...

Oh and wait 7mins at the drive thru for it. When there is only two other customers there... Really? COME ON SONIC!!

If this location wasn't so close to home I wouldn't have dealt with this for so long.. No more from this sonic :(
Seeing as I have my eleventyhundreth cold since January 2008, which morphed into sinusitis and bronchitis...I had a wicked bad sore throat. The 100+ degree heat doesn't help either when you're running a temperature, and for some sick reason I also picked this day to clean my house. 

I wanted ice cream. BAD.

Thank jeebus there is a Dairy Queen nearby. I've done Sonic and I just can't anymore. It's not worth the hassle. Gelato is close by, but I was lazy. I'd do the grocery store but the Blizzard called my name.

This particular location doesn't win points on size or cleanliness. In fact, I've never actually stayed there to eat anything because it's just not as clean as it should be, ya know what I mean? However, they have blizzards, plenty of mix-ins, and the inside service is quick. Plus, they don't look at me like a freak when I stumble on in wearing pajamas, my coke bottle glasses, a messy ponytail and order in harsh whisper. 

For whatever reason, do not go through the drive through. The time spent parking, walking inside, and ordering is so much less than sitting in your car. The drive through is for some odd reason, ridiculously slow.
Yesterday evening I went thru the Drive Up window and experienced the most rude behavior from a female employee...I will not frequent that place ever again
I was CRAVING a triple Thick Chocolate Shake yesterday evening. My search began at McD's where a McCafe Shake left me wanting. What is up with this watered, or shall I say milked down version with whipped cream and a cherry... Next stop- DQ where Chanel took care of my Triple Thick Chocolate Obsession with some DQ Mastery I tell ya! Straight Up Ice-Cream, no milk and PLEASE hold the effin whipped cream and cherry, wtf? Thank-You Chanel! Uh, I hope you are there now cuz I just activated the Obsession Again!!! DQ, ready or not, here I come!
Not a good value.  For about the same money as my medium sized mint oreo blizzard, I can get a scoop of real mint ice cream at Sweet Republic with cookies mixed in.  And it will be top quality, too.  Unlike the blizzard I got that was mostly melted yet still wasn't mixed well, so it had this nasty green mint slime swirled in it.  What really ticked me off was the lack of oreos.  I counted 5 (five!) little chunks of oreo.  The store was clean and the guys behind the counter seemed nice, but I'm still sorry about the purchase.
It's SO FUNNY!! 
Yelp is asking for additional tips on Dairy Queen: Beer & Wine Only OR Full Bar!! LMAO!!
Ice cream and fried foods is about all they have, oh and soda! Good grubbin food and ice cream! My fav is the tropical blizard!!
I don't like their fried foods very much though...Just the ice cream!
Had a delicious cheesequake oreo blizzard! My friend got a reese bizzard. What so special about this time, we got one and got another one for only $0.99 .. I believe that it is limited time offer!   Enjoy
If I could give this place a negative rating, I would.  This place doesn't deserve stars. It deserves a big middle finger. The employees in this place ignore the customers. Kids today are not too bright. I don't think they realize where their paychecks come from. But what do they care working for minimum wage? When I was younger I worked fast food and I learned good customer service at that job because no matter how little money I made I took pride in what I did. I hate to sound like an old fuddy duddy but kids these days have no manners or any idea what courtesy is all about. And that's why good customer service is becoming so scarce. Parents don't teach their kids these values anymore and it comes out in the service industry from kids who walk around with this sense of entitlement. 

Anyway, go to this DQ if you want to watch a bunch of sour puss teen agers ignore you; if you actually want dessert try Cold Stone or Baskin Robbins.
Horrible lately. How do u wait in line for over 12 minutes and not even get an apology or smile!  I keep shooting my own foot off by going here but i just cannot help it i am addicted to blizzards!! That said, i hate this place....Why is it called fast food when everytime there is a 10 min wait and the staff are very blah and mean!!  I would love it if they shut this location down so i didnt have to get mad at myself for continuing to fall into the trap.
This Dairy Queen shows me that it can be worth it to check out yelp reviews for large chain restaurants.  I don't like going to Dairy Queen because it's so banal but banal would be an improvement for this Dairy Queen.

It was dirtier than my men's dorm room back in college (thankfully since I cleaned up my act) and I ended up paying for an expensive orange juice masquerading as an Orange Julius.
I really wish the mic didn't have a mute button because the guy taking our order was cussing at customers in the drive through... If you don't like your job, find another one. Awful customer service and crappy ice cream. Oh and a tip for the employees based on my experience and all the bad reviews I've read (obviously isn't a problem just tonight) try smiling once and a while or treat people with respect.
Just an average Jack....nothing real special about it. It is in a decent locale if your looking for something fast to eat....otherwise....again...nothing special. Also be advised if you have a Jack card and want you points.....make sure they swipe it BEFORE THEY TAKE YOUR ORDER....or you will not receive any points for your transaction. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Very friendly lady at the front who took my order, accepted my birthday coupon and was very sincere in wishing me a happy birthday.  Thanks so much for making me smile!
I feel bad for the low rating b/c the lady who works the drive thru late nights has been there since my hubby & I were in HS & she is super sweet but ugh, I GOT FOOD POISONING HERE! It was 1am Christmas day, or the day after if you wanna get technical, and we were all hungry after some drinking & other 'festivities". Jack in the crack is 1 of the only places by us open 24 hours, so the boys went on a food run. That morning at about 5am I got so sick. I thought maybe it was the alcohol but I only had 2 glasses of wine & 1 glass of champagne, nothing crazy. When I couldn't stop throwing up that entire day, had the chills & body aches, my husband said it had to be food poisoning. I will never eat here again, or at least for a long time, no matter how hungry at 1am I am. All the pain I was in was not worth it!
This is almost embarrassing!! I never thought I would review a fast food joint on Yelp! Where to begin...my first time at this Jack in the Box was a 'walk-through' where I tried to persuade the nice lady at the window to let us buy food, as we were in no condition to be driving. She said it was against the rules and she could get in trouble, but we could probably easily persuade someone in a vehicle...which we did, The food was of course awesome, but I believe anything is probably amazing considering the state we were in that night. 

The second time I was actually driving through after being DD for a birthday bash late in the evening. Ironically, I was asked to help some 'walkers' get their food. I also learned from these late night patrons that the sweet lady at the late-night window was Tess and that they always call in great reviews for her, which I found quite hilarious coming from two drunk burly men! Hahah, makes me laugh just remembering the image. I came to realize after living in this neighborhood for a while that this place has quite a few late-night regulars! 

In addition another afternoon, after leaving the pool, my friend and I were starving and I volunteered to pick-up some food at good old Jack in the Box. My friend had recently become vegan, which I had forgotten up until my arrival at the menu.....hmmmmm, what on earth will I get her besides fries?! So I consulted another friendly Jack in the Box employee at the window and asked her if it was possible to take all the meat and cheese off the chicken fajita pita and add as many vegetables as they had. She also put every sauce in the bag because I was clueless in the vegan department. This along with some churros and my friend was quite impressed and she said it was quite tasty!!! 

This place looks like any other Jack in the Box, and really probably tastes like most (it is always quite fresh though). But the service here is above and beyond! If you are ever near Cave Creek and Bell Road and have the urge for food on the fly, this is by far the place to go!

I gave it five stars in comparison to other fast food restaurants; obviously this is not exactly 5 star dining!  :)
I have been here many time in the last few years since the JitB at cave creek and cactus turned into filiberto's. the only reason i even come to this one instead of the one at 32nd & cactus which is just as far from my current house is the food quality is better here, i have never really had a 'good' experience here but it's sorta what to expect. but several times in the past, yesterday and now today they have told me to stop and wait after the car ahead of me leaves so they can "fix their time/clocks" I always got frustrated because of this but today it almost got domestic in the parking lot after the cars behind me started honking their horns, i yelled at the DB directly behind me that i was instructed not to pull up, after the employee "Julia" came to the window and told us just to pull up, i demanded an explanation, and to speak to the manager, but she said said there was no explanation and hesitated to say the managers name, instead she just kept saying "he is working the back and can't talk now" so i kept demanding until she said it. it was a terrible experience and i don't see myself returning here for a very long time.
We have been here other times and I don't remember ever having an issue. We stopped here for quick breakfast on the way out of town a few days ago. I did not pay attention to the drive-through but I think it was average busy, there were like 0 to 2 other customers inside at the time...
We placed our order, and it kind of took a little while, which I am fine with because I understand sometimes the cashier may be new, or in training... 
Hubby had gone to Costco to get gas in the mean time... he came back and we sat to wait (4 people)...
5 minutes went by... 10 minutes went by... I asked if it was going to take long and someone told me it was because it was a big order... I do not know what the confusion was... We ran out of patience and went to check again... Finally our order was ready and it took over 15 minutes from the time in my receipt... We usually do fast food breakfast when we go out of town and it may take 15 minutes for us to be in and out, ordering, getting our food, AND eating...

Our daughter thought I was making a big deal out of it, but this is called a **fast food** place, and we were in fact in a hurry...

OK, so we left and I gave everyone their meal... only to find out the last one (mine) was not what I ordered... at this time I was not willing to spend much energy on this, so we didn't go back... later in the day I found out my order along with other sandwich was at the bottom of the bag... so they did mess up the order but my food was in there... I just didn't see it... I only regret that maybe someone else was missing those items in their order : (

But the unthinkable, and the one I cannot wrap my head around, is that we had ordered a box of churros and... They didn't cover them in sugar and cinnamon! that is unforgivable : P
It bothers me enough when they don't do it evenly and some of them have sugar/cinnamon, and some have barely any... but skipping it altogether? I would give them zero stars if I could...

I know this is making me sound like I am a very demanding person, but honestly I do not think I am. 
Any of these incidents on its own would have been within my tolerance level... but delay, wrong order, no cinnamon/sugar? that was a little too much for a not so much of a morning person like me.
Drive thru line is almost always only a couple of cars at the most.  I like that JIB serves breakfast all day.  Sometimes it takes a while to get a breakfast item though because they have to cook it to order. Which is fine to me.  

I wish they would post the specials near the drive thru menu board.  Like the ones they have posters up on the windows.  Reason being is that if you come in from 32nd st, or from east on washington, you can't see the posters.
Its just a jack in the box in the ghetto. I get the jumbo Jack with cheese and I like the egg rolls.  Last time through the drive thru I asked for ketchup.  I get back to work and their are three packets in the bag . WTF? I need way more than that.  Then they ruined the fries by adding way too much salt.
The line was empty at the drive thru, yet the cashier had this pushy, rushed tone to her voice. I asked for an order of fries and a sprite. Once I got to the window, she took extra long to get to me even though there were no cars in front or behind me. I'll assume it was because she was taking great care with my order. Once I gave her my card she gave me my food, I collected my card, and I left. When I exited I looked to see if perhaps there was a car who was giving a long order and no no one was there. Oh well. It's fast food after all.
Just downgraded it to one star. There is always some kind of issue I have with this location. I ask for ketchup but don't get any or I ask for two sweet and sour sauce and get only one. Today the diet coke tastes like they dumped cheap cologne into it. Gross! I need to stop coming here just because it's close to work. Stay away.
This place is not very good. I quit eating here after the second time I found hair in my food
02.08.10

I don't know why I almost always end my trip reviews with a bad one on a fast food restaurant at the airport.  This is no different.

Seriously, I know life sucks when you work at a fast food restaurant at the airport.  If you don't want to work there, maybe you should find another job.  It's definitely not good for business when you have a sour look on your face while you point me to another cashier because you don't feel like taking my order.

I did get an extra piece of nugget.  In your face.
How can you not like Wendy's?
Located in the T-4 D gates this is the place to stop for your super large super cheap iced coffee.   I also like picking up a snack or small breakfast sandwich depending on the time of day I am rolling through here.  

Having over anticipated the time I needed to get through security I had plenty of time to walk from my C gate to the D gates to pick up something.  I have had no porblems with the service or food quality on the couple of stops I have made at this Wendy's.
I was starved and Wendy's was the only fast food that was quick and easy in between my flights. Unfortunately, the line was super long and they only had 1 register open. I had an hour to spare, so I was willing to wait for hot food. 

Luckily, the line went quick. But, what I don't get is how there is only 1 cashier, 1 runner, and a ton of people working in the back kitchen. I was baffled... 

The cashier told me the wrong number so I was waiting for my order while other people's orders behind me came and went. When I questioned my order and conveyed what number I was given, they claimed that they didn't even have that number in the system. 

Perhaps I just made up a number of my own and wanted to wait for my food... Really?!
Typical Wendy's grub. Certainly better than BK and McD's but still nothing to write home about... I bumped the rating up a star (2 to 3) simply because of the location, fast service and reasonable prices (for an airport). Expect 2 star food with 3 star service in an airport, but nothing more.
Charged for a #6 instead of a #1. Price difference $.60. I receive $.30 back. Thank you, unhappy manager.
I can't believe I'm reviewing a McDonald's - but it had to happen.  Not just because I'm a freaking fast food junkie so it was going to happen one of these days anyhow - but because of today's experience.

I've been to this one, well, let's just say more than several times.  The food is always.... uneventful.  It's not one of those specifically great or specifically bad ones.  It's just..... fine?  The only really good thing I got there once was their big breakfast.  It was only McDonald's good, but man it tasted good that day.

Anyhow, so I was grabbing a breakfast burrito (that stupid healthy yogurt was not going to calm the grumbling monster that was my tummy that morning).  For breakfast, I'll normally either get my item solo, or as the meal w/ OJ.  But I remembered seeing last week that in a blind taste test, the McDonald's coffee actually scored higher on a taste test than Starbucks.  So I figured I'd give it a shot.  

ACKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!  PLECCCHHHHH!!!  Ick!  Ug!  Gross!  Spit, spit, spit....   I wanted to wipe my tongue down w/ the wood tasting napkin to scrape it all off.  

They had thrown in some sugar and cream.  I'll normally do a cream and a sugar for one this sized.  I initially tried it black. I thought maybe it was better w/ the stuff added.  This was a SMALL cup, and I added both creamers and all 6 sugars they gave me and I could barely taste any sweetness.  It was like the black hole of coffee condiments.  What is totally sad - I ended up drinking about 1/2-3/4 the cup just trying it after adding each condiment.  I really wanted it to be better.  Kept waiting for that magic ingredient.  It didn't come.  

Nasty, nasty, nasty.  Mediocre fast food, fine.  But the extra 15 min drive to Starbucks suddenly looks much more reasonable.
I dropped into this small McDonald's for a bite today & enjoyed it enough that I thought it was a little bit special.  They have comfortable booths, & my friendly counter gal gave me an extra dressing for my salad without charging me for it (as some McDonald's do).  It was also thoughtful of her to offer me a water cup when she saw that I didn't order a drink.  I'll get her name next time.

I don't have the nerve to give a McDonald's 4 Stars, but it was nice & I'm very likely to return!     :-)
I have visited this location on many occasions and have been disappointed one too many times. I'd say that going through the drive-thru has caused me more misery than necessary. I'm sure they've gotten my order wrong a minimum of 75% of the time and today's order included pickle stacked on the top (meaning outside) of the sandwich. Also, while waiting at the drive-thru window one time I even had the employee chat me up a bit during a long wait for food. He had the nerve to complain that McDonald's required that he take a test and that he failed it. (Shocking!) Do yourself a favor and avoid this location at all costs.
The coke still has a funny taste. I was hoping after they remodeled that that would be fixed.
06/04/13

It's McDonalds,not much to say. I just wanted to point out the cool interior.
Generally I don't review fast food places unless the customer service is outstanding or severely lacking. Unfortunately this review falls in the latter category. First the positive. This location is easy to access from the street, has sufficient parking, and the interior was clean although I did not see what state the bathrooms were in. My food was ready quickly and the employee who was calling out order numbers was friendly and ensured I received everything I ordered.

As for the customer service, my order was taken by a clearly inexperienced manager who walked away from the register no less than 4 times after asking "What can I get for you?" but before I could get a word out. When I finally had her attention again, I ordered my meal and took my receipt and she walked away again before giving me a cup for my drink. I was not impressed with the owners choice in management.

This location does not have a play area aside from a couple electronic games on the wall. Despite the distracted manager, the food was not below par for what it is and there were no safety or health concerns so I think 3 stars is fair for this visit.
Normally I try to stay away from McDonalds because they are everywhere so they are where I go when there is nothing else.  I still end up eating there every year or so with travel.  This time though I was just tired and it was the closest place to eat.

I went through the drive through and got one of the chicken wraps with fries and a drink.  When I got my bag there was no ketchup!  They didn't even ask if I wanted any.  Despite no ketchup the french fries tasted better than the wrap thing I had.

I don't normally eat here so I can't comment if the blah taste of my food was typical or not, but it wasn't worth the calories.  Plus I was peeved to be without ketchup.
Fast food must not be fast anymore...?

After a 15 minute drive through wait, I drove up, smiled and said hello. I received a curt glance and a price for my food. 

I said thank you when I received my food, and the chick turned around and walked away.  

Thanks for reminding me why I haven't gone to McDonald's in years.
I'm reasonalby sure that Jack puts crack in those tacos.  99 cents for two tacos is crazy!  And yes, I know they are kind of greasy and they don't use the most amazing ingrediants but there is something about them.....
My other favorite item is the chicken fajita pita.  It's a great option if you don't want a burger.  The fries are decent and they have a nice variety of options to choose from. And I must admit Jack's commercials are funny. Thanks Jack!
This is the worst Jack in the Box around.  The customer service at this place is consistently terrible, to the point that I stopped going long ago.  Half the issue is having employees whose English is unintelligible.  If you can't understand English - which is the language of this land (last time I checked, anyway), how is a person reasonably expected to be able to correctly take an order?  One time I was there, I asked for 2 Jumbo Jacks, hold the mayo.  I had to repeat myself 4 times to the attendant before they finally understood.  When I got home, the burgers were slathered with mayonnaise.  
Another time I got 2 regular burgers instead of the sandwich I had ordered.
Another time, apparently it was a shift change and I stood there for several minutes, waiting for someone to help me. All of the employees were RIGHT there, completely ignoring customers at the counter.  
The last time I went, I again requested no mayo.  This time, however, when they handed me my bag full of food, I opened it up and laid it all out on the counter and then began opening each item (I was buying for 4 teenagers besides myself, I had a lot of food there).  My burgers were again slathered with mayo.  I called the manager of this store a couple of times hoping they might be able to get this place in order, but that dream never materialized.  I no longer go to this Jack in the Box and go to the one at 24th Street and Baseline instead (MUCH better service there with people that actually speak English!).
Stopped in for a bite today & found this Jack in the Box to have a nice, comfortable dining room and counter service from friendly Ariana was great!  Armed with a coupon out of the weekly shopper tabloid for a free "Monster Taco" with any purchase, I added two regular tacos (99) & 2 cups of super good Frank's Red Hot Sauce (free) from the secret menu.

What a terrific light lunch for only 99 at a Jack in the Box where everything was just right!  How can Enya keep from singing, & how can I keep from giving this place 5 Stars?     :-))
Why 4 stars? It's McDonalds, that's why. Its consistent but not great. But we were all raised on this stuff so its hard to hate it. 

This particular McDonalds is clean and remodeled. Service is on the slower side and one time they totally drove me crazy by not accepting a McDonalds coupon that I got in a Pats Run swag bag. 

I'm grateful to have it in the neighborhood.
This is a nice, clean location, has dual drive thru lanes, and is insanely fast!! I am very impressed with how efficient they are.
Probably the nicest McDonalds I've been in in a while. Staff is friendly, place is spotless, and on table has video games built into the counter for the kids. Pretty cool.
To say the employees here are rude would be putting it mildly. 

I come here frequently, not because it is the best McDonald's, but rather because it is the closest McDonald's. The food here is okay at best, for a McDonald's. It's certainly better than either location on Chandler Boulevard. However, my major complaint is that no matter what time of day I come or if I go drive through versus inside, not a single employee thanks me for my business. 

It especially irks me because as someone who has worked customer service, I always make a point of thanking the people who are providing me the service. I don't think it's unreasonable to expect the same courtesy from people where I choose to spend my money, thus providing them a job.

Apart from the blatantly rude service, this location seems to have a problem with employees never emptying trash cans. Especially at the drive through. I can't count how many times I've come, even in the morning, and that trashcan is overflowing. I'm not sure if it's a problem for the health department or not, but I can tell you that it's really disgusting to see birds and flies hang around the trashcan right in front of where I'm picking up my food. Food and trash literally overflow. It's a similar case inside the restaurant, especially at the cans near the bathroom.

Overall this is an okay McDonald's if you just need one that's close by, but don't expect it to be a great McDonald's.
I like the 50's style restaurants, for some weird reason.  The drive in feature is what actually got me hooked, along with the car hop people that come out with your food.  Yes, I know its fast food.  I can't help it.  Sometimes, a girls gotta indulge, ya know?

When you pull up, theres parking spaces with a menu per parking spot.  You have time to sit and review in your car while you decide what it is that you want.  No pressure waiting in line at a drive thru, espcially if your not sure what you want.

I come here mostly for the drinks during happy hour.  Their half off, and a 44 ounce slush lasts me the rest of the day.   They really do have awesome drinks here, and every day between 2-4 you can do happy hour.  Thats why I come here.  I also think too that they have half priced burgers after 5pm!
So like the other reviewer said, I also really love 50's-esque restaurants, so of course that's what originally drew me in to Sonic. I love the drive in and everything is reasonably priced and of course eating in my car with my friends with the windows down when its nice outside is fun!
I mostly come in for Hot Fudge Sundaes when I have the craving and they're always so yummy. Also whenever my boyfriend and I have done the drive through they've been speedy!
I've only had one bad experience here among the multiple times I've patronized this establishment. The bad experience turned worse after I submitted an online complaint and the manager left a sarcastic voicemail in response to my online complaint. Boooo! If my order and service wasn't so bad during that visit I wouldn't have had a reason to complain!
I come to this Sonics everytime I need a cool drink. My last visit was awful, 2 drinks took 20 minutes to make and by the time I got my Lemonberry cream slush I discovered it was just flavored water and my girlfriends Nerds Slush was also just flavored water neither were cool. Rung the button again and they remade both our drinks this time mine came correctly but my girlfriends was now 50% more slush but mostly water. I gave up at that point as I didn't want to wait another 20 mins for them to remake 1 drink I went home and crushed iced and added it to her drink she was happy I was less than thrilled with Sonics that night


I don't know if I'll be able to keep going here if this keeps up. I do love the Lemonberry slush though :/
Maybe I had not eaten Sonic in a long time...maybe it was a full moon...IDK!? 

However, they get 4 stars from me. The food was fast and fresh, exactly how it should be! The young man who brought it was SOOOOOOOO polite....my friend ran back in and gave him a tip in front of his manager...btw....how strange is it to walk into a Sonic!? So weird....nonetheless...great all around that night.
Love the drinks! While I'm not a huge fan of the food, I really like the tots and the drinks here. They have a lot of cool flavors and at good prices, and this location is very fast
Best place to go for your happy hour drinks! Nerds Slushes are awesome, Employees are always have great attitudes, makes me want to always go back.
Went to Sonic off of Arizona Ave in  Chandler Az. We ordered 2 hotdogs tots grilled chicken sandwich. They were very good at taking our order. We got our food at the parking space in less than 5 min. Hot dogs were good and chicken was ok..Food was a C+ .
Service... A... Sitting in car to eat was awkward . Had to get out of car to thru trash away.... next time we will do a drive thru.. we noticed most people do that.... 
Nice Sonic location
I adore this McDonald's. The employees rate a 5, especially the morning shift. The food is always hot, always what I ordered, and well put-together. It's still McDonald's food, but when the craving strikes, I'll order from here without hesitation. I can't say that about many fast-food locations.
As far as a McDonald's goes, this place is always pretty quick and efficient!

I come here pretty often for coffee in the mornings.  The lady in the drive-thru knows me and is super friendly!  They are always fast!

I've only had a few instances where there's been a bit too much cream or something in my coffee where it had to be thrown out.  More often it's done perfectly!

And with the new remodel, it looks great!
The manager is rude, my order is never correct, it really isn't hard to leave ice out of a drink people, the machine does it for you if you ring it up correct! 2 out of 3 times my kids food is wrong. I now avoid this location!
Traveling through Phoenix, we were just looking for a light, quick bite to eat. We pulled up to one of the twin ordering stations. I thought this was a neat concept until I witnessed the not-well-thought-out merging process. The line from the second station was a straight shot to the pick-up window and the line from the first station had to merge into that line. It was a microcosm of Phoenix freeways at a McDonalds, complete with traffic jams and crazy drivers.

The food: My McBurger was dry and tasteless; my wife's chicken McNuggets were petrified and they forgot the ranch dipping sauce, which made her realize that the sauce is the only thing that saves them. 

This location is convenient to the freeway, but next time we are passing through I think we'll just keep going.
You know you love it. Where else can you smile for a dollar? Oh yea, the gentlemen's club. They are similar establishments. Great values.
I hate two lane drive thru. Unfortunately I live in the area.  Three times now they go out of order and I get stuck waiting for someone to acknowledge my lane.  Once they took two orders at the other lane while I sat waiting.  Poor procedure inside.  Each time no apologies and no offer to compensate even when I asked today. Go elsewhere like In N Out across the street.
Really fast service, those nasty little tacos came with lots of shredded lettuce, which I requested, and it's close to my house.  Thanks, Jack in the Box.
Nastiest food I,ve ever had from a Jack in the Box, tacos were stale and extra greasy,  burgers were burnt, bread was stale and burnt, fries were old.
Great Service. Gwen is usually the Drive Thru cashier when I eat here. She always has a smile and a welcome. The food is hot and freah, I have never been disappointed. I love the Breakfast Jack, the best breakfast sandwich to eat while driving.  I have used their dining room also, usually on the weekends. The dining room and bathroom are always clean.
The French fries were so soggy you could use them as shoe laces , also portions were undersized not one of the containers were full to the top , not that any of us wanted to eat them
I've always had great customer service from this location no matter what time I go. I've gone from breakfast in the morning to late late night snacks. I usually get potato wedges so I just wish they were a bit more consistent with how much cheese sauce they use. Though, that's just to be expected at drive-thru fast food.
What a crap experience !  Get someone who listens and speaks clearly to work the drive through!  Hope that idiot working there tonight enjoys that job because Jack in the box is about as good as he will get!
Clean restaurant, only two guys working behind the counter, our food came out pretty quick but the people after us were in line for a long time, 2 ppl actually walked out mumbling how long they were taking. 

Drive thru service seem to be quicker since they seemed more focused on those customers. If I'm in a pinch and super hungry and in the area, will be back.
I can't believe I'm reviewing a Carls, but here it goes.

I know this is fast food/chain restaurant.  I don't care, cause Carl's is good stuff.  This location is a Green Burrito location, whatever that means, but I think that all it means is that they serve a few Mexican dishes here.

I usually stop here at the drive through, and rarely go into the lobby itself.  I usually order the Carl Star, or as of lately, the Breakfast burger, which is tasty.

Its fast food folks, but in my eyes, anything but McDonalds is okay by me.  I will return for their Breakfast burgers and Carls Star burger any day!
I love my western Bacon cheeseburger but it has gone up in price. Also the drive thru is very slow and all the staff can hardly speak English. I once got 3 wbc with no burgers on them! Used to be a great place, but has gone downhill.
Stopped here today for lunch with my grandmother. Had a grilled chicken sandwich. and a California burrito. We went drive thru which was a little on the slow side. However our was correct and we got alot of food for the money. The staff was friendly and got our order correct.
Had a buy 1 get 1 free sandwich coupon, tried the famous star.  It was freaking delicious.
Went through the drive thu, was there for like 30 seconds with dead silence.  I said hello, heard the guy say "one second".  I waited one minute and nothing.  I did some things in my car and looked up to see 5 mins had passed, so I said hello again.  "One second".  I waited 3 more mins and since I finished what I was doing in my car I was ready to drive through and leave, then I hear "what can I get ya".  After the order he barely talked to me, too busy talking to those inside and laughing/joking around.

According to the receipt, the cashiers name was Raquel, but I'm guessing that's a chicks name and he was a dude.
It's fast food. It's kinda pricey. But it's worth it. Open 24 hours which is loverly. They need to bring back the jim beam bourbon burger. Fries are dopelicious. Yes, I said dopelicious.
I receive text messages from sonic with promotions re: new items , specials of the day etc.

I was in the mood for a sundae and went to grab one for me
And a friend of mine.  When I mentioned the special price they said they werent 
Offering that price. Once I explained it was a text/club prIce they asked me to pull forward.

After all 4 employees looked at my text message and they had their little pow wow they decided to give me the price.

When they handed me my sundaes, honest to God they basically took one sundae and split it into two! 

So they scammed me but whatever !

I will Think twice about this location the next time I want to make an ice cream run!

I mean
Come on, even at half price sonic your not losing and dinero dayum
This is the least well run operation in all of Sonic's stores!  they lie, they play with customers shakes they do not observe health regulations for food handling.  DO NOT VISIT THIS LOCATION!
Went to try those pretzel hotdogs, and the bun was all moldy. Didn't notice until halfway through, so yay for a dose of penicillin.
Horrible place. I've been to different sonic locations and this one is by far the worst. First of all, sonic isn't really great in the first place. This place is absolutely horrible
I've tried it many times and none of them have been great
The burgers here are super greasy, the burritos which I really like in other places, the ones here always have really burnt eggs and are also super weirdly greasy. The fries are always gross, and the ice cream is weirdly gritty?? 
So if you are craving sonic, just go to a different location.
Generally, I love Sonic. It is by far my favorite fast food restaurant. This one however, is the worst location I have ever eaten at. The food is extremely inconsistent. Blasts are often not mixed through, so you end up getting plain Vanilla towards the bottom. Order extra items like extra brownie? You MAY get it ... Or you may simply be charged for it but the amount they give you here is so minimal it just isn't worth it. I don't feel like paying for a single tiny brownie thrown in there. Like shakes? Flip a coin ... Because sometimes you will get a shake you can sip with a straw, and other times you get another Blast flavor. When you order cinnasnacks with cream cheese frosting, you shouldn't have to ask for cream cheese frosting separately. I've seriously ordered a few times and didn't get it because I forgot to ask for it. 

These are issues I don't have with other locations. I ... just ... don't. Yet, this location is a short walk from my place, so I go for convenience. But I'm not going to expect quality.
On the surface Big Bowl is your typical family owned local Chinese place but it's my favorite. You'll find the standard fast-Chinese-food fare on the menu, plus a lot of extras. Their Boba Tea is great, and they offer ramen and tofu choices as well. The portions are big and the service is super friendly. If you can, save yourself time and go in to order, rather than relying on delivery. They're quick either way, but the owners are so happy to see you, it makes your meal taste so much better!

Compared to other local places like House of Egg Roll, Big Bowl has bigger portions, comparable prices, and lots of extras.
I ordered the following:

Shrimp Fried Rice, Curry Chicken/Chow Mein Combo, and two orders of Crab Wontons.

The Shrimp Fried Rice was Burned -- the smell and taste and just looking at the egg and the tip of the grains were complete proof of this -- the Curry Chicken was all sauce and no veggies -- barely any chicken -- and the Chow Mein was not Chow Mein, but Lo Mein. Believe me, I know most people get this wrong, but there is a difference.

And on top of all of this, they failed to bring any chopsticks. WHO EATS RICE OR NOODLES WITHOUT CHOPSTICKS?

And all of this was for....I don't know, like 26 or 27 dollars? I can't really say for sure. They failed to even bring me a reciept.

Sigh....I really think I should apply to work there in their kitchen. I may be just a simple white, American girl, but I know how to cook REAL Chinese food. I used to work in a Chinese Kitchen. And I was trained by real Chinese Chefs.


Big Bowl,. if you are reading this: YOU NEED ME IN YOUR KITCHEN. 


Anyways, enough about me disappointing experience. Carry on.


-Jadis
Great food, great prices, and great service.  I am a big eater and could not even finish all my food for only 8 dollars.   The orange chicken was fresh and tender with excellent flavor.  The combo also came with fried wantons and spring rolls.  Super far from my house, but worth the drive.
This little hole-in-the-wall is a great find!  It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the food was great, and the prices were very reasonable. 

 I ordered the teriyaki chicken combo, which came with fried rice, crab wontons, spring rolls, and egg drop soup.  Even with a large drink it was still only $9.50.  I made two full meals out of it with more leftover.

I was able to choose between white and dark meat for the teriyaki.  The sauce was tasty, and everything was cooked fresh to order.  The wontons were still dripping and steaming hot from the fryer, and the fried rice was filled with fresh-cut veggies.

The egg drop soup was kind of a miss for me.  I thought it was a little bland, but everything else more than made up for it.  The couple that owns it seems to be the only staff, and they were very courteous, polite, and genuinely made me feel valued.  The place was dead, which was a little sad to see, but it made for a pleasant, quiet meal.  

I'm glad to finally find decent teriyaki in the neighborhood, and I will most definitely be back for more.
Busy location, average service & speed.
Service usually sucks. Two order spots but never used. Coming in and out is so narrow surprised not more accidents.
the staff is always nice! I take my dog through the drive thru all the time. They pet him and sometimes even give him a french fry! which makes his day. My orders are always special and they always get it right!
Its McDonalds. With a playplace. It was clean.
I had 2 options for water a tiny 6 oz cup (yeah right) or pay full price (cost of pop) for a glass of water. Customer service is lost on the managers here. These are the basics and I'm tired of it.
You can expect: cold fries , gross or uncarbonated drinks , cold burgers that have been sitting there ect. I usually don't write reviews but with flu , fever , and gross food; I'll be going hungry tonight. 
Save yourself a trip and go to Ellsworth.
After our flight into Mesa, our friends decided to grab a quick lunch to go from Arby's.  I chose the specialty on the flyer found at a my friend's house--a pastrami sandwich with curly fries.

Nothing beats hunger from:
1. Waking up at 5 a.m., 
2. Being holed up in a plane for nearly 2 hours with LOUD, obnoxious baseball fans coming to watch Spring Training, 
3. And being blasted by 90-degree weather at 10:30 a.m.

..Except, of course, pastrami on rye, with melted cheese on sauerkraut with a handful of curly fries, Diet Dr. Pepper, and Jalapeno poppers with raspberry sauce!  I must say, this is some good junk food, my friends, good junk food!!
I didn't have occasion to go inside this Arby's,I just went through the drive thru. I had a craving for a peppermint milkshake and when I did some research online the only fast food place I could find that had the peppermint flavor Rather than pumpkin or egg nog was the Arby's. Fortunately it wasn't very far from my motel. The milkshake was very good although I'm not sure if they use real ice cream.  The kid at the counter was very generous with whipped cream, and while it wasn't huge it was big enough that I could drink half that night and freeze half to eat a couple days later.  The price was $2.99.
I stopped by here after going to the Bookman's that on the same NW corner of Southern Ave & Country Club. I got a piping hot fish sandwich with light tarter sauce. It was yummy. The young man at the counter was very friendly, and the inside of the Arby's looked great. There is also a Goodwill and a 99 Cent Only store at that same complex. I included some photos in my review.
Really like the Roast Beef on King's Hawaiian Roll sandwich.  It costs about $6.50 though.

Child likes the jr. chicken sandwich.

French fries and curly fries are not good.
Nice on the inside but employees and other customers are not pleasant. Recommend staying away.
Typical Mcdonald's, food always tastes the same, people are always friendly, and drive thru is always fast.  French fries have been fresh almost every time too. Love the sausage egg mcmuffins.
Pretty simple to make my kids happy with the consistent goodness off a couple hot cakes in the morning. Thanks Ronald!
This McDonalds is one of the worst I have ever been to. There are always transients outside begging for money. Many of them approach you at your car or follow you out of the building. The food is decent but the line is always long. The staff has little common sense. They refuse to give you a drink cup after you have paid and make you wait until your food is ready. This is especially inconvenient because of the terrible drink station layout with no where to put your food. Also don't bother asking for a free cup of water. They give you a cup which is smaller than what you get in a kids meal. Avoid this McDonald's at every opportunity!
Ok, Ed's gonna get after me 'cause I went to a McDonalds.  But I was thirsty from dinner and wanted to try the Holiday Mint McFlurry.  It wasn't as good as I'd hoped.  It was just their basic vanilla soft serve with a dash of mint flavoring and some red and green chocolate chips mixed in enough to be bit sized.  It wasn't creamy.  It was too thick to drink.  And it was really chewy.  I wish I'd left the Filipino restaurant in time to make it to Ritas Custard instead.  Then at least I'd have the creamy goodness of Frozen Custard. 

 I have to say the young man who served me was excellent, though.  I didn't get his name and it wasn't on the receipt, unless "KS#3" was him.  He greeted me nicely as I walked in, answered my questions, took my order, made my drink, acknowledged the customers waiting behind me, and even checked with me twice while I was sitting if I was happy with the drink.  Pretty good service for a $2 drink.  I think this kid will go far.  He's the reason I'm giving the place three stars instead of two.

Overall everything was pretty clean, too.
I drive out of my way so I dont go to this Mcdonalds! How can you seriously get the same order wrong 5 times. A manager was yelling and very unprofessional with a new and training employee. It's dirty and BAD SERVICE
I'm guilty of eating at this place a time or two before but this time it was lucky enough to be full from lunch & meeting a colleague to handle business. Families-it's got a playground for ya. It's always looked a little rundown (to me) so I can only assume that's why they're doing a renovation. No drive thru for the time being so if your in a hurry skip to the next one. There is access tho on the north side so if this is your jam good luck on parking. I'm sure I'll post another review after the renovation is complete. Food wise.....well it's McDonalds, eat at your own risk, hahahaha
After working in this area for a long time coming to this McDonalds used to be kind of scary. You didn't want to venture to the doors because of the bums that hung around outside begging for food or money. 

But today as I am sitting here I can honestly say WOW they did an amazing job on the remodel. They even took away the outdoor section where the bums used to be. The manager is walking around asking how everyone is and that's a great thing! Give this McDonald's another shot guys!
Love McDonald's Ice Coffee drinks.
This had to be the worst Sonic I have ever been to! I got food poisoning and the staff was very rude. They took about 10 minutes to even take my order. When they brought me my food I mentioned to them that their sign said if they do not try to up sell an order I get $2 off my next visit. They stated that they did try to up sell. I was not going to argue over a stupid $2 as the server was trying to but I did mention to him that the cashier did not up sell to anyone and I could hear their orders as well. This place was terrible, has bad service and food. I do not agree with false advertisements and rude service.  I love Sonic and I will not be returning to this one.
I just go to Sonic for their AMAZING Lemon berry slush.... ooo so good. The best combination ever. Real lemons and strawberries.

this thing is the best to cool you down. AHHHHHH I want another one just thinking about it. Happy hour starts at 3pm!
Absolutely love their staff! First drive-thru I've been to where they actually care whether or not they have your order right. Great place at night!
I like their Tater Tots tho I haven't had them for ages, they have good drinks, the breakfast sandwiches are pretty good,  though not very healthy I'm sure.   A coupla nights ago I stopped in here late to try out their Holiday Chocolate Mint Milkshake.   It was pretty good,  very creamy,  good flavor,  about a dollar more than the Peppermint one at Arby's.   Both had tons of peppermint slivers in them.   I'd rather just have the mint flavor without the particles I have to chew.   To each his own. 

I'd go back but not too often.
I don't know how you can go wrong with a cherry & lime slush,corn dog and chili cheese tots! Oh yeah, go during happy hour to get drinks half off.

In addition to happy hour (2-4pm) they run other specials but I never remember what or when they are. It's probably a good thing I don't, otherwise I'd probably be there everyday and double in size while simultaneously going broke on the breaded and fried delights.

I'm not a fan of using sprite zero in the limeades. No doubt they would put regular sprite in it if I asked but when I ordered one without noticing they switched it my taste buds were not happy with the surprise.
Good service, good food. Great drinks. not much else to say.
I was craving a burger & decided to try Sonic.  It was so good, I will be back again.  Yummy for my tummy!
Yes I came back for another burger yesterday.  Yummy!!!
I love the $6 Guac/bacon cheeseburger, and the ice cream cookie sandwich...but that's it. If ordering chicken in the drive thru...expect to wait...and wait.
I miss the Carl's Jr from back in the days. The burgers were so much bigger. They are good still but I remember the ol days when you got more for your $$$. I am thankful tho for the military discount.
Awful service. Obviously there is an issue with the management at this place.The employees were yelling and calling each other out in front of the customers which made it very awkward for me and my friends. It took a good 3 minutes for anyone to come to the register to take our order, and after that it took about 30 minutes for all of us to get our food. I was finished eating by the time the last person in my group got their food. The poor people I could see waiting for 10 minutes in the drive through! Also I saw the employees in the back handling the food and making burgers who were NOT wearing gloves. Good thing I only got fries and a shake!! I had never been to a Carl's Jr in my life and probably will never go back.
The only reason I give this 1 star is because they actually got my order right!!!  When I was sitting in the drive-thru, i noticed the guy didn't give me enough packets to suit my liking. So I ask for a specific number and, yes, he did put them in the bag. Guess who removes several of the packets!!!! The F*ing manager!!!! Not only that but I mentioned what he had done loud enough as I drove off and he heard and started laughing. I think someone needs a girlfriend!!!  Oh yeah, and we got sick from the food too!!!! yuck!
(cue music) Oh Breakfast Jack, Oh Breakfast Jack, you satisfy my cravings...for delicious egg and delcious cheese, along with thinly sliced meat.

Seriously, Jack in the Box is boss. This spot is right of the highway on the way into Mesa, allowing my hankering for awesome to be satisfied early in the morning on the way back in from a sunrise viewing with the little dude. Standard place with the added benefit of it being warm outside!
Stopped off for a bite to eat after a round of golf. 

The staff was in confusion. We had to wait awhile before our order was ready. When I went up to the counter and asked how long, the gal apologized and said that the orders got screwed up.
So I went back to my table and a few minutes later the gal came and asked what kind of milk shake we wanted, it's free because of the inconvenience.

I guess I was upset enough that I don't remember what the food tasted like and if the place was clean.
Great place.  Home of the cherry limeade.  So delicious.  And they even have happy hour.  There are only a few that use roller skates, but haven't seen too many of the staff here on them.  Quick and efficient with drive-thru and drive up.
Always love coming here , its a real treat .. Lemon berry slush and jumbo popcorn chicken yum !! And catch them in happy hour for AWESOME deals
I went to get lunch around 10:26 and there's always some kind of hassle with these people. The rude woman in drive thru said we're not serving lunch right now. But when I went to the same place 3 weeks ago they started serving it at 10:20 WTF ???? I left this dump. What a lousy way to start the day. Cocksuckers !!!
They can NEVER get your order right! The staff is rude, but if you call to complain they leave you on hold forever!! Won't waste another dime in this DUMP!
Luckily, I beat the rush, because after I ordered, there was a huge line behind me. I was craving chicken nuggets, so I ordered that and some French fries. Chicken nuggets were great, but the fries were unusually salty, limp, and soggy :/. I love the convenience though and the staff was nice and smiling.
It's just a Denny's, nothing special, but....

Fast, friendly service, unlike may other Denny's I've visited.

Consistent food quality. I know what will be coming out of the kitchen when I order a meal at this Denny's. The Chicken fried steak is decent, so is the Buffalo chicken sandwich.

...and hey... I find them to be WAY better than the IHOP at Alma School & Elliot
Good solid Denny's. I ordered the skillet and stayed full front it a long time plus it tasted good. Can't beat the prices for a sitdown meal. I'll be in agin. Thanks for taking great care of me.
This was my Mother's Denny's.  She loved to go here!  She wasn't much for experimenting with wild exotic food like me.  She always suggested either Floridino's or Denny's, or take out from Boston Market.  We always had good meals here.  One of my fav's was the shrimp skewers, which I got more than once.  I think they were only $5.99 or $6.99 for 10  shrimp and two sides.  It might have been from the senior menu.  Whatever, it was always delicious and just the right amount of food, well cooked and well-flavored.  The service was efficient and friendly also.  Pretty consistent, which was probably what she liked.  No surprises.  

I miss going there with her.  (Sniff)
This Dennys has great service, its open late, its clean and hardly crowded.
It's a Denny's. In the mornings it's pretty packed, food is actually decent, and you don't feel like you need to bathe after eating there. But the people watching? Classic. :)
Baconalia!!!!!!!!!!!
This isn't just another Dennys- this is a Dennys Diner which makes it that much better. If you've ever been to a normal Dennys then you go a Diner you'll experience the difference. I've been going to this Dennys since we moved here in '04. I haven't had a bad experience there BUT and this is a big but..the a/c is typically running on way overdrive and you end up being cold the entire time that you are having your food. The bathrooms are even colder and you are better off leaving and using a bathroom elsewhere. Other then the temperature control I've never had an issue with this Dennys in years.
This place was gross, the review b4 me must have been the last time they CLEANED. The employees were just as rude, they sat my hubby and I at a dirty booth and the food was gross plus they got the order wrong. Do yourself a favor don't come here :))
Good service, big banana split desserts, and intriguing "pancake puppies".  To quote my husband, "Pancake puppies are like if a churro and a pancake had sex and the pancake laid an egg, and that egg was like balut".
A friend had put in our business card in the weekly drawing for a free meal, and we got picked!  The service when we went was exemplary, and the manager even came over to ask how we were doing.  The "fit fare" skillet I had was very filling and tasted great.  Upgrade an extra star!
This Denny's is a little out dated, but service and food is what you come to expect. Recommend!
I know - Denny's?  Why would anyone go there?  Well they have awesome breakfasts - free egg whites - and if you tell them what you want, they'll make it even if it's not on the menu!  I get an egg white omelette with mushrooms, onions, jalapenos and salsa.  And they are fast ... they keep your drinks refilled ... the staff are always friendly ... and they will give you drinks to go which says alot when you live somewhere that's 110 in the summer!
It's Denny's.  Basic American food and reasonable prices.  We did not try a "slam" here, so I can't comment on that (unlike my other Denny's reviews).  Service was adequate.  Food was adequate.  Nothing special.  We specifically went for the Lord of the Rings menu because we had sampled that on a recent birthday, and wanted to try other items (plus had a coupon).  My wife had a Shire skillet, and I had the Ring burger.  As I already said, not bad but nothing special.
Been here a few times.  Once with a drinking buddy after a night out and for a couple of birthdays.  Generally very nice staff, comfortable, reasonable speed and very yummy as I expect from Dennys.
Don't visit or eat at this Denny's! They won't accept online coupons! Manager when asked why not, he gave an excuse that accounting won't take it. No way to honor veterans on this Memorial Day! Next time we're eating at a local restaurant!!!
This place is deserving of five stars for one reason. Our server was a guy named Brady. We would normally not eat at Denny's but when the nephews are in town we have to feed them where high quantities of food are available without breaking the bank. If you're  ever in the area the unlimited pancakes go a long way to feed hungry teenagers. At any rate, Brady was extremely genuine and made our entire experience. He went as far as telling us that 2 eggs would be an additional $4.00 and to be advised if we were going to order from the $4.00 menu (which would have become an $8.00 menu). The money was not really he issue as a much as the consideration on Brady's part. I'm not sure if it's company policy or if he just took it upon himself but that was the feel of our entire experience. Thanks again Brady!
Fastest service ever! I love getting breakfast here because I know it will never make me late! The employees are so friendly, too!

During once visit, I had been dieting for a while and decided to treat myself to some fries but they were less than warm. Any other time and I would have eaten them, but I had been craving them so bad!! They happily made me some fresh fries and chatted with me while I waited! It made my day ;)
Good breakfast and new coffee burgers are always hot and fresh and rotating in new toppings. New soda fountain and frosty's rule
There is a cashier who is the most awesome woman ever. She is super excited every time I walk in, and makes me feel like the best customer ever. I will find out her name the next time I go, but she is the epitome of great customer service. 

The only other thing I have to say is that their soda dispenser is space age Star Trek awesome technology. You pick the type of drink you want, and any additives, and it is AMAZING. Touch-screen awesome drink magic.
The renovations did this Wendy's wonders!  It looks amazing inside, with all updated fixtures, clean lobby area, and one of those futuristic coke machines.

The service is consistently super friendly, which is impressive for fast food.  I like that they take our first names at the counter, so when the order is ready they can holler "ERIN!" rather than "#309!"  It's just more personal.  They happily gave us extra pecans for our salads, and joked around during the payment process.  It was a refreshing experience.

I like the Wendy's menu for the most part, but I wouldn't choose them over some competitors for a burger and fries.  Unless I want a frosty, chili or baked potato, I don't usually consider Wendy's.  I have however fallen in love with their salads!  They are fresh, tasty, healthy, and overall guilt-free.  Extra tasty (though slightly more guilt) with those extra pecans!
Where's the koi pond?? Aesthetically, this place is off the charts compared to other fast food establishments. The whole building looks like a huge box crafted out of fine wood. Inside, they've got upgraded soda dispensers, new furnishings and fixtures, making it very easy to get comfortable when diving into your JBC (junior bacon cheeseburger).  There's even a couple couches to watch TV - they had a baseball game on. 

The food is about the same as any other Wendy's. I've become a big fan of the Cobb and Apple Pecan Chicken Salads. Order a half size with a side of chicken nuggets and you've got a sub 500 calorie meal with surprisingly good taste and price.
Went thru the drive through recently and asked for a jr frosty. I had one of those keychain things, but I couldn't find it. After a five minute wait before I got up to the window, I found it. So I told the cashier that I found my key tag for a free jr frosty. So she told me my total. I gave her my cash and looked at my receipt and it was still charge AND she took my frosty card. I said "the charge is still on the receipt" she said that next time, I need to tell her that I have any coupons when I order. I said " okay, my bad, I didn't think I had it, but you took my card and didn't tell me I got charged anyway and if that's the case, where's the second frosty then?" She goes "here's your dollar and frosty" and then closed the window. It's not the money, it's about the fact that I was treated soooo rudely!!! Never going back there!
This Wendy's was recently remodeled. Its very nice, clean, and a lot fancier than a normal one. It has a cool looking gas fireplace, and TV. Some nice wood paneling and glass fixtures. They also have the computerized drink station, which i love, because it has sparkling water for us that don't really like to drink soda. They have a nice living room style seating are with big leather lounge chairs. The staff is friendly and takes your order by name. I come here for a quick lunch every now and then. When i don't feel like cooking, and have limited funds. Great place for a fast food restaurant. Just a little bit above the rest.
This Wendy's is very nice  and new. We usually like this place but this occasion we found a bone in our chicken sandwich. We gave it to the man cleaning the lobby. He took it to his supervisor/ manager and know one approached us with an apology or questions. This was in bad taste and we will not be back
Always predictable, value menu always good.
Always purchases from the dollar menu.  Fast service and hot food, can't beat that.
No one should EVER be able to sit in the drive-thru and write a review on Yelp while waiting for their order! There is no GOOD reason why it's taking this long. My goodness! And don't just throw my food and money at me! And these cold ass fries! Im so glad I dont eat this bs any more! Holy cow!
Nothing wrong with this restaurant. I mean it's McDonald's... pretty consistent and everyone was great!
Clean.  Good service.  Good carls experience.
Yum.  Best tasting fast food in AZ is at Carl's Jr.
I always received good service at this location and it's usually faster than any other Carl's Jr.
As they are cooking everything it smells really good. They even had a plate of sample pretzels bits out that were nice and warm.  The girl working behind the counter was sweet. She told me they had a special on hot dog rolls, 2 for $5.00.  However, i asked for 2 Jalapeno rolls and she said they were still cooking.  I said OK, i will be back in about 5 min. When i came back again i ordered 2 jalapeno rolls.  She gave me my order and a coupon for next time. But, when i got where i was going and opened the bag i had 2 plain hot dog rolls.   I did not take them back really it is not a big thing. But, it would have been nice. Since i like the spicy. Other than that ,fabulous!
So, so, so good!  

This is my favorite place to get a pretzel.  Warm, buttery and delicious.  I try not to think about how many calories must be in these things for them to taste that good, but I think we all know a pretzel isn't health food.  If you're going to have one, why not have a good one?  

I have tried a few of their different flavors.  they have all been good, but I always just end up going back to the original because it's just soft, warm, and yummy.  There is also a Wetzel's Pretzels in the mall.  They are good too, but I prefer Auntie Anne's.  They taste a bit fresher to me.  

Go try one.  :)
Damn these pretzels are irresistible. They are expensive but completely worth it. Every product they offer is delicious and addicting. Those calories add up quick though so be careful.
We would go here pretty frequently for work lunches.  Maybe it is the close proximity to the other (better) places near the Chandler Mall, but it always seemed to be half empty at lunchtime.  The crazy part was - as bored as the waitresses/kitchen had to be with only 4-5 parties in the whole restaurant, the food still seemed to come out kind of lukewarm and drink refills were pretty hard to come by. 

+2 stars for the fact that there was always ample seating available on the patio, which is a pretty nice place to be during the spring/fall.
We just got back from a great dinner at Pasta P (new nickname I see). I had really slow service almost a year ago and hadnt been back since. This year we've already been twice and both times, the service has been right on point, the wine list well suited my "no sommelier here" taste. We both ate the special, ( I know, Italian cardinal rule #1 was broken. No one orders the same thing so everyone can "taste" something new or different) Linguine with Fresh Dungenous crab & fresh veggies. Yum yum yum. Service was quick, took away salad plate brought entree. Iced tea was so good I asked for a to-go cup (think thirstbuster size) $40 (with tip) for two specials, one salad, a water and major iced tea....not bad for a boring Tuesaday night.
I like this restaurant.  Since it is so small I am a little intimidated to bring my small children though.  The food is good and if you sign up for their online club you get coupons fairly frequently.
I don't know why I always thought this place was and Italian style "Chipotle" counter service place.

I was WAY OFF and I was really pleased with what it was instead,
A quaint modern space with a jazzy vibe, that was comfortable and appealing with full waiter service.

Delicious sounding menu with very reasonable prices and great lunch specials.

To start we were served some bread with a very fresh basil pesto dipping sauce that was just delicious.

I ordered the Healthy Fish from the Lunch menu which was Linguine with salmon, asparagus,tomato and basil that was low in fat and butter, included was either minestrone soup or mixed green salad for $8.95. 
I chose the soup, it was so  so good and when my pasts arrived steaming hot it tasted even better than I thought it would, perfectly cooked pasta, thin and tender baby asparagus pieces and succulent chunks of salmon mixed throughout. It was the perfect amount of food and I loved every bite.(see pics)

My guest ordered the spinach and ricotta ravioli, lunch portion was only $5.75, it did not come with soup or salad though. It was also very tasty and fresh, another perfect portion size as well. (see pics)

For dessert we ordered the ricotta mascarpone cheesecake with amaretto biscotti crust and pine nuts with whip cream and berries (see pics)

It was good but not as good as It sounded, maybe we didn't get a fresh piece or maybe that's the way  ricotta mascarpone cheesecake is supposed to be....the the taste wasn't bad but the texture was thick and hard and a bit dry.

Overall great place     -1 star for the cheesecake
I really Love this place!
I stopped in for lunch and tried a couple new things. 

The Ravioli di Zucca Appetizer (see pics) which is:
roasted butternut squash ravioli with parmesan, brown butter,
sage and crumbled amaretti...OMG it was just delicious but a perfect appetizer to share , it's available in two sizes I got the small one.
The sweetness from the crumbled amaretti is a very nice touch.

I ordered the Healthy Fish again (see pics) and once again it was perfect!

My guest ordered the Penne Salsiccia (see pics) which had Italian sausage, caramelized onions and pecorino cheese! The sausage was really good and for just $5 you can't beat that!
Long time no yelp... so, I'm picky when it comes to Italian food and not a big fan of chain restaurants either. But this place is always GOOD. Took a date there Saturday night, I had the special risotto w/ clams, shrimp- very tasty. Also the Ravioli di Zucca (ravioli with brown sugar and parmesan) was a great starting appetizer. 

The only bad things about the night was the baby screaming a few tables down from us, oh... and the date. lol.
I pass this place all the time. I live practically across the street. It never dawned on me to go... until one fateful night when an intense pasta craving (read: I don't feel like making pasta craving) came over me. After a swift mafia- style u-turn into the parking lot, the hubski and  arrived at Pasta Pomodoro.

We were seated outside. The weather was nice. Something was missing. I looked across the parking lot and saw My Big Fat Greek Restaurant- a place carrying a scathing review from yours truly. It hit me. We were sitting outside and there was a major lack of cockroach. I know they are not supposed to inhabit restaurants, even the outside areas, but after my experience at MBFGR, I figured the area had a veritable infestation, Brooklyn-style. Not so. We didn't see one.
We did, however, see a cute little kitten running through the bushes. Not begging for food. Just being cute. Awwwww.

I ordered the ravioli di magro with pomodoro sauce- not a fan of gorgonzola, but it was an option. Tasty. It was perfectly al dente. Hubski had the fettuccine alfredo. That was lighter than most I have tried and it was tasty. One time, in NYC, I tried a fettuccine alfredo which was made at the table with steaming pasta in a gigantic wheel of cheese. It wasn't as good as that, but almost.

We'll go back- especially for the bellinis. If you don't know what a bellini is, drop everything right now and go to Pasta Pomodoro.
What a tragedy this place closed. There was no better place to go for Spag' and meatballs.
Very sad day......they had the best Tortellini.....Rest in peace Pasta Pomodoro
Regularly mess up your order.  Far too often ask you to pull around and forget to bring out food. One good note: Ralph in drive thru is the nicest senior citizen I've ever met!
The manager of this establishment has in inability to handle complaints, maintenance issues regarding the coffee machine, and counting money correctly. This is the 4th time I have had issues with my coffee order, 1st time: they just forgot to make it; 2nd time made incorrectly: 3rd time the wrong drink was made all together.... And this time: no coffee added to the order. The same manager handled the situation each time not in a timely manner whats so ever.
I have been to better fast food joints. They have a TV in the main part of the resturaunt and its always on ESPN!!! Blech!!  Who wants to watch sports all the time!

The salads are never fresh! The lettuce is frozen and the tomatoes are sometimes rotten. The other thing is there are some very disruptive kids and teens who come in and talk really loud and sometimes use obscene words and leave the tables they sat at a mess. The kids think that this some kind of a free hang out joint the management either doesnt notice or doesnt care! I come here all the time for quiet and I get it sometimes but then there are the time that the outdated 50's music is too loud and kids are screaming and yelling in the playplace. Tables are not cleaned consistently and the trash is sometimes overflowing. I really liked this McDonalds but since the owners and management dont seem to care about customers I can only say that I will be finding somewhere else to go to eat, relax and use my laptop (free wi fi). The free wi fi is about the only good thing about this Mickey D's besides the nice guy at the drive thru named Ralph.

I'll check out Starbucks and see what they have to offer by way of peace, quiet, and wi fi!  Sheez!  What an embarassment! (in the words of Chef Gordon Ramsay)
Today I ordered a large vanilla cone and paid for it the person at the counter  said "That'll be right up for you." Well it wasn't right up and I waited for 20 minutes before they finally got around to making it for me. Another time a couple years ago i ordered an ice cream cone and the boy who was working behind the counter made the cone and set it on top the ice cream machine and let it melt. when I asked why my cone was sitting there melting he said very rudely, " oh i forgot i made it. here you go." he said and handed me the cone. "I don't want the melted cone!" I said. I was furious and even more so when I had to argue with him that he owed me a new, fresh cone. What an embarassment! C'mon McDonalds, get your stuff together!!
I was sitting quietly using my laptop when two men came in a asked me if i owned a white SUV outside in the parking lot. A lady came out of the playplace and started out the door the men started yelling at the lady i dont know why. The men threatened to call the police and the lady in front of her kids used very obscene words loudly, such rudeness!

I think that those people should have escorted out of the place and the police shouldve been called.
there were some kids here today who were  talking about very innappriate subjects and are not even customers. there are some kids nearby who were listening to this crap. why are the kids allowed tocome in here?
I think this McD's is OK, but I think it could be updated a little. The TV in the main dining area is always on ESPN.  They need self serve drinks, they need a better, cleaner newer play place. I would bring my niece and nephew here, the playground is never clean and its always too noisy! Plus bigger kids come in and play (13-17 yrs. old) and I know that the little kids always clear out of the play ground because they are so scared.

I like the WiFi and I like to come here,  but I just think it could be a little more modern you know and maybe they could turn the music down a bit! 

I also think they should ask those annoying teenagers that use bad language and don't buy anything to leave and stop messing up the tables and leaving them that way.
I was here last night(9-2-12) with my neice and nephew, they in the play place and were watching a movie. My neice was playin the play place tubes and some stupid big guy shook the tubes by holding on to part of the play equipment thet sticks out. He shook it for about 5 minutes or so. I was calling my neice to see where she was, she didnt anwer so I sent my nephew up to find her, he couldnt find her. Finally she came down and told me that when the play place was being shaken and she hit her head and became dizzy. I was not feeling good and I had to keep an eye out for my nephew so without thinking I did not report it to the manager. (I should have I know)

Just a warning to all unsuspecting parents and caregivers who come to a play place expecting a safe place to play, beware of idiots who do stupid things like shake the play place equipment!

I hope that the owners and manager read this because something needs to be done
to keep the children who play here safe!
This place has the fastest drive thru!
Today I came here like usual to use the free WiFi and get a large drink. I always sit in the area by the restrooms and the TV because there is an outlet there. The TV seems to be stuck on a channel selling jewelry! I like this McDonald's I guess but it could be modernized a bit. It needs updating a lot! In the ladies room there is currently only one stall open. the other one is locked there is no handle on the door. Imagine that!
I think I''ll wait awhile before I come back here because maybe by then it will be updated!
Very friendly staff and decent food. Lots of kids in the play place. Pretty nice Mcdonalds.
During the day this place is acceptable, just to be served by a great guy named Ralph. He is a very cool senior with such a big heart.

The reason for the one star is that the service is so bad. If you are in a hurry go to the drive thru, that is where they focus their attention and pretty much ignore the guests in the lobby. However, you will get your food fast, just accept the fact that your order might be wrong.

This McDonald's is very close to our house and we sometimes stop in late night to get ice cream from the drive through. The service at night is beyond bad. They always have a difficult time giving back the correct change, the orders are wrong. 

The one thing that really stands out is the way they shove your food order at you in the drive through. We like the ice cream cones, you would think that if I am in the drive thru in my truck and I order ice cream, that you might want to take a little bit of care in making the cone. Like clock work, they start handing me ice cream cones ( shoving at me is more like it) the cones are dripping and the ice cream is falling off the cone. I really don't want melted ice cream spilled all over, I asked for a napkin, the girl replied "there is paper around the cone" 

For some reason, I keep thinking the service will be better at night, it never is.

If you want some late night entertainment, go though the drive thru at night. You must bring your sense of humor,Don't say, I didn't warn you.
I am so happy that a previous reviewer mentioned Ralph by name, because I didn't know his name but he is inspiring this review. Please keep in mind that I only go to mcdonalds a) in the morning and b) through the drive-through. The food is consistent because that's what McD does. This store doesn't mess up my order as frequently as others have. It's quick. And Ralph. Ralph is always there at the drive through, he takes your money. He is so kind that it's confusing, and he has on more than one occasion told us "Good job!" handing back our debit card. I don't know wtf we did a good job about but it's probably the first and only time you will hear that in your workday. Thanks Ralph, good job too.
It's a McDonalds, being consistently McDonalds.  If you've ever been to McD's, you know that they all taste exactly the same (I mean that in a good way).

I would have given it 3 stars but there's this really nice lady at the window that I see all the time and she always asks how my day is.

I like that lady.  Four stars for you.
Love Arby's. However a medium curly fries is allegedly 600(!) calories. So worth it though. 1 star off for their shakes being mediocre. They always seem to be pretty thin.
Damn You Chicken Tenders for being so tasty!
Excellent sandwiches even without sauce.. service has always been friendly and when the order came out wrong recently, I was handed the correct order with a sincere apology. Fast food restaurants rarely have staff who care enough to even offer an insincere apology, much less one that is sincere.. kudos!
Best fast food breakfast around!  Love the mornin' melt panini with bacon and tomato!  Their homefries are wayyyy better than those hashbrown greaseballs they have at most places....the coffee is great and service is very friendly!
This place went through a complete transformation! I have been coming to this Wendy's for 7 years and I couldn't believe my eyes when I walked in today. Saying they  remodeled is an understatement. The layout is completely different. The ordering process is much easier since the person taking the order is no longer the one fulfilling the order. Much faster and the food is good too!
Alright, I don't usually do reviews for these types of fast food restaurants because they usually speak for themselves.  Medium quality food with somewhat expensive prices. So this might be the only one I'll do.

Anyways, I used to dislike Wendy's growing up.  Was probably one of my least favorite fast food places.  Probably 2 years ago I retried this location (before the remodeling) and I was impressed.  They seemed to overhaul the quality of the food so that it was actually enjoyable.  So I went here probably 4 more times before they changed the building around.

So now they decide to fancy up the building just like all the McDonalds all around town.  I walk in and the place looks great for a fast food restaurant.  Open, spacious, really clean and the staff were nicer than usual, and yes, they kept the Coca-Cola freestyle machine (every restaurant should have these things!).

The food (yes a little pricey, it is a fast food restaurant) was as great as I remember, or hell, maybe even a little better.  Wendy's is probably my favorite fast food chain now because places like Burger King and Arby's seem to want to go downhill. This location is the best one I've been too and it's gotten better.  Check it out
Who doesn't love a little Arbys. Their window is probably one of the slowest around... but who cares. Are you really needing your food in 3 seconds?

Nah...

PS - I dream about the loaded potato bites!
Fast drive through just before 5pm! Got everything hot or cold( shake) and with a smile!
I need to show this Arby's some Yelp love.  I've probably been there 2 dozen times in the past 3 years and the food is always fresh and fast, and the employees are always friendly.  I was a bit disappointed when they stopped serving breakfast because their bacon, egg, & cheese croissants are waaaaay better than those gut bomb croissanmiches that BK sells.  But, I don't need to eat that stuff very often anyway, so it's ok.

I've had the new smokehouse brisket sandwich twice now and it's really good.  I think they could put a few more of those fried onions on it because I think the two times I've had it there've been like two.  It's still a great sandwich.  The brisket is very tender and smoky and you can't beat smoked gouda.  

For years I used to crave a Beef and Cheddar, but once I lived in St. Louis and had roast beast sandwiches at Lion's Choice I could never go back to Arby's for that.  I do enjoy the roast turkey and swiss sandwich at Arby's and have found that to be a good option when I'm traveling and my only choices are an Arby's, a Sonic, or a gas station.  That's really a tasty sandwich too.  I'm not big on fries or soda, but they usually have decent tea so I get by.
I have to comment on this Arby's. Every time I come here, I am struck by how spotlessly clean it is--from the front to the kitchen area. The food is also hot and fresh and the employees are friendly and good at their jobs. The manager here is obviously doing a great job!
3 Stars for the food, 5 Stars for the unique experience.....

I stopped by this McDonald's location for a quick lunch one day and ordered 2 Double Cheeseburgers and Large Fries.  While I was waiting for my food, someone told me about a free car show they host in the parking lot every Saturday night.

My food was ready and I had a decent lunch.  It's McDonalds, so my expectations are pretty low.  Not bad for a quick meal.

I then returned the next Saturday night to check out the car show.....it was pretty cool!  There are probably close to 100 cars here....everything from old classics (Chevy's, Corvettes, Camaros, Mustangs) to newer rice rockets (Acuras, Hondas, Toyotas) to exotics (Ferrari's, Lambos).  I was amazed!  Best part....it's FREE!

By the way.....the McDonalds was packed and making tons of money.....great idea!

Return Factor - 100% (the Car show was a lot of fun, will definitely be back)
Decided to stop by here (for the first time) last week for a quick fix. I'm not sure if this was an isolated incident, but this was not up to par with the consistency that I would expect eating at any other golden arches restaurant. In fact, both my Big Mac and my girlfriend's were surprising dry! I'm sorry but the secret sauce was not enough to save them! To top it off, we order combos and they really skimped out on the fries (the french fry containers were not overflowing full as I'm used to getting from other Mickey Dee's). 

Also, since they were new and for a "limited time" (and thank the man upstairs for that), we tried out the McBites instead of our usual McNuggets, only to find ourselves in utter disappointment. The McBites were super dry and very hard with very little meat to be found. They were more like fried batter that were sitting too long under a heat lamp. I'm not sure if I'd ever give this location a try again, there were just too many strikes in one instance. Moreover, we went through the drive-thru so it's not like we could've complained to the manager if we ate inside. Overall, this was a bad first impression at this location.
It's rare that I leave myself enough time to have breakfast before schlepping to work, but today happened to be one of those days (purely by accident (aka stupid garage door drama) I assure you!) so I head over to the McD's and order a #1 (Egg McMuffin) w/ a chocolate chip frappe...

Let's get this straight, right out the box...there are 4 stars for the frappe and my crispy delicious potato and negative 2 stars for the McMuff due to the dried up crusty piece of gristly canadian bacon and the not fully cooked egg...gross! 

G'bye protein! So I ended up with a grilled cheese english muffin...

I guess I should in some way thank them for pushing me one step closer to being the vegetarian I occasionally toy with becoming. My stomach is still churning at the memory of wet egg in my mouth. *hork*
I don't normally write reviews about fast food joints... In fact, I don't normally EAT at fast food joints. 

I pulled into the drive-thru for a quick chicken sandwich before a movie. I ordered my food, nothing crazy, just a crispy chicken sandwich with a little ranch added. I pulled up behind a car at the second window and then WAITED FOR TEN MINUTES. I know that isn't a huge amount of time, but what the hell were they doing in there? It's McDonald's! It's supposed to be super fast! When I finally got to the window, it was then another almost five minute wait. I asked the guy what was going on and said "there was a mixup with my food". Huh? You mean my lonely little chicken sandwich with ranch and pickles? Jeez, sorry to confuse you all!

Well, i finally got it, with like 5 minutes to spare before my movie. There was barely any ranch on it and it was cold. Blech.

This just reinforces why I never eat at crappy places like this. I guess it's my own fault.
Lol Watch "Food Inc" Then try to eat here ok? lMFAO :-)
When we lived in Chicago, one of the fun things our kids always enjoyed after a trip to the Adler or Science Museum was a visit to the "Rock 'N Roll McDonalds" on Clark Street.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/rock-n-roll-mcdonalds-chicago

Well, this is our own mini Arizona version of that Mickey Ds.

Most fast food places can only aspire to Three Stars in my book, given their uniform bland sameness.  The only differentiation are the employees or the theme/setup of the restaurant. How many of us like In 'n Out just for the ambiance?  

I'm not saying the folks who make the Animal Style have anything to worry from the Oakbrook crowd.  But, this Mickey Ds is fun. It even has pictures (not labeled) of the first restaurant that Ray Kroc built in Des Plaines, IL  It also has baseball cards, and other collectibles throughout the restaurant.  Nice!

All of the employees who work here seem to care and work hard at keeping the place clean and nice.

So in Yelp-ese, yes they're "Three Stars, A-OK". They check all the boxes to earn those three stars.  But, I would say they deserve an extra half star for it being interesting and fun, as well.
Went for breakfast this morning, and a roach crawled up my leg while sitting at my table. Went in the bathroom to get it off, and they were all over the place. Disgusting! Never eating here ever again.
Time for a review update.  I still love this place for the Saturday car shows, they get 5 Stars for that.  It's the longest running car show in Arizona I believe.  It's so much fun and it's free.

They get a bump up in stars because over the past 2 yrs, they've delivered great customer service and the food is always fresh by fast food standards.  Also, McDonald's has stepped up it's menu and offered a variety of new items that are tasty and unique.  Their Iced Coffee is very good...and I'm not a Coffee drinker.

I come here primarily for breakfast and an occasional lunch....and the car shows.

If you have a free Saturday night and like cars, give it a try....especially during the nice weathered months.

Return Factor - 100%
Went tonight (Saturday) and ordered a dipped cone for my grandson. Was told they had no dipped cones..hmmm.  Ordered a small French fries. They were the worst ever I have ever had at a McDonalds. They were cold, rubbery, and almost as bad as the manager who refunded my money after my insistence. This during the Saturday night car show . Store busy, no excuse for bad food and service. Will not be visiting this McDs again.Will gladly pay extra and go to Dennys...
I love this mcDonald's not just for its food but for it's 50's decor and ambience. One of the nicest Micky D's I've ever been in, for one thing. It is well kept up and maintained and their staff is top-notch. 

I love their food and whenever I am in the area, I come for the Saturday car shows. That is one big highlight this location offers and it's free and fun. 

If you're into classic cars, come check out their show and grab a bite to eat at this fine restaurant!
Great 50s decor ambiance and exceptional service. Very clean and fresh food. Glad to see a manager take so much pride. Other McDs should learn from this one. Will come again for sure.
My friend and I came here for a quick bite after a movie and found the service to be flat and the food very average.  

I hadn't been in an Arby's for a few years, but thought we would give them a try since Wendy's bought them a while ago.  UGH!  

I guess it will be a few more years before I come back.  Sorry, guys!
I'm giving this Arby's 4 stars based on comparisons to other Arby's or fastfood joints, not other restaurants. 

Anyways, basically here's what went down when I was here, Arby's  had some deal for a French dip value meal for $5 but I also wanted some beef & cheddar sandwiches and they were 2 for $5 as well. Basically I was a fat ass this day and ordered both deals, which I justified my gluttony by telling myself that I always spend $10 or more on lunch. 

This was an great lunch! I didn't eat it all but I got to eat all the stuff I wanted to. I have a strange Arby's guilty pleasure.
You started off so well....
I thought we could start a relationship out of this, but I guess not.
Web ordering my marketplace turkey sandwich, I clearly asked for no tomatoes. The girl behind the intercom even repeated this back to me. But of course what happens? I get my sandwich and on it are three red tomatoes slices.
I know I sound like a brat. I simply took the tomatoes off, but its the principle and quite simple to follow.
Out of all the Arby's I've ever been to, this is by far the cleanest and nicest, and has best quality of food.

I always eat Arby's after proctoring for a large SAT tutoring company on a Saturday or Sunday morning. It's a secret tradition I've decided to keep to myself...shh don't tell anyone! ;) Post making students fall asleep to a standardized test, I came here for my routine late breakfast.

This location has fresh food with more flavor than other locations. The food was ready quickly without error. Better yet, the walls didn't smell like 5-year-old curly fry oil.

The place is immaculate compared to most Arby's, and it even meets my high standards for cleanliness that are usually way above what I actually get at a fast food place.

The people are nice and move quickly. I feel bad for them because the average age of the people rolling in here is about 71.6 years, so they have some picky, stubborn customers. They trend to be overly critical...don't believe a word they say. Luckily most of those fogies don't know how to Yelp, or what the internet is.

Also Tasha is new, but she is fabulous. She gives customer service with a smile and seems to be a genuinely nice person, concerned with making people happy. Give her a compliment for me if you read this, go to this location, and have her ring you up. :) #payingitforward
For a fast food restaurant Arbys is the place to go when you don't want a burger.  The food is good, potato cakes enjoyable and service is nice.  I'm not crazy about the breakfast sausage, it way to salty, otherwise, it's o.k.
I seldom eat at McDonalds but my grandson prefers them and I like to cater to his likes when he viisits. Last evening was our third trip there and if I can help it it will be the last, It gets dirtier every time we go, the service staff are very unfriendly and many need training, they frequently are out of something or the machine is down, and they often get the order wrong. While this McDonalds is about 5 minutes from my home, I will spend another 15 minutes each way to go to another one in Scottsdale.
Ever see that film by Morgan Spurlock about McDonald's called "Super-Size Me?" I didn't eat at McDonald's for at least two years after being grossed out by that movie! That being said, my Wife and I were super tired, heading out for a camping weekend at night, and we needed something to eat. Along Shea Blvd there in Fountain Hills, there's Wendy's, which I have given up on (expensive, small, and crappy); Taco Bell (NEVER); Arby's (weird, fake roast beef); Subway (genera-sandwich); & a few others. Long and the short of it is this... This food was just plain lousy, tasteless, grotesque, cold, and supremely awful! Had some chicken-part nuggets dipped in sugar sauces of your choice, an "Angus" burger, and the fries were cold, gritty, and tasteless. I really can't understand how and why people eat "food" at these places? Besides the totally disgusting food, the bill was like 18 bucks for the two of us, there were flies all over, and people were smoking just outside the entrance. I was grossed out for the rest of the evening- So much so, we postponed the camping trip and left the next morning because we were both a little upset to our stomachs. Think I'm exaggerating? Go eat there yourself.
It was 11:30am and my wife was out with the girls for lunch and I was craving a nice greasy McDonald's hamburger and fries. This McDonalds was on my way home from a meeting and was the perfect place to fulfill my gastric cravings.
At the drive through I ordered a quarter pounder with cheese meal. I live about 5 minutes from the McDonalds and my mouth was watering all the way home. Got home and unpacked my goody bag. I took one bite of the hamburger expecting my cravings to be answered. Well...the bun was HARD, the burger DRY and the fries were like dry straw! At least the diet coke was as advertised! 
I landed up throwing it all in the trash and eating a leftover salad from the fridge. 
The quality control at that McDonald's is horrible and I will never go back there again and would tell others to do the same for take out. Eat in, you can always go back to the counter and get a freshly made replacement.
Gross food horrible parking.
It's a bathroom stop.  Food is bad, place is always dirty, people are okay, iced tea is good.  Playground's always dirty, I would never let my kid play there.  Yuck.
What can you say about Panda Express Fast Food?----It's fast and that's it.  Nothing to get your palate all excited about or go out of your way for...It is just plain ol' sustenance at a glance.  Put your money down and they stuff you.  Now move it!

Pros about this franchise: It's fast!---
Cons about this franchise: It's fast!---

As they would say in older Taco Belch commercials----"Want Some?"
This is located in the local area mall.  Only had a few people in front of me in line and it was moving incredibily slow.  Overall food was good.  How could you go wrong with Orange Chicken?
All I wanted were some deep-fried foods.  Spring rolls, crab rangoon, maybe some rice to go with.

The rangoon might have been passable even without crab, but it was soggy along the bottom.  The spring rolls were crisp, but I don't think I even have words for what was wrong with the flavor.

Never again.
Always have had good food here! They never seem to be busy. However going through the drive through will take about 10 minutes because they freshly fry your order.
Stopped here to get dinner for the family cuz Long John Silvers has always been a favorite of mine. I was suprised to find it wasn't busy. The store was clean, the staff was friendly & helpful, and the food was prepared quickly. When the guy brought me my food he asked if I wanted sauce and I said yes some of everything.
When I got home and looked in the bags I was disappointed to find no Tartar sauce, no malt vinegar,  and a whole bunch of ketchup.  :(  Then I discovered  the next disappointment when I started eating the food. I sure do remember the fish pieces being alot bigger. The onion rings were not very good, the hush puppies weren't cooked all the way,  and the fries were soggy! Not that it mattered really cuz I wont eat any of it without malt vinegar!  Ugh! What a waste of $45.
I was pretty surprised eating here; the food is actually pretty good and freshly fried. After eating about 1000 freshly fried carbs however your bodies metabolism slows to one akin to Jabbity Hut's.

The food here is like Chris Tucker's line from Rush Hour - 
"Damn, Chin, this is some greasy sh**." 

Indeed a $4 pile of greasy goodness
I was outraged when I stopped here , the cashier took 10 minutes to figure out the previous order and when she was asked to ring an item up she said "really". I lost patience and left this establishment  .
It was SO cold today!  So here I was, chillin' like ice in my cube pretending to be hard at work when it struck me.  While my salad in the fridge might be the healthy choice, I was freaking COLD and there was no way I was eating more coldness.  I wanted warm comfort food.  But without the sit down comfort food prices.  

Chili.  

Wendy's has Chili.

For less than $3 and in less than 10 minutes round trip, I had a big thing of chili, an order of chicken nuggets and I was headed back to the office.  

Broke up the crackers, stirred into the chili.  Mmmmm... heaven.  You can get it with extra onions and/or w/ cheese on top.  Small 99cents, large is like $1.75.  

Yea, Wendy's is good for your standard drive through burger stuff too, and I happen to love the heck out of their dollar menu, but nothing beats Chili in the drive through on a cold day!
Wendy's gets knocked from time to time for rocking square beef patties and flaunting their salads and soups as "healthy." Though I can't really speak to the soups or salads, I'll tell you what I can speak to: frosties. 

Eat a burger, fries and a frosty and tell me you're not satisfied afterwards. Because you'll be lying through your teeth. 

Wendy's is cheap, fast, and if you don't like it, well I guess I just don't believe you.
This Wendy's drive through is open late. Like most Wendy's the food is tasty, cheap, and comes out quick. Not much else to say, it is a Wendy's...
Love Wendy's new salads and burgers. This was my first visit to this particular location and I found it to be very clean. I felt bad for the guy running the cash register because no one was helping him but he was very polite.
I'm a total sucker for Sonic. I know I know. Fast food is fast food, and it's never "good" or "healthy." Fine. But if you're going to drive thru, drive thru here. 

The thousand island burger is tough to beat and the specialty drinks are also hard to come by. For example, where else in town are you going to find a cherry-limeade? At 1 in the morning? 

It even occassionally passes the girlfriend test as she gets cravings for Sonic grilled cheese. You can substitute tater tots for fries free of charge and let those greasy little golden nuggets soak up the booze from a long night of drinkin. 

Shakes are bomb, desserts are money, and everything is cheap. 

Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you to Jake's Guilty Pleasure #1: Sonic Drive-In.
Stressed and having a bad day in general this Sonic was like a neon sign flashing.  Comfort food!  Ice Cream!  Drive Through!

15 minutes later I've finished off that heavenly soft and buttery grilled cheese sandwich and I'm taking a sip of their new Banana pudding shake. (The Chocolate Peanut Butter had been planned, but this was even better.)  Yea, yea. It's not healthy.  It's not even close to healthy (unless I was seriously dairy deficient).  But ya know what?  On a day today that stinking Lean Cuisine wasn't going to do it.  

The dude at the window didn't even make eye contact. He gets 2 stars.  But the girls on skates seemed fairly happy even though it was already getting pretty warm.  

As a general rule, their burgers are pretty good - but their Coney's are the best.  It's trash food, but it's a level of "comfort" trash food that you're just not going to get at Jack in the Box.
I go frequently because every day, from 2-4pm, 44 oz. strawberry limeades are on "happy hour". But more importantly, chunks of more or less real strawberries come up the straw into your mouth. There are also real limes down in your gargantuan tankard of ice crunch and sweet sweet nectar. For a dollar. 

Sometimes I get something big and fried at Sonic and it makes me feel a little gross, but on the whole their food is great if you can handle its intensity of flavor. I should note that I have a very fond memory of eating bacon cheeseburgers (and the aforementioned strawberry limeades) there after a hard day's work, but that could have been the heat and poverty of the Tennessee county in which I was day laboring, or my avid youth, or the sheer novelty of my new southern surroundings. I do stick more to drinks and desserts if I go here though.

Total Americana - there's a lot of junk to pick through, but you can make your personal choice for something special. I chose limeade.
If you're from the Chicago area, you'll be glad to finally see a Sonic and not just see the commercial for it!  I just HAD to go when I moved here, and it's so worth it.  I haven't tried any food, but the slushes are the best because they're so fresh AND refreshing.  They put whole chunks of fruit in them (what fast food place does that?), and if you go between 2-4PM any day, the drinks are all half off.  Drive-thru and drink up!
I was a little apprehensive returning to another Sonic after some really bad experiences at locations in California but eating here made me a believer again. Needless to say I've been back twice since the original visit and its starting to show.
This will always be my fav Sonic ! I go to the ones out here and Idk it doesnt feel the same ! But i miss it ! Hopefully Ill get to visit soon ! Great for those late night cravers !
Good for a late night stop or a snack. Their grilled cheese is pretty good considering it's fast food. I've gotten fries and onion rings one or two times though and they tasted really weird...like an unusually strong oil flavor. I think it tasted like they maybe hadn't changed their oil out in awhile...yummy. Not. Haha. They have the little pellet style ice which is great of course. Overall, okay fast food. I don't think it's any better than getting other fast food though.
Food isn't great except for the tots... the tots are delicious. I also really like the $1 mini candy deserts. It's just the right size and so yummy! But ultimately, the 4 stars are for the drinks. Cherry and strawberry limeades, watermelon slushy.. the possibilities are endless. This place is a nice treat when the weather gets warm!
Love the food and drinks here and the staff is super friendly, but the drive-through wait can be REALLY slow. We've been going here regularly for about 10 months since we moved to the area and about 6 months ago, started noticing the long waits at the drive-through. We went a few weeks ago close to midnight and were told that their computers were acting up, so they were taking orders at the window. There was one car ahead of us at the window. Twenty-five minutes later and we were STILL waiting behind the other car. This is NOT fast food and all we wanted were a couple drinks. We ended up leaving and going somewhere else - haven't returned since. Really disappointing as we like this place for all other reasons.
For fast food it,s classic,down to the tater tots ans grilled cheese,come on,and that cherry limeade section,so gooood.but I just had the new fully loaded blazing jalepeno burgers,cup.overload with spice and not hot flavor,and drowned in some kind of bbg hot sauce introduced with a small patty that they tried to upsale me a double patty,but other than that get dog fool and some cheese tots duh
Taters tots are always good,ole tyme comfort food with ketchup.the new hot dogs.the club,and the onion and bbq.not so great.to much extras on it,the dogs are good,i would rather go to teds for that,but still good.a grilled cheese and tots night with cherry limeade is always good,never fail.makes a fat kid cry with joy,a pure maouthgasm
Sonic in general serves up a pretty tasty diet cherry limeade and some indulgent milkshakes that allow you to mix several flavors in, such as strawberry chocolate or banana pineapple.  They have happy hour from 2-4 P.M. each day on their drinks (such as limeades) and slushes.  They have gotten rid of a lot of their chicken options though, which saddened me as I was a fan of their chicken club toaster.  This Sonic location might have some problems with their microphone at the drive through, because our orders seem to get confused more often than at other fast food places.
The food's OK (corn dogs, tater-tots, chili cheese coney), but where they really shine is in the drink department - the most important in the Valley of the Sun.

My favorites are:

cherry lime slush, strawberry limeade, ocean water and blue coconut slush (same as the ocean water, just in slush form).

If you go during happy hour (2-4) you can get half price drinks! What's not to love?
Every time I've been there they have messed up my order in some way. The first time I ordered a sonic blast w Carmel. They charged me for Carmel but there was none in it plus the bottom of the cup was busted and my ice cream was leaking out. The next I went I ordered a reese sonic blast and a snickers, they were both snickers. Very upset I haven't been back and I love that place.
...bottom line, i hate this place. slimey brown lettuce, over riped and mashy tomatoes. they never get your order right, even the tots suck here. close this place down soon. i'm never going back
Ordered a strawberry slush, watermelon slush, cherry slush, and coke slush. Sounds fairly simple, right? Instead, they forgot the watermelon slush and brought out a pia colada slush instead of the coke slush. The girl at the drive-thru was rude when we pointed out the obvious mistake with the pia colada slush and claimed my white colored slush was "definitely" coke. I don't think so. We pulled ahead to wait for the watermelon slush and received a cherry slush. Ugh. When I asked to have my coke slush corrected, the car hop ignored me and hurried away. What kind of customer service is this? Won't be going there again.
They really need to get a better drive-through speaker.  I had to repeat my order 5 times after waiting several minutes to even get someone to take my order.  When I went to the window, my order was still wrong, which was then fixed.  I got home, to discover that even with the correction at the window, they gave me the wrong shake.  I've had problems ordering from this drive-through almost every single time I've been here, but this was the last straw.  Never planning on ordering from here again.
when it's 2:30 in america and the last bastions of late night solice abandon you where do you go? Well you go to Sonic's

And late night the chili cheese tots and value menu is on point

So much so you barely  remember the crusaders of the dark who serve your meals with a friendly hello and delivery of your high carb goodness

DAYUM IS IT GOOD at 2:30~
I love Sonic's amazing selection of drinks, slushes, shakes, malts, and pretty much and variation of beverage.  Usually the speedy service is also a plus when it comes to picking up some quality fast food.  However, I was there the other night and chose the drive-thru (versus parking and ordering), and wound up sitting in line for over ten minutes before I opted to get out of line and just park.  Two different cars ahead of me either had massive orders, indecisive drivers, or incompetent order-takers.  It could have been all three, but it was the longest wait I've ever experience, with no one attempting to move it along any quicker.

I will note, however, that the strawberry slush I eventually brought home was refreshing and amazing.
Went through the drive through for some breakfast. First thing I was greeted with was a very unfriendly staff, not even hello. The young lady never even smiled! Seems like she just hates her job, or me. Anyways, I ordered 2 breakfast burritos, one with no cheese. The speed of gettin the food was good and they got my order correct, which surprised me cause they have always gotten it wrong. The burritos Tasted ok, not highly recommended.
Me and my wife came when there was almost no one at this location. We ordered tots and medium hot fudge shakes. They brought us hot fudge sundaes. Then after we got our food they came back out and asked us to re-park our car in the empty parking lot because we pulled in backwards. We will not be returning to this poorly managed Sonic.
Volunteered for a local non-profit in this area years ago, and frequently stopped here on my way in . . . For drinks, that is!

When it comes to refreshing summer concoctions on the cheap, Sonic is hard to beat. 

I love the Diet Cherry Limeades and the Lemon Berry Slush! 

Not a fan of Sonic's grub; the mystery meat burgers are pretty sketch. But the Mozzarella Sticks aren't bad!  

Everyone here was very friendly. Great service too.
Wow.... where do I start? 
Well about a week ago I ordered a burger and a side, I received the wrong burger and the wrong side, but I had already rode my bike home. So I called the manager on duty, lets call him "T". He was SUPER kind and wrote me down for a comp the next time I came in which was tonight. 
I came all the way from phoenix but wanted to claim my free meal on the way home so I stopped in. It took them 15 MIN to bring out my comp order, but it was wrong again because they didn't read the order back to me to verify (and they never have). So I told the carhop and it took another ten minutes to get the correct burger out to me. By this time, my side item was cold. I had every intention of tipping the carhop even though I was claiming a free order. But she was so distant and lacked people skills and didn't remember the things I requested and didn't look me in the eyes, plus my order was wrong a third time. By the time I rode home, my food was cold (I even had it in a warm environment for the whole journey) and there was little to no condiments on my burger! Who wants a dry burger? Not this guy.
All I can say, is the night manager on duty every time I go there looks like a punk (hood always covering his face, and I sound old for saying that, but I'm a 25 year old punk rocker myself, haha) and the kitchen seems to be stoned because I witnessed 3 inaccurate orders while I was trying to claim mine. 
My main complaint is that I worked at Sonic for over 2 years, and this kind of behavior at my locations would've gotten me fired. I've returned to the restaurant business since then and my philosophy is STILL to treat the customer how you would like to be treated. What's so hard about that?! Yeah, it's fast food. Yeah, they get paid minimum wage. But if you cant even follow your recipes, common sense, and core values, you don't deserve to have the job. There's many people out of work who would kill to have a job, even at Sonic.
It's sad because this location is RIGHT by my house and it's good for a quick, cheap meal, but I will not be returning. This is absolutely the WORST Sonic experience I've ever had and it's the worst Sonic I've been to. What a shame, too, because it's in such a nice area. Maybe it's just the night crew since that's the time I usually visit, but all I know is this location needs a revamping of values and employees.
My fiance and I arrived roughly around 1020 and ended up leaving at 1105 without our order. No one bothered to check up on us and I was too pissed off after waiting more than 40 minutes to even dare ask. The car that arrived at 1055 got their order within 10 minutes and that's what pissed us off the most.  I have a feeling the kid never registered our order to begin with as it doesn't take 40 minutes to at least make a shake.
Went here today with a gift card. It wouldn't work in the card reader at the drive up spot, so I asked the server to help. I had just got the card so I knew there was money on it. They ended up having the manager come out, but no one could get it to work. They ended up paying for the whole meal, which I really appreciated because I really only dropped by because I had the card.
Is this a 5 star resteraunt, no, but the service was outstanding and the food was good for being fast food. I really like their shakes (hoping the do 1/2 off shakes again this summer) & happy hour drinks (especially the strawberry limeade)!
I would give zero stars if I could. After waiting in the drive-through for half an hour they told us they cannot take credit cards.
Really friendly and great food as always. However, they need a new speaker system in drive through because I always have to drive to window to order.
I think if you go to Arby's you know what you are getting into and compared to some of the other Arby's it's pretty good. Granted, it's never going to be perfect, this is fast good not fine dining.  I have received under cooked fried foods, and some dishes are overly spicy. Limit menu, i'd rather go else where, but for what it is, this place is decent.
What I like best about this location are the friendly people that work there. Very clean inside and out. Good location, good food served quickly with a smile. And they take gift cards :)
Worst customer service I have ever experienced at an Arby's. Maybe they were having a bad day?




Food was still good. Mountain Dew sucked though.
Went not expecting much as I have been to Arby's numerous times.  I went through the drive thru this time where I was greeted kindly, but the service was pretty slow.  The food was exactly what I expected, and my appetite was satisfied.  Recommend if you're looking for something other than your typical burger and fries.
It's an Arby's, food tastes like every other Arby's. 

However, the service is consistently good and that's important when you're trying to cram a quick lunch within a half hour break, so they get a few stars from me.

Edit: This outlet didn't honor their nationwide promotion of free curly fries after a Matt Kenseth NASCAR win. The cashier didn't even know who Matt Kenseth is, and made me feel like an idiot trying to collect on a dollar side item. What the crap?
The service here is decent. The food is blah. I went here because I was starving. I don't think I will go back for anything but the Jamocha shake.
Arbys's it's a fast food place and what more can u say about the food. The food I recieved tasted like anything from another one of their stores. My fries were fresh and my sandwich hot. So for the food dept it was good.

What I really wanted to write about was the service I recieved. I believe the manager was on duty and she rang me up it was Kristen or Kurstin I can't quite remember. She was extremely polite and super friendly. The rest of the staff seemed very happy and the atmosphere here was just plain wonderful. I really felt welcome and had a nice dining expeirence. It's good to know that there are some people who can still provide great customer service in the fast food industry.
It's an Arbys.  The food is good, the prices are fair, and the employees are competent and friendly.

What really sticks out at this Arbys is the faded, mid 1980's decor and the over squishy booth cushions that threaten to suck you, butt first, into the lower bowels of the booth's framework!!

For crying out loud, I recently sat at a booth and sank down so low I looked like a 3 year old, barely able to see over the tabletop, and the next booth wasn't any better.  O_0  Fix that crap, STAT!
I only went through the drive thru earlier today, but, everything I could see was clean and Melissa was manning the window, great smile, super friendly.  I was able to see two two of the other employees and they all seemed to work well together being friendly AND efficient, wasn't even going to check in until I had such a great experience.
This Arby's 3 out of 5 Stars

The several times I have gone here the fries (curly) have tasted like the oil they fry it in needs to be changed, which should be done consistently or they taste very sour, and have a burnt taste. this is on the Management. The roast beef has always been fresh and tasty, but If I go back to this particular Arbys, I substitute the fries for something else. I hope the Mgmt gets the hint, and has their employees change the fryer oil, when it expires or you will keep selling a poor product.
Jack in the box is one of my favorites for fast food. The food here tastes good and is made fresh. For breakfast I like to get the Hearty Bowl it has all the breakfast foods mixed in including hash browns and it's pretty filling. You can't go wrong with the 2 tacos for 99 cents either, put some taco sauce on that and its good.
I have a weakness for Breakfast Jacks. I don't know why. This one is notorious for either giving you an incomplete order, or not being able to understand the workers, as I speak English. I mean that in the nicest way possible. (But check your order before you leave.)
Eh, I was hungry, nothing else was open at 3am.
It took forever for my food to be made, yet it was cold when it came out.  Jack in the box used to be so good, crappy service now and shitty food
Every once in a while I stray from my normal breakfast of a bowl of Cheerios and a glass of orange juice.  Mostly on weekends and usually for something healthy.  But once in a while you just need greasy fast food.  Jack does that about as well as anybody.  And my faith in him was reaffirmed as my favorite breakfast sandwich (sourdough), while no longer on the menu, is still available.  

I have been stopping at this location for breakfast on occasion for the last 15 years.  It is starting to show a little wear around the edges and this morning I noticed the whole dining room had been rearranged and sort of looks weird because it no longer matches the footprint of the carpet.
NOT a fan of this Jack in the box at all! I went through the drive through and all i wanted was a milkshake. I was clear with my words and she had no idea what i wanted. She took forever to respond too. After she found out what i wanted, they werent serving it. This has happened a couple times now and its really annoying that their employees cant understand whats on the menu that i am ordering.
This was the first Carl's Jr I ever ate at.  The Realtor showing me rental houses back in '93 took me here for lunch.  The lunch was fine.  The only property he showed me that would accept pets I filled out the paperwork for only to find out cats are not pets according to that owner.  I also forgot my hat as we left.  Even though I drive by it several times a week I seldom stop as it doesn't fit my schedule.

This morning I had their breakfast burger, which I have had before, and with beef, bacon, egg, hashbrowns and stuff it really is a breakfast on a bun.  Even at 6AM on a Saturday they were doing a steady stream of business at the drive through but only one other customer at the walk up counter.  I am sure this location has been remodeled since my first visit over 16 years ago.  It is in very god condition.
I been eating here off and on over the last 15 years but I wouldn't call myself a regular.

They have great burgers, fries and shakes.  They are a great value.

They also have a humongous breakfast sandwich.

I feel guilty eating her sometimes hahaha.  I probably eat Carl's Jr 1-3 times a year.

Carl's Jr is A-OK!

P.S. Try their Bacon Gucamole Western Angus Burger the burger itself is $6 but the meal is oly $8.75 after taxes.
Well I was coming home from the Cubs vs Whitesox game at Camelback ranch and I hadn't realized how the heat had took out of me. I was lightheaded....drowsy....and I had a mild headache. So I realized I had not eaten anything really all day.....so I decided to stop at Carl's Jr because I know they have an awesome Jalapeno Turkey Burger. I had the combo with fries and a drink and it really hit the spot. This particular location is pretty clean....the service is good....and I got my food very quickly after I ordered. I don't get to Carl's Jr much because there is not one really close to me....but in the future when I come from a spring training game for the SOX.....Carl's Jr will be definitely be a must stop if I am hungry. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
Got coupons in mail that brought this Carl's to mind this morning and so made slight detour to stop by on my way to work, but the results were a bit grim.   I decided to go in and found the really large dining area to have one person in it, doing crossword puzzles.  There was no one at the counter, no customers, no staff.  Within about 30 seconds a young man with a headset came out of the kitchen to collect payment and hand food out the drive-up window, and who came over to work the counter and take my order as well.  There appeared to be, or at least I only caught sight of one person in the kitchen.  The drive-thru line was growing, food was slow coming out.  The young man stepped back to the kitchen apparently to assist as he returned bearing food to hand out the window.  Two more people entered.  At this 7:30 AM or so, they were out of some kind of spicy something one of the guys wanted to order.  

I told the young man I was going to the restroom while awaiting my order.  The large, empty-but-for the guy doing crosswords was at least clean, as was the men's room, though the dark tile floors I think gave it a somewhat dated look, and stainless sink and no mirror, made it seem a little jail-like.  The stalls and fixtures were adequately clean and there was no trash on the floor, but there was no soap in the dispenser.  Paper towels were omitted in favor of a hand dryer.   

My order was ready when I got back to the counter.  My Monster b'fast biscuit was BIG but kind of nauseatingly greasy. I couldn't eat the second one that came with the coupon deal, but my compliments on the orange cream shake.  It was kind of thin, compared to most fast food shakes, but slurped easily through a straw, and was quite good.  I might go back to give their burgers and sweet potato fries a try again for the first time in a couple of years, but not exactly feeling the urgency - even with coupons. 

My compliments to staff for their performance under the (badly understaffed) circumstances.
Idk but there cook on 2-19-14 around 6pm made one the best burgers I've had from there I will be back !!
9:05 am and no one at the counter. We yelled back to the kitchen...HELLO and some lady yelled hello back, but no one ever came out front to take our order.....
we went to Dennys across the parking lot......
Jim Beam burger and sweet potato fries oh my so very good love this place and the best part they are going to have the biscuts like Hardees
Went through the drive-thru today-- got my friends the cod sandwich. Several hours later, one friend had digestive problems. I've gone there before without incident, but i'd double check to make sure the food is cooked enough. Perhaps nuke it for a minute in the microwave at home to be safe.
I don't care who says Carl's is the least healthy fast food place. Their double western burger, and criss-cut fries are legit! I hate going into a fast food place and them giving me stale ice tea, but this location nailed it with a fresh batch.

Food came out fresh and fast, and my order was correct. What else can you ask for out of a fast food place?
Horrible drive threw service. They are always out of food and the wait time feels like forever. They forgot most of my order half the time and had to go back to get and they wanted to give me the old stuff instead of making it new. Then when we talk to the manager she didn't even care just said "ok" a lot.
My NYE resolution was to stay away from fried foods. I tried, I really tried. That was until someone popped the question "What do you want from Sonic?"

It was a co-winkie-dink or maybe a sign from fate because I was looking at a Sonic coupon flyer (the ones you receive in the mail) and I was wondering what the burrito with the Frito's tasted like. Sign or no sign I was going to stick to my resolution. I responded, "Nothing, but thank you for asking."

As Fate would have it, I received my utmost fave fried junk food in the WWW! A corndog. I scarfed that puppy down, chewed on the crunchy batter that is stuck to the stick in no time flat.

I *heart* Sonic's corn dogs!

PS - 2pm - 4pm it's happy hour! Drinks half off! Woo Hoo for the Cherry Lime-aide.

4 stars because they have great customer service!
As we rode in the back seat of the car down a street in Buckeye that I can't remember the name of, I saw a bunch of neon glowing around a building in the distance.  I asked the man driving, "What's that off in the distance there?"

He looked slightly confused for a second. "With all the neon?"

The neon was pretty much the only thing you could see across the dark desert night. "Yes."

"That's a Sonic," he said.

Now, I live in Chicago. I see commercials near everyday for Sonic, but there aren't any within 100 miles of here. Why they torture Chicagoans with images of yummy food, tasty drinks, and ice cream desserts that we would have to travel for hours upon hours to get, I know not. Here was my chance though. I could finally have some Sonic. I asked him to stop there, and he did.

It's a 50s-inspired drive-in! I don't see too many drive-ins around anymore. You pull into a spot next to a menu with a speakerbox. You place your order. A person who works there brings it out to you on a special tray that goes over your window. Very cool.

We got burgers and a corndog and sundaes and other stuff too. It was all good. The service was good. I greatly enjoyed my first Sonic experience, and I look forward to getting to one again on future travels.
I asked Siri where the nearest Sonic was and she told me to go to this one. The funny thing is that I kept thinking Siri must be crazy as I drove past cotton fields, horse farms, and what looked like deserted homes... finally I came upon something called OLD TOWN Buckeye and yes, Siri was right.. there is a Sonic there!  

I am a huge fan of their ice. I know that sounds really weird, but Sonic has crushed ice, which makes any kind of drink so much better.

If you like the old car hop, diner style food, this place has a lot to offer. I would prefer it had a better location, but the service and food were on par with any other location.

I like to park and have them skate the food out, I like that they have the little order speaker at every parking spot, so you can be lazy and not even get out of your car. LOL.

My fave thing to get is a toaster and tots and if i am feeling very evil, a banana split!

They really have some good drinks too.. all sorts of mixtures. I would drop in more often for a slush if it weren't so out of the way.
Thanks for having happy hour sonic.
Arby's has to be worst of the worst of fast foods. The meat tastes unreal like it came from a polyester cow or something. I have yet to get anything at Arby's that I like. It is one of those places one goes with the crowd not because you want too.
I have been eating at Arby's since I was a kid and like some of their items. 
However, their breakfast was really bad. I will never eat that breakfast again, it was disgusting. Sorry Arby's....please dont do breakfast !!
I would agree with Jacob as well since Arby's is reliable, tasty and has different items than other FF places.   Ah, they have tasty Roast Beef along with those curly fries / Arby sauce (also like the Chicken CordonBlue).
here is the latest failed health inspection done at arby's on 07/02/2008......enjoy. this can be found at ...http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=food%20establishments%20search&as_type=food

establishment ran out of gloves and employees were handling food with bare hands. employee went to store to buy gloves and came back with latex gloves, which are not permitted. employee returned to store to buy non-latex gloves.

tip of large knife was broken off. knife was set in manager's office to be discarded.
Fast Food is not my favorite place to dine but we decided to stop in and try the new Philly sandwich they were promoting and put it to a test.

Let me say that I was pleasantly surprised as the sandwich was hot, juicy and full of flavor.  The shell of the bread was crusty yet soft and delicate inside.  

When I placed my order, I told the woman behind the counter I had not eaten here in sometime and this might make or break my decision to come back.  She was very polite, used my name, promoted the new item and then brought it to my table when it was ready.

Overall the customer service at this sore was exceptional for a fast food joint.  The sandwich was tasty and I would certainly go back for another.
Arby's is an old favorite. The market fresh sandwiches are awesome. But it's their curly fries that bring me back. If you want something different for fast food not the same old burger joint give this place a try.
Was late coming home from work and was TIRED.  Hubby called and asked me to get dinner.  I liked my swiss, bacon, & chicken comb.  My hubby got 4 of those roast beef sandwiches.  They have shrunk in size!  Honey, I shrunk the sandwich.  LOL!  It was still good but much smaller.
I usually drive through for food.  Friendly and quick service.
I love Arby's and this location is never skimpy with the meat on the sandwich.  They are super friendly to me and my dogs.  What other fast food restaurant gives your dog (when you are going through the drive through) a bone!
Arby's is good you know it is
Manny from modern family was here
Arbys is so much better now that a new manager works there.I give big props to Adam! He keeps everyone happy like any manger would. I just want to know why isnt he the GM???..Scott hes just a sweet guy hes fast ,clean and friendly!arby looks clean! Everyones friendly and the environment feels good now that Adam is working here! I love coming into a good manager and facility.I dont like Arlette so much I see how she works and shes always in her office.the  performance of the workers  at its best with Scott and Adam leading the team! Keep up the good work guys!
I felt like chicken mcnuggets one day after shopping.  So on the way home, I decide to through the drive thur to get my lunch and something for the hubby too.

10 McNuggets - OMG, they were HARD not crispy
Quarter Pound with cheese - Ok, the buns were a little hard
McDouble with cheese - Hubby, same taste and the bun was soft
Fries are GOOD!

Do not know if it is this location or an off day for McD's.
The casher handled money and made my order without washing her hands, Yuck!!
terrible services... you have to reminded them to give you condiments..
Fast enough just doesnt feel like the same selection than the one in Goodyear maybe I'm crazy ...
They literally got every single part of my order wrong except for the drink.  

I drove through about 15 minutes before close.  Not unreasonably last minute.  But everything looked shut down.  I ordered a burger with no bun because I have a wheat intolerance.  Right away the person taking my order seemed baffled.  "No fries?"  "No, no bun."  Ok.  I tried to order a broccoli cheese potato because I know some Wendy's have this or use to have it, but they said they only had sour cream and chive or chili cheese.  No problem, I'll take chili cheese.  Then  a Jr. chocolate frosty.   

The first thing he handed me was the frosty.  It was vanilla.  I had to wait until the order was finished about 5 minutes later before I was able to speak to him again and request a chocolate instead.  Then I glanced in my bag of food and the burger  clearly had a bun.  Okay I can't just remove the bun, because just the contact with the burger is enough for a reaction.  But honestly I was too afraid to ask them to remake it because by this time they were about 5 minutes till close and I was afraid they'd spit in it or something.  I'll just give it to my husband and the potato will be my dinner.  Then I got back to my hotel, got out the potato (with no fork or utensil) and it was a CHIVE potato.  No chili or cheese.  Just a dry potato with chives.  There wasn't even any sour cream on it or in the bag.  Great.
Don't eat here. 16 min stuck in drive through and once there is a car or two behind you your stuck for the whole crazy trip. 16 min two combos, I left with three large fries and a horrible tasting Chibatta burger, could not eat it. Also ordered a hamburger with no cheese and only ketchup.  I asked them to check to see if it had cheese on it and it did. So they replaced it with a large fries. Stay away. No big deal just pass this place.
Dry burger with very little toppings. 1 slice of tomato, 1 leaf of lettuce, 1 ring of onion, and a dab of mayo and ketchup. I'll find a different Wendy's next time.
Just recently stopped off on my way home from work, called mama if she wanted anything for lunch? So she thought be a good idea to get Wendy's.
I ordered Three cheeseburgers, order of chicken nuggets, and two large fries. I had the nuggets, it was ok. Not great? I would rather have them at chick fl'a instead. Girls had no problem mowing down the burgers, including the wife. Fries were actually good, forgot to tell them no salt. But it wasn't that much salt anyways. 
I like how the location use to be a bank, neat how the reconfigured it to make it work. Even though we have tried to stay away from fast foods, Wendy's was a nice change.
This is one chain fast food place that I can't seem to steer clear of for some reason.  And I always order the normal sandwich.  Why change perfection?  Service at this location is quick and friendly.

Only thing to mar my experience was a shirtless guy and what looked like his mom wearing a too short skirt who sat down grumpily and yelled the "s-word" so loudly that it echoed into the kiddie play area.  I think I even saw a little girl faint in there. My appetite waned for a little until the delicious smell of the chicken sandwich wafted back to my nostrils.  I guess the food's too good for bad scenery to even stop me from chowing....although I did scarf as fast as possible so I could leave.

I mean, I know I'm not eating at a four star restaurant, but...decorum!
Total guilty pleasure. My blood pressure probably jacks up faster than my ankles swell whenever I eat here, but it's just so stinkin good. My kids like the chicken nuggets too, and I like that I can get a cup of actual fresh fruit (not a baggie of apples) with their meals. 

Last visit was this past Friday, and while the food tasted as chickeny and salty as ever (waffle fries, droooool), two things could have been different - the staff was very attentive with me, but what was up with sitting around and talking while other people were obviously waiting to place an order? Let's call it an 'area for improvement', because that is not my normal experience here. I'd hate for others to think it's not good and not return.  

But for the love of Sasquatch, please, please, please clean and deodorize the kids' play area. One of my kids, the one who asked me to NOT roll the window down after I heard a distinct fart from the back seat, stopped playing and said, "Mommy, it smells yucky in there." Honestly. :P
Not a bad alternative to some of the other trite, we usually get the chicken nuggets which are fresher and seem much less processed than some of the other alternatives and are pretty tasty, I enjoy the waffle fries and coleslaw, a guily pleasure of ours are the handspun milkshakes especially the cookies and cream, and I get a kick out of the "my pleasure" which is more customer service than mcdonald's version which consists of thrusting the bag out the window (usually short items and condiments) to have the window slammed on me.
I have always had good service here. I had placed a catering order that somehow they lost, and they were able to turn the order around in less than 20 minutes the morning that I showed up to pick up the food. AMAZING!!!!!
I don't know why I ever come here more often. I love Chick Fil-A, love their food, love their service. Let me see! What do I want? How about chicken!!!! Chicken sandwich, chicken tenders, breakfast chicken sandwich and chicken soda?? I wish they had chicken soda!!!! Oh yea, their fries are not that bad either!
Chick Fil-A is great. I came today for the free breakfast they have been giving away for the whole month of August. That's right the WHOLE month. I love that they have to say nice things when taking your order makes you feel like they care even if they really don't. Overall the service was great, quick and efficient.
Kinda pricey for not a lot or high quality food. I do love their sweet tea and milkshakes tho!!
You know what I like about Chick Fil-A? Their chicken sandwiches amongst all the fastfood chains in the world is damn way tooo LEGIT.

BIG CHICKEN BREAST. who wouldn't wanna pick that over a round, sad, gnarly, frozen chicken patty that other chains offer?

I truly love their Spicy Deluxe Chicken Sandwich. Oh. Yummmmmmy.......
And their selection of sauces..... Polynesian sauce on that Spicy Chicken? Heavenly....

OH. Sauces are free by the way. I hate fast food chains that charge for sauces, dressings and dips. that's nonsense.

This location is situated in a busy plaza....however, they have their own little parking...and little drive through.. If you don't want to get out in the heat...

Loved the service here...the staff are friendly and would offer you help (bigger bag, extra sauce, help to carry stuff in the car).. I came with a semi big complicated order...No tomato, no pickle, no both on some......and they got it all right. that's what i like. Clean tables as i noticed while i was waiting, Neat counter, where all the ketchup (in cute little squirt containers), and sauces are at... 

I can't wait till Chick- Fil-A in the Southbay opens with this great kind of staff and awesome kind of service.
This is a great place to get a protein packed chicken sandwich fast. The people that work here are friendly and the drive thru moves pretty fast. I only wish they were open on Sundays for my afternoon workout post meal. Other than that I like this place and that says a lot coming from me. Only downside is that it does get pricey but you get what you pay for and it's better than McDonalds (Which I never eat)!!!
My kids love the chicken nuggets here and my son loves to play with the other kids in the playground. I'm not a huge fan, but do think the chicken is tasty. They also have a pretty good breakfast menu and open early in the morning
Good in a pinch. Not my favorite thing in the world and with 5 guys opening across the street they'll definitely be seeing less of me, but overall nice to have around, although I always seem to crave it on Sundays.
Food is ok... I think its a bit overpriced though.. Service is good.. Just not a big fan..
Gosh, I haven't been to a chick fila in ages! I was overdue to get my chicken on, so I stopped in here after my interview.  Place was like every other chick fila I've been to, and it was busy because it was a busy with lunch hour people.

The line was long when I got here, but the staff was really good about taking orders and getting the food out fast. I usually go with the regular chicken sandwich, which I think is a #1 on their menu.  The drinks here never seem big enough, and I had to get a refill mid meal.  Also, the fries seemed to be a little undercooked, but edible.

Even after the whole political thing about chick fila last year, I do frequent them from time to time. I don't normally come to this side of town, but when i saw them, I knew it was going to be good food. Overall good clean location, and their food usually doesn't disappoint. I LOVE their chicken bagels for breakfast! They are so tasty! It sux that their closed on Sundays, but oh well.
Chicken sandwich is good, always fresh vegetables! Fast and friendly costumer service! Always clean and the staff is polite! 
The fries are my favorite and also the part is free refills on the drinks! 
I give it a 5 stars because I've been to many Chick-Fil-A's across the states and i always get the same exceptional service! 
Good food!
Well the grilled chicken salad with blueberries, strawberries, apples carrots, blue cheese crumbles, roasted nuts is fantastic.  I had the avocado lime ranch dressing which should be bottled and sold in stores, it is so good!   However, their new limited time mocha shake is not great.  Should have just gotten the lemonade.   I had to rate only 4 stars because of that shake.
The only surprise here is that it's just as amazing every time I come in. Not only is the chicken amazing but the people are so nice it seems almost like they are there just for me.  Definitely try them out. 
Today I got a Grilled Chicken Cool Wrap with Spicy dressing, the wrap was not overwhelming and the bread actually had flavor, i didn't tear away prices like I do with most wraps at fast food joints.
This place is a staple for when my preschooler needs to let out some energy and we're all hungry. Food is always fresh, service is always outstanding.
Love the lemonade!  Everything else is just okay, but the lemonade alone is worth the trip!
I was pleased to see this restaurant. I live In Las Vegas... Where we don't have the pleasure of binging on their yummy chicken. I was happy to find this location staffed with efficient employers. Our food order was correct and came out quickly.
My first time eating here... Oh my goodness... why would anyone eat here food is gross.  worst chicken  ever, it was like rubber.
Service has always been fast and correct. No errors in the drive through yet.  Inside is clean and for the most part the employees are friendly.
Best McDobalds I've ever been to. There fries are always fresh. They have messed up my order only once but they knew right away when I went through the drive thru.  All other McDonalds are ruined for me.
I recommend this McDonald's over the Jack-in-the-Box nearby (see my review). Service here is consistent with the occasional hiccup associated with fast food places (e.g., wrong burger or no sauce). Occasionally you get someone working the window who fails to greet you and seems to be in a bit of a trance. However, the service is generally good and you are "in and out" (drive-thru or inside) in little to no time. 

All-in-all: Good place to eat with generally good service.
Slow service, tables and floors not clean, coffee really old in the carafe, and soft drink dispensers spray you with some of the flavors.  Food was just ok, and that usual mistake of making your food to go instead of dine-in even though you clearly said dine in.
Fast food place so it is what it is. The place has always been clean when I am there but lunch is crowded so yes things can get messy as with any other place.    Drive through is my prefered method and is always fast and easy transaction with no order errors.

I love the chicken sourdough club and the curly fries.   I am not a fan of their breakfast menu items but for lunch this is a good place to get a quick meal.
Been a while since I'd been in here. Since it had always been relatively clean, I decided to give into my urge for a couple of tacos. 
Nobody was at the counter. I waited, and waited. Finally the girl in the kitchen with limited language skills went to find the manager. Again I waited and waited. Apparently the manager could out wait me because I finally left in disgust. While I was waiting (and waiting) a couple of other potential customers came and went. A couple of tacos ain't worth the wait.
I went to the drive through, picked up my food went down the road. I took a bite into the hamburger and the top bun was rock solid and could not even eat it. So I took the bun off and took another 2-3 bites and the Tomatoes were not tasting to good!. So I stopped eating the food as it was Not a Good Sign!
I agree with most of the other reviews: Skip this place. I had an issue with this location in the past (came in and waited for about ten minutes and finally left without anyone attempting to take my order). Given the location, I came back during the wee hours of the morning and received semi-decent service. However, after having a drink spilled on my by the person working the window; I have my limits. I received no apology (only a scared look in the guy's eyes) nor any napkins. Even after this, I gave the place the benefit of the doubt and returned only to receive food that has no rhyme or reason. 

All-in-all: The food is never consistent and the service is so below par that it gives fast food restaurants a bad name. Skip this and hit the McDonald's down at the end of the block. Service there is what you'd expect from a fast food place and the food is generally consistent with what you are used to getting.
As you can see a lot of reviews say this place isn't worth the time of day. However I received my food rather quickly. I do know the gentleman in front of me did wait quiet awhile though. The floors are dirty and got my shoes all sticky but at the same time it is a fast food restaurant (not saying a fast good place shouldn't be clean just saying it won't be spotless). It was awkward waiting for my car to get done here and having the 16 y/o cashier hitting on me when I'm not even giving her the time of day. I did end up getting free tacos though for waiting so long for my car haha so that's why they get 2 stars!
This is a two star Jack in the Box. The food is what it is at each location, and it's not like you don't know what you are going to get. There may or may not be a 5 star Jack in the Box, but if you are aiming high then you should start with service. 

I get that its late and there is a line full you drunks in the drive through wanting to get some grub after the bars have closed, but there was still no customer service. 

After I placed my order, and finally got to the window the guy started to give me the wrong food but luckily I caught it. I was then told that my  food was given to the car in front of me,  which had left, and I would have to wait on the side. 

After I watched about 8 cars which were behind me get there food and drive away, my food was brought out to me. Again I am glad I checked it because I was still missing some of the food I ordered and paid for. 

From start to finish, time I entered the drive through to time I left the parking lot, this was a 20 minute trip through a drive through.
NO STARS! This is the second review I have done here because I didn't take my own advise and never come back. This Jack in the Box went from 2 stars to 0. Just don't go here! Drive a mile north and go to the one on Happy Valley.
Route 44 cherry slushy with extra cherry juice at 9pm. Cost me $2.09 and such a treat it reminded me of I what state I was in!  Had the trip been any more stressful, I would have put a little (or a lot ) of vodka in it and then I would have more to say!

Nice service and great drink!
I ordered 2 slushs. Got my total, drove up to the window to pay. Waited for 4 minutes and they opened the window to say "we are out of slushes" ugh, why couldnt they just tell me that to begin with
Cherry Limeaid YUM enough said!
Love this place. A nice way to stay hydrated in this heat. 
My only complaint is, the charging for ice water. WTH, I mean I never ever just order water. I always get my daughter her fav "blue pop" (ocean water) and some sandwhiches, I just always order an ice water for myself & think it is a crappy/unprofessional thing for a biz in this hot state to charge for water! 
I always keep change in my car, so I can tip the kid a $1 even when using my debit card. The kids are always nice, not their fault company charges for water in AZ.
Horrible horrible horrible. 4 or 5 times they have forgotten parts of order while using drive thru.  This has not only happened to me but to my son and granddaughter .  Was promised $5 coupon this last visit, when arrived at store to pick up remainder of order told we don't have coupons we put you name in a book.  How professional is that?  I ask for a corporate number and no one could provide one.  This just can't be true that a store don't have a list of phone numbers?  Out of hot sauce too.  What kind of operation is this?  Very disappointed.  They have lost my whole family's business.
Will never go here again. Food was cold and overpriced for what we got. They were out of a lot of their sides and when I asked KFC to contact me via their website they never did. I'm not a person that sends back food and when I have bad service I try to assume they are busy or it's just an off day. But in this case avoid at all costs.
This place has a lot of bad reviews but I've never had a problem here.

Every time I'm in Sun City I stop here as Taco Bell and KFC's coleslaw are my grandpa's favorite foods.  They've always gotten my order right and have never been out of anything (mind you I've never ordered chicken which is what got a lot of negative reviews). 

Also, I went here for my grandpa and ordered him a senior drink, which is free at this location, and they didn't hassle me about not being a senior myself.
I've been here a few times and the service and food have always been just so-so.  I do think the drive-thru takes longer than normal to complete your order,  but no major complaints.
This by far is the worst KFC you ever go to we ask for original got crispy so that had to go back the new order the chicken breast was wrong Center the gravy is like water and also taste like water no biscuits they only had cake it's dinner time they should have everything ready to go and then when I asked, from the 10 piece bucket I received there were only two pieces that were actually perfect the remaining chicken was either dry dry dry are all fat and are Cartledge I would stay clear of this location this is the second time I've had problems in the past so steer clear of this KFC i've been to plenty of KFC's I've never had gravy that looked and taste like water there should be two consistency of honey at least not this is liquid water colored water is what it look like too bad for them I will never return.
Worst Taco Bell ever always out of different soda every time I come. No sense of urgency it's suppose to be fast food but waited in a line for 15 min just to order. Cashier was so slow and so was all the people in back someone should light a fire in there butt for sure
Desperate for something healthy in the area, I thought KFC might have some decent grilled chicken. They did not have grilled chicken off the bone, but had the grilled version on the bone. It was decent, maybe supermarket quality, but that is not what they are know for making best obviously. Cole slaw and biscuit do not need a review, but the staff is kinda dumb at this location. My two piece white meal ended up including a thigh and breast. I was in a rush and I would not have eaten the wing anyway, but I thought it was two piece white is two breasts. Oh well, i left my personal message on the table in protest in the form of overturned slaw cup, immature, but effective in teaching a non-verbal lesson.
I do not know how this place stays in business.  Drive thru orders are never right and service is just bad.  I mean real bad.  I can only guess that it has to stem from management because the service is bad no matter what day you go there.
What's to say. Sometimes you just gotta give in to guilty pleasures. All day breakfast!  I get the sausage egg and cheese biscuit without the sausage and cheese. I'm trying!
This was one the best Jack in the Box's that we had ever been to.  The staff was very friendly and it was always very clean.

Sadly it closed today.
It's a shame this place is closed. great staff and the place is clean too. I never have any complaints about this location.
Besides the gym, the mall is probably my second favorite place to get my exercise on. Well, that is before I sabotage it with carby goodness. The food court is filled with pitfalls waiting to snag it's next victim. Auntie Anne's would not be so bad until you see them brush a generous application of butter on top. 

With such a critical opinion of their practice, why would I give them such a high rating? Sometimes counting calories and nitpicking is a buzz kill. The cinnamon sugar pretzel is the answer to a sweet tooth. The pepperoni twist is like having all crust with pieces of meat. Some of the more popular items are made ahead of time, but I was told it would take six minutes for mine. Maybe the pizza inspired bread does not sit well and I am glad to have it come out fresh.
Good pretzels, though I am convinced the pretzel "game" is a racket.
Strawberry lemonade and pretzel sticks with marinara sauce, everytime.
Maybe if you are Irish, you don't understand Hawaiian food.  This is NOT American BBQ.  There is no tomato based BBQ sauce.  L & L serves Hawaiian Plate Lunches -- plenty meat, two scoops rice, mac salad.  This is a classic combination for anyone from the islands.  I am so glad that they are here.  When I need some Kalbi (Korean soy marinaded short ribs) or some Mahimahi or some Teri Chicken, I know I can get some here.  Not great Hawaiian Regional Cuisine, but solid Plate Lunch food.  ONO!
After having a pretty good experience at the last L & L http://www.yelp.com/biz/t8HbRjam5R1z0hH0I4WajQ?hrid=nX30_xaimagO3kJ_TMQSVQ, I was craving for more of it.  However, instead of going to the S. Maryland Parkway one in Vegas, I was at the N. Stephanie location in Henderson.

As always, I had a regular order of pork lau lau.  It was about $7 and came with two small scoops of rice and one small scoop of mac salad.  The mac salad was creamy and peppery.  Imagine my surprise though to find not one, but TWO pork lau laus in my order!  Wow!  They were already getting four stars just for serving up two of these babies.  In all my years of ordering this stuff, I have never gotten two in a regular order.  (They never offer a mini order of pork lau lau either.)  However, the pork lau lau was a bit watery.  It wasn't dry, thank gawd.  But it lacked flavor.  I had to douse it with a lot of soyu, unfortunately.  They did have a good amount of pork and fatty goodness in there though.

The BF requested a combo with Chicken Katsu and Hawaiian BBQ Short Ribs.  His order cost $7.70.  Upon opening the box, he saw the chicken was a bit darker than he would have preferred, either it's from over-frying it, or old oil.  I think it was from the former because the katsu was really crunchy.  His order was surprisingly large and we both ended up with leftovers.  His short ribs had a distinctive sauce on the ribs, like they put the sauce on top of it after it was cooked.

Cleanliness of the store was an issue here.  Initially, we were seated at a booth and saw this red sauce on the wall.  "Uh, is that hot sauce?"   "Yeah."  "Uh, okay then...let's move."  There is hot sauce up on these walls, and dark marks too that I think a good wipe down would take care of.  They obviously have a leak in their ceiling as you can see by the dark water stains from above.  And it's just a bit grimy here.  I don't think anything bothers to clean up the tables or seats here.  

Sidenote: They do offer a weekday lunch special.  For $4.95, you get  a choice of chicken katsu, BBQ chix, or BBQ pork, and it comes with a 16 oz soda, their daily appetizer, rice, and mac salad.

Overall, I give them four stars for the amount of food you're getting for the price.  In terms of quality, that's where the stars go down.  And plus, stuff on the walls should always bring your star mark down too.  Take your order to go so you won't have to see the grime.
We've ordered 2 dish. One is the curry and the other is the kalbi. They gave huge chunks of potato and carrot for the curry, and lots of meat for the kalbi. However, the kalbi was way too salty. Not enough rice to dilute the salt. Curry could be better. Food smells good and may fit those who have large craving and who likes salty food.
Good Hawaiian barbeque with some interesting selections.  I tried the mixed BBQ and the Chicken Katsu.  Both were good, but I'm more likely to reorder the Chicken Katsu.  My son had the Loco Moco, which is hamburger patties on rice, covered with brown gravy and 2 eggs.  It looked gross, but he said he really liked it.

Overall, this was a nice change of pace from the usual dinner and worth checking out if you have the chance.
I have eaten here a few times.  At first I really liked the place, but upon reflection I haven't really had anything great.  The portion sizes are huge and the prices are pretty good.  The combos plates offer a pretty good mix, and the chicken katsu and beef short ribs are pretty tasty.  I had the kalua pork once and it was too salty for my tastes.  I know it's Hawaiian BBQ-style food, but I always wish that whatever I ordered had come with some kind of vegetables.  Just eating meat, rice, and mac salad makes for a really heavy meal.
I Like L and L my honey HATES it so I eat it when he's not around :) I give it three stars because I got the chicken katsu with curry and I asked them to make it spicy and it seemed like they just put allot more salt and some black pepper in it. It was not spicy. It was still good, but it always gives me a belly ache. But by the next time im craving it I won't remember. I was reading some of the other reviews and maybe it's the MSG that makes you feel that way I don't know but I will still eat here because it tastes good.
I eat here all the time cause it's close to my house and well I grew up on L and L food. The menu they post is well done and executed consistently. What ever I order is always what I can expect it to be. However  the Menu is not as large as the ones you find in Hawaii you can still order the favorites. Spam Musubi and and Mini Chicken Katsu to go. Great daily lunch specials. Fast friendly service. A soda machine and a little radio in the dinning area make this place good times to just relax in on a hot day. I just wish they did lemon chicken.
Not a fan. This was my first visit to this L&L, but my second overall in the valley. I'm just not a fan. We went on a Saturday morning for breakfast and as we were ordering, I'm not sure if the cashier was new, or just had no clue.  I asked for the sausage, eggs, and rice which is listed on the menu as a side dish, and she looked at me like I was speaking Swahili. Umm, right there, side dish, sausage. eggs. rice. pretty please?  Still had no clue...put something into the register. My bf then ordered spam musabi, and the spam, egg, and rice "side dish".  Again, confused look and we had to point at what we were talking about. She put that into the register. The total was $8.95 with two drinks.  When I looked at the receipt, I noticed only his dish was on there.  HELLLOOO SUNSHINE????   It's a simple task paying attention when people are ordering their food.  They fixed the issue, apologized profusely, and we had our food in about 5 minutes. The table we sat down at, I noticed was, as other posters described, grimy. Almost like the grease was never properly cleaned on the table and left a dried greasy residue. It was vile.  My forearm kept sticking...like it was rested on candle wax.  It was gross. Ok, this is kind of a quick serve outlet, and there are no white linens, I get that, but basic cleanliness is a must if I go back. I drive past this place daily, and sometimes I want something quick...i'll continue driving.
when you walk in the place speaks for itself. I like the Katsu Chicken. Im not pleased with most everything else.
I have never ate Hawaiian Bbq before and my boyfriend took me to L&L because he works right across the street. And I am now a fan of the food, they have great food with great prices. You get more than you pay for!! I am most definitely going to be going back and eating there. I especially love the macaroni salad and spring rolls they make.
I had never tried Hawaiian BBQ before coming to L&L so I'm no afficianado on the subject.  I had only recently discovered Korean BBQ (which the two are similar in style but not taste).  The menu here is very full and just delicious to even look at.  I've never found it to be too busy and I'usually get my order taken in no time.  The atmosphere is always clean and the staff is always very friendly.  There's usually two asian guys in the kitchen that you get to watch cook and seem to know their stuff because I've never had a bad experience.  I've only tried one item on the menu and thats the BBQ Mix meal but it has been consistenly amazing every time I've tried it (save the one time they forgot to give me the free eggroll but thats neither here nor there). The meat is so full of flavor and the chicken is so tender it literally will fall apart in your mouth! The plates are always full of food and full of flavor and I always leave feeling like a stuffed pig and I love that!  I would normally rate a place like this a 4-star just because its not really anything out of this world different or exotic but being as it has been 100% consistent and that means the world to me, it gets the full 5 stars! I've read some peoples reviews on how this place is nothing like the ones back in Hawaii so I can only imagine what they must be!
For the quality I think it is just average. It does the job of getting you full but definitely nothing healthy
I liked my bbq combo and the mac salad. It seemed clean enough. It was not expensive. The folks were nice. The food was fast n hot. No issues here and I will be back. I get to pretend I am some sort of food expert on yelp but I am not. I am not full of unrealistic expectations at a fast.food Hawaiian bbq place.
For the price, it's not a bad deal. I got the wings today. 9 of them plus rice and a small amount of mac salad. I normally get the seafood combo. It comes with mahi mahi, teriyaki chicken, and shrimp. I always tell them to delete the shrimp and give an extra piece of fish. Normally the fish is thick, moist and good. Last time over cooked and dry. The teriyaki chicken always good. The shrimp always horrible. Don't get it. Too thin, too much bread, too dry. Step back from their shrimp. 
All in all, the chicken always good and the mahi mahi most times good. Not great. But good, and enough of it.
I know it was like 4 in the morning, but this place had a slow response time over drive-thru speaker - including unexplained pauses - and ran out of rice for my friend's chicken teriyaki bowl. This means that I'm going to pick a different local Jack in the Box to hit up late at night, such as the one on Mountain Vista and Russell. That place totally did have rice when I drove over there, and it was way faster.
Croissant was yummy!
Once again, another fast food place strives for sub-par service.  I should have known there would be a problem when I had to repeat my order 4 times at the drive through. After I pay for it, I'm told to "pull around front, we'll bring your food out to you when it's ready".  I hate it when they say that. Well, I pull up front....and wait...and wait...and wait. 

  Enough of this already, so I get out of my car and go inside. After explaining everything to what looked like a 16 year old "manager", she proclaims "oh, your fries are done now, here you go".  I go through the bag inspecting the order. What do you know? They messed it up, of course! After that was fixed, I'm totally pissed off at them, so I just take the bag and leave.  

  Well, I get home and discover there were more fubars with the order. The sandwich I wanted was not the one I got. I ordered a plain roast beef...I got the one swimming in that nasty cheese and watered down BBQ sauce. I'm not going to waste my gas taking it back to complain (perhaps they count on that). Couldn't even eat it by hand. The bottom of the bun was so drenched in that horrible sauce, it fell apart as I picked it up. Had to eat the meat with a fork! 

  Arby's, you suck!! I hate you and I hope you choke to death on your own crappy food prepared by your own narcissistic brain dead moronic employees!!!
I only use the drive thru here but its usually fast & accurate. I like the food and its prepared the way i like it - NO SAUCE. I think thats the problem both other reviewers had with the food here. So dont order it with sauce. Also make sure you order the horsey sauce. The hubby claimed he hated arbys til he tried it with horsey - now he likes it!
It just isn't as good as it used to be. Even using a coupon, the quality of the beef and bun were just sub-par. I won't be wanting to go again for a long time, if ever.
Food was not that great! Out of all the Arby's I've went to, this location was by far the worst. First off, my sandwich literally just had 2 pieces of meat. Then the fries I received tasted like they were days old, hard, and stale. I didn't even finish my meal. Such a disappointment.
I'm really craving a Philly sand which so i pull up to the drive Thru to order, I want to see if they have anything new and as I'm telling the person that's on the mic to give me a few second they say that he isn't rushing me but i need to order within the next 4 min because his register automatically closes on its own, Ive never heard that in my entire life. I think that is the worst excuse to tell someone, First off you never rush a costumer second if you dint close until a 10pm or whenever you close you have to take the costumer no matter what. I wouldn't even give this place 1 star but i had to because it says so. i believe that this is not good quality costumer service its not like I'm ordering something that's going to take 45min. i will not ever be going back here because that kind of service is not inviting.
OMG, the ribs are the best!!!  Don't get them if you are way hungry though cuz there are about 5 finger size ribs but they are so tender and i heart them.
Love Burger King, though this particular location is far from my favorite. Still, I find myself frequenting this one since it is the closest one to my girlfriend's house.

This location usually takes your order and gives it to you promptly and accurately, but there have been a few times when the staff have been a bit absent-minded. On at least one occasion, I asked for onion rings in my meal instead of fries, and just ended up getting fries. 

Another big complaint is that if you pay with a debit/credit card, they make you sign the receipt. This is the ONLY Burger King I know of that does this; I have been to at least a dozen other locations in the valley and none of them do this.

If you're in the neighborhood this place will probably take care of you well, just be sure to double-check your order.
Always had good and fast service at this location.
I usually get friendly service here. There is often at least one error in my orders, however. This is ok as long as i eat in, which i often do since theres a HUGE, really nice indoor kids play area (which gets them an extra star!) However , when going thru the drivethru, expect a wait, and CHECK YOUR ORDER! Preferably before leaving the drivethru!
Just got out of this place after a 25 minute wait for two whoppers and a large fry...by far the worst BK I've been too...!!!
Horrible Service- to the extent that I had to come on and write about a mcdonalds... Lol
Worst McDonalds in Vegas! Bad service consistently and sloppy made food. 3 trys and still crap. WTF! I am sure the hobo's panhandling outside could do better. They seriously must go out of the way to fuck things up. I just want to know what other McDonalds this Franchisee owns so I can avoid those also.
Agree, worst McDonalds ever. Not only did they mess up our order, they messed up the order before ours.
Fast food in general isn't good or healthy for you at all. I'm sure folks turn to fast food just for the fact that it's fast and easy to get something when you're on the go, but I would honestly drink a gallon of water before I scarf down fast food. But when I don't have that gallon of water handy, I succumb to the temptation :/

I'm a Whopper fan. I don't what's in it that draws me to it, but I like it. I don't know if folks remember the Rodeo Burger, but I took a liking to that too. And then, the inevitable happens to the not-so-popular burger ideas-- they kick the can and disappear from the menu. I like the Chicken Sandwich also. NO MAYO! I like how they decided to not charge you extra when you want onion rings instead of fries.

This Burger King is open early and I snagged breakfast before heading off to work a few times. Try the Sausage Biscuit (Do not call them McAnything. They hate that! Hahaha!) with strawberry jam on it! Taste like a sweet hearty grease ball! :P

I'll come back when I feel like a cheat day or something. Or feeling lazy to get anything better.
Quick but bad service. My nuggets were cold and they would only give me 1 BBQ sauce for a 20 piece. When I asked for 2 more sauces the said .10 cents each. I asked how much ketchup was (joking) the chick said "IDK" let me ask, and actually asked the manager. I was making a scarcastic joke/ remark.
Very happy with the drive thru person. I believe his name was Edgar . He was very nice and polite even though it was super busy at around 7 this morning. He cleaned my caramel frap off before he gave it to me and told me to have a great day as he gave me my straw.
Stopped by for breakfast with my Son before we went to work at Three Square Food Bank, which is around the corner.  We enjoyed a Big Cheeseburger and a Sausage Biscuit Sandwich.

The service was fast and accurate.  The food was delicious and fresh.

Will I return?  When we work at Three Square, I'm sure we will.
It's fast food.... Need I say more? Points for serving breakfast all day. 

I only go for $1 large diet cokes.
It's Jack in the Box, so expect Jack in the Box.

Never had them mess up my order and I've been several times. Not stingy with sauces, which is good. never had stale fries or cold burgers or anything. Drive-thru is always good paced,. No complaints; which is about as good a complement you can get from a chain fast food joint.
Went for breakfast today, ordered the Supreme Croissant sandwich with hashbrowns. Food was great, Customer service was excellent. I will definitely be returning.
The service here was very good.  I went with my son and wife prior to the air show at Nellis.  Breakfast sandwiches were deliciuos, the best of any fast food breakfast.  My son now says that JITB is better than Mcdonalds because of this visit.  He's 5 and likes this place better than Mcdonalds, that is crazy coming from a child.
I was so thrilled to have found a Jack in the Box while visiting Vegas. Way out the entire Strip region but, I found it. Missed them greatly ever since I moved out of Dallas where they abound. Very nice staff and your typical food that is expected from here. Watching The Air Force conduct their exercises with the jets by the mountains was unforgettable.
For years this Jack in the Box has sustained me through college, when I was working and now that I am back in college. The staff is solid and food always consistent with Jack in the Box quality. (Yes you can read this anyway you want)

When it comes to late night eats and you are to lazy/any other excuse you can think of not to walk into one of Las Vegas's many 24hr establishments, the Jack in the Box drive-thru is like a safe haven in the middle of a dark, vast wasteland of hunger
We frequent this JIB location as it is super close to our office. I think it is kind of scary when the JIB associates start to recognize you at the drive-thru, but that is us and the associates are always great! Their service may be slow at times, because they do make everything [or as many items as possible] fresh.
It was Friday night (11/16) and I was starving and tired and ready to go home.  After picking up my son, we decided the drive-thru at Jack in the Box was exactly what we needed.

He loves their chicken strips, and I'm a sucker for their Ultimate Cheeseburger.  Have you ever wanted different hamburgers to appease different cravings?  When I want a cheesy cheeseburger with lots of cheesy goodness - this is it for me!

I love the Eastern location in Henderson - the folks there are great and my food is always good!  I also go to the Flamingo and Sandhill location for lunch sometimes.  There, the food isn't quite the same quality and there seems to be a problem with the speaker.

Oh!  Need a little spicy cheesiness in your life (who doesn't?)?  The jalapeno poppers are soooo good!
Stopped to grab a quick bite between the man child's lacrosse games. He got the new Blazin' Chicken Sandwich and I opted for the Grande Sausage Burrito with Sriracha. The burrito was awesome and could hold it's own with any local taco shop's breakfast burrito. The Sriracha was a nice touch and added some great flavor. The order was served hot, fast and fresh and my burrito combo was just north of five bucks. Could possibly be the best five bucks I've spent in quite some time. A definite return trip in is order the next time I am in the area.
OK, So I am normally a pretty big fan of Arby's. As far as fast food goes, its near the top of my list, but I will never go to this particular Arby's again. Everytime I go, something gets screwed up, and the last time I went everything about it pissed me off. I got a large drink with so much ice that I could'nt even get a straw into it, and once I managed too, there was about 2 ozs of liquid in a 32 oz cup. I asked for Arby, Horsey, and ketchup at the window, and ended up with 1 pack of Horsey. And I think for an $8 regular combo meal, they can throw a few sauces in. Very disappointed in Pecos and Windmill Arbys right now.
worst arbys location. a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait. it never fails. now if we didnt have places to be we would have gone inside and ordered our food and waited. they said they wanted the food to be fresh but 15 minutes later? really? in a drive thru? i think i will be going some place else next time. if anyone decides to go for some fast food here be sure to eat inside otherwise you will sit around out front waiting for just a "few moments" (but really 15 plus minutes) for your "fresh" food.
Kinda pricier than other Arby's I have been too. The lady here is really nice and has been here since 1988!!! Good food, clean restaurant, clean bathrooms, nice people, can't complain! Yum yum Arby's!
Curly Fries was delicious!
Its only an Arbys. So this will only be a quick review.

 No matter where we live in Las Vegas we have an Arbys within a 10 minute drive. Years ago, Arbys left the New York City market. Now that they opened a store in Bellmore, NY; New Yorkers are driving a distance for the Arbys experience. The Arbys of today is a different restaurant than I remember in New York. They greatly eliminated their popular signature menu items for new market fresh items. Maybe the Wendy's merger had something to do with it. Delicious menu items like the super beacon roast beef and cheeseburger (they had delicious cheeseburgers) have been replaced by reubens, roast turkey, and other market sandwiches that remind me more of Wendys. 

Fortunately,  they still serve the beacon cheddar roast beef sandwich. That is my Arby's sandwich of choice. My critique is that they not charge an extra dollar for more roast beef.

  This Arbys shares the parking lot with Pecos Legacy Car Wash. After scrubbing off presents from pigeons and the elements,  eating here is a nice reward for hand washing my car. Thats all I have to say.

Yelp Challenge: Review 41 of 100.
Ok, now i have to say I am a big Arby's fan.  Love this place normally just not this particular location.  The drive thru line is long.  Staff isn't exactly friendly and for some odd reason the food just tastes bland.  
I tried to get through the drive thru in the short amount of time I had for lunch and it was funny to watch the Del Taco next doors line move faster with more people in it than this Arby's.
Thought I'd give Arby's a chance for lunch. The food was as good as ever. It's been a while.  Only three stars. Minus one for the wait.  Minus one for no WiFi. Where do you go today that doesn't offer free WiFi?
Good for a quick lunch.

I have come to know this particular location as "the good Arby's".  It's the only one in the valley that is consistently decent.  The place is mostly clean, the food is okay for what it is, and the staff are nice.
This particular location is a little odd as they don't tell you your total until you get to the window and for a long time the speaker box didn't work (fret not - it does now), but I always see the same lady every evening I have stopped by for food.  She's always really nice and pleasant and double checks everything.  To me, that stands out since I've been to this location over a span of several months to a year.

It can be a little slow sometimes, but they do make the food to order.  Corn dogs are a staple here so sometimes I have to wait a few minutes, but they are the freshest, tastiest corn dogs around.

Root beer floats are pretty good here, too.  Sometimes the root beer to ice cream ratio is skewed one way or the other, so if you dig that then that's cool?
I find it strange that people like this place. The food is not good at all. I adore anything chilli cheese..and all of their chilli cheese stuff is pretty gross. I can make better hot dogs at home. I only keep coming back for their ice cream and lemonade float. Yum. But I really dislike the food. I've tried everything on the menu and have to keep coming back here..my favorite food is the jalapeno poppers which are delicious. I just buy a bunch of those.
Love the chili cheese fries. But........, The service was really slow. We were the only ones in the drive thru and no customers in the inside. It was 12:30pm and it took almost 20 min to get our food after we paid and they forgot our drink and we had to honk the horn to get their attention to get it!!
this is the only stand-alone hot dog place in the neighborhood & it is usually really good.

this time it was late & everything was old & bad

even for $6 it was not a good deal

you would be better off going to 7-11 and taking your chances at any old gas station
I was telling a friend about my singular experience with Wienerschnitzel, and she reported similar feelings, so I thought I should warn others about my experience. 

I ate at this location once when I was in high school, before I became very health-conscious, and it was a very memorable experience because it was so unpleasant.  I can't remember exactly what I ordered, but it was one of the hot dogs with onion and peppers on it, which I remember were overly greasy, soggy and limp.  It looked like gelatinous mush.  There was no pride or integrity in the way it was put together.  I don't know how to describe the taste exactly, but I clearly remember that it didn't taste natural or right.  It tasted unnatural and wrong, like is was tainted in some way.  For some reason -- I guess i was hungry and didn't want to waste my money -- I ate the whole hotdog.  I remember feeling queasy afterwards, like my stomach had been insulted and abused.  That was the day I made a personal vow never to eat at Wienerschnitzel again, and I am reaffirming that vow today.
Once again Yelp..Update!!!! This location is not a current Weinerschnitzel, it's a Loan Mart.
I practically survuved on KFC in high school but over the last 20 yrs it has just lost its allure.


I still like the coleslaw & biscuits but the chicken just isnt up to snuff anymore. Last time I visited I tried the new Chipotle flavored and it was just awful. The stuff is soooo greasy I can never eat more than 1 pc and I'm a guy who can put away some food.

I still risk it every time I get a coupon in the mail...I guess I'm always hoping it will be good again.
This review is for two things: My meal, and the level of service that I got from this particular address.

First let's cover the meal selection: After months of Facebook mentions from friends, popular media jokes and articles, speed eating contests and every reported media what have you, I decided to try the "Double Down" sandwich.  You know the one: Two pieces of chicken that have some sort of sauce, cheese and bacon between each breast like some sort of unholy abomination.  I had described it elsewhere as it being the equivalent of taking your stomach to a brothel, and ending up getting "The Ugly One" for your digestive tract.  It's... I'll explain more later.

The service?  I should have known what I was in for when the girl didn't turn off the drive-in microphone and started whining to her co-workers.  I should have further known in seeing the "Love/Hate" tattoos emblazoned on said server, because I guess while I should have found it endearing that someone had given her the apparent impression that this inkage choice was still somehow trendy and relevant in the 2010's, I couldn't help but realize that the someone who had made this opinion known was a liar.

I was told that my meal was to take 7 minutes to prepare.  Okay, fine.  I hate waiting to the side at any fast food place, but I wasn't in a hurry.  One minute turned to seven.  Seven minutes turned to twenty.

It doesn't take a meteorologist to know that sitting in Vegas' lovely 100+ degree Summers is not fun for nearly half an hour.  But I was going to be cool (pun not intended) about it, go inside, and just ask about the status of my food.

So in I go (the other pet peeve I hate about the "pull over and wait" tactic), and present another girl my receipt to inquire about the status of my order.  The original girl saw me and had that pissed look of "Oh no he didn't" at me.  "It will be ready in a minute", she snapped at me.  "Fine", I responded  "It was just too hot for me to sit outside."

She slings me the bag, and is quite obviously done with me.  Bear in mind that I hadn't been rude, and my only "crime" was to come in to see where my food was after a now 25 minute wait.  "I still need my drink, please", I said.  She looked at me like somehow my words had formed themselves into a sharp object and were repeatedly stabbing her in the head.  I got my cup, and was on my way.

To credit, the food was hot and obviously freshly cooked.

But this wait confounded me.  Did it really take 20 minutes to prepare a "Double Down" sandwich?  At this point, is it still really considered "fast food"?

Braving my stomach's well-being, I went to another KFC a few days later and tried another.  While they had me pull over to wait, this time, it took less than 3 minutes.

But let me tell you: After sampling a second one of these sandwiches, I think I'm cured of my need to ever sample another one of these monstrosities again.  I think my very soul is tainted, and I may need to go to confession.  Or have an exorcism performed.

As for this original address, I've been here a few times in the past, and was never impressed by the lackluster service.  This last incredibly pained to do her job server was the final straw in me ever coming to this particular KFC again.

(Note I said "this one", as oh, how I do love their mashed potatoes.)
Terrible service here...Takes forever to get someone to take your order inside, even when there's clearly already a line when I show up. When it came time to fill my drink cups, I didn't see any medium size lids and asked one of the staff members for some. She handed me one even though I had 2 cups and it took another 2-3 min for me to get her attention again. They also have a sign on an empty napkin holder saying that they include napkins with every order, however, when I left with my order I realized that I did not get any napkins or utensils. This location sucks. Rude and slow staff, and no utensils, plates or napkins are included unless you specifically ask for them.
I took my daughter to KFC and it was shocking how the uniforms were so dirty at 10:30 am when they just opened and no reason to be dirty.  We walked in and walked right back out because they obviously had a problem with there plumbing.  The smell of sewage was overwhelming! My daughter likes KFC so they get 2 stars for that. Based off of cleanliness it would be no stars.
We went here for lunch today.  The place is dirty.  One of the employees sneezed really loud into his hand and kept on going.  My friend told the lady at the register he sneezed in his hands and she said, "it's okay he doesn't handle the food."  No one knows what goes on behind the scenes at fast food, but to see it was really gross.  We left.
Always Fast & friendly. Still the same standard issue fast food chinese with my favorites being the orange chicken & crispy beef add a little rice & noodles some wontons and Im good to go. Always a check option to the drive-thru. But remember you will be hungry in an hour.
I go here about once a week on the way to the gym.  They are quick and the food is fresh.  I always say when you can get food to fill you up and a drink for less than $10 you have to love it!  I like the chicken with asparagus and mandarin chicken and YES i want the sauce and YES put it on my steamed rice thanks!
There are some places that I order the same thing 99% of the time...and this is one of them.  I always get the 3 item combo with:

Fried Rice/Chow Mein
Orange Chicken
Sweet & Sour Chicken
Beef & Broccoli

This location is solid....fresh ingredients and quick service.

Will I return?  When I need a quick Chinese fix...sure.
It's your standard Panda Express. This one is at least busy most of the time so the entrees seem to always be fresh and haven't been sitting in the warming tray for hours. The staff always seems to be friendly and the place is clean.
Friendly employees, fast service, and a spacious store make this location stand out among the Panda Express locations I have been to around town. An employee is constantly cleaning the dining area as well so everything is always clean. The food is fresh and consistent with other Panda Express stores, and the warming trays are usually fairly full. I have never seen any trays run out because they usually yell back to the kitchen if something is starting to run low. This location gets busy, but there is never too long a line when I'm here, even during lunch rush.
I'm usually disappointed in these fast food Chinese establishments but no this time! The food was excellent! I ordered a family size meal for about $32 for my students. This includes 3 takeout boxes of chow mein or fried rice (or both) and 3 entrees. We had the chow mein with Kung pao chicken, beef broccoli, and orange chicken. Yuummm!

Everything tasted fresh off the wok and the staff was super friendly. No complaints from me everything was wonderful!
I'm not from a place that has panda express, but this is delicious. This location is super quick and friendly. I would always get lunch here in my short 30 minutes that I had. The food was always great and fresh. I usually get the chow mein with orange chicken and sweet fire. The new Teriyaki chicken is to die for.
isn't jack in the box supposed to be 24/7? i mean....how sad is it that at 5am in las vegas i can't get a freaking ultimate cheeseburger and curly fries?! i have actually given up on this jack in the box because it has failed me more times than not! you are a disgrace to the jack in the box name! pffffft!
back in 1990 this was a great fast food place-i mean the sourdough jack was something i literally wrote home about, in the 18 years since this place blows-nobody working there cares or has the ability to. this establishment has to be the leader in ada hires. the food is just wrong!! tacos are good if you need a colon cleansing, and the shakes are ok too. strangely enough the best thing on the menu is the egg rolls!!
If you decide to eat at a Jack in the Box in the Sahara and Decatur area, quadruple check your order before you step off the premises (for to go orders). 

They CAN NOT manage to get my order right, even though I eat there 2+ times a week. Either forgetting to include all of the tacos that we order, or just decide to give you whatever sandwiches they want to provide for you.

Today, for instance, I was able to get the last of the forgotten items from my last visit, before leaving, I looked through the bag and verified the proper number of items. I get back to work, divvy up the food and notice that instead of giving me one each of the 3 sandwiches that were ordered, they gave me two of one, and one of another.

They decided not to bother answering the phone this time, so I guess it is time to go to corporate to try and get this rectified.
The only reason i go to Jack in the Box is for there Jalapeno Poppers. Sooooo delicious i crave these things. I've tried these at every other fast food place sooo not the same. There Jalapeno Poppers are always hot and fresh with just the right amount of spiciness. 

I like this location because there fast and very generous with the ranch dressing!
Ok so while we all have amazing "palates" here ;p (which by the way is really the roof of our mouth and not our tongue so not sure why most tend to use it in a "taste" term.) Occasionally it is too late; nothings open or were just buzzed and need something in our stomachs.  Lo and behold, Jack In the Box! ("Lo" by the way is short for "look" as in look and behold - yes I looked it up to make sure ;p)

So I went overboard as I just left my local PT's favorite spot and ended up with 2 teriyaki bowls (not so hot tonight the rice was all mealy mashed up), an order of tacos, some jalapeno poppers, 3 egg rolls and an iced caramel coffee. Yea I went way over board lol and did not even eat it all, but hey it was late and I was mega hungry!

This spot I have only been to a few times and its "a-ok" for what it is.. and that's Jack in the Box.

Best Regards,
James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
bad even for fast food. cashiers cant math or run registers. food is grody. service is slow as nuts and they messed up several orders in front of me.

BARF-O-TRONIC
I really like this jack in the box, the people are always nice and the food is always hot! When I had to wait for my burger, I didn't order a drink i was standing near the register off to the side they handed me a free drink and thanked me for waiting.
Service was prompt and courteous, food was hot, but tasted as if they haven't had a new shipment of ingredients in a few days. But that's to be expected.
I don't like how this Taco Bell location is setup at all. It's the only shop that's not attached to the rest of the plaza. If you use the drive thru, you're forced to drive back out onto Charleston and head East, so I usually end up having to drive around in a couple circles every time I come here because I normally go to Taco Bell and Office Depot. The service is fast and the food is decent, but it doesn't make up for the inconvenience. If this weren't the closest Taco Bell to the CSN campus, I would never come here.
All I need to say is It's taco bell. Quick, affordable and delicious.
Crappy service. Major cross contamination. Inattentive staff. Do yourself a favor and go someplace else.
I have been here several times over the years. The food and service has been, and continues to be good for a Jack in the Box. The big, and continuing problem with this place, is a spineless management that for some reason continues to allow a lot drug addicts/dealers, as well as panhandlers, etc... continue to lumber in the dining area and the parking lot. It makes for an uncomfortable experience with almost every visit. I understand this is not in the best location. It does happen to be in a location that is seeing some real improvement though. It's too bad they choose not to be a part of the positive redevelopment solutions that have taken root in the area. It seems they would realize that keeping the bad element moving along would net them more business in the long run. I'm sure plenty of area residents refrain from this location for the reasons mentioned above, I think I'm going to have to be of of them myself. It's really too bad.
Went to this location as it is nearby the Las Vegas Premium Outlet.  I like Jack in the Box for their all day breakfast menu, and this place was the closest I could find. I did notice a little bit of an element of drug or prostitution or something was going on. But it did not deter from my experience here; this location was very clean on the outside and inside. My food was good and served at a good temperature; the counter person gave me a refill coffee with a smile. What more can you ask for from a JB?
Well, first of the all the view of the STRATOSPHERE from here is fantastic....i got some great shots!!! Secondly the food and service were outstanding so i would come here again if i wanted that for sure. I have been to several of these establishments all of over the western part of this country.....and this is the CLEANEST one i have ever been in....it was totally immaculate....you could eat off the floors if you wanted. 

However this establishment didn't receive 5 stars.....because i agree with my fellow yelper Steve F. When you allow panhandlers....drug addicts....drug dealers....pimps....transients....etc....to come onto and into the property that does make for an uncomfortable situation. If they fix this problem this could be one of the best Jack in the box's anywhere. Eat, Drink and Be Careful....but remain Merry my Friends!!!!!
Bumping the review from a 1 to a 3 star. A total retro/mod interior redo and not a bum, tweeker, or hooker on site, inside or out. WOW! I had not been there for months and was pleasntly suprised that every person in the dining area and parking lot looked pretty normal. I may have just lucked out with this visit, but I will now at drop in a little more often and keep you updated. If this continues, this place gets 4 star from me. Jack always has a diverse menu for a fast food place. The food quality has always been good, and service has always been friendly here. Could this Jack in the Box be turning into yet another downtown business that is being a part of the solution (and not the problem) to Downtown Las Vegas redevelopment? I hope so...time will tell. 

Jack, just keep away the addicts of crack, and I'll keep coming back. Tell the ho' she gotta go. Don't let the tweeker be a keeper. Kick the pimp to the Goodyear blimp. Help keep our hood mo' good.
What can I say? It's just a Jack in the Box. Some times referred to as Jack in the Crack. It has the same exact menu and taste as all their other convenient locations. I go to Jack in the Box when I am broke and I usually order the 2 tacos for 99 vents and a jumbo jack. That's a nice meal for under 5 bucks! I love the tacos even after finding out the mysterious meat in the tacos was actually soy. Put some of their strange taco sauce on it and it taste like food to me.
This location is strange. There are some hours when the restaraunt is full of tourist getting a bite. Then early mornings and odd hours of the day it becomes a homeless hangout. With a dollar menu anyone can get enough change to get a item and hang out and eat. That is the time I use the drive thru. Be cautious when exiting the drive thru roll up your window. I have been trapped trying to get out to the road with someone begging for the tacos I just ordered. 
The service is excellent. Everyone is friendly and they always have at least one person working that speaks good English. They are fast and always have smile.
If you happen to be hungry and you are in the area, be assured that you will have the same Experience here that you would have at any other Crap in the Box!
I like Jack in The Box. Good fast food. This particular location is in a very dicey part of town. Drug dealers, hookers and hoes, and homeless people standing near property. As I was leaving parking lot I was approached by homeless man.
My order has been hot, fresh and accurate every time at this location
Normally I roll by here late night for a quick bite and have no issues.  This morning at about 4:45 am I rolled by the drive through and they were closed.

The sign on the window says they are open 24 hours, but from what i experienced today, I guess not.  The female on the drive through intercom said they were closed.  I've never had issues like this here before.  

Maybe I should call the 1-800-955-JACK number to confirm the hours of operation?
The spices on the burger was too heavy. Yikes!
Every time I go here the people are always nice. that new waffle breakfast sandwich was way better than i thot it wud be. beats mcdee's nasty equivalent. whatever its called. the cheesecake at JITB is too steal for! (i'm not dying for it lol). wish the rest of JITB's food was up to par.
Cockroaches crawling up the wall. 
Employee out front smoking a joint. 
EVERY surface is crazy sticky. 
My order is NEVER right. 

Am I coming back?

Oh HELLLLLLLLLS no.
The employee working the counter was having a hard time processing my order in the register and finally stated they were in training before going to find help. I understand there is a learning curve and it takes time to learn new procedures, but having a trainee flying solo at the register during lunch hour was probably not one of Jack's best decisions. This definitely wasn't fast food. The tacos I ordered were not your typical, hot and greasy JITB tacos. They were cold and not very tasty. Iced Tea is not available with all of the other beverages when dining in. You must get it from behind the counter, which only adds to the delay and frustration. I frequent the drive thru at this location and have never really had an issue. This was my first dine-in experience and it may be awhile before I return.
I have had good experiences with the staff here however the area is terrible.  This is a  hot spot for the panhandlers in the area.  I can think of at least a couple of times when their begging made my guests feel uncomfortable.  I am not saying this is a bad venue just that you should be aware of this issue when choosing a spot for seeing friends or a date.
Last night I want to jack in the box. I guess they where a bit busy for the night around 8:54 pm and I was being patient while the girl took my order. Went to the Window to pay and the girl told me if I could wait a bit since she was busy. I didn't mind waiting got my bf's food l. It took a bit long but I didn't mind. Over all good customer service. The girl that attended me was nice. Wouldn't mind waiting a few minutes since I wasn't in a hurry. Just wish they had some veggie burgers...
Good overall chicken. Everything else was rather bland! Oh yeah, bring lunch to wait for your lunch too! Service took for eveeeeeeeeer!
I love Church's I wish there were more of them in town.  It took a little longer than what I'm use to (comparing it to another location) but it was awesome, it was hot, like it just came out of the fryer, the corn on the cobb was hot until the last bite.  
This Churches, is small, and the tables are really close to each other, but other than that, no need in sweeting the small stuff, if everything else is awesome.
I was definitely stoked to try Church's. It's the closest chicken place to our house here in Vegas and I was hoping it would be great. 

It's your typical drive-through with far too many options on the menu. There was some bucket deal running, but my husband wanted strips, so we didn't opt for it. The chicken is fried, crispy and very moist. The flavors are delightful and it wasn't very greasy. I got a side of fried okra with mine and the serving was enormous. The okra was perfectly fried, not dried out - and made my mouth happy. :) 

My husband wasn't a huge fan - but he's super picky :)
My favorite place to get a bucket of fried chicken.   I like their coleslaw.   I would always order the mixed 10 pieces legs and thighs bucket chicken.   The customer service was excellent.   They always pack you extra napkins, ketchup & hot sauce packets in the bag.
It's no different than any other Burger King I've been to except they can never seem to get my order right in the drive thru. I just don't bother with this location anymore.

The burgers are fine just probably not the burger you ordered, have the wrong size, wrong flavor of soda...you get the idea.
As usual Burger King is out of ketchup!! I wish I could give it some negative stars. The worst thing is that I've been to at least four other burger king's and have had the same problem with the ketchup, but I guess that's not as bad as the time when they ran outta buns!! You run a burger joint; how are you going to run out of the two essential things to run a burger joint?! Plus the bun is always two sizes too big for the patty. Just have sloppy made burgers. Worst chain ever!!!!
Normally I dont expect much at a fast food joint but last night I went and the serives was way above par. Food was nice and fresh and I didnt have to get them to make my food over for my special burger. Was pleasantly surprised.
So giving this place a three-star is a rather large fete for me. I have made it one of my life's missions to steer clear of Wendy's. I mean, they have SQUARE burgers. And before you give me the whole, "You realize that you can shape round patties into other shapes" speech, I know, and understand that. I also don't want to eat a heart patty, or a star patty for that matter. I like my burger's round. Just like God intended. :P

Hubby and I were driving around in north LV shopping and we were starving. As I was checking my Yelp app and he was driving we kept passing a bunch of ma and pa places that had horrific reviews. I haven't eaten Wendy's in forever because I don't like the square patties. Back in the day I'd eat chili or a baked potato. I decided that if I was going to attempt a square burger, it may as well be in good ol' Las Vegas with my hubby. Libby R. and Sandra Z. swear by how awesome Wendy's burgers are that I feel that there must be something that has changed. 

I ordered their 1/4 lb. cheeseburger combo with a baked potato. The meat was... eh. It actually tasted the same as McDonald's. The fixings were great and the bun was nice and soft. What would make me go back is their baked potato. It was very tasty and a nice change from the regular old fries.

Since this visit I had the chance to eat Wendy's again but declined. Maybe Wendy's just isn't for me.
JUST venting on the lifelong favor of the FROSTY... why are the frostys so inconsistent. 

LOVE the heavy cold textured frosty... can be anywhere from runny and creamy and still cold to the ultra thick spoon worthy ones..... 

fast food is fast food and I wont yelp on it much if at all since we allll know what to expect but like I said just venting
This Wendy's is an okay location.  It isn't the best or the worst, just average.  Let me tell you why, if you really want to know...

1.  The food here is usually good.  The burgers are always great.  I heart the Baconator.  I mean it is burger, bacon, and cheese without anything to distract from meat and cheese heaven.  YUM.  I know it is probably the worst thing on the menu but I LOVE it anyways.  When the craving hits, off to Wendy's I go.  The other sandwiches are always good too.  And the chicken nuggets are always great snacks.

Where this Wendy's gets a lower rating is due to the fries and the Frostys (or is it Frosties????).  Both are always a crapshoot.  Sometimes the fries are fresh, hot and amazing and some times they taste so blah.  The Frostys are usually good, but every now and then they taste like they forgot to add sugar or something.  If these 2 items could be more consistent, my score would go up for sure.

2.  The staff.  Sometimes you get the best people helping you, which is always so very nice.  And then there are the other ones.  One lady who works here, usually the drive thru is simply UGH.  She barks at you to order, doesn't give you a minute to look if you ask for one, and practically throws your food at you when you get up to the window.  You are almost afraid to ask for some ketchup from her.  

Overall, I think 75% of the staff is really friendly, but if you go on the wrong day and get the other 25%, then I am sorry for you.

So most of the time, this location is good.  My advice to you is to always check your fries and Frostys before you leave to make sure you got good ones!
This location does not pay attention to what their customers order.  I ordered a salad with crispy chicken and got grilled chicken the first time I was there, not too bad.  The second (and last time) I was there I ordered the Asian cashew chicken salad with crispy chicken and got grilled chicken and the BBQ ranch dressing.  The description says that it comes topped with fire-roasted edamame, spicy roasted cashews, warm, grilled chicken and Marzetti Simply Dressed Light Spicy Asian Chili Vinaigrette (containing roasted peanuts) for a salad that's anything but bland. Not even close to what I was handed.  I'm done with this Wendy's.  I would give NO stars, if possible.
This is a good McDonalds it is usually pretty busy though, inside is nice and well kept, it's actually one of the nicer interiors of a McDonalds that I have seen In the valley.  The drive through is usually pretty busy due to the layout but its usually quick.  The food I get is good and if you haven't tried it get a McDouble with Big Mac sauce, i highly recommend it, it's excellent!!!
I've here tons of times per month for the last 6 mos.... took my business to this location after a nearby Mc D's kept screwing up and giving me the wrong order entirely every time, including giving me diet soda.

Today is like the third time in the last 2 weeks that I've ordered a DR PEPPER and got a DIET COKE, which I'm incredibly allergic to! Thanks for not taking the time to be careful of giving people something they didn't order! Maybe you guys need to be educated about artificial sweetener (which diet is worse for you than regular btw, readers) being a major 'food' allergy, before someone gets a lawyer. If it was my grandpa we were just getting a soda for, he'd be in the hospital right about now.

Thanks guys for making my insides burn for the next several hours!! I really (DON'T) appreciate it!!!!!
First of all let me say that this McDonalds doesn't have a sign in their drive thru stating that they charge for Ranch. 
Second of all customer service sucks here. I know that you can't expect them to treat super great but at least have respect. The stupid cashier at the 2nd window was Rude about me asking for ranch then got her manager which wasn't that nice either.
Third of all when I get home, my order is missing! I was missing one of our burgers. 
Then I try to call them but no answer. Why do they have a phone if they won't answer? So guess what store#18966 I call the 800 number and did a complaint. Hope you learn to have respect, I'm not asking for u to all happy and jolly JUST RESPECT!
Forgot to mention that my husband's fries where half way full! What's wrong with them!
Reliable late night or lunch spot the past few times I've been here or had food that my friends picked up. Didn't run out of rice for the chicken teriyaki bowl, unlike some crappy spot on Sunset at Arroyo Grande. Check it out, service was pretty fast even at around 4:30 in the morning.
Meh. Kind do disappointed. Burgers and curly fries tasted good, but everything was just warm. If I could have microwaved everything to heat it up, I would probably give two more stars.
This Panda Express has a drive-thru, which is great when it's 103 outside and I want lunch without stepping out into the broiler.   It was a fast queue and they got my order right.   

The orange chicken/Beijing beef was pretty unpalatable though, it was really dried out and sauceless.  It's a Panda Express, that happens.  Basically your average Panda without getting out of the car.
I just had supper here. This Panda Express did not let me down. Upon entering the restaurant, they greeted me with a 'welcome to Panda.' The entrees were just cooked. They gave me a nice portion. The restaurant has an atmosphere that is more casual than fast food. The instrumental music was a nice touch that provided for a casual fast food dining experience.
  I eat at restaurants all over. This is one of many Panda Expresses that I dine at. So far it has not let me down.
Came here for lunch today, just thought I would share some info. The place was very clean, service was good and all the food seem pretty fresh.
Stopped at this location for the second time in like 6-8 months. The first visit I was actually shocked to see that they offered vegetarian selections now and even changed the way they prepared their rice so that it was vegetarian friendly. In the past, there wasn't much I could order here outside of the cream cheese wontons.

This visit, however had nothing vegetarian to offer but the wontons and vegetarian egg rolls. Typically they have tofu. I was only stopping in because mom had a craving but thought I might order something once I started smelling the goodness. Well, I didn't get anything because as I mentioned, the selection was small.

Both times I have come here, the restaurant has been a ghost town. Today there was absolutely no one inside but the employees, me and my mom. The same for the last visit, but grant it they were both Sundays.

All in all they keep the place clean in which I appreciate and demand, and my mom loves it, so all is good. Oh and the staff? Always super friendly. Kudos to the training staff!
The foods not for fast food Chinese. It's not as greasy as some that I've had before, so it passes.
Good selection of Chinese dishes. The Beijing Beef is so good, I got an extra order to go. Clean restaurant; a good location. Not so many losers on this side of town. Forget about the combo plates - pick what you want, make your own meal. It only costs about $12. Have fun.
Terrible service, so-so food.

This place is super confusing and almost misleading. 

You order from the board, but you don't realize that you get charged extra for some entrees even though there is no indication of that until you actually start to order it. It felt like a trap. Like, who wants to sit at a drive-thru and make ANOTHER choice because you don't want to pay an extra dollar for what you already chose?

Anyway. I wanted to get extra vegetables to go with my honey shrimp entree (which was good, but for that extra dollar it's way smaller than the other entrees) and some chicken teriyaki for my dogs. They told me the teriyaki would be an extra five minutes so pull up and wait. I did so and waited 10 MINUTES for my food. I finally had to drive back through to get it. NOT HAPPY. 

I also asked the people at the window if they could make sure my other entrees were hot despite the wait for the chicken. They assured me it would be. It wasn't.

I would really avoid this place. It's super expensive for what you get and the service is terrible. The vegetables were good, but the spring rolls and the shrimp weren't good enough to pay for.
The food is good if you like panda express but the highlight of this location it's the drive-thru.  It is convenient for those times when you want to pick up to-go without getting out of your pajamas.  

An added bonus is that this location is busy so the food is always fresh.  Good employees and a recent remodel make for a good store overall.
I like Panda Express' food but this location just can't seep to get things right.  I've stopped here now three different times after work because of the drive-thru and because my fianc asked me to.  On the first two occasions they got my order wrong and on the third and last time they gave me the incorrect change which was weird because she was about to give me the correct change but for some reason, took it back and said "sorry that was the wrong change".   I let it go because it was only a dollar-or-so but, if I can do the math in my head then it should certainly be easy enough to follow on the register.  Three times in a row can't be a fluke!
I used to go here every morning for breakfast but no more.  This place has the rudest staff I ever encountered, particularly this one supervisor there who is bossing everyone around.  If you like psychodrama and tension in the morning, this is the place.
This was the first McDonald's in Las Vegas to have the new interior design & WiFi many years ago, when they still charged for it. This location is close to the corner of Sunset and Eastern, which is near the airport runway. The staff is friendly and the manager here knows how to get the customer their order quickly, even when there is a large group of people. This is a good spot to grab a drink or some food before heading over to Sunset Park across the street.
The staff is always nice to me. Of course I only know that because the drivethru kept dumping the drinks on me/my car so I started going inside to eat. I figured that was easier than dry cleaning or washing my car. The inside runs well together and handles the occasional freaks with class.
Today I ordered small fries. The amount of salt on the fries was tremendous. I would have asked for another order of fries with no salt, but I had seen there were no fresh fries being made at the time as the fry bin was full of those dreadful salt covered fries. I was on my lunch break and I didn't have the time to wait for a fresh batch. I spent around 3 minutes wiping my fries with tissues, desperately trying to get the salt off. Unfortunately this isn't the first time this has happened at this particular restaurant location. I am reluctant to go back anytime soon.
I eat here a few times a month and since the drive thru kept dumping my drink on me (twice in a month) I started going inside where the service is top notch. Of course today was the first trip to the bathroom where I discovered no paper towels (airblowers) but since I was there to blow my nose. I used a napkin and found no trash can. Im sure thats a price saving measure but I still believe you should have one or you will find all kinds of foreign objects being flushed down the drain. Just a thought guys. Just a thought.
Really really nice and friendly staff here.  I've mostly been through the drive-thru, and it's usually the same group of ladies working on Saturday afternoons.  Super nice and they never mess up my order.

My only issue is the drive-thru layout.  I don't like three windows, and I don't like the face-to-face ordering.  Seems less efficient, takes longer.

But all in all, good place.
Best McDonald's in town. Professional, fast and consistent.  Thats really all you can ask for in a McD's.
Now that they have upgraded and no longer have face to face, this is my favorite McDonald's in Vegas.
Quick service! Clean.
Its clean its fast its good food that wont break the bank :)
Dude made me cheat his timer. Yeah, it was late (like 2am) but I know the game; you let him cheat the order timer and he hooks you up. Not this time. That's why I'm putting him on blast. No one answered the phone for two hours after I left so I turned to yelp. Either do things ethically or don't and pay the dues. That's how it works. If Miguel or whatever his name is doesn't want to play the game then I'm gonna tell the manager that he's cheating his numbers. The food was exceptionally bad plus I backed my car up so it looked like he was doing a good job timing wise. He did a poor job. That's it. 

This was at 2am 6/8/14.
My experiece with them is a so so to below average. Not too long ago, I had purchased a meal deal through drive through one morning. I was told to park in the front and wait for my food, I noticed two customers after me was told to park in the front as well. after 5 minutes of waiting I noticed one of the employees had a meal, she denied it was mine. Patience was not a virtue with me that day. The Second customer after me got his meal. Noticing that I was first and had not yet gotten my food was not right. So I walked in and asked whats goin on with my order, the employee asked for the second time what I had ordered *the order she denied it was my order was really mine*.

I did call the manager that morning and expressed my dismay for a lack of communcation and slow food. He did the right thing and gave me a complementary meal and he had let me know what went wrong that morning (the cook was MIA). when I had showed up at the store, he had personally came from his office and apologized for the mess up.



I thought all was well until I had ordered my comp meal that the employees may have been messing with me? (its just a theory). Three other customers after me got their meal before I did. So I had walked over to the shift manager and asked if my meal was ready, his stupid ass response was "I was wondering why that sandwich was sitting there". I got my food and left.

I would travel a distance in the other direciton to another burger king that has excellent speedy service vs this one.

I'm glad that I dont have stock in this company.

One star:  For the store Manager (my cost management professor would be proud for his actions, doing everything in his power to make the guest happy; giving me a comp meal).
Two Star: free meal
I don't really have any gripes about this location. 

Everytime I order a "happy meal" they never correct me, simply give me what I want. I always feel a bit stupid afterwards but hey, it's an honest mistake.

They are pretty fast in the drive through and almost always clean on the inside. I always get please and thank you from the employees here too.
My husband went there for breakfast and had to go back 3 times because each time they got his order wrong. It's not hard to read the screen on an order. A few times I went there through the drive-thru the person could barely speak English, wow!!!!!!! I should have to speak another language other than English just to get my food order across and get it correct the first time.
There is nothing like wanting a quick bite to eat and be off on your way! For fast food under $7.00 and you get extras because there is so much to eat, this is your place! Its in a nice location and very clean as well as friendly staff! My sister and I always come to Panda when we want something good and cheap.. 

Orange chicken is very yummy and their fried rice is really good too. Although I'm a huge fan of their chow mein and vegie eggrolls..they are to die for! :)
I can't imagine too many people turning to a review site before heading to a well known fast food place like Panda Express, but just in case on that off chance someone is looking, here goes!

Food: It's all cookie cutter style food prep- that being said, this location even managed to mess this up. I love love love pot stickers!, I buy them at any Asian joint I go to, make them at home.. I have DREAMS of gyoza dipping itself in fresh ponzu sauce and feeding itself to me, because I love them so much! (well, maybe not that far, but almost.) However, this is the first time I have eaten what equates to a Gag Rubber Gyoza.. =( It was sadness for the tummy. I couldn't even pawn off the rubbery "treats" to my German Shepard. She just sniffed it and gave me the stink eye like I was trying to poison her with them. 

Customer Service:  I have said this before and I will stand by it every time; I don't expect 5 star service from a fast food joint. I understand these are minimum wage employees who more than likely die a little inside every time the put their uniform on in the morning.  I get that this job will not be the one they fondly remember as "the good ole days". That being said, don't make me feel that way too please! I don't want to feel like the life is being sucked out of me because of the Eeyore atmosphere. 

Price: WOW, I remember when it was actually cheap to eat here. For 2 people, with 2 item combos, and portions smaller than they used to be, it came to more than $18! I could have gone to one of those mom and pop Chinese shops, got the lunch special with soup, egg roll, and bigger entree portions for less. And the food didnt even taste fresh. It definitely was NOT worth the cost and lack of atmosphere.
Food is like all the pandas, just the service is not good, no bueno, they need to put more attention
I think this is one of the nicest Panda Express restaurants I have been to.  It is very clean and more classy than most.  It felt more like a restaurant and less like an express cafeteria.  The food was fresh and the staff was quick.  It looked like a long line when I walked in but it flowed so quick and smooth.  The Allman Brothers Band's "Ramblin' Man" came on my car radio when I parked and walked in and it was still going when I walked out and drove off.  Its not even that long of a song.  That tells you how fast this Panda is.  Even with the speed in which they work attitude towards the customers did not suffer.  I was not made to feel underappreciated or as an inconvenience.  Each team member down the line was polite for the duration of my time with them.  It may be subtle but it is one of those things that when done wrong sticks out like a sore thumb.    Good food, good service, good deal.
While I swore I'd never write up a fast food chain review, I have to give this location a nod, as it had no reviews, and frankly, it deserves the compliment.

Reason being?  I got very courteous, very polite, very efficient service.  The guy who was behind the drive-thru window this last Monday was as polite as he could be.  I don't know whether it was the result of a competent manager training program, or his momma simply raised him right, but I usually don't expect compliments when I get an average fast food burger.  Nice kid.

Plus, my order was completely 100% correct, and I simply have to make note of that.  While every experience down the road may not be as favorable or as agreeable as this one was,  you have to give credit where it's due.
Ok, BK, really? Now Im not one of those little food snobs, and Im a cheap beezy so after paying outta my butt for my car here is where I came for a little treat!

I only came for a ice cream sundae after Savers, and I went through the drive through. Now they recently remodeled this place, and its like stupid the way they put the exit right by the exit onto Lake Mead. You would think they wouldve made the opening big enough to enter AND exit, alas there is a sign to not turn into the drive thru... OK? SOOOOO if youre going to try and enter after leaving Chase, Savers, or any of those places you technically are supposed to go all the way around to enter. I was like wtf? and just went through anyway bc I had already pulled half way in. So I proceed to order my ice creams and the guy was ok, not amazing or super nice just ok. Service was quick but he gave me a dumb look when I asked him for a cup holder for 3 sundaes and a cup of water... hello bro! I dont have 4 cup holders! 

Anywho ice cream was yummy as usual and service was semi quick, not bad, just a weird drive thru entrance, and a huge slope going down the drive thru.. haha. Ill probs come back, I do love their 1$ sundaes!
This review is based totally on one thing and one thing only. OK. Maybe two things. When you go to Burger King, you know what's coming. I got a Whopper combo. And decided to give the new Chicken Parm a shot. I don't know what they are trying to pass off as marinara, but its not even close to being good. Now for the next complaint. The lady at the window asked if I needed ketchup. Good job on that. Usually you aren't even asked if you want it. My response was yes. A LOT OF KETCHUP, please! So how many do I get? Four. Four! You have to be kidding me! For a Whopper and an order of fries? Tsk tsk tsk.
Good Chicken club, fries were hot... just couldnt understand person on intercom clearly..over all it was OK
This is a nice BK.  The building has been remodeled and looks great.  The inside is pretty and looks very modern.  They have the usual seating as well as a little cove with couches and cushy seats to sit and have a coffee.  The playground area is nice and big.  It is 2 stories with a lot of room for the kiddos to run around in.  There is pretty limited seating for adults though with only 3 tables available.  Another bonus was the new automated soda machine.  I love these machines and the abundance of soda choices.  Yummy!  Overall it was a nice BK as compared to the others I have visited.
Since their redo, I have been loving this place.  I noticed their staff has improved and with their awesome pricing, for get about it!!!  Not normally a BK kind of a guy but this location has began to sway me.
I don't normally eat at Jack in the Crack, but I was on my way to Aria to have drinks with my wife and some friends & and realized that I didn't have anything to eat in the past 8 hrs.  That's not smart, especially if you're going to do some drinking....so, I stopped by this place to grab a quick bite to prepare my stomach for some alcohol.

I ordered 2 Big Cheeseburgers and a bottle of water in the Drive Thru.  It was fast and the burgers were hot.  They tasted ok.....they served their purpose well.

Will I return?  If I'm in a pinch, sure.
I can't really rate this place more than 2 stars, for one thing is that it's a fast food joint, and if you read my reviews then you should know that I rarely rate anything above 2 stars if it's a fast food place. This place has low and I mean very low quality of food, but because it is cheap, fast and open late, it will get my money. I really don't enjoy eating at this place, but it's really hard to resist 2 tacos for 99 cents after a great night of booze overdose. When the day is over, I usually find myself at this place after hours. I guess you can say that as long as they got cheap food open late, I'll continue to come here.
Went thru the drive-thru with my wife and daughter. Had to repeat back every item that we ordered. I guess they were done taking my order because they gave me my total before I was done telling them what I wanted. Oh well. Then got my drink wrong even after I had to repeat it 3x. I'm not even gonna go thru my disappointment with the ketchup.
Ugh, so bummed when Yelp told me I was a regular after only checking in here twice.  Got some coupons in the mail, so got a 1/2 off Oreo Cookie Shake for under $2 and then went back the next night for a free Hot Mess burger with the purchase of a gigantic $2 beverage.  The Oreo shake is standard, doesn't disappoint.  The Hot Mess burger wasn't that great.  Good bread, but even with all of the ingredients, I was disappointed.  Props to the guy who helped me for being so excited about this new burger, though.  Not sure I can get excited about any fast food, but I guess some people can.  That's rad.
We have been here twice. It was the first time my husband tried Jack in the Box. We had a coupon for the BLT burger, and then I got the Jr Jack. (I get extra onion-mayo sauce)
My husband was amazed at how good his burger was. The bacon was really crispy, and the vegetables were nice and cold. 
I should have paid more attention to the names of the young men who took our orders. I believe that on both visits the shift manager/supervisor took our order. One man had dark hair, and the second was Justin(Dustin?...sorry). Both men were extremely polite and genuinely happy people. The food was presented nicely, and tasted great. 
For anyone who has never tried a burger here, the meat reminds me of a cross between Wendy's and Burger King. Yum!
Sooo I really am not a huge fan of the food here, maybe their breakfast sandwich on sourdough is ok, but other than that its whatevs. What I come here for is their ICED COFFEE!!! It is seriously some of the best iced coffee I have ever had! I'm a frequent Starbucks, Mcd's, and even BK iced coffee drinker, but the one here is seriously the tits!

The Original flavor of coffee is vanilla they also have Mocha, but I've only have orig. They have a sweetened cream, which hands down blows this coffee out the park. Starbucks adds cream, but its super lacking. I like my coffee to be super light and creamy looking at boy they do it here.

They have your typical fast food, but here they pepper their meat a little too much imo. I like my meat juicy and thick sans pepper!

Their curly fries are decent, and regular fries arent hella greasy.

If I was only rating the iced coffee that would hands down get 5 stars. The price is a little steep, well, for IC. 1.99 for a 16oz and 2.89 for 24oz.

Yay!
2 stars bcuz I like McDonald's no matter what but dang-- fast food does not equal bad customer service. We ordered big so naturally, you would think a big bag would be in order but no. carrying the bag into the house, it ripped. I ordered the #11 (Fish Filet) and it never fails that the fish is never centered on the bun. We asked for sweet & sour sauce n grabbing it out of the bag, my girlfriend found it to be open already! ick! :( bad experiences = less customers. Make sure everything is in order before you leave.
This McDonalds is right next to my house, while I like the convenience, I have had numerous bad experiences with wait time during the late night drive thru only hours. This last time the guy in front of me waited  10+ minutes for whatever her ordered, then when I pulled up I had to wait 10+ minutes for my 2 Egg McMuffins. I knocked on the window and asked for a refund as I was tired of waiting, the girl who was doodling got rude with me and told me its late night and they just started there late night breakfast at 12am...It was 2am. Another girl heard the convo and brought over my "warm" egg McMuffins and I left.
 
This is actually the only place I have EVER written a corporation about for bad service.  I won't ever be going back there. Rather drive down to Jack n the Box on Craig.

To McDonalds credit, they called me and apologized and said they would look into it. So I shall just find other McDonalds to go to when in the mood.
This location is the business. Dude in the drive thru was rapping my order and was cool as heck.
Normally I would not go to a fast food restaurant and I have different tastes however I decided to try McDonald's on Ann Road. The gentleman who took my order was very polite and got the order 100% correct. When I got to my worksite I had determined that the chicken nuggets that I ordered were cold. My work site with less than a quarter of a mile from this McDonald's and there is no reason for the nuggets to be that cold that quick. I did try several of them and all of them tasted as it had been sitting out for a while and were not fresh. I ended up throwing out all of the food that I lost my appetite due to the taste of the nugget. I am relatively sure that this is because it's the graveyard shift and is only two employees inside that McDonald's. I will not be going back to that Restaurants in the near future.
C'mon now, who hasn't grown up with Mickey D's? Yeah, we all loved them growing up, but slowly got more health conscious as we grew older....Still can't deny the addicting fries though, gotta have 'em once in the blue moon, and the Mc Rib has a cult following that can't wait until they serve it up again!

Me? I like their food toys.  The Minions are the coolest things lately, and they just crack me up! I just had to add them to my other cool collectibles, the "transforming" Mickey D's food toys...remember those?

I just wish they brought back the OG Apple Pie...I miss that deep fried goodness!!!

ALOHA!!!
I've been going to this McDonald's for a few years now, they have fast service and good prices. The sweet tea is great and if they do mess up your order they will correct it with no hassles
This morning we had the grilled breakfast sandwich. It is large enough that my husband and I split it and the hash-browns were hot with a crispy out side. We will be having this again soon.
Every place that sells food needs to be rated against peers -- so you don't compare a Jack to a Stratta or anything. So this place really needs to be pitted against other places, and in particular those in the immediate neighborhood, I think. 

This place is great, and probably the best food choice when you're in that area. In the immediate area, there this, a Taco Bell (or Del Taco, I forget), McDonald's, and Wienerschnitzel. This place is always the fastest, provides the best food, and generally has the coolest people working there in that they're polite.

One time I went down here and I was starving after having worked a double shift. I rolled through the drive through and thought I should get enough food for then, plus some snacks for later. I ordered four tacos, curly fries, and jalapeno poppers AND IMMEDIATELY ATE THEM ALL. And all of the food was good and hot. Can't mess with that.
We are from the east coast "N.Y." and we came to Vegas for the first time in May of last year and did the typical Tourist thing. We got to Exp Jack in the Box for the first time ever and we really liked it. Its to bad they don't have any of these back home. Reminded me of old school burgers back in jrhs. lol Loved it!
The cashier/server was friendly and quick. The sandwich was well made. But the coffee was out, both regular and decaf, at 4 pm. Maybe it's just my luck. Otherwise I'd give it a 4-star.
Fast and very nice.
It is McDonald's what else can you say.
While seeing my food sit at the drive through window, I watched as the lady preferred to attend the coffee maker and then after taking her time I finally got my food as she handed me the food waiting at the window.... I could have left way before that! My fries suck and the nuggets are rock hard!
Second time I have gone through Drive-Thru and ordered Chicken Nuggets for my nephew.  They always forget the sauce.  Called to let them know it has happened twice.  The girl on the other end of the line said to check before I leave that it's in there.   I am paying for a product and checking to see that someone else has done their job.  Sad.
Finally left early enough for work to allow me to get a McD's coffee. I don't like the fancy coffees, just regular coffee with cream. I decided to be quick, avoid the drive-thru and go inside. My luck there was one person ahead of me, while there were at least 5 cars waiting outside. I liked the counter displays. They were a variety of coffee cups and mugs presented in such a way as to look inviting. I thought it was a nice touch. 
 Well, my turn came and I realized just how slow the cashier was. It was as if she had not a care Umbria world. After a few moments she finally took my order. Another woman actually made my coffee quickly, and I was headed to work. My disappointment came when I realized that the coffee tasted bitter. Burnt. Ugh. I will try another McD's closer to work next time. What a let down.
it has one star, because its required before i can tell you how HORRIBLE this location is.
OH MY GOD!
its like they went to fremont and hired any possible preson who was desperate for a job. a couple of the associates smelled, thats right SMELLED. like body odor. seriously? take a shower, youre in customer service let alone the FOOD BUSINESS! the kid at the register seemed as if he just got back from smoking a blunt in the back and although my order was repeated back correctly, it was received INCORRECTLY!
when i went back to get them to do it right, it took 5 minutes before i had to yell to the back to get someones attention. then the person that ended up fixing what was wrong fixed it with no gloves. god knows what she was doing before considering all staff disappeared to the back. the people behind us waiting for food even said they had terrible customer service. at one point i got so tired of waiting i climbed over the counter for ketchup. on top of all that, when my boyfriend got his food, it looked like the person who made the sandwich got hungry and gouged a piece of chicken right out of the center THEN proceeded to put it on the bun. food looked old, overcooked, dry, disgusting! 
i ended up handing everything back and demanding a refund.
absolutely ridiculous staff!
start hiring people with educations and people that show respect to those around them by BATHING. this place needs to be start over from scratch. from building to employees.
worst KFC, ever!
Got a craving for some of the Colonel's finest fried goodness and utilized the drive-thru. We had to wait while they made a new batch of crispy, but were compensated with a free drink while we waited. The food was exactly what we were expecting from KFC. It satisfied the craving. A return trip is in order the next time the craving hits.
I had a craving for fried chicken so I thought I would try out this KFC.  The food was ok, not great and not horrible...at least that's what I thought at the time.  Turns out, the chicken wasn't completely cooked and I ended up with the worst case of food poisoning I've ever had.  3 days later and I'm still sick.  I will never eat at KFC again and I would stay away from here if I was you.
Horrible! The drive thru is just garbage! The lady didn't even ask what kind of chicken we wanted, and we sat in the drive thru for more than 20 mins! No wonder they have only 21/2 stars... They don't deserve even one from me! Why can't we give 0 stars?
My rating is less than half a star!!!!!
This place is awful. The people at the drive thru have no listening skill and can't even repeat the order correct and it takes you 3 or 4 times to repeat the order before the person repeats the order back correctly.  Then when you get to the window they ask you the order again or say something that is wrong.  This has happen on 2 different occasions and we were the ONLY ONES in the drive thru at the time.  Then we would get the food and the food was wrong give it back and have to repeat the order AGAIN!!!!! Then a new person would come up and give me the drinks wrong flavor, wrong size.  I told them I want to 2 large Dr Pepper.  The person said we were charged for 2 medium drinks.  I told them that's not my fault I asked for 2 LARGE drinks, I want 2 LARGE drinks, the girl laughed at the window.  Get back to the house and I was still missing 2 of my side orders.  WILL NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER GO BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They can never get the order correct, the management is the worst here. I would give them a negative 5 stars.
I had only ever been through the drive-thru at this location and it was as you would expect from a drive-thru.  Not much customer service to speak of.  Going inside I would expect better that involves more face to face interaction.  Customer service is severely lacking at this location.  The lady taking orders made me feel like I was being an inconvenience.  Excuse me for being a paying customer and therefore a part of your salary, lady.  After I placed my order she threw all my food into a box and handed it over to me before I could even give her my money.  Obviously the food was not fresh though it was very hot.  After I sat down I could hear the staff arguing amongst themselves in the kitchen.  It is unprofessional to do so within earshot of customers.  Sad to see the lack of respect for ones job and customers.
Located around the corner from Highland Falls Golf Course, I like to stop by this location to grab a quick bite before a round of golf.  I really like the Sausage Biscuit Sandwich here.  They always get my order right and are fast.  I don't ask for much from my fast food restaurants....ha!

Will I return?  As long as I'm golfing, there's a good chance.
Always very friendly here :)
This location is no longer in business. It has been closed for several months.

I'm a little surprised they closed, as every time I was there they had customers, the majority of whom were seniors from Sun City. Granted I was there at breakfast/lunch time, I have no idea how busy they were at night.
They have signs posted telling you that you are only allowed 30 minutes to consume your food and then you must vacate... that seems a bit pushy.
Worst McDonalds EVER!!!!!!!!!! They are unable to get an order correct, Went through the drive through last night got home and no Fries in my bag. Got to the window and the woman running the window was talking about her personal life with a co worker laughing it up with her back t us making us wait instead of giving us our ice coffee. Then she seemed to remember she was working and brought us our coffee. Last time I went there I ordered something with no mayo which my tix said... got home and covered in mayo. called up to complain and the response...What do u want me to do about it??? If I get the craving for Mcdonald's I will drive out of my way.. I hope this one goes out of business....  This location is good for nothing
Worst McDonalds EVER!!!!!!!!!! They are unable to get an order correct, Went through the drive through last night got home and no Fries in my bag. Got to the window and the woman running the window was talking about her personal life with a co worker laughing it up with her back to us making us wait instead of giving us our ice coffee. Then she seemed to remember she was working and brought us our coffee. Last time I went there I ordered something with no mayo which my ticket said... got home and covered in mayo. called up to complain and the response...What do u want me to do about it???  I hope this one goes out of business....  This location is good for nothing, my husband and I if we ever go to another mcdonalds, it will be out of state!
The worst service ever. And I'm not a rude person, at all. I said "please" and "thank you." And I absolutely was not greeted whatsoever. Whoever that dumbass lady was, that was working needs to take that stick out of her. Don't be mad at me 'cause you hate YOUR job, bitch. Let's not forget that everyone is REPLACEABLE, including your miserable self. It took every bit of me not to cuss her out. I'd write a letter to corporate but she did not give me a receipt. Go figure right. I'm not one to talk down on people that works fast food because it's not in my character to knock someone's hustle. But she really needs to get it together. And for that, I will NOT ever return to this McDonald's ever again. Some bullshit. Oh. And. Not only did I not get a receipt... I didn't get a straw. And instead of 10 piece chicken nuggets, I got 9. What in the fucking fuck..... Fuck that McDonalds.
Worst McDonald's ever bad costumer service cold burgers cold fries the manager lady is the biggest B**** I have meet,  the people that work there are slow and dumb I think I rather drive out of my way than come here.
Went there just to get coffee in the morning and the one thing I need in the morning COFFEE was apparently out of order.
If I could give this place zero stars I would !!! They do not train staff in guest service and the management is horrible . When I am not near a Starbucks I like to come here sometimes for their iced coffee, they have never got my order right and never been compelled to fix my order or give me a refund . One day me and hubby were in a rush in the morning and grabbed " breakfast " when we got Into the car we look inside of our bag and we have all lunch items. We go back inside to correct our order and we are informed that breakfast is over and there is nothing they can do. They proceeded to take our name down and told us we could grab free breakfast the next day. Next morning comes around and we go to get our breakfast. We are told that our names are not in the book and again there's nothing they can do !? I mean it's mcdonalds but please have some pride in what you do!?
first time eating at sonic!  they need to open some of these in the bay area!  had the spicy southwest burger, which has crispy jalapeno strips, with some fries and a cherry limeaid drink.  pretty yummy!
Man, they need more of these all over the place.  When I lived in San Diego, the closest was about an hour and a half away.  Now that I live in San Jose, the closest is an hour and a half away!  Thank God my parents live in Las Vegas now.  Everytime I go to visit, I try and make a stop over here.  Their menu is like no other fast food joint.  It's kind of like Jack In The Box, but better.  And their drinks, wow, what a selection!  My favorite is this orange drink that tastes exactly like a 50/50 bar.  Now, that's good stuff!
My cousin who lives in Vegas has it made. He bought a HUGE house with a pool for PEANUTS and he has a SONIC burger right down the street from him. WTF! I love their burgers and specialty drinks. It's so easy to get fat with all the great breakfast and lunch selections they have. Wish they opened more Sonic joints in SoCal. Heard they got one in Anaheim. But how often do I go to Anaheim? I love how you order your food at this place. It's like buying gas and they bring the food to your car. Pretty cool. There used to be drive-ins in SoCal (like A&W) but they've all gone.
FREAKIN AWESOME DRUNK FOOD!!!! They have things that you usually might get at a diner, but it's more convenient because you don't have to get out of the car! Yay to corn dogs, mozzerella cheese sticks!!!!!, chili cheese dogs with fritos, shakes, and desert and blah blah mmMM.. dRoOoL.... 

like everyone else said... i want one by my house.... =(
I'll tell ya, the thing that makes these burgers so tasty are those diced onions.  They're like the most perfect sized cut onions I've ever seen.  Ok, so I'm easily amused in Vegas, maybe due to the delirium and toxicity, but these  burgers are great.  You can enjoy the burger without the diced onion, but I wouldn't recommend it.  

Oh!  I almost forgot to tell you about their milkshakes!  They're good.  Great with a little booze added... like a Mudslide but better.  Better because it's Vegas.
the drinks here are soooo good. as for the food.....eh
3.5 stars!  Ok, it's fast food....that's why, but it's really good fast food.  We were heading back home and needed to make a stop for a quick bite to eat.  We pulled up and ordered the whole menu at those little old-fashioned speakers that are in your individual parking spot!  It was so cool.  Then the Sonic workerS brought out our food!  It was a neat experience; like going back in time.  The food was deliciOOOOso!  it was great.  my hubby had a burger and i had a chicken sandwich, fries and we sampled a drink...got a sundae and a shake.  We like to eat a lot, OK!  we don't have a Sonic near us, so we wanted to load up and try as many items on the menu --- we didn't go too overboard, but left feeling contently-stuffed.  the food was good enough to go back and definitely worth trying instead of sticking to Mickey-D's.
when i'm craving fast food, this is the place! i love sonics! the grilled cheese is even good! the breakfast sandwiches are soo yummy! soo much to choose from their menu! the prices are great tooo... i love how its always open too, i think 24hrs...right?
SONIC was great!  Where can you get a meal for two for $8?  We ordered the brown bag special,  two burgers with cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, one with tater tots and one with french fries and 2 drinks.  We also ordered a grape creamslush and the worker gave us 2 for the price of one...it was delicious.  We went here several times during our trip and the service was excellent every single time....I wish they had a Sonic in Hawaii.
My first Sonic experience. I have never been so sick from eating so much ice cream (Sonic Oreo Blast), woah!

It was good though. The hotdog was also awesome. I can't wait to try out more items when I come visit again.
Friendly service, food came out fast :)
Poweraid slush so good
I frequented this Sonic for years when I lived in Vegas.  Since moving away, Sonic is really the only thing about Vegas (aside from a few really good people) that I miss. No Sonic where I ive now, but the commercials taunt me. 
The drinks are the best.  Go between 2-4 pm for happy hour.  Half price drinks.
I hate to admit being addicted to their Super Sonic breakfast burritos, and even have a weakness for their foot-long coneys. Generally, hot dogs are not something I will eat- but Sonic somehow does those right.
This Sonic is one of the better ones that ive been to. The food quality doesnt suffer even if the drive thru line is long and they are knocking out the cars. I prefer the Onion RIngs over the fries. Though there fries are still good. But the Onion rings are a little crispy but still soft and come out piping hot and greasy. Not all dry and burnt like some onion rings at a other establishment who will remain nameless. There is a Mcdonalds on the other corner but come on its a No Brainer where to go, when you want Scrumptous sandwiches. Delicious Desserts. Onion rings that will make you googley eyed. Drinks deserving of a king. And they are open late and i love the happy hour menu.
Can you say Chicago Hot Dog?  With the real banana peppers and a long pickle.  They are really good and worth the cook time.
We waited almost 35 mintues for two milkshakes. In the mean time, they rushed out food to cars behind us in the drive through - with orders that included ice cream.
I have never seen a place more disorganized. The employees seemed to have no problem solving skills whatsoever. What a disappontment- they used to be so good!
In the end, they handed us a $2 off your next visit coupon (we don't live in Las Vegas, so we'll never be able to use it) as an apology for the poor service.
Yay for being open on Thanksgiving! And happy hour even on Thanksgiving..made the last minute run to the store more bearable. Not only did I get the happy hour price I got a free rt. 44 coupon on my receipt!

Double Score!
I was hesitant to give the 5 Star rating, but I gotta do it. This Sonic hits it on the mark every time I've been here.

My boyfriend and I must be having coinciding sweet tooths lately because we have been hitting up this Sonic late at night to get some yummy ice cream concoctions. My boyfriend's go-to is always the M&M Blast and I usually switch between the Oreo Blast and the Chocolate Shake. I love their drinks. Sonic offers such a variety - shakes, slushes, sodas, and the sodas! I love that their Cherry Coke has a REAL cherry flavor and they top it off with a cherry!

Sonic also offers more than just your ordinary fast food fare with delicious hot dogs and the option of onions or tater tots instead of fries. The burgers are always good to me. I love their brown bag special! It's such a deal. How can you pass it up?

Never met an employee who was rude, although 90% of the time I have been through the drive-thru and not the pull up windows so not a whole lot of interaction with them. 

Sonic is a coveted institution that we in Las Vegas take for granted. People love this place and hate that they don't have their own where they live. Amazing that us Las Vegans can indulge all we want!
I like to stop in every so often for a limeade and an egg burrito. ya ya I know it's a weird combo but sometimes my brain needs its fix so I try appease.  The line is usually pretty long and I have to wait awhile to get to the drive thru window but I usually try to check beforehand to direct myself to the parking lot instead of waiting in line with everyone else.  Nonetheless, the staff is very nice and always smiling.
It's Sonic and my kids love it. Their menu is varied and the slushes make it a plus. Close to the out of the way casino we usually stay at and don't want to bother with the buffets. Tonight the carhop was especially awesome! I didn't get his name, but my son spilled his drink all over my car and he was such a BIG help! Customer service was truly outstanding!
Obsessed with their onion rings and cherry slushies. Love going there to just BS with my friends. Not a fan of their burgers anymore. Lately the buns have been frozen. Like literally the buns are frozen. Gross. So onion rings and cherry slushies is all I want from here. HAHAHA.
Quality of the food is always there! Love that they are open late and they full menu is available at all times. Great shake selections and prices, especially after 8pm. Delicious slush flavor combos.
Late Night ONLY! The worst shakes. Greasy whip cream that filled up half the cup. I ordered an oreo shake and it was just whip cream and a few crumbs of oreo cookie. Mix that with there nasty whip cream it was disgusting. My mistake for not asking for no whip cream, but it still should not have been half full of it. Just lazy service because it was late.
Try the lemonade.
The night crew tonight wasn't so great. Food took a while for the car ahead of us as well as our order. They also gave us the wrong order. Looked in the window n there was about 5 of them standing around talking story. No wonder our order was incorrect. The food they gave us was also cheaper then the ones ordered. :( fail on the night manager.
I love Burger king but this location is the pits :(
We don't have much to choose from over here it is either this, McD's (they mess up your order a lot at that one) and Capriotti's (I love Caps!).
The workers are always acting childish and horsing around.
My food is never accurate.
I don't know what else to say but that I will just eat at another location when I am near one and hungry.
I visited again since it was right off the freeway and i was in a hurry and hungry.
Why do I torture myself and go to this BK?!?!
The drive-thru was sooooo slow and yet again my order was wrong.
Oh how I wish Capriotti's next door was open 24/7.
HOLY TOLEDO batman!

I just went through the drive thru and they got my order RIGHT and it tasted GOOD!

This is a first for this location!

I only got a rodeo cheeseburger so maybe it was because I didn't make it too hard on them ?!?! ;)
I always cringe at leaving bad reviews for businesses as a whole, because chances are there are some nice, hardworking people there, even if the overall experience is generally awful. With that said, I frequent this place because it's convenient and the playground is usually pretty clean. Also, they have free wifi!

I don't eat the food anymore because I'm gluten-free, but my bf says its edible. 

The reason they get 2 stars is because they are HORRIBLY SLOW in the drive-thru, and generally in the mornings. I've seen food we ordered given away right in front of me, and then watched the new batch sit for many minutes before anyone decided to bag it up. 

The staff is generally nice, but rarely seems to care that you're there.
Ok now- I don't know what happened, or if it's just a different crew, but something happened here and the service has been outstanding. I've had to come here to use the internet for the last week, and they are SO incredibly nice, and always hustling. I can't vouch for the food still, because I'm gluten-free, but smelling everyone else's food is driving me crazy- it smells delicious. 

So as far as Burger Kings go, this one is pretty cool, and the improved staff has really turned things around.
I've been to this location 4 times and they got my order wrong 3 times AND made me late returning from lunch. I don't expect much, I mean it's not Le Cordon Bleu but it's not rocket science either. I go out of my way to avoid fast food but had time constraints on my visits so had no alternative. 

The last guy at the window was in a spectacular mood. So much so that I was prompted to ask him if he was medicated and if so, to give me his doctor's phone number. He laughed and said he loves his job. Wrap your mind around that. He amused me for the rest of my time in the Gulag that pays my bills. He got my order right for a change so I was pleased.
Since this place is near my work, I enjoy it. The employees are friendly. It wasn't busy when I went and they are very courteous. I recommend this place if you're ever near and want to grab a bite.
I popped into the drive-thru for lunch one day when I was short on time. This is the perfect place when you're in a hurry! 

The drive-thru was totally full, but it took me less than 5 minutes to get through it with my food. The employees were all polite, but businesslike. 

While I don't resort to fast food often, I'll be back here next time the situation calls for it!
This BK is near my house and I get coupon booklets in the mail often. I wouldn't eat here as much if I didn't have the coupons. The burgers are fast food average and the veggies are usually fresh. The workers are nice but the wait time can be brutal often. I do like the cinnabon options they have I just don't like when they put in the box and bag upside down so that when I open it the frosting isn't everywhere but on the bun.
The grossest grilled chicken salad EVER! Slimy chicken that is NOT hot and yellow lettuce!!! At least I have the croutons to eat.  I should have known better :(
This has got to be one of the slowest drive-thrus I have ever had the pleasure of waiting in line for! I only ordered medium sized french fries and a hot chocolate, and it took at least 20 minutes to finally get my order!  And to top that off, when it was finally my turn at the window, it took them 5 minutes to open the window to tell me that my order will be ready shortly! You may think I am exaggerating, but I am not! Hopefully my next time there will not be as horrendous!
SUPER slow drive-thru (even at 10PM!) but the guy at the window made up for it by hooking me up with a couple free frozen lemonade coupons!! No purchase necessary? I'm there!
I wish i had the chance to choose which cashier to help me. I always end up with that rude disrespectful Af-Am lady. Too bad i only had few minutes for my break, and it's close to school. I swear i've tried all the fast food chains around CSN.

Okay, let's get straight to the point. I always get the worst customer service EVERYTIME she's the cashier. She shouldn't be there. No smiles, no greet, she just takes orders, tell you how much is the damage and would give you a weird look if you give her exact change.

Recently, i went there again to grab a quick lunch. Same thing did happen! Lol i ordered Mcbites and she forgot to put the sauce in my bag. As i was going through inside my bag, not even knowing something was missing, take note i was holding my bag in my arms, she shoots the sauce inside my bag like a basketball pro and then stares at me like "there's your sauce bitch, you can leave now." Lol it was sorta funny but come on! Say atleast excuse me?

Never heard any word from her besides, "medium or large?"

She needs to go back to training or stay in kitchen.
McDonalds food served by English language challenged people. Enough said.
This place takes ages to make food, they  tell me the credit card machine isnt working, which is almost every visit. Seems to be a slow and annoying process to obtain fast food!
I am not a normal patron of McDonald's. I make it a goal in life never to step foot in these nasty soulless establishments, but AMEX was offering 5$ off of 5$, so I went into this place (looks as good as a McD can look from the outside) and as soon as I step foot I notice there are napkins all over the floor like if it was a part of the new tiling scheme or something. 

I grasp my Chipotle bag a bit closer. Get in queue.

There is this guy in one of the front-row stools facing the action at the registers that is praying over his poor, chemical/GMO laboratory-concocted excuse for 'food'. I thought I entered one of those live art installations I learned about in Art Appreciation and on World's Dumbest (which my girlfriend watches, not me!). Try to ignore him. 

Finally, after what seems like fifteen minutes (how is it that Chipotle next door not only took my order immediately, but had my food bagged and charged in less amount of time and it is REAL FUCKING FOOD?), I reach a really short Latina lady that seems like she has zero happiness left in her life and she wishes she was in whichever state in whatever country she is originally from instead of here. 

"Good afternoon."
::weird look:: from the cashier
"Five dollar gift card, please."
"Fif dolla."
"Yes, ma'am."
I try to hand her my CC in an awkward misunderstanding on procedure at McDonald's in 2012. 
She points at the self-serve CC machine aggressively angry.   
Seconds later, I am about to slide my card and she updates me on breaking development: no cards for gift card; cash only.
"Uh, really. Cancel that then." 
I walk out in defeat. 

I have asked around regarding this seemingly concocted policy rule and was told to go to a nicer McDonald's. Well, it's really relative, because there is no such thing as a 'nice' McDonald's, simply varying levels of shittiness accompanying your shit faux-food. - E
Quick service. Food was hot
I'm not a McDonald's eater. Blame Fast Food Nation, blame their rash of bad publicity, or blame common sense, but the "food" here isn't really good and we all know it. That being said, their double cheese burger tastes like childhood and you can't deny that, either.

I usually stop here to hit up the Redbox machine, but occasionally I'll pop in to grab a treat for my BF or a friend. Somehow, in the handful of times I've gone in, they've always been out of chocolate shakes. And half the time their coffee is lukewarm despite being fresh-made. 

Without fail, this place is always kind of messy, and their parking lot layout is a disaster waiting to happen- it's small and seems like half the spots are handicap-only, but luckily the lot itself connects on either side to the car wash and the Walmart plaza. Because you can't go to one without going to the other.
You can't go wrong with Popeye's.  This is the very first time I had Popeye's chicken.  My uncle took me here for a quick lunch when I went to visit.  I was quite excited since there was no Popeye's at the time in my area.  Yay for Popeye's Chicken... although I don't have it anymore because it's a bit well, greasy.
Three stars for the weak service at this Popeyes location. I've been there a handful of times and found them out of spicy chicken on one occasion, out of red beans & rice on another. And these weren't busy or overcrowded days. These are the company's most popular dishes, how can a location be so poorly stocked that they run out of them?

Then there was the visit that they ran out of cooked chicken and locked the door until more was made. Seriously. It gave one of the employees some extra time to count biscuits as she made them. Watching her do this, it was apparent she was having trouble with it.

If you have a choice, find another Popeyes location. I no longer frequent this one at all.
a fast food joint in a gas station. about as dumpy as you can get . had a "b" rating from the health dept
didn't speak hardly any english. looked at me all dumb and then screwed up after taking 20 minutes by leaving out my pies. i called back and everyone played the "no english" card
hot & spicy chicken was good, buscuits are the bomb.(they forgot the butter) (and forgot my pies) red beans & rice is good & spicy. corn sucked-cold and undercooked. better than kfc & churchs but still fast food
chicken was good & hot but service & screwing up my order cost them
Poor customer service in Spanish AND English. You just can't legislate or regulate against stupidity. It is hard to manage a franchise operation, I know. But with unemployment hovering at ten percent, I think this Popeye's can do better.

The chicken I'm not interested in fueling a brand loyalty debate. It is what it is. Spitefully overpriced, but each to his own as I prefer the flavor of the spicy. But bad customer service in today's economy is UNFORGIVABLE. 

I'm not talking about someone who can't speak in a language I understand (because they didn't realize it ... but I speak all languages spoken at this particular Popeye's) and I'm not talking about someone having a bad day at the register. I'm talking about shameful, rude, arrogance beyond comparison.

No...I will never go back to this ghetto excuse for a Popeye's.  This chain restaurant franchise has earned my "Restaurant Most Deserving of Implosion" award for this year. There is no excuse for the racism displayed by these people, and no excuse for the clowning around behind the counter in view of the customers whom you attach nicknames to. Evil, evil people.

Grr.
LOVE Popeyes.

Pros:
Best fried chicken there is.
The sides are AMAZING. 
Takes me back to my roots.

Cons:
Prices are a lot steeper than they used to be.

I've eaten so much Popeye's that I think a few years have already been trimmed off my life.........pretty good way to die I suppose.
I eat at KFC every now and then, so I was expecting the same if not better at Popeyes in Vegas, though as soon as I walked in, the menu seemed disappointing, mainly because it lacked the wide variety of options I'm used to seeing.

Anyways I went for the simple chicken and biscuits, and it tasted just as such, chicken and biscuits, neither special, or terrible, just average, and given the prices, its not worth it at all. The Popeyes I went to regularly in Chicago makes this feel more like a dump then anything else. Customer service wasn't very good either.

As the 2 star rating notes, "Meh. I've experienced better."
I love popeyes chicken , but this location just doesnt stand up to the same type of service and food i have always recieved.  First off the employees were too busy sitting around and chitt chatting with each other , than worrying about their customers.  On top of that we ordered a BASIC meal 3 chicken strips fries and a drink.  However the 6 orders behind us were filled first , then ours....  how is this possible ?  Then once we recieved the food , it just did not taste good.   Luckily i do not live near this place and will not have to go again.
Service was terrible. I was craving Popeyes today and I happened to be in Vegas visiting. We went off the strip to this location hoping for some good ol Popeyes. I was very disappointed. First of all the cashier couldnt speak english but that really wasnt the problem. The chicken was very dry. It taste like it had been cooked in day old oil. The mashed potatoes did not have enough gravy and the sandwich was sloppily put together. They didnt even give me a napkin or fork when i was clearly eating in. I went back to ask for sauce and they wanted to charge a quarter per packet! Out of all the popeyes Ive eaten at Ive never had to pay for sauce and it wasnt even like I already had sauce and wanted extra. If I could give this place a 0 i would.
My wife saw "Under cover boss" on TV, and decided to try Popeyes on 6111 W. Sahara Ave (ST # 5637) on 3/03/2012..
She was very excited and when she mentioned the TV program, she was met by a very Unfriendly, Rude, Ignorant and Strange attitude...it totally spoiled the whole experience and her appetite....never again.Tel ID LK940606
8 pce chick $14.39 mash $1.89 Tot $17.60 what a waist of time and money.
Fan of their food, but not the store, service, or parking.  Place gets packed on Tuesdays for their 2 piece deal.  Can't go wrong at this place for crispy chicken.  Location is pretty small (only a few tables).  Their fountain drinks are shared with Terrible's gas station (actually cheaper to buy a cup from Terrible's).  It's a fast-food joint, so you can't expect good service.  Always check to see if they gave you the correct number of pieces you ordered.  They don't offer you hot sauce or napkins, so you have to ask.  

Parking here is a pain (especially on Tuesdays).
I love coming here on 2 piece Tuesdays ! You get two pieces for 99 cents! I typically buy $10.00 worth for the week for every ones lunches. It comes in handy when I'm dog tired from work and don't feel like cooking. The best way to save is to make  the sides at home. I'll usually pair it with rice,  mashed potatoes, or we will bake some Pillsbury biscuits at home. It's a nice solid meal but it's best to get there early because the lines can get crazy!
Given the time I should up, (closing time) I got fast service. And the girl behind the counter was really nice!
A big black Cockaroach ran across the the counter when we were placing our order. we stop the order and went to Jack in the Box down the street.  I would not go back!  Stay away!
This popeyes is the worst. Ordered a 12 piece only got 11. I dont know if they cant count or what but I waited for about 15 min for my order. Then the fries were gummy and tasted like fish. Ok so moving forward when i got home and finally sat down and had a piece of chicken. The inside of one of the pieces had so much coagulated blood it was disgusting. Im not talking about a small spot the whole piece of chicken. Needless to say as soon as i find the receipt i will be calling customer service because i refuse to drive back out in all that traffic. A pure waste of money.
I know this isn't Burger King where you make it my way BUT when I ask for NO mayo and you say OK, I assume you are confirming that you understand and are acknowledging that there will be NO mayo on my sandwich.

I really don't see how it can be so difficult to make a handful of burgers.

I mean the place is dead-nobody inside or  in the drive-thru.

I really have low expectations of the food here but I've come to expect so much more of the service -after all this is the only fast-food place in the chinatown neighborhood where most everyone speaks english.

I used to count on this place for midnight munchies with some deep-fried tacos for $1 but now I'm just too pissed too go back!!!
Nothing has changed. Still sucks! I should have read my own review before going back.
I've always liked eating at Jacks! The menu is affordable! I like this location they have the best customer service, I believe the drive through person is Carlos, that guy is awesome and goes above and beyond to make sure customers are satisfied. Thank you for your awesome customer service!!!!
There drive-thru is really slow late at night but there new late night combs are so yummy.
If no stars was an option, it would happen. I ordered my food, pulled up to the window and before I handed over my payment I saw a roach on the wall. Took a picture(which I will post) and told the cashier. She looked, shrugged her shoulders and said"not the first person to say something". I get it, you work minimum wage and flip burgers for a living. But in any restaurant, cleanliness should be priority.
this was the worst experience i have had in like forever.
first when i get there they tell me that this location doesn't yet have the new sandwiches.(even though the 29 others do)
well i just roll with it & order a #3-the flamethrower-looks alot like the new a&w firecracker-a double cheese with spicy jack-hot tobasco mayo & peppers.
they told me it would 5 minutes & they would bring it out. i started looking at they ads & i was ready to get a banana split & get another to go for the kid.
but then the food came out........
it was so terrible i took 2 bites & spit it out. greasy, greasy,greasy. no flavor beyond the grease. it was not spicy in any way-the tomato was frozen, the lettuce was the white piece from the center, the little smear of pink mayo was in no way spicy and the cheese was just white it had no peppers in it or anything. no jalapenos or peppers of any kind on it. and the burger was disgusting-greasy & slimy. a freezer burnt frozen patty. the second bite i bit something hard like a rock and it was over. the fries were undercooked and the soda was flat. the management seemed completely clueless. no wonder this place is empty every time i have ever driven by. i would recommend doing what i did for 10 years before today-just drive by! or if you do stop just take the $$ & a lighter and watch it burn!!
Love this old school Dairy Queen! They always hook my dogs up with milk bones in the drive thru. Just be patient with the drive thru speaker. It's old; speak slowly and clearly. :-)
The most awkward drive-thru I've EVER seen. It's kind of annoying to make that very tight turn into the drive thru line, but what I won't do for ice cream. 

I've been here on a handful of occasions and it does the trick when I've craving some dairy goodness. I usually get a dipped cone, but they have two new flavors to choose from - cherry and butterscotch. I tried the butterscotch, but I'll probably stick to the tried and true chocolate next time. Haven't tried any of their food items. I strictly come here for dessert, usually after dinner in Chinatown. 

Good for what it is.
When did DQ stop having mr.misty floats?? It has been at least a decade since I've been to a dairy queen, but that was a sad surprise. They had Arctic something or other, basically a slurpee and it wasn't the same, way way too sweet. They have the classics - blizzard, dip cone, and I think buster bars? Its nice to see an old school dairy queen still standing even if they didn't have what I came for
Puke Palace!!!

Advisory: This location ONLY!

I use to come here on my lunch breaks because it was right next to where I used to work. I would walk here almost once a week...JUST FOR CONVENIENCE! We only got a half hour lunch so I had to go somewhere close and the only other option was Mc Donald's and I'm not a big fan! 

So hmmm where do I begin? Yes its that bad! 

Ok the 1st time I came here I ordered a bacon cheese burger combo which after tax was like $8.00bucks!!!...OMG it took 20 minutes for me to get my order which meant I had to scarf this nasty sickening burger down in 5 mins because I still had to walk back to work and clock in! 

Not to mention on top of it taking forever to cook it was under cooked I saw it was rare pink!!! I was so pissed off and had no time to complain I just ate the thing and left to work. 

I tried this place a few more times only because I didn't have time to eat anywhere else. 

The second time I ate here I tried there chicken strips. UMMM they were tasty but had blue dots streaming through them...not sure what that was but hey I'm still living! 

After trying various items I came to realize the only tasty and safe thing to order was their chili cheese fries which after tax came to almost 6 bucks for a large. 

Luckily I do not nearby anymore and will NOT be returning! 

*NASTY FOOD 
*OVER PRICED 
*DIRTY AND FILTHY DINE IN 
*DRUGGED OUT EMPLOYEES 

PS: The employees are ALL NASTY and DRUGGED OUT!!! 

I witnessed an employee with dirty finger nails. Also no washing of hands or gloves while touching raw and cooked food. This location seems more of a health department issue than anything else. 

Please if you can avoid eating at THIS Dairy Queen Please avoid it! at all costs!
I am guilty of eating at this location from time to time as it is close to my home. 

I have to say I normally like Dairy Queen! It takes me back to the 80's when life was easy breezy! Mmmmm Heath bar blizzard, such a treat! 

Cherry dilly bar, mmmmm yummy! 

My issue and complaint is THIS location only! 

I finally decided to write my review to help others avoid this train wreck of an operation! 

If I can save one person from eating at this location then I have done my duty! 

Food is never made or cooked properly! 

Corn dogs are still frozen in the middle. 

Blizzards have very little mix ins! Always skimpy! If I order a snickers or heath bar blizzard, come on and put some in it! 

Cheeseburger tasted fowl and I can't describe the taste and odor other than the memory of tossing it into a bin labeled TRASH. 

Prices are high for the amount and quality of food you get. 

The wait for food is ridiculous, after visiting a few times and waiting 20 minutes regardless of what I ordered I knew this place had issues. 

I should have never returned after my first visit however I was open at the time to give them another shot. Always a long wait and disappointment in what I ordered. 

This store is clearly a franchise, they are not playing by the rules that is for sure. 

They cut corners beyond reason and it shows in their service and quality. 

The staff at this location leaves a lot to be desired. 

I have cut this location out as an option, it no longer exist to me. 

The drive thru set up is ridiculous. Try driving in an inside circle and talking through a cup and string speaker system. 

Stay away from this location! 

They are only consistent in BAD.

This location has been written off of my list for good!
Not the best, not the worst, but definitely fills the need quite well. DQ doesn't fall under the late-night category but it does fit my requirement of comfort and quick. All deep fried goodness, DQ burgers are better than the fast chains (McD, JiB, BK), and DQ uses a Frank's Hot Sauce.

Recent EPIC discovery upon my last visit: you can add hot fudge to the bottom of your Blizzard. BRILLIANT!!!
I drive by this location often going to and from plays at Las Vegas Little Theatre in Chinatown.  I always see their Blizzard of the Month and I have never had one.  I'm always on my way home and it's on the wrong side of Spring Mountain Road.

OK, I had extra time the other night and I had a strong desire to get some ice cream on the 100 degree day.  Problem solved.  Traffic was lighter than normal and I was able to make the south turn into the DQ , parked, and went inside.

The store is a bit old and somewhat rundown, but it was clean and there weren't many people there.  I looked at the Blizzard board for quite awhile and decided to go with the Blizzard of the Month--Confetti cake.  That's white cake pieces and confetti frosting blended with vanilla soft serve.  It was OK.  I should have stood firm with something peanut butter, but hey, when you're Blizzard of the Month, I guess you have to be good.

I may stop here again but I'll order with more care.  The staff was very pleasant and let me take all the time I wanted to decide.  Good service.
It wasn't bad, but wasn't as delicious as I remember back in the day DQ was better than ok but then again I was a pothead! But their blizzard are still better than ever && this location isn't dirty it's pretty clean. But I'm going to stick to the blizzards && eat a real meal some where else. So if you come here make sure it's for desert.
Horrid stay away.  

I don't know why i went to this place after reading the terrible reviews. 

Every bad review was spot on.   This place sucks beyond imagination.

Horrid food, and a staff that is totally out to lunch.
came here after dinner with some friends. 

main issue is:

i think the owner (an asian dude) was wearing crocs without socks while making and serving food.



the portions were generous, my blizzard was overflowing. awesome. but then while we were eating we all got this whiff of ASS. i looked at my friends and they looked at me like "did you do it?" finally we looked over at the only other people who were an old couple a few tables away from us and they looked over at us like "do you smell that?" finally we all started laughing and said it must be their sewer pipe or something. we already finished our stuff but overheard the wife of the elderly couple say "ugh... how can you eat that with that smell?" hahaha we all got up and left. everyone was laughing while we walked out the door.
This place is the definition of repugnant. I understand when a mistake happens once or twice when it is busy, but I have gone here multiple times and during those multiple times, my order and the service have been not at it's best. For example, I have ordered fries and they told me it was going to be a few minutes because they make everything fresh, but when I got the fries, they were cold and undercooked. Secondly, when I order a blizzard, the amount of toppings in very light. Thirdly, filthy filthy filthy. I am not surprised that I saw a C rating in their lobby. Overall, I will no longer go out of my way to this place is to eat.
I like this location.  They're right by my house, so it is very convenient.  

The staff have always been polite, and have never messed up an order. :D
Love this dairy queen location they always get my orders right and I love there blizzards and they always are top notch when it comes to service and customer service.
drive thru, avoid going in there. i always get the Hawaiian Blizzard! yumo
Dairy Queen was a mystery to me before meeting my girlfriend. She introduced me to the delicious chicken strips and wonderful drinks. The blizzards are made with a multitude of toppings! I will be coming back frequently to get my chicken strip fix and a great dessert!
Burger was GOOD and I loved the tater tots, too!! Didn't get a chance to try everything since we only went once!! Can't wait to try more, IF I COULD FIND ONE IN THE BAY!!!!!

Didn't give 5 stars for the fact we pulled into the drive-in and when we pushed the button for them to take our order, they tell us they are closed and go to the drive through (BOO!)...we really wanted to take advantage of that...I was shocked that it was closed at 11pm-in Vegas on a Saturday!!! I THOUGHT NOTHING CLOSES IN VEGAS!?!
friendly service, fun atmosphere but a liitle slow. hamburgers,hotdogs,shakes and ice cream. better than dairy queen but still not real good food. every time i get a chili dog it falls to pieces from the cheap buns. drink specials 2pm-4pm 1/2 off are really the only reason we go anymore. last time we ate was during the tomato scare and they were still serving them & we all ended up sick
This is the first Sonic Drive-In i've ever seen in my life despite all the commercials they have on TV. Pretty good service and the food comes quick- i love how the ordering, paying and receiving of food all happens with the customer being inside their parked car! The food was just OK to me- we ordered a cheeseburger, a toaster sandwich (which my friends liked a lot), fries and tater tots. Slushys here are overly sweet! We came during happy hour so all the slushys were half off.
Okay, this place really isn't *that* bad.  

Good selection of burgers / sandwiches served on texas toast (!), hot dogs, tater tots (!) and slushies.  The whole "car service" is a great novelty.  Pull up into a spot, peruse the menu, push on a button and place your order.  Wait anxiously in your car for your order, watch the servers literally roll out to your car to deliver your food.  Staff was friendly and quick.  Great value, as well.  

Sure, it's not the best place to go to in Vegas. But if you're in the area and need to satisfy your hunger, it'll do...
Half Price Drinks from 2-4pm @sonicdrive_in daily got me in the door for a cherry limeade which was fantastic ...BUT I made the mistake of ordering a chili cheese dog which had to have been the WORST hot dog EVER. It was like a boiled cheap gas station weiner with runny flavorless chili. YUCK:( 



Now I remember why its been awhile since I last ate at Sonic-just bad fast food still trying to survive on the car hop nostalgia totally missing it on the food
Yum. Great cherry limeade and banana shake. Tater tots were super hot, which I love. Service was quick and friendly.
Sonic's...oh Sonic's 

How many times do I have to be deceived by your commercials and pretty pictures of your food? 

So here goes, as a late night guru, one must be thoroughly acquainted with late night fast food drive thrus. This Sonic's is on West Sahara, about 5 minutes from where I live: definitely in my comfort zone of travel. All the usual fare of Sonic: sundaes, burgers, and limeades. All done well here. I suggest drinking your cherry limeade with a peppermint in mouth and caramel sundaes here. I usually stay away from the burgers and sandwiches because they usually hover around bland. Grilled cheese, tots, and stuffed jalapenos are also notables. Chicken fingers are also decent. I suggest eating here if you're not in the mood for the same old JITB, McD's, or Del Taco. More pricey than the usuals but well worth the novelty of dessert at 2am from a drive thru...namely because all JITB and McD's turns off their ice cream machines in the twilight hours. ^_^
The limeade is premium fast food trashy fun.  The foot-long coney fills the void with a soft bun soaking up the chili and the frank is a pork & beef mix like it should be, not the hard dry all-beefs that people seem to always want (Hebrew National excepted).  Soft serve with blended-in extra stuff.  Staff is fast and friendly. This is all the fast food classics and I like it.
I had my first Sonic burger yesterday.  It wasn't what I expected it to be but it was good.  The Sonic Blast w/ Reese's was damn good though!
I'm digging their new hot dogs, and the BLT is pretty good too.
This location has been a staple to my lunch list of places to eat, depending on where I am working. Generally, good service, and standard Sonic quality.

Today, I ordered, could barely hear the order taker, luckily, my order was right! A definite rarity. Their machine asked if I wanted to pay by card, which I did, unfortunately it did not want to accept my debit card. Oh well, tossed another one in the machine... a half dozen times, before I was able to pay.

It seemed like mere seconds before my special order burger, drink and tots mmmm delicious, savory tots were delivered by a roller skate enabled car hop.

Took off back to the office, scarfed down my burger, enjoyed tots with fry sauce, which if you have not had it, is a must! And drank the soda too quick so I could savor the crunchy ice.
Why would anyone take the time to write a review about a drive thru burger joint? I mean, they're a dime a dozen, right? Well, for my money Sonic Drive Thru is a cut above most of the other chain burger places that line our streets. The burgers at Sonic are always fresh and made to order and the variety of burgers to choose from is quite extensive. A lot of the big chains have to slather their sandwiches with secret sauce or condiments to hide how dry they are. This isn't the case at Sonic. Their burgers are always juicy and full of real beef flavor. These are the kind of burgers that you have to hunch over to eat or you end up with a stained shirt. That's how a burger should be. 
  The fries at Sonic are fried to crispy perfection and the serving sizes are generous. Sonic's onion rings are easily the best at any burger place I've ever been. They are always hot and fresh with a perfectly crunchy fried shell. They are heaven. 
  This part of my review may sound a little odd, but Sonic has the best fountain Coke I've ever had. Now you may say that there isn't any difference from the Coke at one place or another, but Sonic has to be tweaking their Coke in some way. The first time I took my wife to Sonic I told her how good the Coke was compared to other places. She thought I was nuts until she tasted it for herself. She was hooked. If anyone knows their secret I'd like to know. Sonic's milk shakes are also worth the extra calories. They always have an assortment of specialty shakes for different seasons and holidays and they are always delicious. Sonic no longer has one of my favorite treats on their regular menu: the Cream Pie Shake! These were available in banana, chocolate and coconut. The Cream Pie Shake do occasionally pop up on the menu in a variety of flavors and if they are being made when you stop by, they are a must. Enjoy!
Standard Sonic. If you like Sonic, you'll like it here. Fun Fact: we shot a pick-up scene for a porno here in Jan of 2010.
3.5 STARS but will bump them up .5 star because I don't have a lot of Sonic's near my homebase in SF Bay Area.  From the Yelp listings, I saw that Vegas is lucky to have a LOT of Sonic locations.  When I dropped by this one, I thought this was the only one in the whole city...oops, guess I was wrong.

My MO whenever I go into Sonic is to stick with things I know.  #1 on that list is the limeade.  Everything else I have had gotten mixed results.  Today, I tried the Chicago dog and the tots with a limeade.  The dog was OK, the bun fell apart later when the relish and pickle started to make it mushy.  The tots surprisingly were very good and not undercooked or overcooked.  

And of course, the carhop workers who had to deal with some pretty nasty wind conditions out there so I sympathized a little bit.  I tipped mine a few bucks.

Still love the limeade!
Five stars all the way! I love Liz & her staff!
I've always loved going to Sonic. Cheap eats and drinks that tastes better that McD's or any other fast food places in town. My bf loves their malt shakes. I love that I receive texts informing me whenever they have daily specials (like .50 burgers or .99 hot dogs). Food comes fast and the carhops are usually friendly.
I am a regular at this Sonic and I really like the employees a lot.  Great treatment and very nice.  Don't know what I would do if I could not stop here on my way to work.
Sonic . . . so good for dessert!  They also have a happy hour between 2-5 p.m. where drinks are half off.  Includes the limeaid.
Food is great and on par with other Sonic locations, but this location takes their time getting your food ready in comparisson...especially if you go through the drive thru window! If you go through the window then expect to be in line a while because they're not as quick as they should be. IProbably and understaffed location is my guess.
Tuesday night sweet tooth went unsatisfied as we started to order some frozen desserts.  Only to be shot down with, "I'm sorry but we're out of ice cream tonight". WHAT?  Are you kidding me?  Plenty of other spots to go for dessert and we will not be coming back here.
Just rolled in to get a quick small vanilla milkshake, which was pretty good size for 2 bucks. The milkshake itself just tasted like plain soft serve ice-cream, but I honestly wasn't expecting much to begin with. Nothing special, nothing bad really.
I've been coming here almost twice a week just to get their milkshakes. For only less than $3 you get this awesome milkshake that will have no problem in satisfying you. It's so creamy and thick (which is a plus in my book). 

Service is also cute. Sonic is a drive in fast food place. You order on this machine by pressing a button and talking to an employee. Once you're done they bring out your order by skating over to you! Yes, the staff wears rollerblades. They give you the food and you pay. 

Sonic is pretty cheap when it comes to food as well, but I'll update my review once I've tried a variety of items.
Love it - love their happy hour - the limeades are awesome and the sweet potato and potato tots wonderful!
I don't know how you don't know how to make a simple burger right! I was on my way to work and wanted to stop and eat. and this isn't the 1st time ive been to this place and its the same thing. now this time the manger took care of me without a problem so I will give him that but man im not going back to this place for a while!
There are a lot less Sonic locations here than in Texas, but yet I never really find myself seeking them out now that we've moved here. I tend to like their commercials, and they have some decent discounts/specials: like right now it's summer shake season, with half off shakes after 8PM.

Went in today and got a peanut butter chocolate flavor for myself, with a chocolate java chiller for my guy. He also took the liberty of adding on a garlic parm hotdog on their new cheese bread dogs, and an order of their little-known "extreme tots"- chili cheese tots with ranch and jalapenos.

I'm not a huge fan of the food with this chain and this location didn't stand out from others. Tots are typically too salty for me, ordering them this way lessened the salt flavor. Hotdog, despite the special bun, did not have much flavor either, but the parm sauce on it was pretty interesting.
Shakes were thick and large- prices here seem higher than I'm used to though. PBC shake was better than the java chiller, but I'd like to see a coffee flavor on their shake menu in the future.

I like how the drive-up stands have credit card slots to pay after you order. Wish they could add on a feature to tip this way. I'm always baffled about how much/whether to tip someone to bring me my order, but here the drive-thru section gives you the option to go their instead of to a stand if you know you don't want to tip or don't have cash in addition to your card.
They have the best drinks.  I love the fresh fruits and amazing variety . And during happy hour not only are they half of they have .99$  corn dogs onion rings and mozzarella sticks!   

Great place to stop before a Long drive
I wasn't sure what to have for lunch today, and I remembered I was close to one of the only remaining Farm Baskets in Vegas.  I guess I mentioned it out loud and my co-worker Angie got all excited....

Angie : "OH MY GAWD Y'ALL!  Do you go there ( Farm Basket ) for Cluckeeto Tuesdays?!?"

Me :  "No Angie, what's that?"

Angie :  "Ya'll can git 3 Cluckeeto's for $2.  But they don't come with sour cream, just cheese."

That was all I needed to hear. Farm Basket was all over Vegas when I was a kid.  They were even inside Pizza Inn, but, alas Pizza Inn is gone too.  But, fortunately 2 Farm Basket locations survived over the decades.

Farm Basket is a true "fast food" treat.  Best known for the "Gobbler"  ( a piece of breaded fried turkey breast served on a long roll with cranberry sauce and Miracle Whip.....oh mama!)  and best known by me for their fantastic turkey fat fried and salted french fries.  (YUMMMY!!!)

So....I had a Gobbler, some French Fries, and a few Cluckeetos.  I'm full....MUST...TAKE....NAP!!! Zzzzzz. ( See that means I fell asleep.)
Bleah Ugh...puke Fast food. Ok so it's chicken...Mmmm But it's fast food chicken in a little hole in the wall place shaped like a barn. Uhm...ok farmers...get their chickens from chicken coops and yes...the occasional barn.  So I had the "gobbler" and a couple thighs from there. Ok turkey breast? Turkeys aren't that small...Chicken...Albertson's Fried Chicken was just as good if not better. But the snot nosed kid who tried to take my order and give me some small ass chicken just wasn't that bright. Ok ok yes Myke you're a jerk because at least he has a job and he's not stealing cars or in a gang...or better yet going door to door and selling giant candy.  So wanna know something special about this place that makes chicken worth coming back to...?  Ask Damon. Seriously. WHAT THE HELL IS a CLUCKEETO?
Farm Basket is one of those nostalgic treats I allow myself from time to time, but not too regularly.  The reason?  It's SO greasy.  And more than that, the grease is GOOD.  I don't know what they do to it or if I've just become acclimated to it over the years, but an order of fries from this place sends my taste buds tappin' but the rest of my gastrointestinal system into severe distress.  But man are they ever good.

The Gobbler is awesome.  A breaded turkey sandwich with Miracle Whip (hey, that's what they give you) and cranberry spread, it's just darn delicious.  The Clucketos are classics, and if you find yourself dipping into the Colonel's bucket too often, you should try some of their fried chicken on for size.  It'll win you over.

Plus, you get to drive through a barn.  That rules.
I actually really like this place. Alot of their stuff is greasy but if you aren't worried about dieting than this place is a good alternative to every other fast food joint out there. Their fries are really good. I love the great gobbler special. Never tried the cluckeetos, but i'll give that a try next time. Their chicken is also good to me. It's too bad they don't give free refills on drinks otherwise i'd give 5 stars. Greasy =great when it comes to this place.
Fatty delicious goodness! I'm so sad this is their last remaining location... it sucks how far this is from my house (or maybe it's for the best!). 

They have so-called "diet" fried chicken. Somehow they claim it's less fatty and less calorific because they pull off the skin THEN fry it. Hmmm.. I don't buy that this stuff is healthy, but damn it tasted awesome. Plus I loved how they let me get 2 legs unlike most fried chicken places that require you to get a leg/thigh combo. 

We also tried the cloqueetos (ok that doesn't look right, but it's spelled something like that!).. so they are basically just chicken taquitos with tons of cheese and lettuce and salsa. Delish, but they definitely could have used some sour cream. 

Mashed potatoes and gravy were heavenly. 

Biggest disappointment was the gross cold rolls that came out of a bag. Fried chicken places typically have YUMMY homemade rolls/bisquits.. SOMETHING... wtf is up with the crappy grocery store sh*t guys? Otherwise this place was greasy goodness.
Giblet gravy! Giblet gravy! Giblet gravy.  Yes they have it an it is yummy.  There chicken is very good for fast food but I wouldn't suggest anything else, although I did not have the turkey.  I recomend it, especially compared to all of the other crap in the fast food world.
+They have good brewed iced tea.
+The Gobbler is real turkey breast.
+Real giblet gravy.
+Friendly service.

-My turkey was overcooked & not juicy.
-Nothing was salty enough
-No drink refills

I wanted to love the place.  I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I'll be back.
Farm Basket used to have many locations around the Vegas Valley, but with the Tropicana location losing its lease, this is the only one left.

Farm Basket is, essentially, a drive-thru restaurant specializing in poultry products. They have been around for decades, and had several locations in the Valley - if you see some sort of establishment around town shaped like a small barn, chances are a Farm Basket once occupied that property.

The food itself is very good, and filling. The portions are a good size - so good, in fact, that I have to order off of the kids menu and it's STILL often too much food (and they have no problem if you order off of it, regardless of age.) 

The menu itself is quite diverse, featuring a variety of poultry products. Want straight-up chicken fingers and fries? They've got that. But if you want something a little more exotic, they also have the Gobbler, which features real turkey, and their signature Cluck-E-Tos, which are essentially taquitos with poultry instead of meat/beef.

The big complaint I have is that they only have one location left, and it is not in a great part of town. This remaining location is near the West Charleston campus of College of Southern Nevada, so unless you're in that area, expect a long, painful commute to get here. 

All thongs considered, Farm Basket is delicious, it's just a shame they don't have the variety of locations they once did. If you're in the neighborhood, swing on in, but don't go out of your way for it.
I absolutely love the fries at Farm Basket.  I think they are the best in town.  They are always hot, and I love the seasoned salt they sprinkle on top.  The Clucketoes are also super yummy!   And the rolls are to die for....you need to go just to eat the fries and rolls.
The last remaining Farm Basket in Las Vegas. SO SAD about that. FB is a unique but very delicious fast food shop that specalizes in chicken and turkey items. Best on their menu is the Great Gobbler sandwich, a deep fried half turkey breast sandwich with Miracle Whip.There's something so great about this! Perhaps that it's cooked to order and fresh helps. It could also be their delish fries (if they are cooked in turkey fat/oil it explains ALOT of why they are so great) that are served with a Lawry's seasoning salt. Simple, but oh-so good.

For me, it's on the other side town, but when i'm in the area, I have to get some. When this one closes, it will be a very sad day for me.
This was one of my favorite places to eat until I saw a roach climbing up the wall on Sunday. Now I'm not so sure.  But, I just realized I've been eating at this location for 15 years... Wow. 

Anyway, I have always loved Farm Basket. I always get the same thing - the Cluck 'e tos.  I love them smothered in hot sauce. Oh, and the chicken fingers are good too.
Best fried turkey sandwich ever!!!
This place is a good little fried chicken spot.  I went here on a sunday and it was packed.  I had the chicken strips and they weren't great but they were hot and fried fresh.  The fries were awesome.  I want to go back and try the regular fried chicken, it looked pretty good, i bet i will upgrade there rating after I try that.
Farm Basket is one of those great local fast food restaurants that you typically only see in Los Angeles. It's Las Vegas only as far as I know and a hidden gem. They serve up delicious chicken/turkey fast food dishes. My long time favorite has been the Cluckitos, tacquitos stuffed with seasoned chicken, covered with a generous helping of lettuce, salsa, and cheese. Their turkey sandwiches are delicious too, with a side of jelly for the "authentic" Thanksgiving experience. Finally the fries are deliciously crisp and sprinkled with a unique flavored salt. If you're looking for some great fast food in Vegas, make sure you pay a visit to Farm Basket.
I waited 15 minutes for a "Clucker."  Let me reemphasize that, I waited 15 minutes for a breaded, deep fried chicken patty that came with Miracle Whip and a side of cranberry jelly.  It wasn't even that good.  That's what I get for listening to a recommendation from a guy who thinks Japanese food is gross.  

I may go back to try the fried chicken.
I have been coming here since I was a little girl & I absolutely love this place!! Greasy chicken and gravy....definitely not diet food, but worth the extra time on the treadmill.
I like to review restaurants based mostly on their food quality. The decor isn't that important, service should be adequate, it should be clean and a have a working restroom which FB did not have. So I have to give Farm Basket 2 stars. We had chicken fingers, farm fries, regular fries, coleslaw, potato salad and fried chicken. The farm fries were the highight because how can you go wrong with gravy over fries. The rest of the food was average to below. The chicken fingers were, well I've had better frozen from the supermarket. The regular fries were crispy but greasy, time for an oil change maybe. The fried chicken was okay but nothing special. The sides were also okay but not worth the drive. A couple of pluses was the service was quick even on a busy Friday night and he staff was very friendly. Next time we want chicken fingers we'll head to our local bowling ally's snack bar.
Farm Basket is probably not the cleanest place in the world to eat. In fact, a few insects from inside the restaurant attached themselves to my wife as we were leaving. This place is a grimy and greasy!  My son's head smelled like fried chicken for the rest of the day.  That being said, I didn't want to wash his hair- because I liked it!

No joke, this place is great!   For lunch, I chose the 2 piece fried chicken meal (white meat) with mashed potatoes, gravy, and a delicious roll. The chicken was so juicy and seasoned perfectly. Translation - no salt or pepper needed, which is usually the first thing I do to fried chicken. I usually don't like using my hands to eat food, but I had no choice with this chicken. I felt like a fork and knife would have slowed down my eating process.  Instead, I shoved that chicken in my face and made all kinds of embarrassing animal noises until there was no meat left on 'dem bones. 

My wife opted for the cluck-e-tos, which were chicken taquitos with lettuce, cheese, and salsa. I was able to sneak a bit of these crunchy delights while keeping an eye on my chicken to make it wasn't going anywhere.  I have always associated taquitos with those frozen things that come in a 96-pack at Costco. This experience has made me a believer in this Americanized appetizer. The only thing that would make these better would be guacamole. (I'll trade the lettuce in for guacamole any day)

My kids tried the chicken fingers which I rank third on the list of menu items. The chicken wasn't nearly as tender as the fried chicken, and was not anything special to yelp about.  Oh, I almost forgot to mention those incredible French fries. These thin cut fries were cooked perfectly, and had just the right amount of seasoning. In fact, next time I will sub out the mashed potatoes for the fries instead. 

The staff was super friendly, and the food came out really fast. However, the dining area is small, and is not wheelchair accessible. All 6 of us were crammed into the back corner trying our best to not kick each other under the table.  But, with food this good - I can put up with it.  I won't go anywhere else for chicken--EVER!
Get a turkey steak dinner with fries instead of coleslaw. Cluckers are also amazing, gobblers are amazing. Get them with an individual side of gravy and dip your sandwiches. Diet skinny chicken is also 30% less fat and cholesterol if you're watching your weight.  Ive been eating it since the womb it will never get old.
I do not have nostalgic memories to inflate my rating of this business, being that I neither 'grew up' on Farm Basket (I imagine I would not be as strong and healthy if I had) nor even ever heard of them in any way before stepping in to the lone remaining area establishment on account of needing calories FAST. 

PRO: The calories are indeed delivered to you fast. Seriously no more than two minutes after stepping through the open doorway I had my food in a tiny white bag -- seeping grease from it in various spots -- in my hand and on my way. 

CON: The food provided was grossly over*priced as well as fairly unimpressive. If you are going to charge Chick-Fil-A or Raising Cane's prices, I expect it to be close to the same quality (minus the unabashed homophobia and Jesus music playing in the case of CFA).

PRO: They are a non-chain business (?) in a world of chains galore. 

CON: They won't be an any-type of business if they keep salting their fries so heavily that they will single-handedly kill all of their loyal clientele. My blood pressure might have tripled succeeding eating my small fries, which had more salt on them than I have had in months, combined.

Conclusion: Their tagline is "We're Carried Away With Quality"; the truth is that they are carried away with their use of salt. Do not recommend unless you are suffering from dilutional hyponatremia. - E
You can only get it in Vegas, and there's only one left in the whole city! I remember getting Cluck e' tos when I was knee high to a grass hopper. Two for one on Thursdays is one of the best deals around. Don't forget your side of gravey, hahaa! I put that sh** on everything. Worth the drive through the drive thru after a night of drinking, for sure. The Gobbler is just as amazing to me as Capriotti's Bobbie, but the Gobbler is deep fried! The Clucker is delicious, too. I'm glad I ate my Cluck e' tos before reviewing, or I'd be in a sad state!!! Even heard a kid talking to his coworkers, at K Mart today, asking them if they ever had been. Of course, I had to say something, while walking by. I heard them say they'd go on the lunch break. Too cute. I love my Farm Basket! Only in Vegas, and one of the last of the Vegas Originals.
Classic fast food restaurant in Las Vegas for decades.  It has survived for several reasons.  More of a 4.5, than a 5.  The Clucker and Gobbler are their signature items in my opinion
(My favorite the Clucker).  However, there are other various good menu items.
THIS PLACE IS A CRIME!
Ate here many times as a kid. The store in my neighborhood went under and the one on Tropicana did too. So after 10 years, I drove past the one on W. Charleston and decided to rekindle an old love affair.
Not!!!
The place is a pigsty for one, I mean just filthy! I almost drove away just waiting for my food and I had already paid for the swill they eventually served me.
My Cluckeetos were vile, the Clucker sandwich was a $9 joke. The chicken itself was half the size that it used to be! It literally was the same size as that Snacker sandwich from KFC except it cost...$8 LESS! I kid you not, this sandwich is criminally small and the sad part was it tasted TERRIBLE!
The fries tasted like they were recycled from another order and refried.
I tried to complain but they told me over the phone that my complain was not warranted. 
I wrote a letter to the owner who never responded.

I recommend that you EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK!
I only wish the one the Trop. never left us. The Great Gobbler and the Cluckitos are still as good as I remember them.
Had Chicken Fingers with Fries. I felt like I was eating grease on grease on grease. I should've went to Raising Canes, end of story.
So these guys have been here forever I heard. After coming here, WHY is my question.

First of all, I was looking for a chicken combo meal. You know, a couple pieces of chicken, fries, and a drink. Let's see.......you can have a sandwich combo, a chicken finger combo, and a clucketo combo. They have a chicken combo but it does not come with a drink. That's not really a combo dude! 

So after looking around the place, I noticed everybody that was eating didn't have any actual chicken on their plates. All I saw were chicken fingers, sandwiches, and clucketos (chicken taquitos). As if that wasn't enough of  a clue that the chicken wasn't good. 

So I opted for the Gobbler Combo, which is a turkey sandwich. The turkey itself is a breaded patty and deep fried. They give you a small package of mayo to flavor it, which I thought sorely needed it. The fries it came with were dry and covered with a lot of salt. Sadly, it could not save those poor potato sticks. 

After forcing myself to eat the turkey sandwich, against my better judgement, I actually wanted to try their chicken so I got a leg and a wing. Might as well have been a piece of rubber and styrofoam. 

Service was mysteriously fast. After further observation, it looks like they cook everything in advance and put it under warmers. I know this because not one second has passed since I hand over my debit card, they have one of the cooks handing me the two pieces of cardboard......err I mean chicken in a bag. I literally saw him pulling the chicken out of the warmer. 

So after taking a bite which should have been a nibble, I was afraid it was gonna bite me back. I would not give this stuff to a starving homeless person. That would be considered an insult. 

So to the reader, please, PLEASE DO NOT EAT HERE. To the owner, since you have been there forever, I assume you got nothing to worry about since you got some people to actually come back and eat here.
The Clucke 'tos rolled chicken tacos w/cheese, lettuce and salsa. Two for one on Sundays. The fries are yummy and both the gobbler turkey and the clucker chicken sandwiches very different and tasty. My family has been going here since the late 70's and a favorite fast food place for my dear Dad who is with the Lord. Here's to you Dad!
Farm Basket? After eating here I thought I was headed towards a warm casket.

The fried chicken in the "family fried chicken dinner" I had was absolutely fried a day (or days) earlier and then thrown in the microwave. I've made the mistake of reheating leftover fried chicken in the microwave before and this was a reheat job. Never have I had such a thick, soggy coat of breading on a piece of fried chicken that slid off in a greasy mess in one wet disgusting piece. Thick and soggy...and tasteless! -And for comic relief, inside the meat was dry. Just the worst piece of fried chicken I ever had. I dare you to find an elementary school cafeteria that could produce worse. Even my girlfriend agreed, "wow, this is bad".

To elaborate on the rest of the meal...

The rolls were not fresh
The cole slaw was dry and tasteless
The fries were INSANELY over-salted

...and I've had better mashed potatoes lunchtime at a Chinese buffet.

I really hoped I could go far on yelp without tossing out a one-star rating (as I have a soft spot for business owners) but to be this out of touch with what you are handing out across the counter is ridiculous.

I might eat at a fried chicken joint twice a year, but with options such as Popeye's, KFC and Church's everywhere...how anyone can justify coming here is beyond me. 

I would love to dine with someone who gave this place 3 or more stars just to see how they could possibly feign a compliment on any level.
I love Farm Basket. I don't eat meat, just chicken. I love their chicken tenders. I usually get a finger meal deal. The chicken has a taste that no other restaurant has. I love it. Their ranch is good too. I think the fries are fried in something more than just regular oil, because they taste very salty but delicious at the same time. You get a pretty good amount of food for what you pay, and it's yummy, at least to me.

I've given it 4 stars instead of 5 because of a couple reasons. One, there's no restroom inside. Two, there is a lady who works there that has zero clue what she's doing. My friend asked for hot sauce for his dipping sauce and she said they only have ranch, buffalo, etc not hot sauce. Buffalo is hot sauce, lady. She also then swiped my friend's card wrong and told us that my friend's card was being denied. He told her that she must have swiped it wrong, because he's used it that same day with no issues and there's money on it. She told him no, that there was no money on it and that the machine will not accept the card. He didn't have any cash on him so I took my wallet out. Not a fan.

It is a small place. The tables are pretty small. There's only about 6 booths, also some outside seating. Food comes out really fast, though, and in my opinion, is a great meal to have on a cheat day. ;)
Love it!!!!
I wanted to see what my friend was hyping about. It's near my school campus so I went there for lunch. I ordered the finger meal. The meal was decent, probably for my comparison to raising canes (canes wins). I know it's been here in Las Vegas for decades so you can tell the place is an old establishment. I went through the drive thru and there's no drive thru intercom, service was still sufficient. The drive thru menu needs an update as one of the menu pages were not aligned properly. The menu selection is very simple and do family size chicken. Try it out if it temps you. Farm Basket will still be there.
Farm Basket is one of those jewels that you have to uncover from the earth, clean and wash, then chisel and shape to get the desired gem. The guys at work kept talking about how great this place was and when I finally tried it I was disappointed at how I got a smooshed bun wrapped around a KFC original piece-looking chic-fil-a. The fries were heavily seasoned but looked like someone cooked them ahead of time and with a STRONG hand grabbed them, then through it in the bag. I made fun of the guys for liking such a terrible place. I sat and thought. ...what would make this taste better? Hmmmm, throw away that complementary cranberry sauce, add mustard to the mayo, lettuce, tomato,  onions, a sturdy Togo container and WAHLAH! A whole new sandwich. I couldn't believe I was eating from the same place! I enjoyed my new Farm Basket upgrade.
I love Farm Basket! They seriously have the best fast food fried chicken. I tried this place about a year ago because I had a groupon and I keep coming back. I usually get the fried chicken dinner with roles, mashed potatoes, and French fries but today when we went through the drive thru. I ordered the chicken fingers meal. Omg it was amazing! Crispy chicken strips, juicy not greasy and it was all white meat chicken. The honey mustard sauce was awesome as well. I also ordered for the first time there cheesy fries. They were so good I didn't want to share! Shoe string French fries with gravy and cheese. I was in carb heaven! And I'm usually not a gravy person. This place is amazing I would recommend to go here when you're having a craving for fried chicken.
Farm basket is a place I rarely visit but today after work I wanted chicken fingers and I am lazy and they have a drive thru lol. So I ordered the finger meal deal which is 4 chicken fingers, small fries, one sauce and a drink. Total with tax is like $8 something. 

I asked for the chicken to be well done. It was not. I got Ranch for my dipping sauce but added honey mustard and hot sauce as well (which btw they charge for) and they were all horrible. The ranch was super watery as well as the hot sauce and the honey mustard was this lumpy yellow goo. Gross. I don't plan on returning and if you haven't been there save yourself a trip and don't go.
This place is small and seems to get busy during the lunch hour. I got a 5 finger combo which was more food than I could finish and it was like a ghetto Cane's lol. You get a ton of food here for cheap as long as you don't mind eating in a tiny little shack. I would come back here because the fingers were nice and juicy although the fries were meh. They also have a drive thru.
Wow how things change!  I haven't been to farm basket in a year or two. And guess what? I won't be going back for another one or two years if/then. Greasy fingers!  So unappetizing I couldn't finish my lunch.  It's not worth the trip. Go some place else.
Love farm basket. They have the best chicken ever. Its very moist an good. I love the clucketos as well. With the cheese an lettuce an yoir choice of salsa it's great. Great mashed potatoes and gravy as well as the swwwt butter rolls. Its always a great quick dinner that you can kust drive thru an get. An tbe prices are well worth it.
I love panda Express great fast food and Ice tea.....Just make sure you get it fresh.
This is my favorite Panda express. While it is a chain, all Panda Express locations are not created equal. They make sure everything is always fresh. A few times I go there and order something that looks less than fresh, and they always take my order, throw out the non-fresh item I just ordered and make it right then. It may take a few moments, but I never have to ask them to make a fresher batch, they can see as well as I can, and I like that.
I eat here often..... The food is always fresh and it's close to my house.... Getting a little pricey but still worth it.
PUT UP SOME GOOD WINDOW SHADES!  Brutal sun exposure at sunset a.k.a. dinner time.  The food was decent.
Went here for lunch. Got white rice and orange chicken. The rice was undercooked and crunchy. The orange chicken tasted like chicken nuggets. Pretty sure they forgot the orange sauce. Chicken was also a little over cooked and pretty dry. Also... what Panda or any Chinese food place DOES NOT have chop sticks?!?!?!
the BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever had at a fast-food restaurant.

I arrived at 8:45pm and the place was packed.  3 employees on the line and 3 cooking.  You could tell they were working hard to get everyone served quickly.

I ordered egg rolls with my meal, and they had just sold out.  It happens.  He asked me if I minded waiting for a fresh batch, and I told him it was no problem.  Well, it did take a while for them to be ready...to the point that most people might have started getting mad.  But, here's why I was impressed:

#1.  I have no idea who the manager was.  Everyone was on their game to get it done and you could tell that they genuinely cared.

#2.  While I was waiting, they apologized and I knew they meant it.  Two of them asked how my day was.

#3.  I was offered a cup to get something to drink while I waited (I hadn't ordered a drink).

#4.  When I left, he said:  "I'd like to offer you a coupon for the next time you come in.  Since you had to wait as long as you did."  It was an unexpected but nice touch.

In times that it's so easy to get pissed off about things that are beyond anyone's control, it's great to see that people actually care about serving customers.
Rude *** people when you call them on the phone. Took at least 10 rings before anyone answered and I received a very rude "hello?" then she realized she had to do the "thank you for calling panda express" bit. Hung up promptly, will not order from this place ever again.
The service started great with a warm and inviting greeting, proper smile, and genuine thank you. I ordered the orange chicken with steamed brown rice.  The food was good. I was extremely impressed with the level of cleanliness in this location. The floors, including the tile grout were deep cleaned and I was impressed.

The overall cleanliness was awesome, and something that I pay close attention to while eating out. 

This is now  my goto eatery!
Panda Express is one of my favorite fast food option if you are looking for asian cuisine in a hurry. The employees at this particular location are friendly, quick, and attentive to my quirky style of ordering. I always get the two plate entree with a mix of rice and chow mien finished off with their delicious orange chicken and teriyaki chicken. if you are looking for a quick bite and not really feeling the mikey D's route I would recommend panda express. its amazing.
No milk for the coffee. Only cream. No wonder everyone is fat. Get my coffee, and it's half full. Awesome. 

All in all, all Micky D's in Vegas suck.

On a side note, the new oatmeal is pretty damn good.
HOW SAD! If you yelpers don't give Mcdonalds 5 stars you are on crack this place is Gods gift to the world! Long live the Big Mac!
I love McDonald's... Duh but I'm eating my mcchicken and the bun is hard which usually happens after 9pm anyways! Oh well I also ordered Big Mac and 20 pc. Chicken nugget... When we got to the window I asked for various sauces including an "Asian sauce" but the guy at the window took total offense and copped an attitude with me. He asked if I meant sweet chili sauce?? I felt like I may have upset him for some reason (but we are all ppl and I wouldn't have been insulted if he asked me for white sauce!! LoL) so I said sorry and that I meant the Kung pao sauce. But he said that didn't exist and was a dick! I'm glad I didn't ask for gay sauce. Ha! Dude come on. Ppl r ppl. It is what it is!!
This place is infamous for having a rude cashier and not having things in stock. Complaints to management here go on deaf ears. I go out of my way to go to the one on Durango cause of so many bad experiences here- this location really gives the brand a bad name!
I'm drunk, I come here and order a hot and spicy ( sub The mannaise  with Mac sauce) and 2 breakfast burritos. Tell me why I didn't get any hot and spicy??? What the fudge???
1st to review, baby!  Although this Panda Express I believe has been here for quite a long time.  It has been anyway since I moved into the neighborhood several years back.  This particular Panda Express is the one I usually hit up when I have that guilty craving of Americanized 'Chinese' food.  It hits a pretty good spot.  And how can you resist that cute A$$ panda bear??  Marketing at it's finest I tell you.  No longer do I think pandas and bamboo...I see a panda, I think ORANGE CHICKEN!  Sick, so sick.  I guarantee you kids now a days will grow up thinking that all pandas eat at Panda Express, and will be sadly let down when they find out pandas eat fiber.  All day long.  What's next?  Penguins that have happy feet?  Hmm...sounds oddly familiar.

This place is usually very clean, and most of the time the food is pretty fresh from the wok.  I usually try to hit this place right around lunchtime because almost everything is just coming out piping hot instead of sitting under warmers.  I know most of you have been here before so I won't bore you of how it works with the line or your ordering options.  

My go-to Panda meal (always in a to-go box because I firmly believe you get just a tiny bit more food) - 1/2 fried rice, 1/2 chow mein, beef & broccoli or string beans with chicken, sweetfire chicken or sweet & sour pork, and always (ALWAYS) orange chicken in a separate container.  I like it in a separate container because I don't like it to mix with the rest of my food!  Plus, if they put it in the same container with your other choices I notice you get a little less.  Funny, I don't remember a time when I've been to a Panda Express and never got the orange chicken.  Lately I've been on a Kobari Beef kick with them, one of their new dishes.  Marinated beef with wok-seared peppers, mushrooms, and leeks, all tossed in a sweet, smoky, spicy sauce.  Not too shabby!  I would make this at home if I had a burner that could reach the BTUs Panda Express has.  It's so good! 

Of course you always have the option of their other popular items like mandarin chicken, mushroom chicken, kung pao chicken, Beijing beef, Mongolian beef, as well as their shrimp dishes, crab rangoon (so easy to make it's ridiculous), potstickers, and soups.

For a 3 entree meal with a drink for under $10 it's a pretty good deal if you're in a hurry.  I stop here a lot when my lady and I can't decide where to eat for cheap.  I come to this particular Panda Express because literally 3 doors down (ha ha) is a Subway.  I love me some Subway $5 foot longs!  So my lady and I usually will end up sharing a 3 entree meal from Panda and a foot long from Subway.  When I say share, I mean I eat half the foot long ALONG with sharing the 3 entree meal.  Gotta get my veggies in somehow!  It's funny how a meatball marinara sub goes so well with greasy chow mein.  Match made in culinary heaven!
Shanghai Angus Steak ROCK!
Finally reviewing this place after five or so visits. 

I don't know what they do but their orange chicken is ridiculously good. I just can't say no and it's the only orange chicken my toddler will touch. That says something, considering she's a super picky eater. 

Love the green beans but I wish there was less chicken and more green beans. Give up the veggies you whores! J/k 

Glad they've added more seafood options, aka shrimp.. they're delicious. Never fishy, more sweet, salty tangy fatty goodness. I've always believed they have a secret ingredient. Favorites being crispy shrimp, and orange shrimp. Boom baby, the sauces are the key. I've boughten the sauces and cooked it in my shrimp or chicken at home and it's just as good as panda. Especially if your looking for a cheap or healthier alternative then eating Panda Express a lot. 

Love the veggies egg rolls. Mine never come out like that at home, so I have to buy them. They practically throw them in my face and scream at them to bite them.

The decor is cute, the panda is adorable, and I love seeing all those fresh ingredients chopped up and in plain view next to the kitchen Near the glass slider. No secrets. 

Got to ask for chop sticks, they aren't for grabs cause of those sticky rice handed thieves.
Americanized-Chinese fast food buffet style.

Upon walking in, the two cashiers just kind of stared at my girlfriend and I for a couple seconds and then went back to their conversation. When they were done one of them came over to put our orders together. I went with the fried rice with orange chicken and the walnut shrimp because eating things that live on land with things that live in the sea strangely brings me great satisfaction. We grabbed a large drink to split and I was amazed at how big the cup was. It almost looked like one of those giant big gulps from 7-11! The food was exactly the same as all of the other times I had frequented a Panda Express, so I always know what to expect when I come to one of their locations.
Good food, fast and pretty decent price.
Definitely love Jack in the Crack because its not to expensive., The Food and Shakes are made fresh. The desserts are tasty and they let you add stuff to your order at the menu without frowning. And if SOMEONE steals your cherry on your Strawberry SHAKE they will give you another one LOL.
cant go wrong with breakfast at lunch time! or breakfast any time!! sausage crossiant with mayo please( the mayo is actually mayoonion.)
This review is only for the one in Rainbow and Blue Diamond of SouthWest Vegas.  I go here because it's one of the few Mcdees thats open 24hrs.  Menu and taste is the same as the other Mcdees around town.  Would have gotten one more star if they served breakfast before 5am because I went at 4:40am and they were just doing the lunch menu still. They denied me of a good warm hearty breakfast and had to settle for an unhealthy BIG MAC combo with a coke.
This McDonald's is connected to the Terrible's convenience store/gas station and not particularly one of my favorites.

It's convenient when you're driving down Blue Diamond from the west, but I think the staff could use some training in the customer service end from the other McDonald's nearby.

The last time we ate there, we watched (and listened) as one of the staff members hollered from the dining area to the kitchen.  Apparently she was on break (and eating) and still wanted to maintain her conversation with her colleagues, so she continued it by screaming across the dining room and they, in turn, hollered back.  Very professional group here.

I'm sure all the other customers enjoyed the show as well.
The Drive Thru sucks. I mean the food comes out quickly. And Whether ordering inside or in your car you get it fast. A plus being you can hit the convenience store and get gas or snacks. But literally the drive thru dumps you at the entrance and exit on Rainbow blvd and its hard to get out. And if you come in the wrong way, you have to flip a u turn to get into the drive thru. To late for them to redo it now. I guess when im on that side of town, ill venture inside from now on.
This is a prime location for residents of Mountains Edge sitting on such a busy corner.  The fries here are always tasteless and soggy, they are slow to move the drive through along and parking is difficult based on the building configuration.  If I feel like grabbing a #2 value meal I much rather travel to the McDonalds 4 miles North on Rainbow.
OK. so.  When we first moved here..... We had a bunch of friends visit and come stay at our brand new house back in 2008?  I don't remember... a while back.  But this joint was still fairly new.  We came here on the way to the airport to drop off our weekend guests at the McCarran for a quick bite to eat.  

[Keep in mind that this is during the summertime]

So we go in.. and there are flies.  FLIES.  all over the place.  I'm weirded out and the employees are acting like nothings wrong.  I'm not sure what to do at this point and I've suddenly lost my appetite.  So I approach the counter and I ask... what's going on?  And the young man at the counter was at a loss and kinda giving me the "get out of here" look.  So, I made a judgement call and decided that we needed to get out of there.  

I'm not talking about 1 or 2 flies that the auto door can bring in.  It was like walking through a wall. 

O_O  


Next.... I should say that I have been back.  BUT. . .  years later and not after I put in a call to let the proper people know that there was a HUGE problem.

... it's not always the cleanest either. 

I haven't encountered that problem since.... but, still not the first one I'd go to though it IS RIGHT there.
ahhhhh just got home after getting drive thru at this location. i really considered turning around and going back but gave up on the thought. I ordered a spicy chicken sandwich with no mayo and a medium fry with a side of BBQ sauce. 

heres what i got

a spicy chicken sandwich with tons of mayo and a broken bun because of all the disgusting white shit everywhere. 
a medium fry that was literally half full, honestly me saying it was half full was exaggerating, it was about a third full. 
and guess what no BBQ sauce BUT an open ketchup packet that got everywhere. 

BRAVO... BRAVO. and this is why i rarely eat fast food.
Its a McDonald's attached to a gas station so you cant expect much. Food was ok as you cant screw that up to bad at a franchise restaurant. 

You do have to put up with the horrible parking lot/ gas station traffic if you park and go in the dinning room is loud/small with tons of little kids running around (no playground for the kids and the parents seem to let them run wild)

Napkins are by the register not by the the straws or the soda machine so make sure you grab a few when you pay for your meal or you will have to push your way to the front to get them afterwards. 

There are other McDonalds near by and you are better off visiting one of them.
A first for the gf and I - a visit to McDonald's !  Surprisingly, out of the blue, the gf was recovering from the flu and said she was craving McDonald's french fries.  Before i could get out the door to make a Mickie-D run the gf yells out asking for a filet of fish, " anything else ? " , she calls out for a chocolate shake, too.  Yep, I guess she's feeling better !

So i order:

Large Fries - $2.09
Chocolate Shake - $2.79
Filet of Fish - $3.79
20 piece chicken nuggets - $4.99
Diet coke - $1.00

My first thought - dang, Mickie d's ain't all that cheap, $3.79 for a filet of fish ?!  Seems high to me.

The taste ?  Holy cow - some of the worst food we've had in a very long time !  My guess is the nuggets were sitting out for several hours - we ate 4 of them and stopped.  The fries were limpy, wimpy, limpy.  The filet of fish was ok at best.  Shake was ok.  

This is a reminder why the only reason i hit McDonald's is for a soda - best value and basically a safe bet !
I have to tell you it's been 2 years since I've been at a McDonalds and all I got was a Coffee Frap, it was gross, felt greasy in my mouth...like their food. Which I haven't eaten in probably 4 years and regretted it then. It's so gross!
Haven't had a Shamrock Shake in years...it's that time of year and wanted to give it a shot. Used the drive thru, there was hardly a wait. Staff was pleasant but the stench of moth balls was unbearable when they opened the drive up window. Yuk! Thankfully the shake didn't taste like the smell of the store. Not really minty, it was okay, nothing special. I'm over the Shamrock shake. 
Lets see how long it'll be this time till I make it to another McDonalds.
This location is part of a gas station and has not been updated in years. The food is alright but there are always flies flying around in the dinning room which is pretty unappetizing to say the least. You would think someone there would have noticed by now as I have seen the flies on several occasions.
This isn't even a legitimate McDonald's... It's a gas station McDonald's!

I've been to this location twice. Once to meet up a stranger off Craigslist and once to try and redeem my Big Mac LivingSocial coupon. The place is clean, but the location attracts some of the local bums in the area. The smell of urine is simply unappealing. I also tried to redeem my LivingSocial coupon. They wouldn't accept it, because they couldn't find a button on the menu for it. Lame. 

 A little about my credentials:
I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
After being opened only a couple of days, this is the newest McDonald's to open in the Las Vegas valley. In a few days there will be another McDonald's opening a few miles west at Blue Diamond and Durango.

  I just happened to have caught this McDonald's act on the way back from hiking. The Blue Diamond Road landscape seems to change every week. New to the landscape is the old familiar Golden Arches sign. After hiking for six hours I was exhausted and needed a snack.

  Lately my opinion of McDonald's is that it does a better job of filling the void for a light meal, snack, Frape Mocha, or coffee if a coffee shop is not around. To temporarily hold over my appetite and enjoy a beverage besides water that I had been drinking all the day on the hike, I ordered the $1 large Coke and $1 hot & spicy.

  Being a new McDonalds this location is modern and for now immacuately clean. First off it is a nice first impression when a McDonald's is not part of a gas station, like the one down the road at Blue Diamond and Rainbow. I entered through modern electric sliding doors. There were two managers, and I got a nice greeting. The workers were on top of their game. There were plenty of booths to choose from. The interior is more contemporary than McDonald Land. The McDonald Playland is nonexistent. What does exist is a chandelier and a more elegant lobby. They did not go modern to the point of some restaurants that feature the super Coke machines with a 100 plus flavors. The typical Coke flavors they had were not flat.

 McDonald's may not be 4 star dining. However, when I just want a snack to fill me up or a Frape Caramel; McDonald's gets the job done. 

The Daniel. S Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 88.
A shiny, bronzed group of Chicken McNuggets with formed pretend-tatoes in a 4-color box served by a high-school student or college intern and a toy to boot?? From the drive-thru even? Where can I  pay money?? I  want to pay real money for this! And afterward, I  want to gas up my car, yup! Then I  want to play bad vintage top 40 music blasting on my factory car radio system "I  wanna be a cowboy. And you can be my cowgirl."

I  showed up at 430am looking for a quarter pounder and they were only serving breakfast, even though the sign says differently. Another time I  showed up at 1030am and tried to order breakfast and they stopped serving breakfast.

I  really think this Mickey D's is cray cray adorbs. 4 r e al z.
This place is very hit and miss to me come on it's McDonald's not a five-star restaurant I  understand but classic whoever's working determines on quality of food or them to get your order correct
At 3 a.m. for some reason buying more food than I can eat for under $4 is a good thing.  In the realm of late night eating Taco Bell earns it's three stars for taking credit cards, having armed guards, and coining the euphemism that is "fourthmeal."
See death walking in ... feel like it walking out. 

I'm not ashamed to admit that Taco Bell is a fast food guilty pleasure; I am too ashamed to admit what I order ($10.00 barely covers it -- I may chuckle -- but my arteries are suffocating). 

This Taco Bell has a about the seediest spot on State Street (next to a hobo community, but fortunately has a cop car sitting in the area most of the time). Beans faux Tex-Mex seasonings cannot overwhelm the bathroom cents of vagrants passing in/out of the restroom area. Outside of the potential danger of random hobo fights and shootings, this location has a lot of features.

There are a couple flat screen TVs with ESPN on constant rotation (of at least one). The service is especially friendly and really are sincere about their hospitality and getting the best mix of five or so ingredients to scarf as soon as possible. Condiments have always been well-stocked and I never walked away disappointed in the ratio of be ens and ground beef to lettuce on my double deckers.
The Taco Bell on State St recently took the unusual step of closing for a month for renovations to incorporate a KFC into the same location. The new Taco Bell/KFC (or, as I've semi-affectionately dubbed it, "Taco Cock") is a very different beast from the familiar old Taco Bell; they completely gutted the place and put in all new furniture and decor in a completely new arrangement, and repainted the white walls a sort of dark red. The chairs features a bell-shaped cut-out, and the walls are plastered with pictures of the Colonel. 

This isn't two separate restaurants sharing seating space, either; there's just one counter to order at, and you can get any combination of burritos, tacos and fried chicken you want. My fiance and I usually order the half-pound beef & potato burrito at Taco Bell (cheap, filling, and about as close to healthy as you can get at a place like this), and on our most recent trip we supplemented it with an order of popcorn chicken with one of each dipping sauce (honey mustard, honey bbq, sweet & sour, and ranch -- all good, but we liked the honey mustard and ranch the best). The burritos were still the same as ever, and the chicken was surprisingly tasty -- so much so, in fact, that we went back for a second order.

Added bonus, "Taco Cock" is open 'til 3am, so if it's late at night and you don't have enough cash for Qdoba, or you want a burrito but your SO has his/her heart set on artery-clogging chicken, this is the place to go.
Closing down for several months to add a kfc to a taco bell that is doing a perfectly fine business and then revising your hours so that you are not open as late doesn't impress me.
There are homeless people everywhere in here.

Other than that, this is Taco Bell and you know the drill.
I don't normally review chain places anymore but I'll say this -- this Taco Bell isn't that good as far as Taco Bells go. I don't know why but some ingredients -- especially anything with rice -- tastes awful. I don't know if the Taco Bell/KFC's use a different ingredient base but I can't believe how bad things like the Cheesy Bean and Rice burrito taste. Other than that, it's Taco Bell..what's to say?
This is THE best Chinese restaurants I have ever eaten at in Madison, probably EVER.  It used to be on campus on University Ave but I just rediscovered it at the Hilldale Mall recently and I've been there 3x in the past week!  The food there is delicious.  MUST try the calarami (4.95), pot stickers (3.95), wonton soup (1.95), beef stew (6.95), in fact, EVERYTHING is a bite to die for.  It's pretty great Chinese food, I eat and eat but leave not feeling how I usually do after I eat greasy, fatty Chinese food.  Unfortunately, they don't deliver, but if they did I would be in heaven!  I do love their new spot in the mall--you can tell business has been gooooood!
I miss Hong Kong Wok. It's been almost 20 years, so I don't know if this is the same place that use to be on campus on University Avenue in the food court.  Everything is decent to good here.

Sometimes my friends I would order the Chicken Fried Rice just to hear the elderly women who announced completed orders at the top of her lungs, "Cheeee-cken Frieeeed Lice!!"  Her voice would echo through the food court.

Also one time my friend, Bob, ate like 5 dishes in one sitting... I think it was 4 but 5 sounds more impressive.
The best Chinese food ever!
I took off one star for 2 reasons:
1) The mall location does not make for a very cozy or intimate setting
2) The lady at the counter is pretty obnoxious ....no smiles...only glares....rude at times....but i guess that's just a part of eating Chinese food!

In short, definitely go here for the food....not the service!
Eh.  Very big eh.  

We've been here twice.  I've had the chicken with black bean sauce, and the mushroom chicken.  Both were your average americanized chinese slop.  Not that I don't enjoy that, or think there's good or bad in that genre (heck, I grew up on that shit, and when it's good, it's pretty frickin good), but this wasn't very good.  The lady had a curry chicken, and it was that same yellow curry chicken you get anywhere else.  

Not bad if you think 6 or 7 dollars for a very satisfying portion of chicken and rice is good for lunch.  I'm cheap, so I don't.  But that's just me.  

As far as the proprietress being rude?  Didn't notice anything like that either time.
Damn it, I just came from Hong Kong last week and I have to say, the food at HK Wok is even better than the food in HK!!! No joke. Everything is so delicious!! My favs are the beef and egg on rice, BBQ pork noodles, and calamari. I should have more favs, but then everytime I go I can't resist the beef and egg on rice dish................... mmmm delicious.

On a sidenote, I love the mall location. It's clean and tidy, and it's right by Macy's and Anthropologie!! :D
Hong Kong Wok is good.  I went here for Sunday congee with fresh sliced beef and it was super good.  The beef was extra tender and there was a right amount of ginger.  I put some chili oil in it for hotness and it tasted even better.   I also tried the fried potstickers filled with a chicken or pork ground meat like matter and cabbage, which I liked but felt like their oil could have been cleaner.  The fried Chinese bread is like a savory donut.  Yum.  

In fact, I went here for dinner the same day.  I ordered the Mongolian beef and sesame chicken.  Again, the beef was tender and delicious but the chicken was a bit dry.  It came with a lot of sauce which tasted  yummy.  

Prices are right.  $1-10.

My only real complaint is the MSG lacing.  After getting up, I felt numb and almost orgasmic.  I was definitely full and satisfied, but I also felt like I had to sit down and take a minute to recover from the rush of pleasure.  Mmm... definitely returning.
The positive reviews for this place are entirely misleading.  This is in no way authentic Chinese food.  The only thing authentic about the food is how authentically terrible it is.

My girlfriend had some merely adequate noodles from this place that hinted at decent food, but a subsequent visit revealed this as illusory.  We had a chicken dish that could be described as chicken nuggets in a gravy.  This gravy, despite being advertised as spicy, had no flavor, not even a generic spicy flavor.  We also had another noodle dish that was not just underseasoned, but not seasoned at all.  Even the mushrooms had no flavor and mushrooms are notoriously flavorful.  We ended up pouring soy sauce on it to give it some semblance of flavor.

Perhaps we just ordered the worst things on their enormous menu, but to even offer such offal reflects badly on an establishment.  If this is the best Chinese in Madison I am going to have to move.
Just like Hongkong Wok, I'll make this review straight forward, no BS needed.
Straight forward, cheap, free parking, and delicious and comforting! One of the two most authentic Chinese restaurants beside Fugu (authentic is the keyword here). I won't dare to compare it to the real HK foods in HK, but it's so good for Midwest standard. That's all I have to say about HK Wok.. I love the noodle soup with beef stew, salt and pepper pork chop on rice, beef with scrambled egg on rice are the musts. On weekends, we loved to go there in the morning for the dimsum (yeah, the only dimsum place in Madison) for the tripe, pork congee, chicken feet, fried chinese donut, chow mien, and soy milk. 
Don't expect a good service here, which gives the more authentic feeling. Seriously, if you've been to HK, you'll know that bad service is part of the culture there..
Family owned restaurant located in Hilldale Mall. As far as Chinese restaurants go, Hong Kong Wok is above average in quality and affordability - there's always plenty of food to eat for the price. 

The food is made to order, so it's always hot and fresh, and very authentic, with freshly made soy bean milk available everyday and congee on Sundays. 

It's a must-frequent place every time I visit home.
super americanized chinese food. maybe I ordered the wrong thing (see pic)
Best Chinese food in Madison  by far. Friendly staff and quick service!  They carry a wide selection of both traditional Chinese food and American Chinese food.
Generally pretty good.  As takeout Chinese places go, the food is decently seasoned, not oversalted or oversauced,  and reasonably fresh.  A few items on the menu lean towards the greasy - the chicken and blackbean hofun noodles, for example, are difficult enough to eat without being over-lubricated with cooking oil.  The soups are slightly bland - while the idea of a soup with dumplings and fish balls is a solid one, the broth is bit on the weak side.

However, there are a few less-standard menu items worth trying - the "lemongrass pork chop", while not strictly traditional, is moist and tender and full of good lemongrass flavor.  The weekend congee menu is also the real deal - it's homestyle enough that it attracts a large crowd of international students, and the congee is delicious (which is saying something for a rice porridge).  They don't skimp on the additions (I'm partial to the sliced pork and preserved egg), and the available special appetizers (spicy beef tripe, fried bread, chicken feet with black bean) are worth trying.  Their homemade chili-garlic sauce is a winner, too - spicy and garlicky, it's worth picking up a jar (which they sell at the counter).  It's oily, so is best used in small quantities, but is really quite delicious.

Service is primarily counter-based, and a bit on the charmingly grumpy side, although some may find it less charming than others.
AMAZiNG!!!!!!! Authentic cuisine. REally this is superb. The congee is great and the chicken is so tender and delicious. REally authentic.
HANDS DOWN most authentic Asian cuisine my hubby Andi have found in Madison!  Congee love! The chicken was moist and tasty, so good!
I was surprised to have such good food at a mall.  Great Dumplings and noodles....get wok you like...I'm sure you will enjoy...
Good!
Hong Kong Wok is one of the Asian fast food sit-downs that my friends and I had frequently dined at. 

I appreciate the cheap and semi-authentic menu items here, and they aren't bad either. My favorites dishes here are the beef with scrambled eggs, the beef fried hofun, and the lemon grass chicken. When I'm in the mood, I also dig the congee varieties that are offered here.

I'd say most of the dishes at Hong Kong Wok are under $10. It's fast and it's pretty decent compared to other Asian restaurants in Madison. I wouldn't go out of my way to try this place, but give it a shot at your own convenience.
Hong Kong Wok has been the most dependable Chinese restaurant in my 2 1/2 years in Madison.  You can mainly find your usual Americanized-Chinese suspects on the menu (e.g. sweet and sour pork, beef and broccoli, fried rice) and some more "authentic" dishes for lunch on Saturdays and Sundays (e.g. congee and a few other items you might find at dim sum).  I used to come here often, and the food has always been pretty good and consistent.  While you won't get a spectacular meal, you'll get a tasty meal to satisfy your MSG cravings.  The portion sizes and price are right as well (under $8 for a meal with rice).
For Madison, this is a good as it gets for cheap, genuine chinese food. The number of international students who flock to this place should be proof enough. Their mapo tofu with pork is very good, and so are their black bean sauce dishes. The calamari in black bean sauce is surprisingly tender and delicious for the price.  Their congee is consistently good and their soups aren't bad.  Before this place opened, there weren't any good chinese fast food places in Madison at all. 

Be forewarned, if you're the kind of person who's just looking for some orange chicken or kung pow, you'll probably be unimpressed. But if you're looking for real chinese fast-food, this is the place. 

I have fond memories of this place. I live in California now and I'm surprised that I have yet to find a cheap chinese place here quite as good as this.
WOW...this place is LEGIT! Talk about a hidden gem...it's tucked away in a corner in the Hilldale Mall. You almost think it's one of those places in the mall food court...it's NOT. This place has some serious authentic Chinese food. Come on a Saturday or Sunday for lunch and it's filled with Chinese families. The food is ordered fast food style and brought to the table.

I had the sliced pork and preserved egg congee (rice porridge) which is a very traditional Chinese brunch dish. It was flavored perfectly, not too salty and topped with fresh scallions. I also ordered some Chinese fried bread, which looks very similar to a churro. It was hot, delicious, and oily (which is how it is supposed to be). I also ordered two dished which are traditional Dim Sum dishes, rice noodle with Chinese fried bread and shrimp. Both of them were very good. Finally, I had the beef ho fun. There are only a few places in Madison that have this dish, but Hong Kong Wok is among the best.

The atmosphere was mall food court style with some paper plates and plastic utensils. For those who want a slightly better dining experience, bring your own chopsticks and Chinese soup spoon ladle (looking around there were several people who brought their own). The food came out very fast and fresh. I didn't get a chance to try, but they also have Chinese bao (buns) on the menu. The congee is only served on Saturdays and Sundays for lunch but they have a full menu as well. It is very casual so if you're looking for fine dining, this is not going to be your place. If you're looking for delicious authentic Chinese food, this is the place in Madison to be.
Very disappointed in takeout dinners this evening.  Cashew chicken had few or no cashews.  Chicken in the Curry chicken fried rice was undercooked.  Governor's Beef lacked flavor.
pesto cavatappi w/ parmigiana chicken... and a ciabbata roll on the side... with butter... and a smile...

this dish is so damn good i wanted to reach across the counter and slap the hell out of the cashier as a thank you for recommending that i top off my pasta with chicken parmigiana.  the pasta was good but with the chicken... damn.  and since in italy bread is considered an eating utensil i ordered a ciabatta roll on the side.  

my name is jeff and i'm addicted to pasta...
Their portions here seem to be more generous than other Noodles and Company Locations.  I had a regular sized Japanese pan noodles and barely touched it and was full.  Food was good, and restaurant was clean.
Noodles & Company...universally loved, almost.  I say almost because there seems to be an attitude among foodies that this chain sucks.  I, personally, don't think it sucks, but it could be a lot better.

The main problem with this location is the size of the restaurant itself.  It would probably get three stars from me if not for this problem. There is simply not enough seating to accommodate the amount of people who want to eat here on weekends.  I'm not a fan of waiting for tables unless the restaurant is REALLY good, so I've just walked out a few times before placing my order.  When I do stick around, usually I feel really crowded due to the close proximity of the tables.

There are also lots of little kids, who may or may not leave you teetering precariously on the brink of utter madness.  It's probably better to go during the work-week.

The food is reasonably tasty and quickly served, but inconsistent.  The noodles are always cooked perfectly but sometimes the sauces come out too watery.  The ability to add meat (or tofu) to any dish is helpful, since some of the dishes are pretty bland otherwise.  My favorite recently has been the penne rosa, which has just the right amount of kick.  However, for a place devoted to pastas, and considering the rather high prices, I expect to be more impressed.

You probably already know if you like Noodles & Company or not. If you aren't familiar with this chain and are thinking of trying it out, I would not recommend this location; there are quite a few others in the Madison area which are less crowded.  For a quick bite, Noodles is pretty good, but you can do better.
I was so bummed after eating here. I ordered the penne rosa with parmesan crusted chicken ( I normally order this at the monona one which always seems to be awesome!) and this really sucked.  No flavor, no parmesan even though I asked for parmesan, it was dry and barely edible.  Such a sad dish! Avoid this one if you can.
We have never had a bad meal here and their prices are spot on.  Affordable too.  The restaurant is a little bit small but nice.  Pretty view off to the east when the fountains are on.
Try the Pad Thai with steak, Pesto Cavatappi with chicken, Pasta Fresca, orThai Curry soup.  All very very good.  Oh!   And their Caesar salad has some of the best dressing around.
This is a 5 star rating for a cafe style restaurant.   I would not give it the same rating if it were more of a fine dining establishment.
Why is everybody complaining about the size of this restaurant? That's the size, deal with it or take your food to go. And kids? Really, you're on the West side of Madison, buddy...deal with it! But, i do admit it gets busy, but who doesn't like a busy restaurant? That means the food is good, right?

Your bill  can go quite high if you add a protein (chicken, shrimp, beef, tofu, and just recently new meatballs).

Only complaint, potstickers are terrible, they have no flavor. They look delicious, but do not be fooled. My favorite dish (and of many others) is the penne rosa.  

Except a crowd around lunchtime, and expect kids...when in doubt!

Oh, and great staff here, always friendly and fast!
This review is for the chain in general. I will post it here as this is probably the Noodles I have been to the most. I have been to all the Noodles locations in town at least five times and to Noodles in general about 60-80 times over ten years or so.

Consistently fresh and tasty food. Good service. Fast. Easy to customize the pasta (and add lots of veggie). Good value unless you add too many extras. Great pasta. Nice restaurants. Many have outside seating. 

They are a little stingy with veggies that you pay extra for. The extra meat could be cooked better into the meal instead of just lying on top. menu does not change too much so if you go too much you can Noodled out. 

Deserves a 4.5 stars (yelp, gives half stars would make giving fair ratings  easier), but is a little closer to 4 than 5.
Excellent food!  I can never decide on what I want when I walk in the door because there are always 3 or 4 dishes that I find appealing.  While it can get a little crowded at lunch time, it's worth the short wait for an open table and it simply shows what a great restaurant it is.  Excellent service too!
lack of identity, the Asian noodles don't look nor taste like it, the pastas are the same. Taste like cooked by bunch of students, taste very plain. just like cooking from school.
Meh. Honestly that's all I can say about it. The portions could be bigger, and a tad bit overpriced. I've tried most of the dishes on the menu, and finally conclude that the two things worth getting are the Truffle Mac and the Pesto Cavatappi. The other things just aren't that great. They've really dumbed down on the flavor even though their noodles come from a variety of different cuisines, almost seems too manufactured of a taste. There's no "soul" in this food. Obviously, it's just a quick eats fast food place and I really shouldn't be expecting too much. The atmosphere is very wonderful too. But who knows, I'd still prefer if it was more flavorful and probably bigger portions as I believe that had in the past.
I was at this location a week ago and I ordered a new dish they have, its called Thai hot pot, I was really looking forward to try it and unfortunately it failed completely. It was a big bowl with 90% water and 5% coconut milk (if there was any), three pieces of shredded chicken and pork each (all gummy), 5-6 spinach leaves, some noodles at the bottom and a few tomato chunks, the only good thing was the flatbread, nice flavor and crispy. I ate some since I was hungry but I will not ordered it again. This is not the  first time I get a bland dish at this place, I think it's losing quality.
I love noodles! The girl who took my order was great. She really knows the menu. As a vegetarian with a husband who is allergic to dairy, it is nice to be treated respectfully and have people who know what's in the food at restaurants. She definitely knew what was in the food. The food was super yummy and quick. I love this place!
My family and I have gone to this location a few times and we normally have good experiences. I usually get the penne rosa with grilled chicken. But the last few times, the chicken seems to be a little overcooked and dry. Especially if you pay close to $9 bucks for pasta and chicken, it better be near prefect. I would rate 3.5 stars, but not 4 stars.
I just walked into the restaurant with my husband to order dinner and a young child threw up behind us in line. When a fellow patron waiting for her food let a woman working there know, she turned to her manager who did nothing. A 2nd person notified the manager and in the rudest response he said, "Yeah, I know, but we're busy right now." There were two other people in line & this should be your 1st priority. Needless to say, we left. We won't be going back to a restaurant that would let a potential health hazard like this go unaddressed.
Mixed feelings about Arby's Restaurants.  I heard that they were recently purchased by a large chain so I decided to see if the menu had improved.   I didn't see anything much different so maybe the change hasn't taken place yet.  
Their Market Fresh sandwiches are pretty good.   Their Reuben is ok but not terrific.  The rye seems to be some sort of fake rye.   Maybe I am wrong on that but I don't like it and I love rye bread.   So what is going on here?
No regular fries, only curly fries which I hate.
Prices are way too much for fast food.  I can spend the same at a sit down restaurant for the same or better food.  Is it more expensive because of the fast food convenience?    I don't think so.
Service was very good.   So hats off on that but this review is mostly about the food.   Flavors are good to but we are unhappy with some of the quality and especially the prices.
Thought I would give the new Fish Sandwich Special a try.  I thought it was great.  Fast food usually gets a bad rap but this sandwich was much better than most restaurants I have been to.
My family stops into this Arby's once in a while. The food is consistently good for what it is, fast food. The staff is usually very friendly and the parking lot is easy to get around in. The only thing that brings the rating down is sometimes it is not as clean as I would like. Also if you are not fortunate enough to get a booth you have to sit in these iron lawn chairs. They are uncomfortable and odd for a indoor seating situation.
I have gone to this Arby's a couple times and the last two times I have had issues when trying to use coupons. This last time, I tried to use our local Memorial HS football coupon card when going through the "drive thru" where you can get 10% off your purchase.  The worker said,  "We don't accept those cards at this location. " Of course,  I was surprised considering this is the closest Arby's to the HS (only 1/2mi down the road). She continued saying,  "this restaurant is owned separately and we dont accept many coupons." So considering the food looks flattened when recieving it and as if they just threw it all together in a wrapper, I wont be going back to this location in the near future.
When I want a fast food burger, the Jack Sirloin burger is my go-to. Chez Jack hits the spot en route to or from a night of revelry. This Jack was fast and friendly, can't ask for more.
Food is average, but it's fast food. So whatever. There is a girl who works drive thru who has been on her cell phone talking the last THREE times we have been there. It takes FOREVER to order at the box cause she is responding to her friend or whatever on her cell phone. She is impossible to talk to at the window. Don't even bother asking for sauces. She is AWFUL. Bad attitude also. We come here a lot, but genuinely hope they get rid of her ASAP, or we will drive further to another location.
So the sign on the door says it opens at 5 a.m. At 5;05, the door is locked and the one visible employee looks at me, waiting outside, and scurries in back. Bear in mind that I'm dressed for my white-collar job, so I don't look like I'm going to rob the place or like I've been up all night to get lucky.

I call and ask whether the sign is wrong. Gal doesn't know: they'll open in 10 or 15 minutes, maybe. No guarantees. She refuses to give a reason why they can't open on time or why the sign would be wrong.

So the serious plan was to leave a customer standing outside the restaurant for half an hour past the posted opening. Because when you want fast food, an extra 30 minutes is nothing.
Took my daughter to @DennysAllnightr for her Birthday Grand Slam.

Nobody came to the table for almost 20 mins.

Our server was Penny.

No coffee refills in the first 40 mins.

Time from placing order till delivered was close to 25 mins.

Food was same quality as always at Denny's, which is fine.

But the service was severely lacking.

I'm disappointed, even for Denny's.
Had breakfast today with the family.  Weekly tradition for Wednesdays!  Pat took care of us like she always does.  Great meal and service.
Well I most certainly was not expecting to fire up a 5 star Denny's review on a Sunday night, but that's the beauty of an open mind, right? 
We headed out to QT to grab some wine and gas and were contemplating a dinner to go from here. We haven't showered today and layed low by the pool in attempt to do "nothing" before the busy week ahead. Our options were limited due to our appearance, so we figured Denny's would take us! 
They sure did. We rolled right up and saw a Redbox right outside the front door, which had us pretty happy. Grabbed a couple flicks and walked in. 
We were promptly greeted with smiles. The place smelled great! Like those little air fresheners you plug into the wall that mimic Grandma's house. It was clean as a whistle, restrooms and all. 
Our server, Dallas was amazing! My soup was out before I could even check into Yelp on my phone. The husband had a 6 dollar giant breakfast and myself a 4 buck grilled cheese. Dallas wrote nothing down (amazing considering my odd sides and requests), our food came out hot, perfect and fresh. Refills were prompt on our icy sodas. 
There really was nothing else we could have asked for. 
Who knew?! 
*Saw they are doing a charity benefit for the troops June 12th, 2011. 10 percent of your bill is donated. They have up some nice American decorations and some stories about local service members. 
*A new menu is also expected to launch on the 7th, so keep an eye out.
Nothing special, its the usual Denny's chain restaurant. Server were very pleasant and nice to everyone. Good for a quick breakfast with a nice coffee.
The Denny's at this location has outstanding cooks. Everything is always nicely cooked and hot, I love the skillets. The problem is with the service, the only consistancy is that it is terrible. My observation is not on one experience or two, it is the last four out of the last five times we have been there, no coffee refills, no to go boxes, we waited and waited for ANY service to the point the server in the next section finally helped us. Management needs step up the service.
I was surprisingly blown away by the service. The staff was very friendly, the place was clean and even the manager came to each and every table to see how the food and service was. They were just really on the ball. 

The server was very friendly, even talked with my kids and laughed and made sure that she stayed on top of my older twos drink refills. 

It was really just a refreshing experience. They converted this "I avoid Denny's unless there is no other option" person to a "I will at least visit this Denny's when I am in the area." 

Food is responsibly priced, fun kid cups and food they will actually eat. :)
Nothing fancy about this place, it's your typical Denny's restaurants.  It's open 24 hours a day, so it's good for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  You can order breakfast food during night time and dinner during day time.  They don't care what time it is, they will fill you up anyway they can get.  Also, they offer free birthday meal, just show up and let them know it's your birthday and they'll pay for your meal, easy like that.
In the words of the late great Colonel Sanders - "I'm to drunk... to taste this chicken."

I don't like fried chicken to begin with, but sometimes I'm in a hurry and KFC buffalo sliders just sound delicious. To tell you the truth, they are delicious, and that is the only reason this shit hole is getting two stars. I've often gone here and the place is closed when they should be open, the dining area is over the top messy, and the people who work there have got to be the dumbest of the dumb. I understand it is fast food, but this is like the bottom of the barrel. They would be the dumbest of the kids with down syndrome.

And they also have about 20 cats that live by the dumpster behind the restaurant. Poor kitties, having to eat KFC to stay alive.
I'll be honest, I completely forgot Yelp existed.  Lots of my friends are Elite Yelpers, and since there haven't been many events over the past few months, their conversation topics have switched from "Oh my god the next OYE sounds fuckin awesome!" to "I haven't gotten any free food/drinks and Yelp branded schwag in forever waaahhhhhh!!!!"  So when I went to the UYE at The Vig Uptown last night with Georgie S, stuffed my face with cheap grub and Bud Lights, stuffed my pockets with lets just call it "a couple" Yelp coozies and packs of Orange-heads, I remembered this little website and figured I'd fill you in on what I've been eating since the last OYE.  God damn that was a long sentence.

KFC Double Down muthafuckas!!!!!!!

Yes, that's right, I've literally eaten KFC Double Downs for every meal for..... when did they come out?...... I don't know whenever they came out.  If you don't know what a Double Down is, then you obviously don't watch enough ESPN and other channels that target fat lazy dudes.  The KFC Double Down is the brainchild of what must be the fattest genius on Earth, designed specifically to trigger the glutton-reflex in the human brain.

Picture this:
Take a delicious chicken sandwich from your favorite joint.

Put bacon and a sweet tangy sauce on it.  Hungry aren't ya?

But something is missing right?


NOW TAKE THOSE TWO PANSY ASS PIECES OF BREAD, THROW THAT SHIT BACK INTO THE DRIVE THRU WINDOW, AND SAY "GIMME ANOTHER PIECE OF CHICKEN BITCH!

You don't need bread!  Just put the freakin bacon and sauce IN BETWEEN the chicken filets!  You like grilled chicken?  Get grilled chicken.  You like fried chicken?  Get fried chicken.  

Or you can follow in my Chicken Jesus-like footsteps and get one of each.  QUADRUPLE DOWN!!!

Seriously, I know most of you are all "GROSS!!" and thinking that I must be a raging alcoholic or constantly high to like this thing, but trust me, IT. IS. INCREDIBLE.  Eat a bunch of salads all week and tell yourself that you're healthy, go get a KFCDD, a 40 of OE, and sit on your ASS and enjoy the wonders of a true poultry masterpiece.  

Plus you need protein homie, you're lookin a little flaco.  Yeah, you.  If you need me, I'll be in the drive thru.
I hated KFC for the longest time. But a few months ago I needed to grab a quick lunch & went to the drive thru. I have been here 4 times total & I get the same thing every time, mashed potato bowl. I also get a biscuit & yesterday I got a lil parfait, strawberry. The cheese on top of the chicken pieces, corn, gravy & mashed potatoes was barely melted, yuck. The biscuit was pretty good & so was the parfait. Why only 2 stars? I've definitely experienced better!
I am writing corporate. This is the worst KFC location ever!  If someone from corporate came to this location and tasted the garbage this location puts out it would be shut down.
I'll be honest. I do not like writing bad reviews, but, I have had way too many bad experiences at this KFC to not comment. I have been coming here on and off for several years. The facility has been renovated and looks amazing. The bathrooms are always clean, but that is where the positive stops. 

Most of the time my order is wrong when going through the drive through. Often times there is no flat ware with my order. The wait is always long inside and in the drive through, even when there are no customers in line. I waited in line inside for over 30 minutes with no customers in front of me and no one else waiting for food. Then, my order was wrong. The staff are not necessarily unpleasant, but certainly not customer focused. The food is inconsistent. Got 3 biscuits, one was almost raw dough and the other two were dry and crunchy. The chicken is much the same. 

I keep going back hoping for change, but never see any. 

Again, I would usually not say anything rather than write a negative report, but this KFC has been continually under par with bad customer service, wrong orders and inconsistent food quality. Add in the long waits and this is certainly a place to avoid.
You could go here, but you would be better off taking a cheese grater to your nipple.

Do you enjoy standing at the counter for 20 minutes just waiting to order? Do you like your order always being screwed up? Do you like it when an employee tells you that they are out of something 15 minutes after you ordered it?

Then I have the place for you!!!!!!
I heard the burgers here were good, so I figured I'd check it out. 

After sitting at my table for well over twenty minutes without a word from my server, I decided to go up to the counter to see what was wrong. The girl at the counter was nice enough and offered to take my order immediately while I was standing there. I appreciated that, but the girl still seemed very rushed and my order was very transactional.

I ordered the cheeseburger and I was shocked by how small it was. I guess it tasted okay, but overall it was very average and lackluster with a plain bun and a slice of boring American cheese. I felt like I could have gotten a hamburger like this on any other street in any other town. 

In addition, not once did the girl come around to see if we needed a refill on our drinks. After waiting well over an hour for the girl to offer a dessert or cup of coffee, we just left. Good thing, as I heard the coffee they serve there is so hot that if you pour it all over your lap, you will actually get burned.

As for ambience, the one thing I did like was the large family portrait on the wall. I was definitely impressed by the fact that there seemed to be an elected official in the family, but then I read that his last name was not McDonald, but instead McCheese and I couldn't help but think that he was not even related and instead only added for fluff. Even more important than that (and please note that I am all for trying to rehabilitate convicts), but if you have a family member who has been through the prison system, please at least put them in some different clothes before you take a family photo.

I still gave McDonald's five stars because I think it's important to support small businesses, but Mr. McDonald had better clean up his act if he has any true aspirations of making it in this business.
was in this location on 03/04/2013 and the staff did not seem friendly. I came in to eat, the girl who was running the counter was too busy messing with her phone. I ordered and waited for my food. When they called my number they did not even say thank you for coming in. Now I know this is McDonald's but I have been n my share of them and they always say hello. Came back the next morning after I got off work and went through the drive thru. They were happy and thanked me and even stated hope to see me again. I am not sure what is with the night staff verus the day. But I guess I will use drive thru in the morning.
we rarely have McDonalds and made a big mistake by going to this McDonalds when we arrived in Phoenix late night 3/23/2013 .   The staff is rude, they messed up the order and the food was cold.  The order was packed with the fries sideways and falling out and the bread was hard and stale.  The food was so bad we wound up throwing most of it away.    The wanna-be gangsta working the window wasn't happy when we pointed out their mistake.   The owner of this McDonalds should find some people who care a bit about their job...  the 2 people their on 3/23 could care less!
Worst  mcdonalds ever,  0 stars if that would be possible , I went today 10/8/2013 and asked for extra MnMs on my McFlurry and got literally only 5 MnMs on it , worst  service ever , how disrespectful , I hope they close down , i work hard for my money and i expect the best McFlurry every time , not 5 pieces of MnMs and vanilla ice cream , SMH FAM
If I could give this location zero stars I would. I am surprised this place is not shut down by food inspectors or McDonalds corp offices.  This is a horrific McDonalds. The food is always bad, cold, cooked, or served wrong, despite the easy order. ( Ice in a drink. REALLY? Ya can't even get that right McDonalds staff worker? )  The equipment is always broken, place is dirty except the parking lot ( More on that in a minute)  the staff do not speak English but work positions where they need to, and never  get the order or change correct. 
   I had complained several times about the staff member who goes out and waters the parking lot every day. McDonalds corporate offices ( not in the deserts of Az of course)  tell me it is policy to wash the parking lots fully every day. REALLY? Even when it is clean? Really? The whole parking lot in a huge strip mall McDonalds? REALLY? Even when you have 200 cars backed up at drive through? Is this the workers only job? He sits out there on the curb holding a hose. He does not clean the restaurant or the bathroom or help serve the million people backed up on line? Hey I want that job. ( insert sarcasm here) Hey MIKEYD"S you do know we live in the desert right?
    I used to go here every morning on the way to work for my cafe fix but I stopped last week. I will never go back. Last week the man with the hose was outsIde smoking!( yes a cig, it was lit, and yes he did inhale!)  He was also just aiming the hose in the air letting the water squirt into the air. No, thank you for asking, there were no trees, flowers or plants nearby, just cement. Not a clue what he was doing. Just wasting water in the desert and smoking. SMOKING???????Did I mention he was smoking? EWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Oh BTW, did I mention he was smoking????? Smoking around food? Ok, technically there was no food in the parking lot but ya get my drift right? I say OMG! How gross are you McDonalds?
It's McDonalds.  Exactly what we expected.  Cheap food fast.  Done.
I got food here twice.  I rarely eat fast food but have a soft spot for egg mcmuffins; they don't seem THAT bad for you and are filling.  The first time, the English muffin part of it was just about burnt to a crisp and inedible (leaving me hungry until lunch).  The second time, it was barely toasted and the cheese was cold (giving it a much much much less desirable flavor).  This mixed with kinda rude staff (for those I've dealt with) on both occasions and I'm not going to make the same mistake a third time.
I know it is silly to give a Wendy's a 5-star review but really, this is the greatest Wendy's of all time.  The food is typical Wendy's food.  It doesn't taste any better or worse than it should and that is just fine.  The reason this place rocks is because of the service, particularly, the Drive-Thru.

Let me play this scenario out for you.  You pull up and order your meal. Girl on the speaker says $2.90 at the first window. As you get up to the first window, you hand her $3 in cash...she already has a dime in her hand and gives it to you while saying "second window." As you pull up to the second window, you barely have time to press the brake because the guy at the second window is there with your bag of food hanging out ready for you to grab it as you drive by.  I can literally go through this Wendy's drive-thu in under 30 seconds.  It is amazing.  They couldn't be faster if I called ahead.  

Considering how little time many of us get for lunch, a place like this is really a blessing.  The manager who trains his staff to perform so well should be commended. I love this Wendy's!
I agree with Glenn about this Wendy's is on top of it with there service but check out the pic of the Chicken Sandwich I ordered with lettuce. WITH LETTUCE. Haha What the hell is this. lol I just had to laugh and take a pic when I opened this up. I usually only go here for fries and frostys.
Fries were over salted the last 3 times. Very disappointing for me because I generally love Wendy's.  If you can avoid the fries odds are the are extremely salty.
I am not a big fast food guy but this place clinched it for me.  I ordered the chicken sandwich as I have done many times before.  This time, I got extremely ill after no less than 10 minutes.  This rarely happens to me but feel the need to share.  I am sure it's 1 in a million but I will admit that this location is on my black list and urge people to ask for the meat well done.
I'm kind of surprised that this place has gotten such low reviews, and I can only assume that their game must have come up quite a bit since some of these.

I normally wouldn't review a fast food chain but this place is clean, quiet and I've never had an issue.  I actually drive an extra couple of minutes to go to this location rather than the one down on Glendale Ave.

Also, let me just say, YOU HAVE TO TRY THE NEW BREAKFAST!  I love a good chicken biscuit, and the one they serve has got honey butter on it as well.  Wendys has really upped the ante for breakfast fast food.  Try it out, you'll love it!!!!
I've been eating here on and off since I moved to this side of town a few months ago, and I have a mixed bag of thoughts for this place.  The experiences have been a combination of fine, okay, and a few "that was really bad" experiences as well.

For starters, the food here is pretty consistent, and the menu itself is like every other Wendy's. I like Wendy's because I like a lot of their menu items, and I don't feel so guilty for eating fast food after leaving here.  Overall, the chain is great, but this location's kinda weird.

For starters, sometimes I've come here and the place has felt and looked sub par when dining in.  For a while, the carpeting in their dining area looked filthy, and it grossed me out.  Now the carpeting is clean, so I guess they had to cleaned and de-filthed.

Other times, when in the drive through, the service has been okay.  I remember one time I was here in the middle of the day (like 3 pm, so it wasn't a busy meal hour) and even though I ordered a single combo meal, they made me pull forward and wait with another car for them to walk my order out.  Um, I can't imagine why they would do that, since it wasn't really all that busy.  I ended up waiting about 5 minutes, maybe 10 in the parking lot with another car for my food.  This morning I saw a white van that went through the drive through and they were waiting as well for their food to get walked out.  Unless the drive thru people are trying to shave time off how long it takes them to get their drive thru order, it doesn't make any sense.  I wish it were more consistent in this area.  After having been to a few Wendy's this is the only location that has this bad habit in their drive thru and its kind of annoying. 

I will say, sometimes I come here and think, "this place is so dirty today and it took forever to get my food, I'm going home and giving it one star." Other times I come here and everything is fine, and I think "ya know what? It wasn't so bad today, I'm going to go home and give them 5 stars."  I settled on 3 because I figured it was a fair assumption of both the good and bad experiences that I've had here.  Most of my complaints are in regards to cleanliness and wait times, not so much the food, because the food is consistent and tasty.
Their sign says the nicest place on earth or was it happiest....wait thats Disneyland. I think. Anyway, the folks behind the counter are very nice and helpful. I like that they have pasta here and the meat is sliced right in front of your eyes if your into that sort of thing. Everything always looks really fresh even today at 4 pm. I have been coming here forever and will continue to do so.
This place has been here forever.  One of the best sub places in the area.  Friendly staff and great pricing.  They shave the meat and cheese right in front of you so you know it is fresh. 

Today I visited Mr. Goodcents and I ordered the Penny Sub without ham.  The sandwich maker added a couple extra pieces of roast beef and turkey to compensate.  The bread was soft and the overall sandwich was great as it normally is.  We seemed to get into the place just in time because the place filled up right after we sat down (I guess word could have gotten out that I came in.)  

This place is leaps and bounds ahead of Subway so do yourself a favor and pick this place when you have your next hankerin'  for a tasty sandwich.
Mr. Goodcents is a great alternative to Subway.  They have more ingredient options and a few locations around the valley.  

I ordered the Italian sub with Capicola, Pepperoni, and Salami.  They have Asiago bread so I got it on that.  The vegetables are very fresh and the sandwich was great.  

For the $5 footlong lovers they have 8 subs on that menu and if you want a different one it's only .49 extra.  They also have many sub size even 8 inch so if 6 is too small but 12 is too large have an option.  

If you've never been check it out you won't be disappointed.
After some shopping at Norterra my husband was in the mood for a sub. He saw a sign for Jersey Mike's & headed over. When we got closer we saw the "coming soon" part. Haha, he was bummed. Then I used my handy Yelp app on my phone & found Mr. Goodcents, which is only a couple miles from our house. We got there a lil after 7 & there were a couple people ahead of us in line. I decided on the Nickle sub which had capicola ham, pepperoni & salami. I got the 8 inch on white & added  provolone cheese, lettuce, pickles & mustard. Hubby ordered the Penny sub which had turkey, ham & roast beef. He got the 12 inch on white & added swiss cheese, lettuce, onions, tomatoes, pepperoncinis & oil & vinegar. We both got combos with drinks, but I got a cookie & he got chips. Total for both meals was a lil over $15. The subs were very fresh & tasty, we'll definitely be back!
I've been coming to Mr. Goodcents for a while and was interested in their "new" toasted selections.  I ordered their California Turkey club, they took my name and disappeared to the back only to come back out and continue helping customers.  I figured it may take a minute or 2 so I let the customers behind me move ahead with their non-toasted selections.  Quite a bit of time passed and what had to be 10-15 minutes later a lady emerges from the back with my sandwich.  I got a "sorry for the wait" and took my sandwich to my table.  It was then I found out that the guacamole was left off, so all I had was a cheesy turkey sub.  I then had to go to 3 employees to get this guacamole, with another "sorry" to go with it.  

Needless to say by the time this saga came to an end, the rest of my group was done eating and got to spectate as I ate my sandwich, as well as eating additional time off our lunch hour.  Pretty disappointing, maybe all sub shops aren't equipped for the toasted game.....or maybe they could have better communicated the ordeal that was to come.
What like about this place is the service.  Cold cut meats sliced as you order your sandwich and it goes right on your choice of bread.  The guy doing the slicing had an awesome customer service attitude; totally aggresive but also friendly.

The sandwiches were good.  If you need a quick bite for lunch I would say Mr. Goodcents is the way to go.  Don't expect anything too extravagant, its a sandwich....
We use to go there however it seems like they started skimping on the meat.  Too much filler stuff and not enough meat and the customers think maybe I could just do this at home.
The meat and bread is so fresh that it makes Mr. Goodcents my number one sub place to hit up when in the mood for a sub
They serve very fresh sandwiches and they have a different flavor all their own.  Yes it may just be a sandwhich, but this location has very freindly staff & great chocolate chip cookies.
I love this Mr. goodcents. it is a few miles from my house but other than convenience of location, the owner here is awesome. Every time I come in he always gives me a compliment of some sort. one night i had just got my hair done at the salon and when i walked in he said "i love your hair!" Way to make a girl feel special :) Everyone is always courteous behind the counter, fast, and the food is great. This is the only goodcents i go to!
Staff was fantastic.  It was our first time in and they were incredibly friendly with a smart alec like attitude (in a funny way) and we loved it!  First timers get a free cookie!  The place was spotless... very very clean.  Loved that.  Now for the food... Hubby had a Hickory smoked turkey sandwich - cold sandwich... it was really good.  yummy chewy bread - very soft and fresh.  And mind you it was about 8pm at night.  I got a California Turkey Club - this is toasted...  I didnt know that when I ordered it but my bad for not paying attention to the menu board.  It was still very good but I liked the cold sandwich better... its all just a personal preference... hot or cold... they were both very tasty and all ingredients were fresh and delicious.  I wouldn't say I'd go out of my way to eat here but it was a good sub.
Great place to go for a sub sandwich!

Meat & Cheese is sliced to order - no pre-packaged/pre-sliced crap! 

Plenty of sandwich & topping choices!

Owner and all workers are always friendly & service is fast!

Penny Club, Italian, Buffalo Chix are some of my favorites - yet, all are good.

They also have a kids menu & pasta which my little one loves!

Stop in & enjoy!!
The grandkids wanted Mr. Goodcents for dinner. We've been to this location several times throughout the years especially since it is right up the street from us. 

I have always been  very impressed with this place!!  If you've never been, when you order a sub they literally slice the meat in front you... to me is what a sub should taste like. 

I have always had a great experience with both the food AND customer service ).I prefer this over Subway or Quizno's anyday!!! Very reasonable prices and great food.  If you get a chance, try this place.
I could eat subs for lunch every single day and never tire of subs.  Usually I go to subway because of location and price, but when I want a real treat I order Mr Goodcents.  I order the same thing every single time and consistently it is delicious.  The delivery driver is so professional and she is a sweetheart.  When I am feeling extra crazy I order chocolate chip giant cookie.  All very delicious!! Not the cheapest but definitely worth it!!
We love us some Mr. Goodcents!  Everyone who works there is incredibly friendly and welcoming.  I am obsessed with the razor-thin onions they put on the sandwiches. Everything is cut fresh and to order.  Unlike Subway, their bread tastes freshly baked and is very soft.  If we have a hankering for a sub, you better believe we'll be heading for this place!
The sell tasty sandwiches at this place. I like how they freshly slice their meat & cheese. I like the turkey pepperoni with mozzarella on wheat. 

The price is similar to other sandwich places except this place offers a punch card  to earn free sandwiches! Today the told me to pick a winning Wednesday card, I won a free bag if chips for my next visit.
I love Goodcents way better than Subway.  Their bread, meats and cheeses are so fresh.  They slice the meat and cheese right there for you.  In addition t bread is heavenly...They are fast, courteous, and clean. I've never had a bad experience here. 

Just an FYI I get the veggie sub on wheat. My wife like their tuna sub Goodcents is super clean and super efficient.  Easy parking lot to get in and out of as well

FOOD: Excellent sub sandwiches. They don't skimp on their toppings.  When I want a sub I choose this place over Subway. PRICE: Very reasonable. SERVICE:  Fast, friendly service. Very personable, Sam kept our soda and iced tea filled to the brim. CONCULSION: There's really not much to say, I've never had a bad tasting sandwich from there and they have never messed up. Makes me wonder how I put up with subway all these years.  RETURN  FACTOR: 100%

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again if a friend or family member wanted to go. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
Hands down the best customer service..!and even better subs the wheat bread is super good I've been coming here for many years..the subs are better than Subway or port-o- subs thats for sure..! Besides who wants to eat at a place named after a dirty subway or a stinky port-o-potty..? Not me
Excellent good fresh and delicious with many choices at a great price.  You get it made your way with many different choices of meats cheeses and toppings. Thru also have pastas but I recommend subs they are better.
LOVE this place.

First, the staff is SOOOOOO nice. Secondly, the make their own bread fresh, slice their own meats and cheese right there! I have NEVER had an issue with food, the cleanliness of the restaurant or any service I've gotten here.

Check it out, WAY better than Subway.
There's a Subway across the street, but after discovering this place, I will never go back to that Subway.  They have high-quality, fresh, and sliced-in-front-of-you food.  Prices are slightly lower than Subway.
Dear Subway, although we have had a delightful relationship over the years, I must confess that I have recently started frequenting another sub shop ... Goodcents. While I enjoy the aroma of fresh baked bread and a happy greeting when I enter your doors, Goodcents has been able to provide for me in ways that you have not. I must confess, it's true... portion size does matter. And while you can provide 6 inches or 12 inches of delectable options, Goodcents can provide me with 6 inches, 8 inches, 12 inches or even 16 inches of satisfying deliciousness. Also, Goodcents has bared its soul, thinly slicing its meats and cheeses right in front of me when I order. It's refreshing.
I'll still visit you, Subway... afterall, Goodcents isn't everywhere. At least not yet. But I thought you should know that they have stolen my heart.
Golden Panda has a special place in my heart; the part I clog with orange chicken. I'm sure its not the most authentic Chinese meal, although i don't know, but i consider it the best Chinese take out in the area, solely based on this one item. 

Although I get the same thing every time i have on occasion tried other items that people with me have ordered. All the chicken entries are good, the same lightly fried chicken just different sauces (general tso is my 2nd favorite). The beef dishes are terrible. The seafood is just ok. The won ton soup is really good as well and is usually the second thing i will order if orange chicken isn't enough. I cant remember if the pork is any good but the won ton soup has pork in it so i would give it a shot if you like pork far more than chicken. 

The owners and servers are a bit jaded by the high school students that frequent the place during lunch but will warm up quickly if you go in there a few times. Food comes fast by the way so make sure that when you get take out that you let them know if you will take more than 5 minutes otherwise it will be done and waiting for you after 5 minutes. 

The store has few tables where you can eat but for the most part is a takeout/delivery based establishment. However if you do eat there they have Barq's red cream soda on their fountain.
Why oh why is it so hard to find good Chinese food in this town?  The two behind the counter at this place are Chinese - please don't tell me you eat the garbage that you serve to the masses in Phoenix as Chinese food.

I should have read the previous review because I had a simple beef with vegetables (how could that be screwed up?)  Hardly any beef, the veggies were all previously frozen.  The pork fried rice smelled like rotten fish.  The pork is cut into tiny pieces and are extremely fatty - I'm not even sure it's pork.  I did see a dead cat not far from the front door, maybe he will be on tonight's special menu?

Wahsun is not too far down 19th Ave - GO THERE INSTEAD, this place SUCKS!
3.5 stars

Fast friendly service and the food was good. 

I ordered Hung Pao rice bowl, while it was not huge and loaded with things it was plenty for a lunch size. The food tasted good. 

We ordered it Sunday evening for dinner. Orange chicken, General Tso chicken and chicken fried rice. ALL with white meat. While I really like the fact you can get all white meat, it was a little dry. Perhaps the way it was sliced and not in small cubes? All the food was good but not the best I have had. 

I would order again.
I ordered the "Assorted Vegetable" combo which came with brown rice, an egg roll, and two crab puffs.  It was ~ $6.00.  It was very good, and freshly prepared. The vegetables were crisp and well flavored.  I have ordered this on two separate occasions, and found the quality to be consistent both times.  I would recommend this restaurant if you are looking for decent Chinese take-out and are close to 19th ave and T-bird.
The best orange chicken I've had since moving to Phoenix.  I haven't experimented much with the rest of the menu but that's only because the orange chicken is so good.

*edit*  Sadly, it has closed down.
I really miss living closer to this place.  This is a real whole in the wall gem.  I love their shrimp in lobster sauce.  Nice crunchy snow peas!  Portions are large and service is awesome.  I sometimes would stop in after the dog park.  The area is not the best.. its not a dump but it is not were I would leave my car running unattended.  With my dog in the car in the 100 degree heat I wasn't about to shut off the AC.  I would run in and order real quick then run back out to my car to stand outside until my order was ready.  They often would bring my food out to me.  I did not ask them to do this nor did I expect it.  They did that extra effort on their own and it was well appreciated.  They are also very kind there and the place is kept clean.  

The rice is fluffy and you can substitute with noodles without a huge hassle like some other places.  Portions are large and prices are low which is a huge plus.  

I moved about 30 minutes away from here but I still crave it and often make a special trip for some food.  

I do wish their crab puffs were more stuffed though.  The crab puffs are kinda skinny and I prefer a nice big fat puff.   Other then that this place is a super yummy.
This is the McDonald's on the corner of 19th ave and Bell Rd. 
Even remodeled, it still looks dirty. It has always looked dirty in the 10 years I have driven past it and occasionally gone inside. There are always some sketchy looking characters loitering around too.
 It's right next to and across from some of the busiest bus stops in town, so it does have the convenience factor.
The last time I got a Big Mac and fries, it was not fresh.
I never thought I would say this, but if you want a better McDonald's, just go into Wal-Mart right behind and try their McDonald's.
I goto McD's twice a year. Shamrock shake and McRib. This year I added a 3rd trip during the BOGO offer for the new Quarter Pounders.

Drive thru here offers two lanes to order that converge into one for pickup. Drivers beware. Many drivers leaving the DriveThru also U-turn into the parking area on the East side, so it's probably not a great place to park - and you take your life into your hands if you are trying to leave the Wal-mart via that passageway.

We found the new habanero QP to be fairly tasty, with a giant slice of tomato and the sauce was actually decent, with some spice to it. Not hot, but hotter than I expected from McD. I was gonna give them 3 stars for the fact that I was pleasantly sursprised.

Then, I remembered that my previous trip here they didn't have shamrock shakes. They were out. Like 3 days into the limited time promotion. Back to two stars.
Mcdonalds is obviously the most generic hamburger place. It is also the most succesfull despite being one of the worst. Outside of the beloved french fries, what does good ole Mcds have going for it? Carls Jr beat their $1 drink with one for 69 cents. The new wings are horrible. Yes they are bigger then the kind you get elsewhere, but not the right kind of spicy and too expensive. The "special sauce" always brings down the burgers which arent that good to begin with. Now that Mcdonalds is planning on eliminating the dollar menu and replacing it with a $5 menu, maybe its time to try the Sonic up the street.
As far as a McDonald's this close to a Wal-Mart goes. I was actually kind of impressed with how well kept it was. Comparatively speaking...

I had some time to kill before an appointment so I sat down with my laptop and had a coffee. There were tables with power outlets available specifically for customer use and the free wifi was nice.

This is McDonald's we're talking about here. They get 4 stars because my expectations were very low and they actually managed to impress me quite a bit during my short visit.
I HATE JACK IN THE CRACK...the only time I can eat here is if I've been drinking and everyone in the car is craving it. Not like I got a say I never drink and drive :) so when we all pull up my drunken ass orders something. 

THIS PARTICULAR jack just is horrible!!!! The past 3 times!!! Drinks get mixed up...fries are missing...tomatos are there when they shouldn't...foods cold...forget my sauce for the eggrolls :( ya don't judge i tried the eggrolls and they were horrible and dry. And it's really hard to make eggrolls taste bad ,but jack in the box sure was able to do it.
Quick service, clean remodled store. 

I had a breakfast burrito and I swear they are better then the 'berto' places.

Nothing to complain about here!
I'm sure many of you are thinking 5 stars, she has lost her mind! However, I have to admit my favorite 'pick me up' food is a Jumbo jack with cheese with curly fries and an oreo shake. i went this past Sunday, and I on this particular day I opted for an iced coffee instead of the shake, and the food was served fast and fresh with friendly service.  Nothing exceptional, but it satisfied me.

So why the 5 stars? This is particular location is in a 'sketchy' area, (19th Ave/Bell) and I have to say the manager was dealing with some very 'ghetto' patrons, they said everthing on their order was wrong; they asked for extra cheese, lettuce and tomatoes and the manager had to put more in the bag. The customers made comments about how they always get it wrong. Let's face it, Fast Food restaurants charge for everything - these folks were clearly giving the manager a hard time and trying to get stuff for free and the manager served them what they needed with a smile. I had to wait while a little bit while she took care of them, but I give this gal a lot of respect for serving me with same smile and professionalism. And when they left, she didn't roll her eyes and say anything negative, she just took care of me.
This place is open all night so it is awesome for the graveyard crew.
This Jack in the Box location saved my buddies and I. twice this past weekend, as it was one of a very few restaurants open after we stumbled out of the Candy Store. I use the term "restaurant" loosely, but we are talking about Phoenix here.

It did the trick, and both times the guys working the drive through had all sorts of personality, the second one navigating a ridiculously complicated order and the errant moans from one of my over served friends.

The two tacos stand out as one of the great hidden gems on any fast food menu. And at .99$ they're  a bargain to boot!
I have never had a screwed up order here. The staff is really nice and usually will engage in small talk while you wait. 

Get the Chicken Club on Sourdough....
3 for $3 rocks!
Guy in drive thru has Indian accent from hell and they don't carry ranch. This Jack sucks.
One of the better Jack in the Boxes. 
They don't overcook their eggs in the morning.
Very friendly service.  Try the breakfast "plate" it is a good deal.
Ran out of biscuits before the end of breakfast hours, and that's not cool.  Staff was reasonably polite about it though.  Quite a bit of riff-raff as far as customers go, but maybe that's just the area.  Ton of pepper in the eggs.  What the heck?
Get my order correct most times and my food is always hot.
What an odd and disappointing experience!

I simply asked the cashier to confirm the contents of the Monterey Ranch Crispy Chicken Sandwich (I wanted to make sure that it didn't have any bacon) and I got a snippy, sarcastic, and just plain rude tone from the cashier.

The food came out within a couple minutes, which probably accounts for the french fries being cold and stiff and the sandwiches having unmelted cheese.

I can't remember when I've ever had such a bad experience at a Wendy's, but by the look of some other reviews as well, it looks like it's best to treat this branch as a poor exception to the norm.
Nice clean place;  can get busy at lunch; today I noticed some serious attitudes amounst the crew here.  They seem very apathetic;  this may point to a management issue with this location.
This review is for 1 thing only. 

The Frito Chili Wrap Jr

This thing was a buck, it was freaking good. I will be getting the larger one next time.
Went for lunch and wasn't impressed.  I had the double sonic burger with bacon.  The fries were just mediocre and the burger really wasn't anything impressive either.  The only thing that gave this review a second star was the Cherry Limeade.  Honestly a great drink too bad the food couldn't be on par.
Great service, fast, and friendly hops. Love the happy hour prices before 11am, and 2-4pm. Also their coupons are always a good way to save. I just reloaded a sonic card for $25 and got a free burger coupon!
When it is blazing hot in Phoenix, get a ice cold beverage which they have lots of.  One block away from the office I work in when I go to Phoenix so it is pretty sweet.
Drive up menu busted had to move car to another car port.  Food, however, awesome!  Also credit card machine broken car hop took transaction and unfortunately there are no free refills.  Their fountain drinks are so good and the crushed iced is just right.  Great spot for a quick bite to eat without getting out of your car.  I wish we had these in Los Angeles.
Clean, friendly staff. 
They have never messed up an order for me.
Always have to go to sonic when in Arizona! The food is very cheap and good,however my favorite thing on the menu would have to be the fresh banana shake.
I have to agree with Shane on this particular location......I have been to several Jack in the box's in Cali.....and this one is awful compared to those. The place is always dark, dank and dirty looking. The service is always slow......however the staff is friendly. I highly recommend the drive thru because it seems they concentrate on that pretty heavy so you should get your food faster. However the milkshakes are the one bright spot here....since they are made to order they are very fresh and delicious. Everything else however is just average.....and unless you just like Jack in the box....there are several better places to eat nearby. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
I am not a fan of Jack in the Box.
But every time I go to this one the drive-thru is fast and friendly and my food is always hot or cold as appropriate.
Had a breakfast sandwhich and it was good.  The drive-through customer service was a couple of notches above what you'd expect- great attitudes, helpful, and cheerful.  Jack knows how to hire and retain a crew.  Food it typical Jbx.
Stopped by this location for a large order of jalapeno bites and a few sodas. Went through the drive-thru and the employees were extremely friendly, quick, and accurate on the requested condiments, right amount of napkins, and the poppers cooked just right.
I forgot they built a bunch of FF places along Deer Valley Rd over the last several years, until my bro Daren C reminded me (shout out).

I've been making the rounds to various area Arby's using the shit out of the free BBQ Bacon Cheddar Roastburger (arbys.com/coupon and today's the last day!)

I thought I'd try out another store to avoid wearing out my welcome on Bell Rd., and I'm glad I did.

This is a clean, efficient operation.  The building's pretty new, with a large dining area full of a variety of walled areas and nooks and crannies, giving many of the tables a private feel.
There's even a big atrium window, and a real, live 15' or so ficus tree growing indoors out of the floor in the dining area.  Great atmosphere for this kind of place.

The service was quick and friendly.  I could tell that the young guy at the counter thought the manager barking orders was being a dick, but he took it in stride, smiling and saying "yes, sir" the whole time.  "richard" the manager was only doing what it takes to keep a FF store running smoothly, though, and young guy will someday get a job selling cars or something, and look back thankfully on all 'richard' taught him about  upselling and add-ons, smiling and being friendly. 

Bad on Arby's for getting rid of regular french fries, though, as they now only have curly or potato cakes (which are great, but i always appreciate variety).
btw BBQ Bacon Cheddar Roastburger kicks butt.
Mike, the manager of this location, is great.  He really cares about the quality of his operation and the service delivered.

Yes, it is still fast food.  But the little things really make a difference when comparing mass-produced food experiences like fast food, and, on that score, this particular Arby's is a winner.  Clean as a whistle and you get treated like a human being and not just a number. 

Expect to be greeted warmly and to get your food promptly.   Mike makes a real difference because he takes his job seriously and trains his staff accordingly. Ring the bell on the way out if you enjoyed your experience - and get a chorus of Thank Yous! from the staff for your trouble.

Highly recommended.
Bob's review nailed it. 

Service 5 stars, they had my food ready before my drink was filled. Now that sounds like a bad thing... right? NOPE

Fresh as can be. The frys were hot, the bread was soft and the beef was not rubber. 

Great place to eat.
Its Arby's. Not quite sure if it warrants a review. Cause if your old enough to read and understand this, you probably have shoved quite a bit of Arby sandwiches down your throat. If you haven't but you can read and understand this. Then your probably new to this country. In that case welcome to the USA! And try the roast beef french dip or market fresh sandwiches at Arby's. Its some pretty good fast food.
Great for a quick RB fix.
They get at least one item wrong 1 out of 5 visits in drive-thru.
Leo Getz was right.
Fast food + chain. What's not to dislike.
Arby's has stepped up their game. Chain haters need not apply, you bore me.

 I usually get the Turkey Sandwich with the spicy mustard, lettuce, tomatoes and onions along with those yummy curly fries.

 But the belle of the ball is the recently introduced Double Reuben Sandwich which is garnished with the traditional fixings of sauerkraut and thousand island dressing. This sandwich is head and shoulders above any of the local NY deli spots in the area. The meaty Reuben combo will set you back about $9.61.

The manager is always there making sure that all the customers are happy. My only gripe is the constant up-selling by the cashiers. I love going here to read my paper and chill. There's plenty of elbow room and a bell to ring when you walk out the door if you want to voice your satisfaction with the food and service. I don't ring the bell, I just UFC.
Ugh, I hadn't been to an Arby's in "forever" and now I remember why.  Skimpy meat portions, over-salted and dry meat, and just "blah" all around.  Sure, it's fast and the service was friendly.  It's expensive for what you get, which isn't much.
If you're under 50, or older with a poor memory, you likely don't know that in the early 1970s Arby's was known as "Arby's Real Roast Beef", and it was real. The 'real" part was actually on the bottom of their outdoor sign, and perhaps even underlined.  You won't find ANY reference to this under their Wikipedia "history" page - strange?  Back then, the restaurants intentionally placed their slicer containing a huge chunk of genuine roast beef where everyone could see it.  Their sandwiches were, as you would guess, superb.  

I can't remember exactly when the chain made the 'conversion' to pressed and formed imitation roast beef, but the current product is nothing more than a poor man's lunch meat ala Subway.  Several years ago, it occurred to me to ask a store manager why they had stopped selling genuine roast beef and he gave me some fairy tale story about a shortage of "quality" beef.  I do on rare occasion fool myself into buying one of their "roast beef" sandwiches, but more than one visit every few years reminds you of why you stopped eating them.  The dead-gray flaps of "roast beef" under the bun are quite unappetizing, so it goes down a little easier if you don't look.  

I couldn't - in good conscience  - recommend eating these faux roast beef sandwiches to anyone.  It is a shame some entrepreneur hasn't opened a chain of restaurants replicating the real roast beef sandwiches of back when.  I would pay $6 - $7 for the real thing. But I can still choke down one of the current Arby's offerings - about once every Leap Year.
Quick, tasty, and friendly. We had for lunch today and was impressed. Will be back for sure :)
Not the best coffee, but the service was good!
How are you out of chicken when that's all you serve? Place is horrible they need to be retrained.
KFC has seriously gone down hill .WAYY over priced .will stick with Churchs chicken from now on
I really do try to shy away from giving bad reviews but this place is just horrible! I've tried this location 3 times in the last year and it was a horrible disappointment each time. Badly dried out chicken from sitting under the heat lamps way too long, failing to mention that they are out of gravy until you come back to complain that you didn't receive any with your order, and the most annoying drive thru window in the valley! I hate sounding like a redneck bigot but the young lady taking orders from the drive thru should be required to speak at least a little English! I have no interest in learning how to speak Spanish just so my order is correct from KFC and I don't have to repeat my order several times before she just resorts to guessing what the hell I want and throwing it in a bag!
Horrible, horrible service!!! Bad attitude rude BH there yesterday at 6:30pm!! Thank goodness we don't live near this location! I would go off on the corporate office!!
I can't say much about this location, we order at the drive-thru, so I didn't experience the inside of the place. 
At home, we have an old TV set that doesn't get any of the "regular" channels, my kids watch cartoons either on Netflix or DVDs, and us, we watch stuff on Netflix or Hulu. Well, on hulu they repeat commercials over and over again. And one of those commercials they've been repeating is the Jack In The Box's "Hot Mess", and I love it!! I'm always singing the song!! So I had to get me a Hot Mess Sandwich!!!
The Sandwich was ok, not too bad, I like the spice and acidity from the jalapeos, but that's about it. It is fast food, right!?  Can't expect a boutique burger, can you?
Just stopped here. Zero customers, food took forever. Cold fries. Filthy restrooms with no paper towels. No napkins in main lobby. 
Biscuit was good though. My boyfriend wanted me to add that.
I just went threw the drive threw the people didn't get our order right, then the manager was arguing with us. Won't come back here!
Oh good laaaaawd, Carl's Jr can shove itself in my face hole anytime.

I have had a love affair with CJ since I was a little kid when I would fly down to Santa Maria from Seattle to stay with my Nana and Tata for the summers.  Sadly, this was due in part to the fact that my Nana cooks with gobs of lard (as some of your Nanas and Grandmas might also do - all old school style.  Yeah, you know those green and white Armour Lard boxes...) and CJ's was probably a healthier alternative.  

Yeah, I said it.  I know I am going to hell but when you have to scrape off about two inches of lard to get to the pinquito beans underneath, while yes they are nom, they are not making you a shining example of nutrition and health.  But, as I am prone to do, I digress...

Oh Carl...sweet, sweeeeet Carl's Jr.  I had two burgers the week we were in Phoenix.  One mammoth burger was The Guacamole Bacon Six Dollar Burger.  Per their website:  Charbroiled 100% Black Angus Beef Patty, Guacamole, Two Strips of Bacon, Two Slices of Melted Pepperjack Cheese, Lettuce, Two Slices of Tomato, Red Onions, and Santa Fe Sauce on a Toasted Sesame Seed Bun.

I swear it probs had about 9 days worth of calories and I didn't eat again for about 15 hours but gawd was it heavenly and spicy.  I wasn't expecting it to have such a hearty kick but my lips were a bit chapped and they buuuuuuuuuuuurned so good.  The bacon wasn't flibby, which is a hazard with fast food bacon.  It was crispy and chock full of bacon-y goodness.  The guac was spooshing out every bite but it was so tasty I would smear my fries through it.  Note - I ate only as many fries as I could slather with their guac (7 to be exact) cause the burger was so gynormo-pants and I wasn't about to waste space on their fairly nommy fries.  Super tasty red onion and fresh lettuce and tomato made my burger pretty dang yummy.

The day before we left we went back and this time my SUPER picky nephew (god love him - he's a-frickin-dorable) was delighted with their chicken strips and fries.  I had the Western Bacon Cheeseburger which was MUCH smaller and probs only killed 4 days worth of calories.  Again, the bacon was nom and the onion rings and bbq sauce really hit the spot.  I didn't get fries with this burger but did try a Crisp Burrito from Green Burrito which is attached a la Pizza Hut/Taco Bell.  The crisp burrito was like a shorter, fatter, better Taco Time Crisp Beef Burrito and is served with their uber delectable guac.

All in all, I am VERY glad there are not Carl's Jrs in Seattle or I would be about 9 billion pounds.


***Update***

There are *THREE* Carl's Jrs in Washington.  DAMMIT ALL!  I will just forget that I know this...one in Marysville, Renton and Covington...I can never go to those cities again.  Drat!
Carl's senior may have been on to something, but Carl's Jr. has messed up the family tradition. If anyone asks you if you'd like to go for a Hot Carl's, they probably don't mean this place, but either way, the answer is NO. Remember that.

This place is basically just Hardee's, but on the West Coast. It's not the worst fast food place ever, but it's an evil chain (like all other corporate chains) and so I don't suggest trying it. I came to this location in Phoenix, back in 2011 and it was just like all the others. It wasn't my idea to come.

I should mention, I only rate national and global chains on a scale of 1-2. I rate family businesses on a scale of 3-5. Here is why:

Would you rather support the local family, or the multi national corporations and the rich men on yachts in the Carribbean? Why are the parking lots of the awesome local places usually half empty (or completely empty)? Why are the fast food chains always so busy? Why can they afford to open so late and get all the TV advertising and all the prime intersection locations? Why are they taking over all the airports, stations, and rest stops? Why go and support McDonalds, Taco Bell, Burger King, KFC, Wendys, Cold Stone, Subway, and so on? These places have systematically and coldly taken over the national food scene by using the cheapest ingredients, pre-packaged frozen systematic meals that are identical across the nation, ridiculously cheap prices for the polystyrene food on dollar menus, overpricing for everything else, rude underpaid servers on way less than minimum wage, and a ridiculously expensive mass brand advertising campaign that gets inside the heads of all the kids and the 20somethings and keeps them under the illusion that if it's not a brand name, it's not worth visiting. They spend all the money they should be investing in food and service, in advertising and cornering the market - the local places can't compete - and someday all we will be left with is the same chains serving the same food all over the world. That is our future. It's the way we're heading and you know it. Every time you eat at a bland national chain, you buy into that, you support that. Boycott chains. Support your local eateries. It's an embarrassment that generic brand national chains are even listed on a proper foodie website like Yelp, let alone getting 4 and 5 stars from so called foodies. Wake up, America, before we're all just batteries in the matrix.
Went here late last night on the way home wasn't sure if it was open PLEASE ADD THAT IS OPEN 24hrs I was glad tho since I got the bacon avocado hamburger and some fried zucchinis which made my night will def return lots of stuff on the menu since it's a green burrito as well.
Best place for shakes!  Love the big burgers
Terrible customer service, staff arguing with each other. Slow slow slow!!! 20 minutes to get 3 cheese burgers and a small fry. It wasn't that they were overly busy, there might have been 10 people total.
They are right off the 10 and 51st ave. I've only gone here for drive thru while I'm on lunch at work. Been here a few times. The employees are really cheerful compared to other McDonalds I've been too. They are quite generous here with napkins and sauces lol. No complaints really. Free wifi is awesome too while waiting in line at the drive thru :p
McDonalds at this location donated the breakfast for "The Run for the Wall".  Check out www.rftw.org.  Thank you for your contribution to our nations Veterans!
Stopped in for lunch during work. Employees friendly. Restroom dirty and a homeless guy sleeping at one of booths under the tv.
This little place needs help...I think the employees want to please their customers...but service is slow.
Worst place ever! Don't eat there! Every time I go, they always forget something! Worst place ever!!!!!!!
Don't get me wrong I love this place but today was enough to make me say no more chances, first order of hot wings were under cooked called back got them replaced and even waited 20min for them to be fresh took them home and guess what, still under cooked, I'm thinking their fry oil isn't hot enough to cook these hot wings throughly.
The food is good and the prices are cheap. Just make sure you check your bag before you leave the store or the drive thru. I go here all the time and about half of the time they don't give me everything I ordered. 

They're normally happy to get you everything once you point it out to them though. If you order one combo meal and don't ask for anything special like no ice in your drink or no pickles on your burger or an extra hash brown you'll probably get everything. But ordering it your way most likely will lead to it being done the wrong way until you ask to have it fixed. 

The 2 tacos for a buck is always good and they always have a promo menu item that is normally very good as well.
Man U see me with a white shirt on and u fill my drink up so full n throw my food at me so fast n then only give me one napkin... DAMN. Shit was delicious tho.  Mmmmmmmk
Blazing Chicken Sandwich is pretty good!  But for the price stick with Chic Fil A.  It's about 10x better for the same price!

This store pretty much delivers what you expect for a Jack in the Box.  Nothing worse, nothing better.  Tough to access this location with a big truck and trailer though.  Pretty small parking area.
Aloha:
I have eaten Pete's since I was 6 month old 1951, it has not changed a bit. One of the last drive inn's in any where. Red & White glaring out in the hot Arizona night. It is the one thing I will always do when visiting Phoenix. The Mesa store is probably the nicest and busiest.
Monster Burgers Rule.

Was back in Foenix last week  still the "ono grinds"

LetS help the one and two star Yelper's  If you grew up with Walboy and Ladmo you understand..
Pete's is one of those places I don't understand.  Growing up in Mesa, AZ, Pete's has a loyal and fanatical following.

I'm not sure why.  The fish is about as processed as you can imagine (rectangular squares of fish-like material).  The shrimp and "crabettes" are even worse.  

The only reason I can think of eating at Pete's is that you might want to relive the experience of bad junior high school cafeteria food (and my school had better food than Pete's).

Still, the place packs them in, and does a land office business, so I guess there is no accounting for taste...
Being a Phoenix native, I almost felt embarassed that I only ate at Pete's for the first time seven years ago. 
I had gotten back from England and was trying to recreate the orgasmic fish and chips experience I had there. Pete's was around the corner from my complex and after all, I DID see so many  of those "I'm Addicted to Pete's Fish & Chips" bumper stickers all around Tempe. I had to try it.

I ordered the two fish combo, and my reaction was...what the..?..are they serious? 

1.) The "chips" suuuuck. No salt, overcooked and stiff. I couldn't even eat them. 
2) The two squares of fish I got were alright, but I may as well have gone to Safeway and bought a box of Gorton's fish sticks. 
3.) The red "special sauce".  Wtf? And you have to pay extra if you want tarter? Lame. 
4.) No malt vinegar. Enough said. 

Why there is such a collective hard-on for this place is beyond me. It's a laughably bad example of Fish and Chips.
I agree with two of the other reviewers - this place is horrible.  We ordered fish and shrimp combo.  It was over deep fried and crispy - almost brick like.  I had never seen shrimp so over breaded and cooked that you don't recognize it as shrimp underneath.

The monster burger was ok, nothing special but piled on with so many condiments (that I was not asked if i wanted) that is was dripping like liquid.  

And you have to pay extra for the sauces!!!  What?
Very good fish and chips. Get the shrimp and fish plate. I like the crunch from the square fish. The plate is big enough to split. 

The sauce is really unique and comes with everything. Has a bite to it. Not quite ketchup, not quite cocktail sauce. 

The burgers are greasy and good. They also come with Pete's sauce for the fries. The combo comes with a fried burrito too. That is another good one. 

The onion rings are coated in a corn meal based batter and fried to a good crisp bite.
I'm sorry, I really like Pete's. I only give it 4 stars because they are run down dives and the fries aren't my favorite but I really like the fish and I could practically drink the sauce. It's true that this isn't your typical fish and chips and I think that's why some are disappointed. The coating on the fish is not a batter but has a kind of crumbly, crunchy exterior that happens to really soak up the sauce, which is a good thing. 
It's a dive that's been around since the 40's with a long line of people everyday for lunch and dinner; they must be doing something right!  Just don't expect beer batter halibut for $20, this is inexpensive, tasty, crunchy goodness on a paper plate. 
I know I'm not the only one out there that loves Pete's!  I go there every time I visit Mesa.
Good roast beef. The place can get crowded, but service is pretty fast when they're not.
A really a clean (maybe new?) Arby's.
Excellent roast beef, the Big max is the best. I asked for extra horsey sauce didn't get but 3. Then I realized the roast beef is delicious doesn't need none of of that. Fast drive thru even during high traffic times at noon
You all know KFC. You should be able to walk into a KFC and know how everything is going to taste. It's cookie-cutter food. That can be a comforting thing.

This has been my neighborhood KFC for about 5 years. Every time I've visited this shop, they're out of what I want. Every single time. My order is simple, two lousy pieces of original dark chicken. Their baseline chicken. The very chicken this chain was built upon. I've never been able to walk in to this store and get it. Ever.

The people are usually friendly, the dining area is usually clean, and the service is fairly quick. They just never seem to have their basic food available upon request.

So tonight I tried their new grilled version. Meh. Plus, the macaroni and cheese chain-wide has at some time changed. I'm not a fan of this new mac/cheese recipe.
I thought should i even review this place? but the loving public needs to know I hit the drive thru window after a long day at work(are'nt they all) I ordered the 8 pc w/ the usuall sides in this case mash potatos w /gravy mmmmmmm gravy /coleslaw when i got home  I opened  the bucket ,at the bottom of the bucket were 8 sad pieces of chicken the 2wings and 3legs looked like they were from a piegon based on there size 2 small breast  and 1 thigh .......and i guess i got the new grilled chicken not the original or xtra crispy not that i was asked .....it was'nt terrible but for 18bucks I think i could have gone to albertsons and got better looking chicken w all the sides for alot less.
ok i went there again in a rush need something quick hit the drive thru the sandwich was of course chicken w/lettace and tomato the person working at the drive thru window informed me this location does not offer tomatos wtf fine give me the fricken chicken sandwich w/out the frigin tomato .......................................UNBELIVEABLE
I love good fried chicken. You know that juicy steaming bird that you can not put in your face fast enough? 

Well this unfortunately is not it!! I wrote a review a while back about this place and I guess the yelp gods decided to remove it for some reason but oh well. The sad thing is this chain used to be a lot better but seems to be trying to cut corners just to squeeze out a few extra dollars of profit. Little do they realize that people are starting to make or seek out real food.

Speaking of the food here the quality has gone way down. Where they once took pride in what they offered now the focus seems to be on how can we top the double down sandwich? How about replacing dry, over cooked meat that in some cases looked burned and tasted like pure salt?  The biscuits here no longer have that rich butter flavor they used to, instead they were cold and hard like hockey pucks. Seriously is it to much to ask for fresh chicken and food that is hot? I don't think it is. But maybe the coronal just gave up the battle, and moved his troops out of the chicken war. The only problem is we are the ones that have to suffer though nasty fake grilled chicken and brown jello aka gravy.

Not me!! Time to start making my own I guess

R.I.P  KFC
When I get food here, well anywhere. I always special order things. Due to food allergies and things like that. They always get it right and have never shorted me on food. Which is a bonus. The chicken is surprising better then other KFC. If you get a famous bowl you get actual chicken strips inside of those ugly chicken balls. I would give it 5 stars but the staff isn't very social.
I HATE YOU ! YOU RUINED MY LIFE !   Well , i was that angry that the second time i went to this location for pot pie, they were out (second time they said machine died) so got the breast meal.. got it home and received the 2  meals both breasts were definitely sitting around for a few hours..just vile..$11 wasted on crap.

my advise LOOK ELSEWHERE
I have visited this store twice and BOTH times they were out of extra crispy recipe....ok you advertize that you have it you would think that at dinner time you would make sure that it is available... I know it is popular so I would think you would keep it up. Next the macaroni was mush, I asked for corn on cob.. they no longer have it? and the biscuits were nothing but raw flour dough in the center!!  pay attention ppl! you are serving the public.. although I realize this store is on the border of Apache Junction.... it's no excuse !!!!
They need to lay off the ice. More than 3/4 of my drink was full to the top of ice. Two sips and you're done. Is it worth 7 bucks for a crappy meal? Nope!
It's nice to have a Chinese restaurant so close to the residential areas in Chandler.  However, this particular location does not ever have anything for vegetarians.  I've been consistently disappointed and would rather drive to a "real" Chinese place a few miles away.
There are plenty of vegetable only dishes at Panda Express and this is no different than any other location. Check it out in 2010.

Constistently fresh and flavorful.

Also today 3-10-10 - free coupon for Honey Walnut Shrimp
http://www.pandaexpress.com/px/Facebook/HoneyWalnutShrimp_Wed031010.html
This is by far the WORST Panda Express on this side of the country! I live down the street from here so the supposed convenience is why I even bother going back. Anyways, the service is slow, let me repeat S-L-O-W! They are always out of at least 3 entrees at any given time. To make matters worse when they do over cook they let the food stay in the heaters until it literally cooks to death and then they have the nerve to try to serve up that dried up crap! You have to literally tell them you want a fresh entre otherwise they will give you that crap that has been sitting out for God knows how long. Save yourself the headache and time and only come to this Panda if you must indeed eat Panda cuisine.  Oh yeah customer service? Pfff what's that? They will not bother to say "hello" nor tell you how long it will take for the chow mein and fried rice to be ready, so you're just standing in line waiting- looking like an idiot. SMH!
Its Panda Express, what did you expect. If the food is fresh then its good. I was not very impressed with this particular location as the service is not good and the food seems to always be old. Just go somewhere else unless you are desperate for chewy orange chicken.
I recently just went to Panda Express for the first time this past week. It was actually the first time i have ever had Chinese food. I figured it was about time to try this place everyone chats about. I called up a buddy of mine and he was delighted to go with me, he already loves this place. With his high and mighty talk about their delicious food, i got my hopes up!
   When i entered the store it was nice, clean, and organized. The cook was quick to help figure out what i wanted to eat. They had various items to choose from all across the store. I finally settled with orange chicken and fried rice. I picked some simple things for my first try. Although i did try some sort of noodle and a different kind of chicken from my friend. It was surprisingly tasteful! The orange chicken had a sort of different taste that left my tummy fulfilled. 
   Before leaving i decided that Chinese food was not all that terrible as i pictured. The food was wonderful, although i felt the chicken was too spicy for my taste, i still enjoyed the experience. I would not say it is my preferred food place to go but at least i can now say I have tried it.
I love Panda Express and have always had great experiences at every other location. However this location is by far the worst I've ever been to. Many people I know feel the same. The restaurant is clean and the service is sufficient, but the food is very rarely fresh. Obviously you can ask them to make a fresh batch just for you, but this will require you to wait an extra ten minutes. At that point it may not be considered "fast food".
Absolute garbage we went to grab a quick dinner the other night. I ended up with food poisoning and missed work and vacation. I will never return to this location again!
Unfortunately, this establishment is the worst Panda I have been to. They had only one server/cashier at 6pm for the dinner rush. On top of that, the guy barely spoke English and had several issues when ordering. :( sad.
Good fresh and hot fried chicken. Great new chicken sandwiches Strawberry shortcake should not be missed.
Best one we have found. This location on AZ Ave in Chandler has a lot of traffic. It's a good-sized store w/ lots of tables. Because they seem to have a lot of customers, I think that may be why the chicken is fresh and hot and not shriveled and old. The biscuits, too, are not overcooked. They are moist and soft and yummy. Most of the personnel here aren't that friendly, however. Only one really friendly, smiley guy. Just so you know. Customer service isn't a huge thing here, but at least the chicken and biscuits are fresh and moist.
For a commercially processed meal it's not too bad. I like their spicy greasy chicken from time to time. Their new biscuits are pretty delicious as well. And they're sweet tea hits the spot. Everything else though just doesn't please the senses nor does the dirty tables. I would like to give this place three stars because I will eventually eat churches chicken again but for the 45 minutes that me, my buddy & our kids were dining there no one bothered to clean the joint.
I heard from a friend that Church's sells fried okra.  Being from the south, it is an arduous journey finding okra of any kind in Central Arizona (Lee Lee Market carries fresh okra).  So, off we went to Church's.  I tend to eat mostly vegetarian, so I had a huge serving of fried okra (7.5 out of 10), some delicious cole slaw (10 out of 10), some biscuits (10 out of 10), and some corn on the cob (6 out of 10).  My family ate a lot of chicken and they said it was excellent (9 out of 10).  I will say the Dr. Pepper tasted mostly like sugar water (being from Texas, Dr. Pepper has to taste just right) - almost no flavor.  Service was very, very good.  The restaurant was very clean with lots of clean places to sit and eat.  Overall, an excellent choice for an inexpensive meal out.
It has been some time since I had patronage Churches Chicken and now I remember why. I ordered the chicken strips, fries and a drink. I ordered a mixture of original chicken and spicy chicken. Well, to be honest it was all bland, that was the taste I remembered and why I had not been back. Too bad!
if I could give them a 4.5, I would.
looking at previous reviews, I see a vegetarian eating there???and someone talking about the smiling guy.
Look, this is about chicken, that feeling you get when you crave fried chicken, I know it well.
This ain't no K-Fry, it's man chicken...I usually order the leg and thigh special and devour it, box and all!
The crust is delicious, chicken tender, service is fast food at its best.
Suggestion, order the bombers to set the stage for the chicken to go down.
Beware, this chicken is addictive.
Horrible service!!! I had to WAIT...when there only were two people ahead of me. Got my food, went home and was shorted 2 items. I called & the guy said he could give me 2 extra biscuits and a family size okra. REALLY??? for wasting my time and gasoline. REALLY??? I did go back the next day and...WAITED & WAITED. This is the crappiest service ever! I occasionally enjoy the food but I will definitely check my order before I leave, IF I go back to that location. These employees have no sense of priority, BIG PERIOD.
I love their chicken, that's why I'll give them a star. Horrible service. I waited for about 45 minutes until I was helped in the drive through. There were only five cars and I had to wait around 20 minutes to finally get my order taken and some girl said, give me a sec and I said that's fine. 20 minutes later again, I waited, there was no cars in front of me. I was so angry I just drove to their window and finally they took my order. Can't believe how rude they were. She didn't even say sorry and that's all I wanted was an apology. Best believe, I will never be coming back.
Ok, so it's a Jack in the Box - I'm not exactly expecting Alton Brown to be flipping burgers.  However, this specific Jack in the Box seems to constantly be running in slow motion.  Since they are open 24/7, it's a great late night drive through spot, and most of my experience is with the drive through.  I don't think that I have ever waited for less than 10-15 minutes from ordering to getting my food.  Even if there are cars in front of me in line, I still end up sitting at the window for at least 5 minutes.  It's like the staff there runs in slow motion.  Of course, when you do get it, the food is hot, which is one of the reasons I keep going back.  I would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy.  Even going inside is like entering a time warp.  The last time I went inside, I waited for 15 minutes before my order was taken.  There was one other customer inside the restaurant.  I then waited for another 10 for my value meal.  At once point a server did offer me a free shake for the wait, but by that time I was almost done eating, and really didn't have another 15 minutes to spare for them to make the shake.  As far as Jack in the Box's go, this one is pretty sad, but they are saved by being about the only 24/7 drive through in this area.
Door clearly says drive-thru open 24 hours and lobby till midnight. Drove up at 10:30 and was told the lobby was closed...lame...
This is literally the worst mcdonald's I have ever gone to. In the last week I went to separate times to get an iced coffee before work in the morning. Only to be told that their machine is down for cleaning. Just a hint....AZ is hot at 6:30am and choosing to clean your coffee machines at 6 in the morning is ridiculous....... most people drink coffee when???? THE MORNING!!!
It was an ok restaurant, but the service wasn't that great, they didn't pay attention to the customers and one of their machines is broken... which was supposedly also broken in another review.
Service here is SLOW.
What purpose is two drive thrus if they can't efficiently maintain one?
This is the worst McD's we ever been and the slowest. Took them over 15 min to get our food and there weren't even busy. There were couple of other people waiting for their food and seem like they were pissed too because of the slow service and lack of care. There were bunch of young kids working there goofing around. Manager was there but didn't seem to care. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!
Last time I went they put way too much salt on my fries. Felt like my mouth was burning :-/
Sonic. Never had it until I went to AZ. 

So..they have everything. Burgers, sandwiches, wraps, coneys (what?), salads, smoothies, breakfast items, a billion sides, desserts, and numerous beverage choices.

Everyone raves about the tater tots, so I ordered them. Yeah, they were....tater tots....a lot of...tater tots. Don't get me wrong, they were good, but....they were tater tots.

I think the Cherry Limeade is where it's at. I'm a sucker for the little marachino cherries in my beverages. Reminds me of "kiddie cocktails." The peach tea is also delicious, as is the slushes.

There's one thing I didn't understand about this place: They sell bags of ice through the drive-thru. Now, someone help me out....Is that standard for all Sonics? Or, is it because it's Arizona and it's 19,000 degrees? Just curious.
Five stars for a fast food place? Hell yea. This is pretty much the only fast food place (other than In-N-Out) that people actually like instead of eating at strictly for convenience. (That said, it's still fast food.)
You can either drive thru, order in your car, or eat outside on picnic style tables. The kids meals make for a great snack (who doesn't like a free toy?) and the coneys are ahead of their time as far as AZ is concerned.
The real killer, of course, is the huge variety of drinks, slushies, etc. If you go during happy hour you can get a whole crowd of people large drinks for just a couple of bucks.
Don't go expecting fantastic food, but do go in lieu of just about any other fast food place.
Yuck!  I swear I used to love the grilled cheese sandwhich and tater tots.  The food has just been disgusting the last 3 times I went.  I will NOT be going back.  The grilled cheese has hardly any cheese in it.  Texas toast with a butter smearing amount of cheese between the two slices.  The tater tots taste cold and stale like they have been sitting around for hours.  Ick.
This sonic wasn't too far from my mother's in chandler so I came here a few times for cold drinks to get me thru the heat.  Both their flavored lemonades and ice cream drinks were excellent!
There aren't a lot of places around here that are open past 10 pm but this chain is.  So one evening when I was out late and had eaten a late lunch and wasn't hungry at a normal dinner time, I stopped in here after 11-ish for a bite. 

 I got a Foot Long Chili Dog special for $2.99 (with onions), a small Tater Tots,  a small cherry slushie, and a small coffee to save and reheat in my motel room the next mornig.  That cheap hot dog was delicious. The Tater Tots were freakin' awesome!  And I don't even like Tater Tots.  But these were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just enough oil to help it crunch with a wonderful texture.

 I got my cholesterol and calories and sodium quotients  in for the next month in one simple trip.  Ouila!
Open till' very late at night, how could I complain? If I want a root beer float late at night, I can come here and share a banana split while I'm at it. There are tons of things on the menu and they have a happy hour.
Always good hamburgers, fries, and ice cream treats.
I know Sonic isn't a typical fast food place - you never go inside - but still, the employees need to be a little more cognizant of the fact that we can still see what you are doing.

Stopped there for lunch today and was parked in a stall right outside the door. I watched (after I had received and eaten my food) one of the guys that works there bring a bag of trash outside and set it down by the door. Then I watched as he went and got another bag and did the same thing. Not a minute later, he came out the door with a tray of food in his hands to deliver to a car. Hmmmm... enough time to wash your hands or no?

Also, why put the trash right by the door instead of taking it to the dumpster? Which was a few feet away, and he's on roller skates! It's not like he even had to walk there.

Right before I left, I watched a girl come out and walk right by the two bags of trash to go have a cigarette. Where she proceeded to stand right next to the dumpster. Hello? Take the trash with you maybe? 

The food was good - no complaints there. But still - do something about the health and safety aspect of this place.
Now, I will warn you and say that I have yet to experience every menu item this Sonic has to offer, but I CAN tell you that their route 44 oz diet vanilla cokes are the best I have ever had. I have also had a shake and the cinna stacks. The shake was blegh and not super worth it, but the cinnastacks were ah-may-zing. So, so good. Salivating over here, people. Don't make my same mistake and find the cream cheese frosting after eating all the cinnastacks.... my one complaint: they put the frosting at the bottom of the bag. 

Be sure to go between 2 and 4 and you get 1/2 off your drinks, but I s-w-e-a-r that they take off more than that. 5 stars forever! Also, you don't lose the consistency with this franchise--- the location is as sketchy as ever and certainly adds to the drive-in charm!
Every time I come here they mess something up. Whether it be medium instead of large, everything instead of plain, regular fries when I ask for curlies, this place does it all. Do not come here if you can help it.
how can you dislike Jack? If you are coming here, you shouldn't expect 5-star dining. I got what I wanted, hot, and quick.
Stopped by for late night taco's. Service seemed good very friendly. Got home pulled out tacos and there was a brown liquid all over the outside wrap to the tacos. It looked like something had spilled all over them. I pulled out the tacos and they were full of grease. I took them back and showed them and said this is what happens when you re-fry. And she agreed. Asked if I wanted new ones. Got a refund. In the back I see a guy making new ones. I made a comment. She asked again if I wanted new ones. Still took the refund. Told her she was lucky I did not take pics to send to there corporate office. Disgusting!
This Jack in the Box location has the worst service & food that I have found in the Phoenix metro area. Every time I have gone through the drive through there my order has either been wrong or inedible - how hard is it to make a taco without frying it into oblivion? The wait times are consistently more than 5 minutes...I think I will be spending that 5 minutes driving to another location, just to get the correct order & food that is properly prepared.
Quick, courteous and tasty, this Jack in the Crack delivers every time. Courtney at the drive through window is always pleasant and excited to provide the delicious goods, and with the best menu variety in the fast-food game, you can always find something to please the palate and the pocketbook. Never been disappointed going to this location and after yet another successful trip tonight, I doubt I ever will. Solid 4 stars, which ain't bad at all considering it is the restaurant known in the 90s for killing all those kids with E. Coli.
So, yesterday morning, I actually had a prego craving.  I was in the mood for a smoothie for breakfast.  My traditional early morning oatmeal or yogurt breakfast was not going to do.  Baby wanted something else.  

I head on over to this Jack-in-the Box, which is close to work.  I pull up, order my strawberry banana smoothie, and am promptly told that the "machine is broken".  Uh...well that sucks!  I pull up to the window and the person tells me that the machine is leaking (at least I think that's what he said).  But would be about 10 minutes and it would be up and running.  

Now knowing the smoothie issues I had this morning, I dont think that the machine was broken.  The product just wasnt ready yet.
Yes, I was craving a burger at 10 in the morning. I went to the McDonalds across the street first just becaused I was heading east. When the gentleman came over the intercom I could hear some snickering and laughter; that made me happy. I like people to enjoy their job. When I ordered a burger he told me they weren't serving lunch yet. I said "okay, thanks then" but as I drove past the window I felt stared at like "who wants a burger at 10am?" Young punk... I crossed the street, and at the JITB intercom I asked, "Can I get a burger right now?" The man responded, "You can have whatever you like." I ordered, and when I pulled up to the window was greeted by a genuine smile and he asked me. "How was your service today?" Awesome. I will never go back to McDonald's.
One of the better Jack in the Boxs I've been to.  Cool staff, okay drive through and the price is generally right whatever your budget.  I am just sorry they scrapped he eat and earn program.
Jack in the box is very similar to Burger King quality for probably a much cheaper price.  The fries, very much like BK, were actually delicious, but the burger was probably the worst fast food burger I've ever had.  There were also a few homeless people hanging out inside this restaurant and trying to hit us up for change.
One of my 'go to' spots for a quick lunch.  Most of the time I go through the drive thru, but I occasionally dine in.  The restaurant is very clean and has a lot of space.  If there's a long line at the drive thru, I recommend parking and going inside.

Some menu items I've had:

Big Cheeseburger, $1.59
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-3?select=nZV9TeQ-g5bqKvhE8nMNQg#nZV9TeQ-g5bqKvhE8nMNQg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-3?select=p5X4CNgPnwWYg1lXnX6UYg#p5X4CNgPnwWYg1lXnX6UYg

Ultimate Cheeseburger combo w/Med Curly Fries, $7.48
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-3?select=3lneHJ4Gr2nBP5CBu3z1cw#3lneHJ4Gr2nBP5CBu3z1cw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-3?select=kh1SBdDpTUmLDFbBOSCk2w#kh1SBdDpTUmLDFbBOSCk2w
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-3?select=t11vHdHwkpL7jNxqHKYcsA#t11vHdHwkpL7jNxqHKYcsA

Bonus Jack, $2.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-3?select=ygPG5tBTlWA48tt8gCL0pg#ygPG5tBTlWA48tt8gCL0pg

Taco
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-3?select=jIom11tDaKUrNONF7fALMA#jIom11tDaKUrNONF7fALMA

Chicken Nuggets, $2.50
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-3?select=nG8DF-7AZFpyybSdZREYOA#nG8DF-7AZFpyybSdZREYOA

Most of the time I order the Big Cheeseburger, which is only $1.59.  When I'm really hungry, I'll get the Ultimate Cheeseburger and Fries.  When they have the Bonus Jack available (it's a limited time specialty item), I'll order that.  It's fast food, so it's not a gourmet taste experience.

During one visit, it took them too long to make my order, so they decided to throw in a Taco for me as a bonus item...I think their Tacos are gross.  There was a homeless guy sitting in the restaurant taking a break from the summer heat, so I gave it to him....he was really appreciative of it.

Return Factor - 80%
Good place; however I just found out they got rid of the breakfast bowl. BRING IT BACK!!!!
Dec. 18th ordered 3 sourdough burgers all tasted like they were made 2 hrs prior to being bagged for us. $15.00. Use to go every now and then... Not again.
After a busy morning, what with work, a sporty little run along the canal (good news...no floating bodies and no one jumping out of the bushes, trying to decapitate me this morning...yay!) and all the other attendant details of my life, I needed to get retoxed for a busy afternoon!

And today, with time being in short supply, I turned to my background in mathematics and science and revised the question of "how should I retox?" to "what is the most toxic thing I can eat for lunch and survive?"

The answer, my friends, is the Double Down from KFC!

Like all of you, I am a sucker for a well executed television commercial...and KFC's ad for this one has it all...large, beefy men eating a Double Down and admiring the "no bun/all meat" approach to sandwiching...nubile young women looking at them consuming said Double Down in a demur, yet admiring fashion...the subliminal messages that flash for a millisecond or so and implant the KFC craving so deep in our brains that it resides right next to religion and sexual preference in the subcortex...a completely "hindbrain" event...off I went!

The Double Down appeals to the 400 pounder living in all of us...double "bacon", wrapped in double "cheese", surrounded by double "chicken" (I use quotes around those words because I'm pretty sure that no actual pigs or chickens were harmed in order for me to have lunch...and the "cheese" was, well, let's just call it "petroleum based cheese-like food product").

http://tinyurl.com/67lxpl

The smiling men of the KFC lunch shift greeted me as I walked in and I had my Double Down and Diet Coke (HAHAHAHA...I know...Diet Coke) about 12 seconds after I paid for it.

It was as advertised...2 pieces of chicken (with no pesky bones to slow down your munching and gnashing), the bacon and cheese and some sort pinkish mayo in a wax paper wrapper.

The chicken part of the sandwich could have used either another minute or 2 in the fryer or a minute or 2 less in the warming trays...the breading was either under cooked or over greased (the fact that it was difficult to determine tells you pretty much everything you need to know about the quality of the "sandwich").

It just wasn't very good...and I didn't see any attractive young ladies gazing at me admiringly as I hoovered down this little gullet greaser.

540 calories (not that I watch that), 32 grams of fat (or lube, as I like to think of it), 1380 milligrams of sodium (I've seen salt licks back on the the cattle ranch with less than that) and 11 grams of dietary fiber (more lube).

The science behind this "sandwich" says I should typing this from the great beyond right now...but the sweet balance of my life...the detox/retox...the yin and the yang, all combine to keep me safe and reasonably healthy!

But don't try this at home...I am a trained professional!
Michael is the store manager for this location. I have passed through this KFC for the last 12 years about once every 8 weeks. I enjoy the grilled chicken and the chicken tenders. I am not interested in any of their side dishes as they do not taste authentic to me. Michael when I was I went through drive-thru made me some fresh chicken tenders that were fresh and juicy. The customer service is excellent during the day but during the dinner hour this is a place - stay clear of as it is a different shift of people and Michael is not there after mid afternoon so the control is gone. Great chicken better than LoLo's.
Beware of Brandi!!!! She is the Rudest and Most Unfriendly employee I have come across in many years.  She carries the biggest "I could care less about the customer attitude" possible.  Before I could even order my 2nd item she turned he back on me and started packing the first item I ordered.  When I asked a question about ordering wings pcs. She was very short and snappy with her response. When asked a follow up question she answered "that's the way it is NOW" It was as if she was a robot on an assembly line screwing nuts on a bolt. While still trying to complete my order and talking to her, she begins taking an order from a drive- through customer and ignoring me.  Note: The restaurant was not busy.

As a result of her, I decided pay for the one item and leave. I did not ordering the other chicken items, sides, and desserts I normally order when I do take out from KFC. Todays' check was only 14.00 I usually spend over 40.00 at this location for takeout. 

I then went down the street to Church's Chicken to complete my order.  I prefer KFC's food but the service was much better at Church's. 

She alone is reason enough for me not to return to this location.
Stopped on my way to work and it was pretty tasty.  Got the new chicken littles and they were pretty good!  The service was fast and friendly!!
For fast food I like KFC in general (grilled chicken). This location for some time now seems to hire the most inept of retards. I'm not sure why it takes twice as long to be served here and why the orders almost always seem to be missing an item. I've ventured inside a time or two and it must be the dirtiest KFC in Arizona. Dammit I want a real KFC near my house!
Maybe it's me, but I've had the worst luck with customer service at EVERY KFC I go to.. Hawaii was a joke, but I can't figure out what location it was to write a review! 
Anyways, this KFC is probably the next worst with customer service. This little brunette woman was the worst! I had to repeat my order like 5 times and I could hear her laughing and talking with another employee through the speaker so she kept having to ask me "what was that?" with a rude attitude. I finally pulled up to the window to place my order face to face. She then went to repeat my order that I just told her, and things were still wrong! Seriously?! At least my finally correct order was edible. 1 star for service and 2 stars for the food.. #blah
My boyfriend wanted KFC so I took him to this location because it was the one closest to us. Well we went through the drive thru and there was only one car ahead of us, we waited 20 minutes until the car in front finally got their food and left. I was a little pissed because we went through the drive thru for a reason, for fast service! So, when I pulled up to the window, This girl (red head) was frantically trying to get our order together and the people's behind us. I then saw another employee (dark hair) just standing there, texting on her cell phone! She was just letting this poor girl handle all the orders and food herself. I think they should fire that girl that was screwing around on her phone because there are plenty of people who need a job and will actually work too. My boyfriend yelled through the window "get off your phone and help her" but the girl just looked at us, walked away and continued to use her damn phone. Not professional at all, please fire her.
I am beginning to think my colleague and I are jinxed when it comes to the 2 of us going to lunch together.  Just went here to grab a quick bite - or so I though it was going to be quick.  

3 people working at this location.  1 person manning the register and trying to fill orders.  What the other 2 people were doing, I have no clue.  But they sure werent helping the lady out.
Yes it's fast food, basic customer service is expected but this location sucks.  The drive through kept having me repeat my order so I just went inside which took forever as well.  Try to avoid.
Worst experience ever!!! Sign at the Drive Thru was not lit up so we went in only to wait 30 min in line. Did I mention we were the 2nd people in line. They ran out of almost everything by 6:30pm and when we showed our digital coupon to add 1pc to our 8pc meal, they said it had to be printed out!!! Had I known this, I could have driven home in the 30 min I was in line. Oh, and I'm still here waiting for my order. NEVER again.
Went to the drive thru ordered a bunch of chicken and a bunch of chicken strips etc. Go up and pay then afterwards she tells me oh we need to cook chicken strips it's going to be 7 minutes. I think she should have mentioned that before she ran my card, but either way I pull over and wait. 10 minutes later I go inside and ask for a refund. Then after he refund the money on my card he tells me the chickens ready do I wanna buy it. I have a teething baby screaming in the car and was so frustrated that I just said no thank you and left. I don't mind you running out of chicken strips but be honest about the time frame and at least give me the opportunity when I'm ordering it to opt out.
Terribly slow service (especially drive through) and they're always running out of things.
My favorite thing about this Tokyo Express is that when I see it from my car, I know I have almost arrived to El Molino, which is right around the corner. 

Oh, so back to the point, Tokyo Express is ok. I mean, I guess you have to be really trying to screw up a chicken teriyaki bowl, but the mere fact that they have the wherewithal to identify that as their specialty scores them some points so far as I'm concerned. 

As for the sushi, I haven't gone there, but I have a sneaking feeling that I don't want to. I haven't heard anything to support or contradict that sentiment, I'm just being honest. I feel like ordering sushi here would be the equivalent of ordering beef tar tare at McDonald's. They carry the ingredients, but I wouldn't recommend it. 

For a quick chicken teriyaki bowl and a soda for less than eight bucks, look no further.
I'm craving this right now.  I want my Ahi Tuna with veggies and brown rice.  SO Freaking good.  Or maybe I'll splurge and get an Oyako with chicken egg and onion with that yummy sauce over brown rice, or is that the Katsu bowl?  I get the names confused but they are both good in case I order the wrong thing. 

While my friend is a huge fan of the Terriaki Lite bowl, I can honestly say I've never really had their terriaki bowl.  It's just not my thing, but I will say if you get the Terriaki Lite it's all white meat.  

My friend and I used to go there for lunch and get their combos, which while more expensive than burger fast food - are SO much better.  Rather than "would you like fries with that" you get like 6 different options including edemame (her choice), california rolls (My choice) and a side salad with ginger dressing.  And then your choice of drink includes green tea - my fav - with free refils of course.  During the lunch hour they are always playing classical music.  How cool is that?  

Final bonus - they have a drive through.  Healthy (ish) food on the go is awesome.  And what takes this from a 4 to a 5 stars for me.  

Well....that and I'm craving some right now.
This place is just plain nasty. I tried it once and it was so bad that I took a couple bites and threw it out. Fast forward a year or so- I was in the hood, in a hurry for lunch and craving Japanese but needed something quick so thought I would give it another try. Nope, bad idea. Got it to go, went back to the office, took a bite and in the trash it went again. I lived in Japan for years and travel there frequently still. I don't expect this to be up to the standards of what I could get there but I've had school cafeteria Japanese food that certainly beat this.
They recently remodeled and put in a new sushi bar at this place.  Some people are hesitant walking into a "rice bowl" place and ordering sushi.  I always was, until they added this bar.  It inspired me to try  their sushi.  I liked it.  

There is a combo that I always get.  Its a shrimp tempura roll (5 pieces), a spicy salmon (or tuna) roll (8 pieces), small side salad, cup of miso soup and I usually throw a drink on top of that.  I'm out the door stuffed for 10 bucks.  I have had this meal 3 times there in the past 3 weeks and I enjoy it every time.  Its absolutle the perfect place if you want to grab a quick bite of sushi on your own or don't feel like dealing with the sushi restaurant crowd.
I have been eating at Tokyo Express since I was teeny tiny.  My fam used to go a few times a week.  It's still the same and still as good.  I have tried alot of the items on the menu.  I like the regular terriyaki, the tokyo chicken, the sukiyaki, and the bentos.  The bento boxes are a ton of food for only about 7 or 8 bucks. I would definitely recommend this place for to-go japanese or a quick rice bowl lunch.
I've eaten at this location at least 10-12 times and have never been disappointed.  The fact that it's been in business so long (early 80's?) certainly says something.  It definitely has that outdated, whitewashed decor with bad fake plants and too much lighting, but the food is solid, fast Japanese and is reasonably priced.  I also like the fact that they have a drive-thru.

I've tried a number of items on the menu including the Sushi combos, chicken/noodle salads and the low carb entrees w/ all veggies and no rice,  however, the last few times I've ordered the Bento Box B.  It offers a nice combination of flavors and satisfies my need for variety and spice.  Served in a somewhat traditional style bento box, it includes Thai Beef Salad (very noticeable heat factor), Teriyaki Chicken, steamed rice/mixed veggies, inside-out California Roll, edamame and a small egg roll which is either pork or beef.  I would also recommend Bento Box A which includes Yakiniku Beef w/ Cabbage, steamed rice/mixed veggies, Teriyaki Chicken, green salad w/ ginger dressing, edamame and an egg roll.  If I'm in the S. Scottsdale area and hungry for lunch, I will usually stop here.
Reached home with my order and it was the opposite of what I requested.  Called them and they simply told me that I ordered wrong.  I paid good money for something I could not eat.  Since when is chicken and a bowl full of white rice Teryaki Lite...  Ok, no time to go back - as they were not going to make it right anyway.  Tried to eat it... Chicken was dry as cardboard, and rice was a sticky mess.  Never again.

Save your money.
I love their teriyaki rice bowls. I don't eat Sushi so I have no opinion about that. Great place for a quick lunch or dinner.
I've been going to Tokyo Express for the last 15 years or so, and it's always been amazing. There's something about their teriyaki chicken that just beats everybody else's.
Pretty healthy fare for not much cash.
I have been to Tokyo Express a couple of times.  I value authentic ethnic food, and this seems like an Americanized fast food joint.  I do have to say this is a step above a Panda Express.  I have tried the teriyaki chicken with white meat and sushi.  I will never get sushi here because it tasted like the fish was spoiled.  I asked for another serving, and they gave me something else for free instead.  The teriyaki chicken is pretty decent.  I think some of my friends have tried the eel, and they have seemed to enjoy it.

If you want quick Americanized Japanese food, this is a decent place.
Great stuff!  Food is good, drive thru is very convenient and, like it's cousin Eastwind, the sushi is pretty good too.  Definitely a diamond in the rough.  The Bento Boxes are absolutely the way to go.  Plus they serve Pepsi, and I like that better.
This place is not that great. Shogun express has way better chicken teriyaki rice bowls and beyond.
The chicken is what really bothered me here. It was really tough and extremely chewy. And that was the white meat. They're bowls are around 5 bucks which I like, but they're not even filled to the top. 
All in all I came here because Shogun was closed and there aren't any other rice bowl places in Scottsdale that I know of. Eh.
Tokyo Express defined the Quick Service Rice Bowl take out segment a long time ago.  
For over 20 years I have frequented this establishment and been through all of its acquisitions, transitions, growth and downsizing.  One thing remains today: much of what was great is still the same.  The teriyaki sauce is the best (in the early days it was homemade fresh daily), the lemon ginger dressing for the salads should be bottled.
Much of the menu has been duplicated by other similar restaurant concepts and in some cases, done better.  I can agree with the quality of the chicken on the regular rice bowls (dark meat) could be better; rather than raising the prices, lesser quality was chosen which was a shame.
Two decades have allowed me to try everything on the menu and it is all great.  Standard Japanese fare served up quick and hot. Yum.
Maybe its nostalgia but I really love this place and hope it continues to find its niche and endures another 20+ years
Final Rating: 4.9 for consistency for many, many years of quick service and tasty meals; Thank you Tokyo Express.
Was just in tonight and sat at their sushi bar and had the Tootsie Roll platter. Very nice for a fast food joint. Chelsea is the manager, and she's really great, as is the rest of the staff. Gonna have to come back and try something else soon. Plus it's right down the street from my house.
Best fast food Japanese in Arizona - period. Take a look at the locals, we've been going there for 20 years.
Tip - add on a small side salad for 25 cents
I could remember Tokyo Expresses were everywhere in the valley.  I loved their food.  I was surprise to see them around and excited to eat the food again.  We entered the place and it smelled like bleach.  STRONG.  It is ok.  We move to the menu and ordering area.  Everyone picked out their meal.  Ordered and sat down.  We got our food pretty quickly.  I got the Katsu Chicken meal (side sui may and drink).  The sauce in the Katsu was kinda of bland.  I remember the sauce was savory.  The sui may, I am sure was the pre-made frozen kind.  I was hungry so I ate it.
So, I dated a Japanese guy in highschool. His parents owned a Japanese restaurant and I work there busing tables. I got hooked on the food. Tokyo Express has my favorite food on Earth. Well, almost. Their chicken katsu bowl is very close. Although its a bit funny because the real deal is made with pork, which is 'katsu' in Japanese, So their bowl is a 'chicken pork bowl'. LOL
Absolutely, without a doubt, THE GROSSEST excuse for sushi I have ever attempted to consume...
Please, God, remind me the next time that I'm in a hurry and craving sushi, to head to the freakin grocery store!
The rice was oddly wet and smooshed down (I could barely detect that it was rice), the seaweed was mushy, wet and stringy, and my tempura shrimp roll was the size of a woman's fist. 
The whole experience (if one could call it that) was deplorable...
The woman did give me my money back after I took the slop up to the counter, but oh, my God, I can't get that foul taste out of my mouth....
What was I thinking?
Wow, I am surprised at how far this place has gone downhill! I came in here the other night after not being in for a while, and for how dead they were (every time I go in here, the place is dead, so--how are they staying in business?), the service was inexcusably slow. Isn't this supposed to be "fast food"? The manager was unresponsive to my comment to that effect. There was also a cockroach just inside the front door, so maybe the health department should get involved. Also, just yesterday I hit Whole Foods' sushi bar, and for about the same price got a truly fresh product, so I won't be going back into Tokyo anytime soon.
Got my food real fast (Express, I guess). Curry rice was over-spiced, not tasty at all.
For the money.....great job! I don't know what I like more, the option to sub white rice with brown or the spa-like music playing at just the right level. The bamboo shades & slatted seats (however counter-service the place is otherwise) really made this eatery feel relaxing and soft and COOL on a warm day :)
I wasn't sure what my taste buds really wanted that day. I played it safe and ordered something I could compare easily to other restaurants: Teriyaki chicken bowl was tasty & lite. I would have used a bit more sauce, but i tend to do that anyway, so maybe it was par for a good bowl presentation. They offer Bento box, some sushi, lots of veggie and fish options, and a kind approach to service with authentic smiles :)
**Visit was 7/20/12
I went here for lunch disregarding the not so great reviews. When you first get there it's pretty abandoned looking, but once walking inside I was surprised by how many people were there. I thought, "GREAT! the reviews are wrong."

I ordered a las vegas roll and a teriyaki salmon. When I opened my box that help my roll...I was disapointed. The roll was very pale which normally indicates that it wasn't cooked long enough. I still gave it a try, and I could tase the doughy batter. Once I peeled off the outside of the roll I was left with cream cheese, salmon, and rice. The rice wasn't very good either...After about the third "piece" I gave up after my stomach started to hurt. I would not recommend this roll, I would much rather go to RA and spend about the same amount of money on their sushi. 

I haven't eaten the salmon, but from what I was seeing that and the chicken are very popular...Here's hoping when I'm feeling better, they will get an updated review.
Opted to try a noodle soup. Description did not include that shrimp was part of the soup. Sadly, not being able to eat shrimp, my entire to-go order was a waste. No happy belly on this trip.
Love the chicken katsu with the side of curry. They also have carb-free menu options. Most stuff on the menu is less than $10.

The best part : It's a drive thru!! And you don't have to wait that long for your food.
I really like this place for a healthy post gym meal. Its all about the Terriyaki light and if you can afford the calories - the egg rolls are the best i think ive had.
Love this place.  They closed the one by Mesa Community College.  Very disappointing over 10 years ago.  Great authentic dishes and preparation since I've eaten quite a few meals in Japan.  It's cheap and quick.  It will fill you up, but you'll be hungry again sooner than normal.  No alcohol.  Serves different rice and noodle bowls.
Love this place! Been coming here since high school. Chicken Terryaki lite w/ brown rice is the business.
I grew up eating Tokyo Express at the now closed location of 36th st and Thomas.  The food isn't exactly authentic but it was the first sushi I ever had and I still love their California rolls... I still haven't found anywhere that competes with their teriyaki chicken bowl.
Had never eaten here before and I have a list full of food allergies and I was getting some chicken and rice for my dog. I had a lot of questions and the two employees behind the counter answered all of my questions confidently and were kind as well as patient. We got home to find out how delicious everything was! Definitely will be seeing more of me here!
Stopped in for lunch. Ordered a #11 and my girl ordered a #1. Mine tasted good but was a little meh... only rice, chicken, and carrots. Jazz it up a bit! Her teriyaki chicken was good but kinda soy-saucey tasting. Egg rolls were awesome though!   Overall not bad but nothing amazing. Place was clean but kinda outdated and could use sprucing up. Bathrooms were old and beat... toilet in the woman's was cracked lol. specially for Scottsdale!
I had never been into this place before (because let's be honest, it looks a bit sketchy from the outside) but I am so glad my friend Melissa introduced me to it the other day on our lunch break! I had the Teriyaki Chicken combo and also had dumplings. All was good and I plan on going back.
The inconsistency really turned me off eating at this particular location. Sometimes the serving portions were tiny;  the amount of chicken on the teriyaki bowl was meager at best. If you can't even pile on the rice to the rim there is something seriously wrong.
Also, the restaurant is not that clean. Take a look at the infant booster-seat that's available - its filthy! I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like.
Not even for the price was it good food. It wasn't particularly bad it was just meh for the price I have had much better. Don't waste your time here, there are plenty of better places to the north and south that are better and, honestly, worth the money. Save your nickels and dimes and cook at home then go to a real restaurant with the savings.
This place sucks.  Pre packaged or microwaved. I can't tell which. Either way, horrible quality frozen meat. Will never be back.
The idea is great, but the food and atmosphere is mediocre. For some reason, there seems to be an odd lack of lighting here. Oh theres plenty of lights, they just arent all on. Also, wouldnt exactly call the place clean. Bathrooms are gross and the whole place just feels unsanitary. The green color with beige color scheme that they chose doesnt help. 

I was feeling in the mood for something sweet, so I got some cake to go with my sushi. The sushi wasnt anything special, but it wasnt bad. Didnt expect more since I sort of see this place as a Japanese Mcdonalds. The cake, however, was just gross and stale. Should not have been served.
I used to go to Tokyo Express a lot more when I was younger and cared perhaps a little less about the quality and taste of my food then than my wallet. I still have the occasional desire a few times a year to go and the quality is nothing amazing but I've never gotten sick from their food. The decor is a little drab and probably hasn't changed in over a decade but not dreadful either. Never seen more than one or two customers when I go. The sushi is "so so" but I find their chicken teriyaki and my favorite dish the Oyako bowl (white meat chicken with egg and onion) very good. A place to good if you're running short on cash, don't want to eat home buy can't afford one of the good sushi places nearby.
I've always been a fan of Tokyo Express but was disappointed when I returned from a long blank in patronage to find that the portions had decreased. Not much change in pricing but an obvious decrease in the portions. I guess everyone is compensating in every way they can. The food was still good and as I remember it.
This place is slightly scary... Food in cases as soon as you walk in looks horrid... I got a veggie dish that wasn't horrible but I won't be back.  One vegetarian option only and the place just has a sad run down feel to it....
As Arby's go, this one is a bit above the rest. The manager clearly keep s a positive work environment which means people actively doing their job and making a pleasant experience for the customers. The food is always on that "pretty good" side of what fast food can be.
This Arby's is one if e cleanest I have seen.
I could have had gelato. 
The G-Spot is also on the way home. I could have had a lot of other things but I was just too lazy to get out of the car.
The Beautiful Carin and I were on our way home last night. 
We attended the terrific Yelp event at La Bocca. I grabbed a biscotto (singular for biscotti) on the way out (delightful...crispy and chocolaty with sweet anise finish) and I really should have been satisfied with that, but Noooooooo! I had to have something else. That turned out to be DQ on Scottsdale Road. 
If you happen to be going north on Scottsdale Road, you can't successfully "drive through" this DQ unless you successfully "jump the median curb" and "avoid a head on collision"...all possible with all wheel drive, so I was good to go on that front, however, I arrived at the speaker to place my order in a slightly less relaxed state than I had anticipated. So I was less inclined to be forgiving when I ordered a waffle cone and heard my confirmation come back as "&&^&*^~%^^%%$@~%&@%*~^(&(@&(~@^~*^@^@^~*@^". It could have been that they were saying "yes sir, we will have that cone ready for you at the window", but we'll never know.
Got my cone ($2.50), and it was already drippy...I know, I know, it's soft serve (that's what she said:), but still, I expect it to maintain a somewhat frosty and cohesive state, and wait until I get out of the drive through before it falls on  my lap. But, I suppose it tasted OK (the part I got to eat instead of wear).
So, dripping cone in hand, we now get to try to successfully leave the drive through at DQ and return to our northbound heading...good luck! We were again fortunate that we have all wheel drive, because the driveway is steep enough to be labeled "curb" in most jurisdictions. 
We bounced out into traffic and now needed to make it across 3 lanes of southbound traffic, make a u-turn across the median and negotiate the northbound traffic flow...with one hand!
I was saved by 2 things:
I spent part of my youth rodeo-ing (bareback bronc's) and I spent a considerably longer time racing (sports and formula cars). So, even with reflexes and visual acuity dulled by age, I was able to safely negotiate all of the hazards encountered trying to "drive through" DQ.
I could have had a cookie.
The ice cream stains came right out:)
My cone was not drippy at all tonight, and it had way more ice cream than usual.  This Donald S guy must be crazy!  He is right about the entrance/exit debacle, however.
Kinda over priced but always taste good.
Incompetence is becoming an epidemic.  Last time I went there, I asked for a large chocolate oreo cookie blizzard.  1 mile down the road I realize they put chocolate cookie dough in it.  Then tonight, I asked for the same thing and they repeat back to me "1 large blizzard with oreo cookie dough."  I said, "NO...you did that last time and you ruined it.  I want oreo cookie."  Again, she repeated with cookie dough.  What part of oreo cookie has the word dough in it?!  Finally, some other guy gets on and he does the same thing.  OR-E-O  COOKIE.  Does this have the word dough in it??  NO, what the F*** is the problem?  Same thing, 1 mile down the road, I realized they made it with vanilla ice cream this time instead of chocolate.
Don't plan to eat here because they have very little seating, but if you want a Blizzard, a Dilly Bar, a soft serve cone, or an Orange Julius to ward off the triple digit heat of a Scottsdale summer, this is a good place to go.

If you want a gelato pr a frozen yogurt, you're in the wrong place.
Hadn't had Dairy Queen in ages! Kind of a novelty for when one has been on good behavior I'd say. Anyhow, I pulled up to the (yup!) drive-through and ordered the Banana Cream Pie Blizzard. (Unless for some very odd reason you don't like bananas, cream, or pies,...or banana cream pies - GET THIS!) After my first bite, I was in complete silence with the radio turned off for the rest of my drive home while taking in and savoring every moment of it. True story.
Craving some sort of shake or mocha thing, went through the drive through alleyway and the New Smores Shake stuck out like a sore thumb. Got the medium for $3.39 and it was a very large shake with straw and spoon and whipped cream and choc. syrup involved. The graham crackers and marshmallows were in shake form with choc. ice cream and I mostly used the spoon to devour the thing at home. Very good treat once in awhile and it's probably a limited item, so get it now.
I mean as far as Dairy Queen's go I've never been to one that just knocked my socks right off my feet.  With that being said, this one isn't anything that I hated either.  I only went through the drive through, but I tell ya what....if you're driving in the night have your spot light out.  Their sign is either dim as all get out or it is just in fact...out.

The dessert was just as you'd expect...delicious!  :)  Can't complain about glorious ice cream with a brownie and hot fudge!  

So overall, the location is good but it sure would be nice to be able to see it at night!
Only great things to say about this place: had a drive thru (not too fat and lazy to walk in but ice cream and December = cold outside), they saw a dog in the car with me and they gave him his own ice cream bowl for free, and the price tag for the ice cream was overall reasonable! Would recommend this location to anyone!
It's a Dairy Queen (an now, and Orange Julius...so bonus points).

I like Dairy Queen's blizzards. The ones here are good. They have a drive-thru (which can get crowded). The inside seems clean, and there's a patio that seems clean. 

That's all I got.
Went to redeem a birthday coupon. Associates went to make it and the manager came in and stopped them and said they don't honor the birthday recognition. They said the owner won't approve that and that he is rude to his employees. Don't give this DQ your business.
Wooooo hooo.  I love dairy queen, and this is my fave location.  I go here for the drive thru since it's pretty quick.  Even better, they saw my little dachshund with me and gave her a puppy bowl of ice cream :)  She ate it all and is happy.  My cookie dough blizzard was great.
DQ is a great place to go for family celebrations.  We like the outside seating but tonite there were 3 ladies smoking like crazy. Otherwise, had a great time with great treats.
Perfect drive-through experience: flawlessly executed PeanutBuster Parfait and large chocolate dipped cone: perfect softserve texture, excellent topping distribution and dipped, packed to travel beautifully (I drove them home, just under 15 minutes, and they were perfect upon arrival).  The service was super quick and really friendly, to boot.  I'll be back when the DQ craving calls!
Terrific drive thru stop on Scottsdale road. Great location and I absolutely love their popcorn shrimp and dipped cones. I am amaze at how big the large dipped cone is. I'm partial to strawberry, but the chocolate dipped cone is like an ice cream brownie! Great hours too.
Cute little place but the decor really needs updating. Sundae had very soft peanuts and blizzard was more like a malt.
Gas station McDonalds!  Well they keep it fairly clean inside, and there's minimal seating, and the drive-thru moves fairly quickly.  Plus you can get gas while you're there.  Had a couple errors on my orders but they're fast at breakfast time.
This is the closest McDonald's to my house.  I like to hit it up for breakfast every once in a while.  I also get dessert here when I have a sweet tooth.  I have never had a problem here.  The staff is always friendly.  Even though it is in a gas station it is really nice for a McDonald's.
There are a few reasons why I never go to McDonalds.  1--bad food.  2.--which I just experienced, is an incompetent work force. Unfortunately I live right by this one.   I drove through and ordered a Large Diet Coke.  So I order, I'm told $1.09, pull ahead, blah blah blah.  Anyways, i'm sitting behind the car in front of me for literally 8 minutes.  Now i'm not positive, but I'm pretty sure Mcdonalds has a company policy where large orders that take this amount of time are required to "pull around" and wait to have their food brought to them, to allow small orders, like my Large Diet Coke which takes 13 seconds to fill, "fast food" service.   Well, not so much.   So 8 minutes go by, i'm waiting, i'm waiting, i'm waiting (and there's nowhere to exit at this location), finally I pull up to the window.  Hand the lady my card she runs it, hands me my card, receipt and I realize i've been charged $9.00+.  SO i Say this isn't my order, blah blah blah, and she gets the manager.  Manger yells at the employee, explains proper procedure (which is another time consuming task), all the while i'm sitting here and I just want my fucking Diet Coke and card refunded.  So now i'm dealing with the manager.  Literally took her 2 minutes of constant swiping of my debit card to get it refunded.   She hands me my drink, then she hands me the receipt.   Two of them, first showing i've been refunded, and then she says "the second one is for the drink.", and then she says, "I'm sorry about the wait."

I told her if she was really sorry I wouldn't' have been charged for the drink.  


Are you serious?  I just waited in line for 14 minutes for a large fountain drink and you, the manager, the person in charge, don't even have the common sense or courtesy to give me the drink for free?  Are you serious?  Complete and utter incompetence and completely unaware of what the term customer service means. I'm not pissed about being charged $1.  I'm pissed that my time was wasted.
I will occasionally stop here for breakfast.  When I do, I order 2 Sausage McMuffins w/no Egg, 1 Hash Browns, $3.27.  The drive thru lane can get slow and jammed up....there's not much room for more than 2 or 3 cars to be in line at the ordering speaker before it starts getting messy.

One convenient aspect of this location is that there's a gas station attached to it.

Return Factor - 50%
The employees are all exceptionally friendly and appear to appreciate my business. It's very nice to be treated so well. The food is normally fresh but the egg white delight sometimes has a crunchy English muffin that seems a little older. This isn't all the time though. Overall I have had great experiences there.
******** Apparently Seniors Are NOT Welcomed at ANY Of Their Locations ********

I stop at McDonalds  perhaps three times a year.
I don't like McDonalds food.
  
                   ********* The Coffee is Another Story *********

I have no qualms with it.
In the past ..... I order a "Senior Coffee" ...... and leave.

        ********** McDonalds is GREEDY **********

They NO LONGER offer a Senior Coffee.
I have a friend who insists we eat here when we get together. Sometimes he wins, sometimes I do. 

Arby's reminds me of the Roy Roger's chain, which I believe they bought a few decades ago, but without the cowboy stuff. The food is not bad now that they have updated their menus. 

But the old beef sandwiches which I do not believe either Geno's nor Pat's would serve in Philly is still on the menu. Ugh. 

Somethings do take a while to die I guess. I also need to get new friends. I'm feeling generous today, so I'll give them two stars for the new menu.
Received a coupon in the mail for a BOGO Beef & Cheddar Sandwich....so I dropped by this location to grab a bite.  I was starving when I arrived, so I over-ordered.  In addition to my 2 Beef & Cheddars, I ordered a Roast Chicken Club Sandwich and a Curly Fries....damn, there goes the diet!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/x0y6TU_03x7ZOjzKCiekkQ?select=8o1nt_uBhuouxxMs_yctaQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/x0y6TU_03x7ZOjzKCiekkQ?select=mNSs2QGULi0WF2mFyc5pyQ

The Beef & Cheddars were ok.  The Roast Chicken Club was very good.  Of course, their Curly Fries are one of their signature items....and was solid.

The kids working at this place were very friendly and were working hard to  keep the restaurant clean. I could hear them in the back talking about how to properly mop the floor and wipe down the tables.....sometimes the current generation gets it right.

Return Factor - 75%
Amon the crappiest of all Arby's, stale bread, poorly made sandwiches and unfriendly service.
Worst Arby's I've been to, staff always out by the drive through smoking and chatting with friends, then act put out when you ask them to make a sandwich.
Just went to this restaurant around 5PM on  9/28/13... stood around for a few minutes pacing the register area and saw no employees. No one at the front register, drive-thru or cook stations. This place is always dead. Perhaps if there were people that actually worked, they'd have more patrons. So disappointed as I really wanted some chicken tenders :(
This place will make you *sick*.  Although they close at 9PM, the kitchen is completely shut down at 8:15, and they're serving cold remains from under the counter. The Au Jus for our French dip sandwiches was lukewarm and foamy with congealed fat -- not above the 140 degrees required for safe food.  When we returned to complain, there was an employee in street clothes with a chair pulled up to the cash register (from the restaurant side) eating a meal.  The manager said it was the first time *that day* someone had complained about this kind of problem.
Coming home, tired, and hungry.  A little spicy fried chicken and biscuits hits the spot.  It's what you would expect, it's fast food.  The order taker was friendly and the order was correct.  Most importantly, it tasted good.  Go there.
Disclaimer, I was raised in New Orleans, and miss good Poor Boys, Crawfish, Boiled shrimp, Jambalaya  etc.... yadda yadda yadda, hear me whine...
 I try to be lenient when I go somplace because it's unreasonable to expect to find the food here that I would at the Magazine St. Po Boy shop. 
I was also raised on popeyes, every once in awhile I would hop off the Streetcar on the way to school and get a Chicken Biscuit w/cheese. 
And frequrntly I would get a 4 piece spicy, and even though it was a chain, it was a local chain with massive quality control. 
(and yes, odds are those years are most likely why over the past 3 years I've lost 250 pounds!.... Moderation kids!)

Over the years, the chain was sold off, the original owner died, and Popeye's became more hit and miss, especially the further you got away from the south.

Heck, you get your hopes up just to see a Popeye's!
usually the stand alone's are better, and the ones attached to Gas stations are hideous.

  
I've tried a few in the Phoenix area, And have been generally unimpressed. Not horrible, but just... a very thin flavorless crust.

So it was with trepedation that I went into this location, a drive through, attatched to a gas station.
I went for a box of chichen w/biscuits. and I can say it was the best I've had in the city so far.
The man at the window was friendly, the chicken was fresh, good, solid breading. With enough heat to give a nice depth of flavor, cutting a bit deeper than other chains would dare... which is what Popyes is all about. (I'm used to some blazing hot chicken... not stupid mind you, just HOT.. this is not that, but a good flavor. With good moist flesh, and thick crunchy skin. And the meal made the travel home well.
One downside? I'm just not a fan of these biscuits, they werent old... but they were dry... and lack the lush, buttery flavor and texture that I love. These were more dense and hockypuckish than I prefer.

If your craving some Popeye's chicken... well, lets put it this way,,, I'll be driving 20 minutes out of my way to go here.
This is my first time... so Your Milage May Vary..

 
Sidenote, I'n no Church's Chicken fan, but I went to the one on Arizona Avenue... and I've got to say, thats some fine spicy chicken! And cheap! And a big box of fried okra makes The Bride very pleased indeed!
best gotdamn spicy chicken ever (for fast food)!!!!!! it is so juicy everytime that i just can't enough of this place.
Armed with a 2-for-1 coupon, I wanged in here today for a first visit ever to a Popeye's, to pig it up.  I went with a pair of 2-piece combos, including a spicy leg & thigh & a regular breast & wing, plus mashed potatoes & gravy, corn on the cob, 2 biscuits, & a help-yourself coke.

This is a small, comfortable restaurant situated inside a Circle K, here in "No picture taking" Guadalupe, Arizona!

The chicken was crispy outside, juicy inside, cooked just right, & delicious, especially the spicy!  Everything else was good too, including the full-sized corn on the cob which was not overcooked, as it has often been for me at KFC.  This was a great fast food meal, beating both KFC & Church's, in my opinion, & just one cluck away from 5 Stars!     :-))

2 Piece Combo:  $5.59 including beverage.
My order is not that difficult.... 3 of the same thing. One is spicy the others are mild. Then I got the excuse of the person taking the order. Black Friday and I am tired. More like get the wax out ya ears!!!
Best Popeye's I've been to in years.  Peeling the batter off the back of the juicy deep fried chicken breast made me think I was back in New Orleans. Just wish they had the onion rings.
The worst dining experience I have had in over 20 years. The manager had no control over the staff or the experience to manage anyone! Her answer to everything was, just a second even after letting them know I had not received my food and people after me were already taken care of and gone. She had no idea how to manage staff let alone manage a business. I finally got my money back after waiting 45 minutes for chicken, popcorn shrimp and chicken fingers, simple food that was already prepared but with their ineptness they could not even figure out to complete. If you go, get a good look at the kid at the counter who walked from side to side but went unnoticed by the manager and he stood there with a blank stare on his face and could not even manage to put chicken in a box, whoever hired this manager and the inept, useless individual behind the counter, you should be fired!
Reminiscent of the old Popeye's that was in a gas station down the street from me off Thornydale in Tucson.  The sole Tucson Popeye's left now on the east side pales in comparison to this one.  This is one is hot, fast and cheap; exactly what you would want.  They are on the ball in putting together the orders and getting them into the customer's hands quickly.  The food tastes delicious.  I had the Shrimp Po-Boy and it was the bomb, just like Mister Ed's in Metairie, LA.  I could eat one every week (I used to when I lived there)!  The Red Beans and Rice was spicy good too.  They both made me long for going back to N'Awlins again just for a dining spree.

My grandson thought the mild chicken tender in his kid's meal was not spicy enough but then he eats his Taco Bell with fire sauce.  He liked the Cajun Fries too.  My wife got the mild Chicken Po-Boy.  She said the chicken was light (not greasy at all) and flavorful (not too spicy).  Her only complaint is that she could have used one more chicken strip if it was going to be served on such a large bun.  There was a lot more bread than chicken.  The fries were standard seasoned fare, she wishes she would have tried a different side.

If we lived here I would be a regular customer.   Somehow, I'll have to settle for waiting for our annual trip to Arizona Mills.
I'm so mad at this location. I'm grabbing lunch with my boyfriend and we pulled up to this location. We ordered 2 holiday specials both with red beans and rice but one with mashed potatoes. I pull up to the window and ask the lady if I could change my mashed potatoes to Cajun fries. She said it would be an extra few minutes I said ok and we waited. She finally handed us our food and our debit  card I asked her for hot sauce, buffalo sauce, and honey. She huffed and rolled her eyes at me. Smh I was so upset. I love their food it's great but their customer service is so horrible!!!!
Went one time.. They messed up the order.. Forgot my mash potatoes and the chicken wasn't good at all.. The worse popeyes I've been to and I've been to alot
I don't seem to ever like any food chain that is attached to a circle k...  matter a fact I avoid circle k.  Instead of this Popeyes I drive to the one just a couple miles away on Broadway and Hardy. It's worth the trip.
This MC is on my way to work. In the mornings I usually go and get some coffee to wake me up. I ordered one of their mcafe things and an apple pie. The coffee was great and with some creamer it tasted damn good. 

The apple pie was awesome and reminded me of how much I loved  the warm apple pies my mom was preparing me when I was a little kid. Even though it was really hot when I got it, that first bite tasted like heaven. 

Mixed with the coffee and considering how inexpensive the meal was itself I must say my breakfast was so good. 

I know it is not the healthiest of choices but sometimes I like to throw health out the window when it comes to being happy and eating things that just taste really really good. I'll probably get breakfast there more often now especially since I don't really like eating breakfast at home.
Got my order to go, when I arrived home, noticed one of the sandwiches was missing.  No big deal, mistakes are made, the rating is for the response I received when I called.  Acted like the didn't believe me.  No, come on back, we"ll have it waiting, no apology, nothing.
The managers at this place are a bunch of ass clowns. Drive thru takes 10 min. ! You have to pull around for a cheeseburger and a coke, and there coffee machine is always getting cleaned at 6:00-7:00am. Hey dumbass, people like coffee in the Morning! Go to the one on Power and Ray. They are dialed in up there.
Always so fast, consistent and courteous. Nice to see the same people working there for many years.
If you notice, they are always running around stressing and running around like if they were lost. I bought a steak breakfast burrito a few days ago and instead they gave me a sausage burrito. Finally, it took three times for them to get it right, how hard is that?
All I ordered was 2 large fries, it took 11 minutes. Here with 3 kids, there are no napkins in the dispensers. Trash everywhere. I only see young kids/teenagers working, they seem lost and confused. Tried ordering sundaes also and they had no spoons! I wish there were a Chik-Fil-A closer!!
Bad attitude  never thought I would not go to a McDonald's  this one never go back. Always trying to up sell  please its fast food
Their ice cream machine seems like it's always down, don't go there if you are expecting a hot filet-o-fish sandwich.
If I could give a 0 for this McDonald's I would.  This seriously is the WORST, I mean very WORST fast food place ever.  They hire really lame employees and do not properly stock their supplies.

We've been here a few times and we know how McDonald's food tastes, not real great, but this one is way subpar.  I remember one time and this was over a year ago, we ordered a bunch of stuff for a family of four.  They told us they didn't have everything cook and had us pull around and wait.  We were in the drive-thru.  So, we did.

Nearly 1/2 hr goes by.  We see people enter the place and leave the place with food, but still ours wasn't done.  I finally went in and asked about it.  They said, oh, sorry.  We got the food and when I went back to the car to check, the food was fricken' cold.

Are you serious?  I went back in and asked for a refund, which they didn't want to give me a refund, but finally they did.  We left the place really hungry, no food, and very aggravated.

Several times, this was the closest McDonald's and we needed ice.  I tell you, 100% of the time, they were always out of bags of ice.  Really?  I've actually never been to a McDonald's where they ran out of ice.  If you don't sell, ice, then why advertise for it?

We honestly thought maybe they were having an off day, but there have been maybe a couple other times where we got the food and it tasted like it had been sitting for hours under some heat lamp.  Ugggh.  

So, though this McDonald's is the closest to where we live, if we need ice or some fast food, we make sure never to go to this one again.  The people are beyond unintelligent and totally lack customer service.

Whomever is the owner for this franchise needs to do a better job of selecting their people and seeing that they provide good customer service and follow good protocols as the rest of the McDonald's.  

At this point, it's a joke between my husband and I about this McDonald's and I don't even know how they stay in business.  They definitely are not following McDonald's standards for how to run a business.
Play place under renovation. Bad wi-fi mojo.  Service should be a little better to keep the place worth coming to.
I've hit more McyD's in the past week than in my entire life combined! While on a road trip from San Diego to Flagstaff I found McDonald's $.99 Diet Coke to be my best companion! 

The curb-appeal was impressive and the dual drive through was appreciated. I placed my order, "Diet Coke please" and when the kind drive-through attendance asked if I wanted to add an egg white McMuffin I gladly obliged. 

The drive through was quick and friendly. I was pleasantly surprised the egg white McMuffin was only $2 whereas in San Diego it's over $4! 

I've been impressed with the service, cost and speed I've received with McDonald's while on this trip.
I am absolutely disgusted in the manager Erica at this location. I took my mom to go get her senior coffee that she likes to order. When we placed her order I was going to get my usual iced mocha coffee but then Erica started interrogating us about who was with me and she asked if I had two seniors with me. She then asked me if I had ID. Seriously lady you are carding me for freaking 69 cent coffee??? I will not be returning to McDonalds after this. ( THIS IS AN OLD POST BUT FOR SOME REASON IT WAS NEVER POSTED)
This is a great McDonalds. It has video games that the kids love. My grandkids always ask to come to this McDonald's
The food here is what I'd expect from a Wendy's, but don't go into the dining room if you're in a hurry. They obviously give the drive-thru top priority and you can wait upwards of 15 minutes for your food. The dining room was clean and the people were friendly. I'll go back, but I'll be staying in my car.
I swung by one evening on my way who knows where (I drive big rigs). You guys were busy, pretty DAMN busy!! The store was clean and organised just the same! a nice thing to see considering some of the dining tragedies i get to see in my profession. You had 1 person that stood out of the group of hard working employees. Her name was Alyssa, and she kicked many butts! She was kind, thorough and proficient. She took my order and was clearly in a "zone". like a well oiled cog, she moved fluidly through the madness and still had the poise to ask if i needed extra napkins! To you Alyssa I say "Bravo"!! I look forward to going there again!
First of all, it's Wendy's, so obviously it's fast food. And it's in a pilot gas station stop so tons of big rigs. But the customer service there is phenomenal. The gentleman in the afternoon, I think his name is Sam, walks around and asks how is your day going and if he can refill your drink. But he sounds so honest when he asks how your doing. There is another gentleman At the cashier, can't remember his name but he remember me After one visit And was very kind and helpful. Good job Wendy's team and management.
Ordered breakfast thru the drive-thru for the 5 of us as we headed back home to cali and they forget a breakfast jack and also screwed up on one of the meals. It was just a breakfast jack that i really didnt need though
Fast Food has become a necessity with my new position and today's choice was Jacks place.  It's close by and I have not been there in some time so we checked it out....

Never have I been a fan of the drive through so Melissa and I went inside to place the orders even though we were going to take it with us....probably a better choice as the drive through was packed.

Todays choice was the Sourdough Steak Sandwich with Curley Fries and a fountain soda. I also opted to try out their Two-Taco's-For-$.99 deal.  Melissa had the Chicken Fajita Pita combo. 

The counter person was Perfcta, although I thought her name tag was different.  She was courteous, efficient and seemed to care that she was offering great service.  A nice surprise in any fast food joint.

My food was delivered quickly and was still quite hote when we arrived back at the office to eat.  The sandwich was actually quite good, a nice change from the satandard everyday burger.  The tacos were a bt greasy and I would say to save this for days when you are broke or needing a hang-over remedy as they will be more like a scoop of Draino to my system!!

Mel says her Pita was great...its seems this is what she always orders as its consistantly the same and always good.

So, whats the rating??  I would go back.  The service was fast, the food was hot and the person behind the counter made me feel valued.  I will be saving the taco's for my next night out drinking!  Enjoy!!
great services, great people.
Drive thru is slow  I always go inside when open
Worst Wendy's I've been to in years.  Slow, poor service.  They couldn't make up their mind at the end of breakfast hours how many people would be allowed to get their breakfast orders, and who would be forced to change orders to lunch.  Total incompetence here.
Sometimes I work in the area and this is really convenient. There are not many fast food places along Carefree Highway, and this Wendy's is new and clean. 
I've gone inside and through the drivethru, and my order has been made quick and fresh each time. The restroom was clean, which is always a big plus.

Wendy's in general seems to be keeping up with the times, having better menu choices both health wise and price wise. I wouldn't drive out of my way to go here, but I have had no reason to seek a quick bite to eat elsewhere.
Worst Wendy's I've been too. Food always seems like it's been sitting awhile. Bummer since it's location is near work.
I've never written a review on Yelp before so it really says something about how annoyed I am right now. They missed something on my order and when I went back to the window, they saw me, turned away, and ignored me. I'll never come back.
The food here is the same as any other Carl's Jr.  They're big burgers with a good variety but you end up paying a little more than other fast food places and thier value menu leaves a bit to be desired.

What made me even think of writing a review for this place was the manager of this specific location.  His positive attitude and apparent eagerness to make customers happy made this one of the best experiences with a fast-food restaurant that I've had in a long time.
No sign of the awesome manager that was working before.  Now two weeks in a row the same drive through lady has screwed up my order.
It first started out as a great restaurant. I stopped going due to the inconsistency of the food it seems to be extremely dry. And on a personal note. I don't like employees speaking non-English where the customers can hear them.
I told him no Swiss cheese and they still made it, and they still made it with this was cheese I had to wait a second time I would recommend coming here they don't pay attention.
The buffalo blue cheeseburger is delicious.

Smells good had to stop
Can't get enough of that blue cheese buffalo burger smells and
Tastes so good you got to try it.
ok, had a card for free turkey burger - just got it in mail because of some other comments I posted - the guy (darkhaired) in drive thru very nice - however, got burger home and it was cooler than lukewarm - hmm - dont get me wrong - I appreciate the free burger but just don't want quality to suffer either- I usually comment and am pleased with my experience - I ate the turkey burger, mainly cause I was hungry and unwilling to drive back - bun a little crisp on bottom too - however, usually I have no probs and will be back :)
I guess this is the one at 75th&Cactus-thats the one I'm looking for. Anyway, got all these coupons for free food. (in mail I think) Went in to get a free"western burger" for hubby. He wanted to try it. All he said was "It was good." I mean he likes his burger with just cheese, no bacon, onion rings, etc. But he ate it all, he just said he is a simple man who likes simple food like a simple cheeseburger. NOTE: I like Carl's - my grandkids do too and thats a plus for you! Oh and we usually have great experiences with service. And NO, I am not compensated in any way from Carl's.
Just a short note. Had several of the free coupons for food and decided to try the teryki burger. Went inside - server Lluvia - check # 0316-Tues May 6-5:25PM - I couldn't tell the name of the supervisor/shift mgr or whomever the "gal in charge" was. (she wasn't facing me but had a nametag on)I am assuming she was in charge as she was within earshot of customers asking another crew member if she would be the "shift mgr" - the other crew member(female)was reluctant-the mgr kept trying to convince her "you can do it" then going on and on abt how SHE herself did it in California - the server was polite but I did not care to know all the "behind the scenes" info going on. I come to Carl's a lot. I take advantage of all the great coupons you send me in the mail and I get with my order. Teryki burger was ok but we don't really like the bun - its hard.It seems like its wheat. Liked the regular old soft white ones. Turkey burger was good - again do not like the dark bun.

Do not mean to rag on Carls - just seems this visit wasn't the usual great customer service experience I usually have at this one.
The food is usually good. I come here quite often living down the street from it since it was built. Usually the orders are wrong- so check them. Ill even correct as they r ringing it and she says no- i got it...then bag comes n its not right. They always manage to give my son a cheeseburger instead of regular. Usually thats the mistake i catch, and try to prevent. This location is one to bump up prices here and there. Dunno if its corporate, but chili cheesefries keep going up here.  Food is good tho like i said n ive never seen location dirty.  The order taker just seems to be the issue...whether its thru drive thru or inside.  Maybe its just MY luck? It wouldve gotten another star had this not been an every visit issue.
Stop off here a few times, never had a problem. Service is good, the only problem is not their fault. There is a lot of construction on the streets in the area.
Walked in took a while for them to get my order they didn't greet me. They took forever to get the order ready. And when they repeated the order back they got it wrong. Would not come back here again. Everyone spoke Spanish no one spoke English really sucks.
1/15/2014
Jenine S.
4 friends 14 reviews
This is by far the best Jack in the Box in town! Food is always great, staff is friendly ALWAYS! My dad still talks about how kind the manager was (a year later) when he visits my house. I think some people just have to write something negative about everything. But from personal experience this is the place to go. They always make my day great! Keep up the good work!
When I order Taco Bell, I expect a little bit of disgusting and a lot of gross. But, this Taco Bell (also a KFC) was a little beyond gross. My order was leaking grease, so much so that the plastic bag that hid that goodness was also caving under the weight of the grease.

My Taco Bell experience in Arizona. Not good.
Rude staff. 
Fast service. 
Taco Bell is very greasy and just thrown together. For 2 menu items I did receive 23 (yes I counted them) packets of mild sauce. So I would say generous describes them as well. 
KFC has great food and well, you can't really mess that up can you.
Typical taco bell/KFC. Doesn't participate in dbacks taco promo.
Only pleasant experience about going to this kfc/taco bell was the friendly cashier.  The store smelled like pee and the lady that gave us our food was very rude.  Charging for utensils, really!!!  The chicken was very undercooked there was still blood on the inner meat and bones...Never going back to this kfc ever again.
I stopped at this KFC/Taco Bell on my way home one time and they were out of most of the KFC menu.  The drive-thru cashier was rude and very short with me and offered no options for me when each of the first 3 items I tried to order were already sold out.  Not going back.
This Taco Bell / KFC is famous for getting orders wrong and now they don't participate in D backs promo! Sure wouldn't want us seniors (whom are the majority of their business to get anything free!
That chicken smells really good for lunch
The chicken is good but the staff is not very knowledgeable and have a bit of an attitude problem the place is always crowded in that order is never accurate I always have to send it back because it make lots of mistakes I don't know what's going on here but I would be cautious when you eating at this place.
Had a bad experience at the subway across the parking lot so you notice I left one place came to this one right away much better better service I recommend this place for a much better service.
Okay I have to preface this with the fact that this is been the first Taco Bell that I have eaten at in over a year. So to be honest I was expecting to be over whelmed because I have been wanting these foods forever. However I couldn't have been more disappointed. It started with the fact that when I first got there I had to use the restroom. The first stall was solidly plugged up and no way was I even venturing into it. So I went into the second stall and sat down and proceeded to complete my mission and  lo and behold no toilet paper!  So I went out to join my hubby in the ordering process and I ordered one each of all of the following: regular tostada, regular taco, a Mexican pizza, and a bean burrito with sour cream and lettuce added plus a side of salsa.  I knew there was no way I was going to eat it all but those are the items that I had been craving and I thought at least if I had a couple bites of each it would make me happy.  Hubby ordered three pieces of chicken and a side item.  So when they charged us they overcharged us (by double the price of the meal) but Hubby said I'm not supposed to mention that in this review because they did rectify it. The Mexican pizza was pretty good. The tostada actually sucked a**. Hubby's chicken was really good. The taco was good and the burrito was okay. To be honest our biggest turnoff was the cleanliness of the place not only in the bathrooms but of the dining room as well. There was more trash on the floor underneath our table when we first sat down than we had after finishing our meal. Needless to say I do not think that we will be back anytime soon. I just wish there was another Taco Bell in the neighborhood that could show this place how it's supposed to be done!
Combination chicken fast food joint and gas station? Yessss! It's so convenient when I need to fill my car and my stomach! Joking aside this Popeye's isn't bad. Pretty much what you expect if you like their chicken. All of the workers seem really nice here too, they normally let you know if they have any specials but I would be sure to ask them just in case. And while you're waiting for your food you can just pop in the gas station store (they're connected). If not, they also have a drive-thru.
Great food , this location is inside of a shell station (Circle K products). The popeyes employees don't care if you get a drink from the Circle K side (as long as you order chicken , duh). Great for lunch or dinner. And on tuesdays they have the $1 special.
I love POPEYES I would drive 2 hours to get it... but I don't have to now.  Enough said.... there chicken was extreamly dry and not very hot.....cook less more often..... keep it fresh and hot.... I still don't like that you took cajun rice off the menue... they only place to get it is mesa or the airforce base in goodyear.... looks like I'm driving to kingman time....
I love popeyes. It's kind of a big deal in the south. This ones not quite the same and takes its sweet time pulling together your order but its still pretty good.
Today would have been the first time I would have tried Popeyes chicken after having seen one of their commercials I was drawn in to give it a try.   The commercial advertises that the dippin chicken is available for a limited time and or 4.99 and when I got to the drive thru it was 5.99 but since the food in de commercial looked good I decided to still order it since I am not familiar with their products.  Then the lady in the drive they said they do not have the product anymore.    This was an unpleasant visit.  The image the restaurant gave me was not one to go drive to another location that could have the product.   Not a good first impression ):
It's Popeyes. Chicken was good, service was fast, just stopped for a bite to eat before the hockey game so don't know if I'll ever be back but... It's really small and it's inside the Circle K on the corner of thunderbird and 83rd. 

Parking is scarce unless your getting gas as well.
Terribly slow, always. At least they are consistent!
I can honestly say that I've been instrumental in assisting this particular restaurant in disposing of a few hundred delicious chickens and I've done so without a single regret! As Sarah R mentioned, they are consistent. As far as being slow? I haven't noticed this restaurant being slow at all except when they're packed. But that's to be expected. They may want to refine their queuing algorithm... 

I may be biased but I just LOVE KFC. In fact it's listed as my last meal in my profile. This may be one of the very few 5 star ratings I ever give. My hat's off to you Colonel... Even though you're not with us physically, you'll always be remembered in our hearts and our stomachs!
This KFC is hands down the worst. They never have enough chicken cooked to fill an order without a substantial (25-45 minute) wait which I think is total bull. If you sell chicken you should make enough to fill say....a bucket of chicken. The drivethrough is a joke - it takes forever and you are probably going to drive off with only half your order. Case in point - last month I ordered a 16 piece bucket 'o' chicken for a party. I get home and find that my 16 piece bucket is in fact a 12 piece bucket , the pieces were teensy and there was a random bonus piece of yellow plastic included. So I check my receipt and call the manager to request his assistance on the matter. He tells me that chicken shrinks in the winter which is why my pieces are so small. Now I am no scientist and maybe this is true but it sounds pretty damn stupid to me. He offers me to give me the missing 4 pieces of chicken if I drive back there (keep in mind both Thunderbird and 75th ave are torn up with construction and this is rush hour on a Friday). I told him fine and that I would rather get a refund then the 4 pieces at this point because I was disgusted with his attitude. He states "Ok but you will have to return MY chicken". Seriously? Like I am trying to get one over on KFC after they shortchanged me on my $30 bucket of chicken? OK guy. You can keep your measly chicken - I will go to Fry's.
KFC service was not service.  Four of us took turns giving the girl our order.  She wasn't able to get any of them right.  An older girl and another employee kept coming up to help her but they wouldn't take the order themselves.  I'd guess she was the owners daughter or something.  She couldn't have been hired on her merits.  Of course our orders were wrong but we decided to take them anyway.  As we ate we looked at the bill an noticed some errors.  My brother went back up to the counter and got in (a now growing) line of people who wanted to order and people who wanted to complain.  Anyway, we got back $11 of overcharge, the biscuits were more like crackers, and once you touched the chicken it was almost impossible to get the tight lids off the side orders.  Chicken was so-so.  Next time, Church's.
This KFC is very clean friendly service the manager was super nice she gave me an individual container to measure my mashed potatoes really nice and helpful she was, Bathrooms are very clean, Tables are not sticky,The floor is clean and free of debris. 
I would definitely return to this location is by far one of the more cleaner ones I've been lately.
Lydia is great at her job, she welcomes you talks to you like a friend and wants to make you happy, she was fast and friendly a thing that is gone from almost every fast food place.  Lydia even asked if we needed anything else, got some honey and hot sauce for us too.  She has a great smile and personality.  

Bathrooms were clean and enough space to eat your meal in the dinning room.  

Yummy ckn and mash potatoes too!
Crappy cashier stood and stared at me instead of greeting me. Place was full of redneck-types and whatnot too. I only went here because we needed to stop by the post office before getting some food in the morning, and now I've learned my lesson.
It is what it is... fast food... however this one is very clean and the woman behind the counter was extremely nice. The food was hot even by the time I got it home and it didn't look like Ronald McDonald puked it out! Tasted great... again... as far as fast food goes.
I ALWAYS come to Jack In The Box after a long night of partying.  Their greasy food is the perfect remedy to soak up the alcohol in your system and super convenient that their drive thru is open 24 hours a day. 

What really ticked me off about this place last night was the fact that I arrived there to find out that their cash register was updating and would take up to 10 minutes.  They told me to pull around the other side and they would let me know when it's done.  During this time, a bunch of car came by and was waiting as well.  No one came out to signal that they were up and running again.  I started out as the first car in line and ended up being the very last car in the drive thru that night.  It took almost 20 minutes to finally get my meal.  Boy was I ticked off!  

Honestly, it probably won't stop me from continuing to get my fast food fix, but I just wanted to take the opportunity to rant about the overall experience.
Do not eat fast food unless you really cannot afford anything else.
I have always wanted to try this place we don't have any in Florida. My thoughts is jack can stay I the box. It only got a star cause you have to do something. The food was awful, nasty just no!!
The new Bacon Insider is DELICIOUS!!! I'm so shocked that this quality of sandwich is a quick drive up the road to my local JnB's!!! Who knew! I do and now I am able to enter Burger heaven any time I please. Too bad everything else in life can't be this simple.

Oh yeah, the store was clean, I received my food in record time and the strawberry Fanta was very fizzy. What more can you expect from a JnB? Exactly...
Worst jack in the box I have ever been too. 1st there are a couple of transients that like to hang out at this location. The good all tasted nasty like they hadn't changed the oil in years. Also our order took about 15 minutes to get when inside and we only ordered about $12 bucks worth of food. I won't be going back to this location. Yuck
Slower than molasses. We ordered a four piece star chicken for our son. It took twenty minutes in the drive thru line just to get it. Good thing we didn't order anything else. This place is horrible. It's not like they're actually cooking anything inside... Don't understand why it's always consistently so slow.
First of all, go to Carl's JRs main website, and see if they have any coupons. Most of the time, they have buy one, get one (s).

It was dead when I pulled up to the drive thru. However, Alyssa, who took my order, was beyond sweet and helpful.

I ordered 2 $6 thickburgers, and yes, they are actually $6. No false advertising there.

3 chicken strips with honey mustard

Criss cut fries, and a small sweet potato fry.

Everything I had was fresh, (as fresh as it could be) I saw them drop it in the fryer.

When I got home, our burgers were nicely wrapped, forgive my sloppy picture, that is not CJs doing. The burger is the best that I have had from a fast food joint. Hands down.

The only complaint I have, which makes my review 4stars is the chicken tenders. They were very small. And when 3 of them is close to $4, I thought I would be getting a little bit more. Especially when some of the sweet potato and criss cut fries were the size of my palm.
It's an Arby's, so no need to go into decor or menu selection and the such.  I eat at several different Arby's though, and this one has its good and bad.  First the good:

Food's always been hot, fresh, and delivered quicklly.  More quickly than at most Arby's I go to.  Not sure if I keep lucking out at this location or if everyone notices this, but it's been true on SEVERAL occasions.  Speedy service & nice enough.

The bad:

The music is horrible crap that my great-grandparents probably listened to growing up, and I'm 40.  Seriously - it's not "classic" by any stretch, not even just "old" - it's downright ancient.  ALWAYS.  They never change it, doesn't matter who's working or when you go.  You won't recognize a single tune unless you're 120 years old, and if that were the case you probably wouldn't remember it anyway.  I love classic rock and even old school Mowtown and the such, but this is beyond anything I've ever heard in a public place.  And it's annoying, especially when you're trying to enjoy a large Beef-n-Cheddar.  I had to literally throw the sandwich down my throat as fast as I could just to try to avoid getting a headache from the awful crooning coming through the cheesy Muzak machine, and even that didn't work.  I'm getting a headache just thinking about it now! 

It's either the drive-thru or a trip to the Sonic, Wendy's or Jack in the Box right next to this Arby's next time.  I've given them at least a half a dozen chances to change their tunes, but they keep playing it.  No more dining room eating in this location for me!

Oh yea - one more bad thing - there's a manager who likes to belittle her staff in front of customers sometimes.  At least I've heard it once or twice, and that's just not cool.  Minus 1/2 for occasional management actions, minus 1 1/2 for being too stupid to play music that is more universally acceptable in a public place.  Who makes that decision anyway?  Rap, Country, Death Metal - there's a reason businesses don't pipe this kind of music through their places.  It's annoying to most people who aren't part of that niche of listeners.  Same goes for anything that was old enough to be recorded on 8-tracks but not popular enough to be recorded onto CD's!

You've got good food Arby's Henderson - now get a clue!  Change the music.
I love the burgers because they are tasty and very different than every other fast food joint; however they are SO darn expensive.  It cost me 10 bucks to get a good sized burger combo which is insane.  I can get a much cheaper meal at an actual resturant.  I also really love the Arby's sauce and always have.  I wish I could bottle it up and take it home.  Does Arby's sell this stuff in stores because I would consider buying some?  Anyways, food is great, prices are too high...that's about all you need to know.
Burger King definitely ranks as one of the better fast food chains in the USA these days. This is the closest location to my house, and needless to say, the one I frequent the most.

I have never had any real problems with this particular location. They are usually very prompt, and take your order correctly. I don't recall any occasion in recent memory on which this particular location has messed up my order. 

Burger King has a nice, diverse menu of items - chicken items, burgers (obviously), and even some other random, unexpected thing. This is one of the few fast food restaurants (if not the only one) that actually offers macaroni and cheese as a kids meal item! 

At Major/Boulder, this is a convenient location for anyone who lives in the "Old Henderson" area.

If you like Burger King, I don't have any substantial complaints with this particular restaurant. The staff do a good job, and I haven't ever had any big problems worth reporting.
This Burger King is nearly right across the street. Since my husband prefers this fast food joint to McDonalds, we do stop here every once in a while. Their food seems consistent and sometimes you have to wait a long time for your stuff, but it's almost always hot and fresh (can fast food be fresh?) 

I don't really eat here. I can't stomach most fast food. However, I like that I can get a 20 oz. Coke slushie here for just a buck. That makes me feel better when I have to make a special trip for one of the boys. My kids will eat anything you give them so I can't count on them for an accurate description of taste. 

The major reason why I'm writing a review is because of the customer service. A lot of times our food is just plain wrong. A lot more times they make you pull around the front so they can bring it out to you when it's done. We've had to wait upwards of 20 minutes for food before. Granted, it was 10:30pm, so I'll not be taking it too hard on them. 3 Stars because I've not had anything go so wrong as to not be back.
This is not gonna be a long review but, this Burger king on Boulder Hwy.  never has ice cream cones / shakes half of the  time.  The last couple of times I went through the drive-thru they always say: "our machine is down"  Yea, only when I come in right??  The last time I went they were running a special if you buy a certain burger combo you get a free ice cream cone. So, I asked them about that and they told me "yes you get a free cone"...Ok, I said "if your machine is down, do I get an IOU??" Then there was complete silence...Maybe they didn't know what IOU stands for.  Once again.....good ole  NON CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!!!   They never respond to complaints or emails.  Thanks for NOTHING Burger queen. ( Sure glad Wendy's is just right down the street!! )
It's ok, it's fast food a little better than Mc Donald's, but they have wifi, that is a plus.
I come here all the time with my son who loves the chicken tenders.  Food is 'OK' although my favorite is the BK stacker which seems to have gotten smaller and smaller over the past few years and the price is probably higher.  Well overall the price is still pretty cheap depending on what you go for so I will always consider BK when I need a cheap meal.
I like Burger King but I don't think this location is very good, I usually get a chicken club and pretty much every time the chicken taste like its been sitting under a heat lamp for awhile..
Worst fast food service in the world! Burger King we were at your location just before noon today 5/25/14.  Seriously the girl at the  drive through shouldn't be working in the customer service industry.  It took her 3 times to get the order right and she was rood the whole time.  She asked my wife to repeat herself three time the got snippy with my wife each time.  

Don't go there the food is under cooked. They don't speak to you like you are an important customer let alone a human.  I will  listen to the reviewer who said go down the road to Wendy's.  

Keep your under cooked burgers BK
Great service at the drive-thru.  Could be a bit cleaner on the inside.
Paige is an awesome employee! She is able to multi-task always with a smile! How refreshing for fast food!
I know... It's horrible that I feed my child these greasy, non-nutritional meals but you know what, there are days that I'm desperate. Call me a bad mom... Go ahead, I dare you! 

Anyway, sometimes it needs to be done. In any case, I don't have any problems whenever I come to this one. I go through the drive-thru, pay, pick up my order and roll out. My stuff is always in the bag and I've got a happy kid.
Why is it when your Order is wrong they Act surprised like this has never happen before. Do yourself a walk in.
They only accept cash? Since when? Food was cold. Its Mc Donald's I guess that's expected? Oh and the cashier can't count. She short changed me. I think I'll call corporate. Worst Mc Donald's ever.
I infrequently go to Jack in the Box. 

Don't get me wrong; Jack in the Box makes great burgers, sandwiches and sides.

But the only time I'll go to Jack's is in the wintertime, in which they featured the Pumpkin Pie Milkshake and Eggnog Milkshake. And I was craving for the Eggnog Milkshake after my dinner. 

Another piece of technology I don't see back home is the kiosk booth to place your order for your food. As a substitute of seeing the cashier, you input what you want and how you want your food(s) and/or drink(s) customized. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duCjWA3EBSA-ox5LTcXbwQ?select=MkeNe_5lsNK9CkM4mqZMKg

And the large $2.99 seasonal milkshake is programmed in the machine. You can even request for extra whipped cream and extra maraschino cherry as one many options. I slide my Visa to pay for my treat and I get my receipt with the order number. 

My milkshake: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duCjWA3EBSA-ox5LTcXbwQ?select=ymC0PFMYFXXeOjZgd5QH9w

After a few minutes, the clerk yelled out my number and I finally got my milkshake. 

One sip of the thick seasonal milkshake, I was instantly in the holiday spirit.

Ladies and Gentlemen: that is technology in Las Vegas!
The service at this J in the B location makes the food taste better.


I was coming home late the other night, and figured a grilled cheese sandy from Jack in the box was the right move to make, so I pulled up to the drive thru.  

The man taking my order was cheery, pleasant, and fun.  His enthusiasm was refreshing and sincere.  When I pulled up to the window he asked how I was tonight, and we began chatting about crazy things he saw that night working the window.  (Drive-thru flashers are apparently "in" right now)

I can't give a fast food place 5 stars, but the service here is 5 star caliber.  It's so refreshing to meet someone who loves their job, or at least, does it with sincerity and enthusiasm.
Every time I go to this Jack In The Box I get approached by a homeless person, either inside or outside.

I will stop going to this location. Nothing wrong with the food or service.  

Save for people begging for money.
5 Stars for the excellent customer service and cleanliness throughout
i used the kiosk and was an instant fan!!! :)
I enjoy Jack in the Box. Probably too much for my own good. However, I will not be stopping at this location again, which is unfortunate as its the only one along my commute. I put my order in via the self ordering machine (love them!) And the gentleman before me ordered pretty much the same thing I did and had his food in hand within about 4 minutes. However, I got the wildcard of some guy walking in and ordering the same thing as me (the tacos are quite popular). Because he was 'in a rush' he got MY tacos and I got to wait a total of 11 minutes to receive my order. In no business is this okay. I guess if I do come back it'll be when I am 'in a rush' so I, too, can steal someone else'a food. The order was right and the place was clean. That's what the second star is about. The fact that I had to finish the rest of my bus/walk commute smelling of tacos and potato wedges was not the business.
They always have a super friendly attitude here! :)
The store is clean. Quick service. I enjoy the view of the cars rushing by at the intersection of Rainbow/Flamingo. Food is fresh and has good presentation.
Fine by me.  It's your typical Jack In the Box.  Our order was correct, fast, and friendly.
working late hours and to tired for cooking jack and the box has definitely satisfied my hunger for those times you just need a quick bite after hours.  The manager Josh is very friendly, remembers me every time i see him and is always very accommodating. I love the chicken fajita pita, for the illusion of eating healthy because it's grilled chicken ;)  If you are out late and looking for a meal before your last stop Jack in the Box is not a bad choice!
Went through the drive thru last night , Freddie had the worst customer service, you work there because you chose too ! Quit if you can't work it ! Ever going there late anymore !
Used the coupon for the free roastburger at this location and the manager let my coupon slide even though I guess I didn't print coupon the right way.  She was telling me some guy walked in there earlier and tried to use 8 coupons for himself.  Was he planning on eating 8 roastburgers and 8 soft drinks in one sitting?  Crazy bastard.  

Its just a roast beef sandwich dressed up in burgers clothing.  Ketchup and roast beef don't taste that great together imo.  Bun was good though.  My wife got the bacon and cheddar and thought it was fantastic but I felt pretty unsatisfied with my All-American.
We frequently visit this Arbys. At  least once a week. Drive thru is quick and painless. It seems like the jr roast beef get smaller and smaller every week. We still love the roast beef and this arbys never screws up my order.
I stop by a lot when I need a quick meal. They never get my order wrong, or it never takes very long to get food here. It's always quiet and clean inside the dining area.
The only problem with this place is the need to make Betty the manager
If I could rate 0 stars I would overwhelmed and overworked staff management obviously pinching pennies by not having enough help in an obviously busy store resulting in no service which is horrible customer service walked out without ordering and will not go back their corporation spends millions advertising a new sandwich but you can't order it whats wrong with this picture
c'mon bro. you know i had to eat here. but they had the skimpiest menu ever. had maybe like 4 items. wtf. service was good as usual for panda. and this place was large but their items weak. where is my chicken and potato or chicken and string beans??
The staff is awesome, very clean restaurant (especially considering the location), but the prices are little out of control.
Everybody knows that there's a Panda Express on almost every corner and inside several casinos. My mom flew in for a visit and was craving Chinese. I know this location is somewhat near Chinatown but to be honest I've only eaten Chinese in that area @ one place and it was my worst experience so I chose to just take her here.. cheap good Chinese.

2 ITEM ENTREE: We wanted to try the new Kobari beef but the bin was empty. So... I asked the only girl behind the counter how long would we wait before the next batch was made. She didnt seem to understand what I said and gave me and my mom a sample of 2 small pieces of beef left @ the edge of the barren pan. (not what I asked for but GREAT!.. it was goooooood!) I was excited.. so I asked my quetion again. Nope didn't understand. so I asked her in spanish (what little I could muster up) "cuando va estar lista la carne?"... nope... well hell couldn't figure out what her primary language was b/c it wasnt chinese. My mom finally said I think she's cuban or PR or something b/c we heard her speaking Spanish as we left. SO.. she didn't answer me on purpose. How does a place stay open if you cant order?  
We hung bk for a few minutes discussing if we should just find another Panda Express or go next door to the Orleans and eat @ their Chinese place. We decided we'll just wait for the nxt batch and we pointed to whatever we wanted - Kobari beef and Beef & broccoli. sooo... good. 
Id definitely eat that again.. just maybe not @ this location.
Close earlier than posts on website and closed even earlier than posted on the door. Very disappointed!!
I know Panda Express is viewed by many as 'fake' Chinese food... and that's fine by me. I like the 'fake' Orange Chicken from Panda Express better then the real stuff I have had elsewhere, so from time to time we will get lunch from Panda Express. 

The employees are always friendly when I am there, but I must say, it's kinda weird to have people serving you 'Chinese' food while they speak to each other in Spanish...
When you go to Panda you know what you are getting.  It may not be gourmet or "authentic" but it is good, relatively cheap & always filling. Perfect for lunch on a workday! 

This location was very clean & welcoming.  Ordered the Kobari Beef and the Sweetfire Chicken Breast.  The beef was tasty-maybe a tad too salty.  The sweetfire is always yummy!  I only get the chow mein as I'm not a fan of fried rice in general.
They also had a new iced tea-It was a special tropical blend for PE.  Very good!  I refilled & enjoyed the rest at work.
Not great,but cant say it was bad...if you want some fast Chinese it works.
CHEAP + FAST = EASY LUNCH!!!

It's panda express so everyone know what that means cheap, typical, and pretty tasty Chinese food. It's near my job and though there are many other Chinese restaurants this one is quick and I know what I'm getting, and usually I'm lucky to get it right out of the Wok, and even it wasn't--- I still get a bowl to go.
Totally used to boycott all panda's due to their use of only dark meat. Now, I can finally go because they feature the white. My go-to dish is the String Bean chicken and I even tried a Black Pepper Shrimp dish that was shockingly better than in alot of Vegas dumpy Chinese places who forget to take off that fatty strip on top of the shrimp. I will walk out if the pan isn't more than 1/2 full and they need to work on the Fried Rice quality. I always get steamed rice and if you take 30 seconds for the phone survey, you get a free entree on your next visit. So, you still have to buy a two entree plate, but a totally free entree is yours on the side. Bejing beef had its moments, but next time either two egg rolls or that sweetfire chicken breast will be on the list. Welcome back Panda. In Vegas, you have choices, but traveling around panda is like gourmet in some small citiies, but each place deserves inspection before you chow down.
Bad customer service. Cheaply made marble tabletops are dangerous and the manager will blame you for them breaking.  I won't be back here again.
I frequent this location as it's close by to where I work.
Plus I need something cheap and fast.

I can usually get my food and leave pretty quickly, unless there's someone in line undecided what to get or if there happens to be a long line.

It can be busy at times. Usually it depends if there is something huge happening across the street at Orlenas Arena.

Also I find it strange, at busy times (like dinner) that stuff isn't prepard and ready to go.

The orange chicken can be bad or good depending who makes it.
And I'm talking about freshly made if can be bad (over wok'd)

For the most part I get good service.

This location does have a tendency to have people begging or prostitutes walking about.

I actually prefer the Burbank, Ca location.
The food looked like it's been sitting there for hours. I picked a few things that I really didn't want to eat but it looked more fresh compared to the other food items. The service was good but not a fan how the food looked...dry and sitting there for hours or so. Maybe it was the weather because it was raining...who knows.
Before this experience you would have had a hard time getting me to come with you to a Panda Express. However, my coworkers wanted me to come to lunch with her and this is her favorite place so off we went.

She originally didn't know that this location existed & she was also pleasantly surprised.

Upon arrival, we were greeted very nicely and walked into a very clean restaurant. The staff was very friendly and attentive. 

I enjoyed the fact that they offer steamed brown rice and brown fried rice. It is nice to see such options.

The food was amazingly fresh, my vegetables cooked perfectly with some crunch to it. It wasn't heavy in oil or grease to my surprise either. I have ate at other Panda Express' before but I do not ever recall leaving one, thinking that my food was pretty good and that I would return. They also carry this peach green tea that I cannot get enough of. 

One of the staff members walked around while we ate and asked everyone if everything was okay. He did this a couple of times during my visit & he made sure to not ask the same customer twice. I like that.
If I had seen a Chinese restaurant in the vicinity of Charlie Frias Park that is rated highly, I would of made it lunch. I am a fan of the Chinese restaurant lunch specials. They are one of the best deals in town. I didn't do my homework, and after burning fuel driving around, I wanted to grab lunch and get on with exploring Charlie Frias Park. I checked-in at the Panda.

  These days my opinion of the Panda has changed. The average $9 plus tax transaction for a two item combo and medium beverage trails behind the pricing of genuine Chinese restaurants. Especially at lunch. 

  In my book, Panda Express is a good choice when it is in a large place with a captive audience or when the area lacks good Chinese restaurants. This location is an example. It is in a location where a transient stretch of Tropicana merges into Las Vegas communities. The majority of restaurants are fast food eateries in the shadow of the Orleans. When I dine here it is more out of convenience than hunger. In my situation it was near Charlie Frias Park, a quick yet creepy walk.

  This Panda has a large footprint. I cannot see a problem with ever getting a table. 

  The chicken with mushrooms, fried rice (they also have brown), and chow mein was fast food good.  Where Panda outbeats local Chinese restaurant lunch specials is in their chow mein. At the local restaurants I often leave over the chow mein noodles where in Panda, the chow mein noodles on my plate turns to air. Problem! Chicken with mushrooms was not my food of choice. This location suffered from what I call the Panda Syndrom. This is a major flaw when the food trays are empty causing a presentation of metal and cooking oils (to put it kindly). This looks bad. They would be doing the customer a favor by putting a cover over the empty food trays. Possibly showing a panda with a frown saying "Sorry we will be cooking new food."

  When there is a good Chinese restaurant nearby and I am unrushed I will probably pass over Panda. However, when I am hungry and want to move on, the Panda will probably get some of my check-in love.
My first impression was not so good. The bathrooms were locked for cleaning, the food was sparse and not fresh, and the staff didn't even say hello like usual Panda fashion. And, after they eventually opened the restrooms - they didn't even look clean. But I opted to try out the food since I was seriously ready for some Chinese food. I made a comment about the food not looking so fresh and they cooked everything that my boyfriend and I ordered on the spot for us. My faith was restored. The noodles were particularly tasty, even moreso than other Panda locations.
WOMEN: Have a promotional modeling gig at an expo or desperately need to lose 5 pounds in a short amount of time to make that bikini look good? Come to the Tropicana Panda Express located near the Bank of America and order the Fire Cracker Chicken.

MEN: Have a weigh in for a fight tomorrow in the UFC and are currently 5-7 pounds over your weight class and don't want to be docked points on the score card? Come to the Tropicana Panda Express located near the Bank of America and order the Fire Cracker Chicken.

I usually don't review fast food restaurants because everyone's been there and already have their own opinions but I had a unique experience at the one on Tropicana...

Had the fire cracker chicken and it tasted excellent. Portions are small and the place makes 2000% profit on white rice (which I usually don't get) charging $2 for something that costs a dime to make, no thanks.

The real fun began about 30 minutes after the meal. Explosive diarrhea (from bad chicken, I presume) that had me running to the bathroom a dozen times in a 4 hour period til there was nothing left in my stomach.

...and to me that earns a 3-star "A-OK"

Casino pools are due to open soon and I can now see my abs in the mirror. I may specifically visit this location the night before I'm due to spend a day in California at the beach or if I have friends in town who want to visit the casino pool..

Plus you get quality alone time away from your girlfriend/boyfriend to comb facebook and play candy crush on your smart phone while you are locked away in the bathroom for 30 minutes.
I think they have a Panda Express at every casino/mall in vegas now.  This one is no different.  Food is fake chinese - but tasty nonetheless!
I agree with the majority of the reviews about all Panda Express restaurants. It is not authentic Chinese food. However, it is always made fresh at the store and it is very flavorful. What they do not have in authenticity they make up for it in consistency and good value.
Since friend was getting hungry and didn't want to eat my yogurt dish, we opted to get chinese food.  Yes, it's not real chinese food but it'll do if you're hungry and want something filling.  I thought the food was pretty tasty since we ordered the chow mein, mushroom chicken and orange peel beef.  The only bad part was that both friend and I got upset stomachs later on in the night.  Not sure what happened here since we do eat at Panda Express near us and we never had a problem before.  So I guess it was an off night for both of us. =/
Panda express is SOOOO BOMB!!! I was here for EDC 2013, stayed at the palms place penthouse and was like DAMN! munched out everyday to something new. The chow mein good, orange chicken? BETTER. The girl at the front was all hot too and was like where you from and I was like outerspace!! I tried the whole menu in my entire EDC experience. Thank you panda express you saved my hunger from the ruff weekend.
What, a McDonald's 1st to review??  I thought they were all covered already!  Anyway, this particular McDonald's is located in a 'questionable after 9 PM' neighborhood.  It can be a tiny bit dangerous to be wandering around here at night.

Food?  Your standard McDonald's over-processed grub.  It's greasy, salty, but likely to bring back some fond memories.  I still get my Cheeseburger Happy Meal almost everytime.  But now with apples instead of the usual sleeve of crack-addled fries?  I don't know about that one.  Good try McDonald's getting through the childhood obesity barrier, but alas, you leave many kids whining for their fry fix.  

Nothing fancy at this McDonald's, about as basic as you can get.  Looks like just about any other old-style building one.  Those newer, more modern looking McDonald's?  Very shiek...makes me almost think I'm eating in a classy joint.  Almost.
It was ok.
So hardly ever write reviews on Fast Food places, because well most of them are less than desirable. However, after my most recent experience with this one, I just had to. The black gentleman who took my order in the drive through, was so unprofessional and rude, I actually left without my order, because He made the wrong order and kept arguing with me about it. I was like, can you just make what i ordered, and he was really bitchy to me. I mean they always get my order wrong at this mcdonald's it never fails, but this time, i actually caught it when i was paying because the price was off. He was such a jerk. I was like I don't think that is what I ordered, It is the wrong price. He says to me, well thats what i made so your gonna have to buy it. I thought he was joking and Then I realized he was seriously asking me to pay for this meal, that i did not order. I was like so pissed, and i just left.
First things first. I'm here on a food run. Secondly this place sucks. The employees are ok but the manager is incompetent. Where in the world does a McDonalds run out of soda and run out of sandwich buns. Absolutely pathetic. Not even worth a review but I had to put them on blast for this !
I have never wrote a review before. Everywhere i go i understand people make mistakes sometimes so i forgive and forget. But every time i go to this mcdonalds they ALWAYS forget something in my order so i have to go back or they get my order wrong. And when i say ALWAYS i mean ALWAYS! there hasn't been a time where i came here and i get what o asked for. I also understand that probably no one likes working at fast food places, but you don't have to show it to the customers. Be professional, these people always seem bothered.
The funny thing about this Arby's, as well as the neighborhood it resides in, is that everything here feels like it comes out of a time warp set firmly in the 1970's-1990's.  And this Arby's is no different.

This place looks very old-school.  Old style logo, old-style restaurant and building with seating.  I normally don't make much note of a fast food design, but this place is decidedly retro.  Whether it was intentional, or just part of the aforementioned "time warp" effect, who can say?

But people don't want to come to a restaurant review page for architecture.  They want to know how the food is.  And the food here is actually pretty decent.    As I kid, it was a highlight for me to get Arby's when we went out of town, and now having one so close to home is really nice, considering the old love for the place.

I've noticed that Arby's has been changing up their selections, adding some non-roast beef selections (fish sandwich, anyone?), but their sandwich fare are generally enjoyable. 

The real perk for me has always been the Beef 'N' Cheddar.  I could probably eat four of those sammiches, and the food is done well here.  Not to mention the service is consistently dependable.  The staff is conversational and friendly, my orders have remained correct, and there never has been an outstandingly long line.

If there's a downside, Arby's has grown increasingly expensive over the years.  Just because you're getting fast food does not mean that you're getting cheap food.  Fortunately, Arby's coupons hit my mailbox with some regularity, so it's not an issue.  Still, I do miss the days of "5 for $5".

Respectable food, decent service, and somewhat pricey.  That's the Arby's experience, alright.
Arby's is something that I can only treat myself to every now and again because out of all the fast food places it is one of the most expensive. I went here to get one of their smoke brisket sandwiches because I love me some brisket and gouda is my favorite cheese. It was okay but I expected better. It wasn't too fresh. When I go back I'll definitely just stick to the usual beef n cheddar.
This McDonald's is located at the food side entrance of the Nellis at Craig Walmart Super Center. 
 At the time that I stopped in Walmart on the way to Utah, I ate breakfast here. This McDonald's exceeded my expectations. I expected a shoddy McDonald's in one of the Las Vegas valley' s older super centers. Instead, I was eating in a clean and surprisingly cozy McDonald's. I am under the impression that it was recently refurbished. The interior shows off McDonald's history through portraits of the first McDonald's. The booths are extraordinary comfortable for  a McDonald's. Disparate from a few Las Vegas Valley Walmart McDonald's, this location offers more breakfast items. Including the egg McMuffin.
  On my visit, they served me the egg McMahon meal in a short period of time. The coffee was hot. And I left satisfied.
  Keep in mind that I ate here around 9:45 AM, before the Saturday morning rush. So, I have not seen how this McDonald's is when there is a rush of people.
No, just no. I understand that the food I order will never ever come out like it looks in the picture, but gadaam, don't mean you gotta give me burnt buns on both my mcdoubles. Women, I told you no pickles.. and what did I get?? Probably the largest slices in the bunch. Now I get it's  morning... your tired.. well I'm tired too! When I say good morning at the window I expect some kinda of acknowledgement.
Kids playplace smells awful and there is food everywhere.  Will never go there except the drive thru.  Drive thru staff is very pleasant and polite, but it doesn't make up for the messy playplace.
For a fast food chain, cheap and Sometimes semi fast food, this particular BK isn't too shabby.
Ahh BK, how lovely.

This BK is pretty close to my apartment. Its kinda hidden behind trees and such, but its next to Outback Steak House. My son had been asking for one of their crowns so on our way home from the library we stopped in.

Walking in its nice, it has one of then things to follow so you can stand in a formed line, the menu is big... but the value menu is to the left and a lil small.... great marketing BK! Lol. Today we got a chicken tenders kids meal and a double cheeseburger combo.

The kids meal was cute, it comes in a box with a crown attached and your choice of chicken tenders, cheeseburger, or regular burger. Plus you get the standard fries and a drink. I got the double cheeseburger meal with the ice cream sundae. At first I was like a little iffy, Im not super into fast food but this one was yummy! The new fries they have are thick and crispy and have a good amount of salt. Now I usually like my stuff salted and this was perfect! I really like the self serve drinks and ketchup, I feel like Im not wasting when I use the ketchup dispenser. I tried all my food and it was delish! I then tried my ice cream and was in love!! ITS SOOO RICH AND CREAMY! For BK this is awesome! I loved it! 

We found a seat in the play place which was pretty large and had a ton of seats... most of all it was CLEAN! Yay! My son enjoyed himself very much in there! It doesnt get too crowded when theres a lot of children and its temp is cool in there!

The only gripe I had is one of the workers was being a beezy bc the manager asked her to refill the ice machine... she was totally not having it! All in all this place is A-OK with me!
I still enjoy a whopper once in a while so I can say I am a fan of Burger King; however, I try to avoid some fast food joints on a daily basis so I don't make my stomach too big. I also still enjoy their chicken nuggets and chocolate shakes
I'm not a fan of fast food, i RARELY eat fast food, but since i work nearby i started coming here one time i didn't have lunch from home. Let me just say that one particular lady who works here is the SOLE reason why i ever come back. this lady always greets me with a smile and is overall and agreeable person to interact with. i feel like a VIP when i come and its all because of the wonderful service she provides.  
No one ever gives me annoyed looks when i bring coupons, (which i do a lot) as i have received at other locations. I am very pleased with this burger king, it has opened my eyes to the world of fast food. after all the makers of salad wraps cant be all wrong :)
Food was Ok... Service not very good , No napkin, fork, or offered Ketchup for fries..
This is the worst BK in the valley. Seriously, drive two miles over to go to the Charleston/215 one or the Town Center/Summerlin Parkway location. 

I went to this location 4 times before giving up and driving farther. Cold fries (that you wait 10 minutes for), wrong items (twice we received either two Cokes or two Diet Cokes when we order one of each), items incorrectly made, missing items, and what was best, was when they didn't even know what went into the Family Meal when it was out for a limited time. The cashier did not believe me when I said it was supposed to come with a toy, nor did the other cashier, until they finally got a manager out of t he back who laughed and said she guesses she better train out on the new menu item. 

Drive the extra 5 minutes, you'll make it up in speed of service and not having to go back to get it fixed.
That was the best Burger King meal we have ever had. The ladies working there were super friendly, and the food was made to order. Definitely worth the wait. I love the hot burger with cold veggies. Sweet potato fries were a great addition. Nicely done.
They recently reconstructed this Burger King, making it the nicest upscale BK I've ever been inside! Two BIG flat screen TV's are up now!!! Really clean inside and quality, fresh food. The people working are also helpful and kind.
I haven't been in since they've done the remodel, but my experiences here have been pretty average. Food was just like every other BK, the workers have generally been moderately helpful. The play area is great; my 3-year old loves it. I just went through the drive thru last night and got a brownie sundae. It was delicious, even though the brownie was hard- there was no way I could cut through it with my spoon. I ended up just picking the brownie up and chowing down. It's a good thing I was at home and not in public, because that was not an especially polite way to eat it.
I know it's weird reviewing Burger King but I just had to let people know about my experience. The staff at this place are pretty amazing for a fast food joint. I usually eat at in n out or smash burger but I was at a loose end. The burger was fine as were the fries which would normally be a 3 star but I had an emergency, needed a charger for my phone. Of course nobody has one but they all scrambled and came back with a charger from a neighboring business- so kudos to the team.
Everyone is really nice here. The only issue I have is that they don't understand my order and when I get my food, I have missing items. But overall, they are still really nice.
This is a great Burger King with a really nice fresh remodel. Extremely friendly servers always. Food is always good hot and consistent!
Recently renovated this is my favorite Bk. Love the pub style seating and the large booths that are modern looking. The two big tvs keep me entertained while eating, which means I can enjoy my soccer game while my little one plays in the play area.

Customer service is really good. They are fast and have never made a mistaken on my order. 

Love their whopper, Cinnabon bites and the chicken nuggets (which right now are 10 for $1.50) 

When crowns are available they give them with the kids meal. Which my daughter likes more than a toy. Princess in the making.
While I'd weigh 400 lbs (or more) again, I could honestly eat here weekly and be SOOOO happy with life!  The food was decent for the price you pay...and I didn't get sick :-)  ROCK ON!
Jack is the spot for greasy fast food- and sometimes that's all you want!! Get the chicken strips, and a grip of ranch. YUM!
Ahhh fast food!

Its all the same! Well here the food isnt super greasy!! I love the grilled chicken options they have as well as their breakfast sandwich, but i get it without ham! The price is ok, you pay for what you get right? I also like their curly fries!

One weird thing is that they do not give a toy with the kids meals! Left my son hangin! Anway I come here when Im in this area.
No complaints- it is your typical J in the B with lots of options and specials. Friendly service, although the drive thru was pretty slow. I sampled my fries before I left and mentioned they were a little cold, so they gave me some fresh, hot fries and didn't want the old ones back. They never have a problem giving you extra sauces or anything like that, either.
Closest Jack's to my place.  Like coming here since they offer 10% off.  Decent deal to grab a burger or some tacos.  It's fast food so not much to say.  Just trying to get a bang for my buck.  Service is great and the place is clean.  Parking is easy since it's a big lot.
Ok guys, this is a fast food joint! So rating it like its red lobster isn't fair. They are always clean, there's good parking, and I haven't experienced long wait times.....but again..... it is fast food, so if you go at 12pm then c'mon!!!!!! I gave it 4 stars because the order does come out different at times, but the ratio is great.
You guys are great. I'm here at least 5 times a week and the order is always correct.
This location is always fast and they get the orders right every time. I have never been shorted an item. This place is usually very lean and the staff pretty nice.

I love Jack in the Box for one reason and one reason only-- TACOS!!! They are nasty greasy but OMG good. Me and the BF love to go here and order like 12 then come home and just stiff our faces. 

I have had a chicken sandwich here one time and it was also really good. I just can't bring myself to get away from these tacos. 2 for .99 is a great deal!!
Jumbo Jacks and their milkshakes are the two main reasons for me visiting Jack In The Box. This has been true since I was in college.  This location is clean, the staff are on the ball, orders are always correct and ready in a reasonable amount of time.

I am a fan, even though I try to cut back on fast food chains in general.
Love the seasonal chicken salad sandwich, the bread is soft and very fresh, the mayo dressing on the salad has a little twang to it, the apples and walnuts are fresh and crisp, but fries always stale.  

I got the combo, sandwich, curly fries and drink and it was $9, I thought that was a bit high, considering the fries were so bad, I threw them out!  Love the sandwich, would rather eat it with chips!
The service here gets worse every time.

We stop for fast food about once a month, usually when we are in a rush to be somewhere. Arby's has recently become my "go to" fast food spot, on account of the selection. Honestly, most of the sandwiches I get do not feel like fast food.

On this stop, it occurred to me that, every time we come to this Arby's (about once every 2 months), something happens that leaves us sitting in the car for 5+ minutes waiting for our food. They may as well close the drive through option at that point. While I do not expect the attendants to be the standard of professionalism, they do some ignorant things, like take the money before mentioning the "5-8 minute wait" and rush me while ordering. Also, be aware that the speaker box faces Durango, so it can be difficult to hear clearly, even when the attendant does attempt to speak properly. 

On this particular stop, the wait ended with a bag stuffed with napkins, 2 fresh sandwiches and rock hard, cold fries... I imagine that even your typical stoner drive through attendant would think the heat up some fresh fries after initiating the unexplained waiting period.

Do not stop at this Arby's if you want to be in and out or if you want a constantly prepared meal. We have not eaten inside, but I would guess that the tables are sticky and none of the salt shakers are full.
There's usually no wait here. Nice place to stop and grab some good Roast Beef Sandwiches! Tonight I'm trying out the number 12. Roast Beef, Bacon, and Cheddar!! Curly fries as always...
Maybe it's nostalgia, but I remember Arby's being better as a kid. Soggy buns, deli meet, and the cheese sauce is runny and lacking in flavor. I think the gas station nacho cheese from a pump is a higher quality. We gave them a chance thanks to some mailer coupons and I wish we paid full price at the sub shop across the street. The only thing saving this review from 1 star is the service. No wait (obviously, it was dead) but the two folks working were all smiles and friendly, even giving me a side of Red Ranch for no charge.
I used to like Arby's. Although prices are on the higher end of fast food chains, I have always been a fan of their Beef 'N Cheddar Sandwich (I usually ask for a sesame seed bun because I don't like the onion roll). 

Lately, both the quality of their food and service have gone down hill. I also used to like the French Dip and Swiss, but the last 2 times I ordered it, the sandwich and the Au Jus has been flavorless. A few times, I decided to try other things on the menu, like the Chicken Bacon Swiss Sandwich and the Jr. Ham and Cheddar Melt, but both were very very salty. 

Service used to be good. I have never seen this place busy, but the employees have always been friendly. However, when I came here the other day, the employee at the register didn't even greet me. She just stood there staring into space, waiting for me to say something first. While I was waiting for my food, I could hear the drive thru intercom inside the restaurant. The employees were pretty much laughing at everyone who used the drive thru. 

2 good things about this place: a very clean dining room and they give you a lot of sauce for no extra charge.
Took so long to get our food, 20 minutes is ridiculous. I get faster service at a sit down restaurant.

They messed up our order and the two people before us.

Problems? Large onion rings only half full. No cheese in the mozzarella sticks. 

The food is good but not good enough to justify the price vs wait time.

Thank goodness the beef and cheddar was delicious or it would be a one star
Took forever. Went through the drive through and ended up turning off my car after waiting for 7 minutes for one person ahead of me to get their food. Then waited another 9 minutes to get mine....horrible service. Ok food.
This is a review for my wife.  I was going out for dinner last night and she didn't want the food I was going to be having so I had to provide something for her.  After giving several choices, she opted for Arby's whose Market Fresh sandwiches she liked in the past.

I drove down and got a turkey ranch with bacon Fresh Market sandwich and an order of curly fries.  I was home in no time at all.  When I got in late last night, she elated how good her dinner was.  She liked the sandwich and the fries were something that haven't been in the house for years.

Now from my perspective, service was just OK.  The counter critter who took my order was lethargic and that's being kind.  After taking my order, she went about filling some others and motioned to me when my order was ready.  There was only one person in the restaurant besides me and only two cars at the drive through.

Overall, the place gets an A-OK rating.  My wife was happy, I didn't have to make something for her at home, and I was off to Bouchon for some French Bastille Day food.  Win win!
Came here to have lunch before a trip to Walmart. I'm not a big fan of Panda Express since I am accustomed to authentic Asian food, but at the same time it's not terrible enough to hate. This is a clean restaurant, but the portions were pretty stingy. At most Pandas they will give you a ton of rice and noodles to at least make up for the stinginess of the entrees (if they are even stingy with the entrees, it really depends on the person serving you), but not at this location. My bf pointed out that perhaps if we had ordered it for there we might have gotten more. I do like the outdoor seating. It's facing the parking lot, not the street, which made it quieter and more relaxing to eat outside. We'll probably be back to order our food for there, and hopefully they will not be so stingy.
We all know that this is not authentic Chinese food. But hey, Panda Express has been around for years and I have always liked them because they are cheap, fast, and their food keeps me full!  

This location isn't too bad. There are many parking stalls outside and the restaurant is clean. However, I do feel sorry for the employees who are working here. It seems like every time I stop by, there is only one employee behind the counter who has to deal with a long line of customers and no one else is around to help out. But even under all that stress, they try to be friendly and are always asking if I would like to sample any entrees. 

The main problem with Panda Express is that you don't know how long the food has been sitting there, and they don't make a fresh batch until they run out of something. Sometimes the fried rice is dry, the egg rolls are not crispy, and some of the other entrees may lack flavor. 

Over the years, I have become a fan of Pick Up Stix. But since they don't have any locations here in Vegas, Panda will have to do for now.
I remembered the food here being mediocre and I normally do not come here for Chinese food but I was in need of white rice and I did not feel like only ordering white rice from an actual Chinese restaurant.  I know what you're thinking...why don't you just cook rice at home yourself?  Sad to say, I am probably the only Asian person who does not know how to cook rice.  I know...way to fail at being Asian.

Anyways, the lady Jano helped me and her service was superb so I decided to get orange chicken, green beans and chicken, and chicken potstickers along with white rice.  All of the items that I ordered tasted better than I remembered.  I don't know if the stupendous service made me bias about the quality of the food or what but it's not bad for fast food Chinese food!
Rice wasn't cooked properly. Chicken was very good however.  Clean restaurant
This location is a 50/50 crap shoot seriously as there is no consistency in how they operate. It really all depends on who is serving up your plate and/or what cook is making up the food as it can be good or it can be bad!

I can go in one day and get a fresh tasty combo and it be wonderful and on the next visit get a combo that is skimpy and taste old, dried and hard.

This is the closest and most convenient location to my house so it gets the most business from me and sometimes my visit is OK and sometimes it sucks ass.

The shrimp dishes are a rip off as they charge an additional $1 however give you just a few pieces of shrimp which is mostly vegetables or whatever the shrimp is mixed in with. If I order a shrimp item than give me some damn shrimp, OK!

Get your free sample so that you don't have to guess and wonder if you will like the item or not as they have new ones from time to time. I was not crazy about the new surf and turf item they have so I am glad I sampled it and ordered something else.

I really like the honey walnut shrimp however it is not always made the same way, it can be sweet or less sweet and more of just a plain mayo taste. When I order something that taste good then I come back for it and it taste completely different that is an issue for me.

I much prefer authentic Chinese and Cantonese food however on the go this will do the trick for American style Chinese food. 

Consistency is key and they don't have it unfortunately!
My hubby and i always eat here on mondays its my day off usually :) the food is usually good and the service is only good if the lady takes ur order. 

The only bad service we feel we have is when the manager serves us our order he is very sloppy and we feel like he always has preference  and he served our to go in really small portions we saw he served the ppl behind us and he overfilled his plate... 

Now im not asking to overfill my plate but all im saying is be fair with everyone we all are paying for our meals!!!!! 

The restaurant is clean like i said usually the ladies working here are the best at serving !!!! Just a tip!!!
I live near this location so I eat here a lot, but every time I go in there, there is an Asian lady serving customers that so rude and short with me. She never has a smile on her face and looks like she hates her job.

Plus I asked her if I could order a panda bowl with half orange chicken and bejing beef...to which she growled "NO" at me...come on, give me a break it's a bowl. You can only put so much in it. I guess it's too much to ask of her to put a little less chicken in it and give me a couple pieces of beef. 

Well, I guess to think of it...maybe she's is not capable of making logical decisions...she after all working at a Panda Express
It's a dirty place, but go through the drive-through for the fantastic fried fish (don't forget the malt vinegar), and it's all good.
Yeah I get my fried fast food fish fix (5Fs!) here whenever I'm in town and around here.  Living in SF you don't get enough junky fast food and LJS definitely hits the spot - always get tons of tartar sauce - oh yeah!
Best friggin fast food seafood ever.

Location is prime. Service is always fairly quick. Hush puppies are crispy and lightly oily - just the way they should be. Clam strips and fish always taste freshly pulled from the oil. My order has always been 100% correct. I've honestly never been disappointed.

Actual customer service could be better. Fast food or not, it's your job to not appear too disgruntled. They get really stingy with the napkins and condiments - particularly tartar sauce. Whenever I politely ask for more, they always give me a pinched faced look and then WHACK! The tartar gets thrown angrily into the bag and shoved out the window.

But I don't care. I'll keep coming back for those delicious hush puppies as long as they stay fresh and cheap.
the food was great, but the interior of the place was old and run down.. People behind the counter weren't the friendliest. they also have a thing about not putting the napkins out for self service. You get only with your order...
Baja fish tacos- holy friggin moly delicious!!!!! :D and only 99!!!

I was very pleased with this particular location. Look if you're looking for high quality fish or seafood, you have to understand that this is fast food seafood and you wont find it here. BUT I have to say for fast food quality I LOVE LJ Silvers. And my new favorite item to get is their BAJA FISH TACOS!!

What I loved is that normally, I just get the fish platter but today I was feeling like a fish taco, so I rolled into LJS and ordered ONE fish taco to try out, when I got to the window the cashier asked me if it was my first time trying one and I said yes. He simply said "This one is on the house, if you like it- which you will, come back and see us again" :D so I got my first Baja Fish Taco Free! and not only that- it was AMAZING! The taco is big! get two and you'll be full. Then theres the sauce they put in it- and ITS AWESOME- has a little spice to it and it's mouth wateringly delicious... JUST TRY IT. You will be pleased!!
Chicken tacos for 2 bucks.
First time at this place after seeing a commercial for a "cod basket." Absolutely terrible, the food was saturated with grease, the cole slaw tasted old and the hush puppies were so unappetizing they should call them dead dogs!

The "Yum" corporation has failed with us on this one!
On my way back to the office and needed a quick bite.  The hushpuppies were calling to me so I gave in ordered the 2-piece chicken.  Don't judge me for ordering chicken at a fried fish joint.  It's actually pretty good (juicy chicken with a crunchy batter that's not greasy).

I wish they'd spruce up a bit so it doesn't look so sad.  A solid three stars for consistency in their food and good, friendly customer service.
Long John Silver's Store 31329 E Flamingo and Maryland Pkwy Las Vegas NV.

Went to this store ar12:33 PM today. What a disaster. The fish tasted like chicken, the fries tasted like chicken, the hush puppies (which were under cooked and doughy) tasted like chicken. All of it tasted like the oil was old and over used.  The crab cake tasted like salmon. No excuse for this. The table was dirty and even after being wiped down twice had food and gunk left on it. Both me and my friend both barely made it to a toilet with the runs after eating there. Stay away if you value your health and taste buds.
Only one refill is offered and the receipt is needed. Usually, there is a line for ordering but getting the order is somewhat quick. Typically, if it is a busy, the ordering process takes a while. Plenty of seating around inside of the Luxor food court area. No WiFi offered from this location.
If I was writing this review a couple of weeks previous, I'd be saying that eating in this Mcdonalds is kind of like eating in a Disneyfied Egypt. In Vegas, things change fast within a couple of weeks. As I write this, the Luxor food court and it's McDonalds are being remodeled. Gone is the Disneyfied Egypt environment, and the unique environment of this Mcdonalds and food court. When I looked at the diagram of the remodel (there is a picture I took of it for the review), it shows a design looks more like the Aria than Egypt. Hopefully this not going to be a further de-theming of the Luxor. It is still a special Mcdonalds, being that it is the one and only McDonalds in a pyramid. As far as seating, the beginning stages of the remodel seem to have added more.
   Focusing on the McDonalds, it is usually busy. But the lines move fast. A couple of months previous, I would write that the prices are inflated. Nowadays it seems that the majority of McDonalds have raised their prices. However this location does not offer the $1 deal on all size cold beverages.
  An interesting fact is that both this and the Excalibur McDonalds serve Pepsi beverages in lieu of Coke beverages.
  There is a high chance of me returning here. It is convenient when I hang out on the South Strip. I am also curious what it will look like after the remodel.
dont call my order number if you still haven't bagged my food yet, make eye contact with me, then let me stand there literally for a few minutes while you continue to prep and call out other orders. 

all i wanted was a 20 pc w/o the 15 minute wait and the attitude after i asked for sauce.
I stayed in the Luxor and it was very convenient to stop by this McDonald's and grab something. Sometimes the lines looked long but they went by quickly...I never waited longer than 3 or 4 minutes. They never asked to see my receipt for a refill...so maybe that rule that is mentioned in other reviews has changed. My only quarrel is that there isn't a refill machine as there are in other food courts.
The food was McDonalds, nuff said... My issue was with my cashier. She spoke little English and then she didn't give me the 6.00 portion of my 6.68.  She gave me the change, but no cash.  I looked at her and asked for the rest of my change and she said she gave it to me?!? Uh, no ya didn't...  I told her to look at my purse there is no cash in there... She acted like I was in the wrong.. She calls her manager who comes over and she takes her drawer and counts it in the back office.  Okay, so my food is sitting on the counter getting cold.  After about 10 mins the manger comes over and hands me $6.00 no I am sorry, thank you...nothing! The manger said to the cashier, it was $6 over... Thanks for the cold fries and aggravation!
Great for a hangover, totally awesome and fresh tasting (I mean for fast food that is!), I just can't in good conscience give a fast food restaurant a 5 star rating haha
I don't usually review fast food 'restaurants' but I had to say something about this McDonald's. We came here twice, based upon convenience alone, and it was a train wreck. 

First of all, what is up with the ordering/pickup organization? When I have to squeeze into the same window as customers ordering, when I'm attempting to pick up a burger, this is a problem. Also, it seemed like the person 'shouting' out order numbers couldn't muster up the enthusiasm to actually call the numbers loud enough for customers to hear, which caused some confusion.

And to top things off, I was put down for asking for napkins. Apparently, I was s'posed to know that napkins are in the fartherst corner of the food court. Shame on me for not knowing. I deserved the condescending attitude and to be treated like a moron. 

Never again.
After 2am the wait was horrible! Roughly about 20 minutes waiting to order, then another 10 minutes waiting for food that you would expect to be hot and fresh with the wait...nope! Light heated floppy fries, and almost stale chicken nuggets. Even the McDouble was warm (not fresh and hot).
Horrible service- people that work here look like they hate their Job and their customers. Pick-up system is very disorganized. 
The first time I went they forgot my drink. My boyfriend asked for it and the manager  looked offended and took a while to give us my drink. Didn't even apologize.  The second time they forgot my yogurt parfait. I didn't realize it until we got back to our hotel room. 
Awful, awful, awful.
Wouldn't give me a cup of water with my meal, bad customer service. Not enjoyable experience here at all.
This McDonalds was a freaking life saver when my girlfriend and I arrived and checked-in to Luxor at 1 AM!

Service at night was suuuper slow... not sure if its all the drunk people ordering that made it slow or they were understaffed, but that 10 minute wait seemed like 30. 

Came back 8 hours later for breakfast and I swear everything changed and my order was literally done within 20 seconds of me actually placing my order! Un-freaking-believable. 

Anyway, for the price... you get what you pay for. Inside your Luxor coupon booklet, you will find savings you can use for a few items... so use them wisely.
Omg wow send a random investor through the line wow
This McDonalds is located inside of the Luxor food court. We visited at around 2:45am after a night on the town. Seemed convenient enough. We were so wrong. It took an hour for us to get our food! We didn't eat until 3:45! 

The ordering line moves relatively fast. Then you wait for the short handed staff to take their sweet time making your food incorrectly (like my bacon quarter pounder with no freaking bacon!), only to have it ready after the five people behind you already got their food. Then you get to pick it up with the soda that they filled up for you at the time of your order. Warm, flat, iced down soda just goes so well with every meal, doesn't it?

Everyone waiting looked super frustrated. They really need to beef up their night team... no joke. I know most of the clientele at that time of night are stumbling drunks, but we are still paying customers and probably the MOST eager to get our food and run back to our hotels. Better service is deserved! 

Unfortunately the guy who passed out at the table while waiting for his food probably never even got his meal. He will only leave with memories of waking up in a random food court. Tears.

Ronald, for real, get it together over here!
McDonalds inside the Luxor food court. All the food was over priced vs typical McDonalds. The fries were soggy and limp instead of their usual golden cripsyness.
Although I am not a huge fan of chain fast food places, I do have to admit that I am addicted to McDonald's fries.  This place is your typical cheap fast food / food court eatery inside of a casino, so don't expect much.  Actually, it's a little worse than usual

Food:  Typical menu for McDonalds with your burger and fries combo meals.  I typically get a #2 (two cheese burgers) with a large order of fries and a Coke.  Burgers were what to be expected; really skinny, sloppily put together, a little bit on the salty side and lukewarm. Fries were about the same, not very fresh and lukewarm in temperature.  The worst part of the meal was the drink.  McDonalds from around the world have always carried Coke products, so I was hugely disappointed when the cashier told me "we don't have Coke, is Pepsi ok?"  I was in shock, and almost offended by this.  I'm not one of those "love Coke, hate Pepsi" crazy type of people.  I actually never drink soda, but when I splurge for fast food and get McDonalds I always get a Coke to drink.  Pepsi just does not taste the same with my fries.  I got a Dr. Pepper instead to drink and it just tasted wrong. 

Price:  Although the prices are a dollar or 2 higher than non-casino locations, McDonalds is still a cheap option for a quick bite to eat.  Their dollar menu is more like a "$2" menu, and their combo meals are still a good price considering that the food will fill you up.

Atmosphere:  This McDonalds is on the second story food court of the Excalibur casino.  There are a lot of other fast food choices there, and a lot of available seating all over the place.  You go up to the order counter, place you order, pay, and wait for your number to be called.  Drinks are self-service.  The seating area within the designated McDonalds area was a bit direct and crowded, but if you don't mind walking your tray around you can find much cleaning seating in the middle of the food court area.

Staff / Service:  Typical fast food cashiers.  Not much of a smile from them.  They punch in your order and hand you area receipt.  The food staff were running around and yelling at each other in the back, but again this is typical for McDonalds.
 
Overall, this place isn't really good, but it's not extraordinarily bad either.  Food could be warmer, staff could be friendlier, but it is a fast food chain so you can't expect too much.  They only have Pepsi drinks, so if you go in prepared for that you should be ok.
They serve breakfast all day!

What a plus, especially if you overslept and missed the cut off time for breakfast (10:30am).  We're on our way out and headed back home to Cali.  We wanted something light and enough to get us through for a few hours on the road.  A small and light breakfast was prefect at the time and we are glad they served them all day.

This place was just located a couple miles away from the Las Vegas Strip right on the main boulevard itself.  

Food         =     B+
Service     =     A
Decor        =     B
As young as the kid is behind the counter, he is so damn polite!

Its the JITB that has the typical Vegas neon (or these day LeD) lights to add to that Vegas feel.
JACK, WHAT WOULD ALL THE DRUNK AND HIGH PEOPLE DO WITHOUT YOU AT 2 IN THE MORNING?

That includes me because when you dont have much money and you're starving, 2 bucks for 4 tacos goes a long way!

This place is at what I think is at a nice location. It's at the beginning (or ending, whichever way you look at it) of the strip. Right next to them is a 24 hour gas station. Im sure hundreds of you that are reading this have made a stop here one time or another whether you were gassing up or just wanted to save money because of the expensive buffets the past couple of outings.

Service is decent about 80 percent of the time. A couple times I have done the drive through and it took forever to get my food. No, there wasnt a long line and it was at two different times of the day. 

Foodwise, everybody knows that their 2 for 99 cent tacos are what makes them a good choice. That and the fact that you can order ANYTHING off their menu is a huge plus. It's 8 in the mornig. Want a jumbo jack? Sure! 6 pm dinner time? How bout some mini pancakes? Ok!

So Jack, if you're reading this, dont change a thing! Oh, also don't stop making those funny commercials!
Who doesn't enjoy having breakfast for dinner? Brinner! I love that Jack in the Box serves breakfast all day long. I tend to pass by this Jack in the Box on the way home and it's right next to a gas station, nothing else really near it until you hit Town Square. I usually use the drive-thru and there is either no line or only a few cars ahead of me. I like that because I have places to go, brinner to eat.

It's a Jack in the Box, so if you're not into their food, you're not going to like it at any location. I happen to like an occasional meal at Jack in the Box and this is the closest one to me. The employees are fast, friendly, and the food is Jack in the Box delicious, so I can't complain.
Anyone else? Nope? Okay, then I guess I'll do it. I'll review Jack in the Box.

When I lived out east, I'd only heard the jokes and rumors about Jack in the Box. That being said, when I saw them sprinkled about out here in the West, I ... well, first I laughed and said, "Wow, those really do exist." And then I thought, "I will never eat there." Of course, I was wrong, as I made that decree before I learned you could get 3 eggrolls for a buck. And they serve breakfast 24 hours a day. And cheesecake shakes. Oh, Jack, you cater to my deepest, darkest indulgences.

I will say I have learned a very valuable lesson when purchasing sandwiches from Jack in the Box -- request them with NO MAYO. If you must have it, put it on yourself. Unless, of course, you're a fan of having an entire jar of Hellmenn's dripping down your arm. In which case, you will be in mayo heaven.

I have a secret I will share with you. Jack is my friend on MySpace.  http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=75304378&MyToken=111eb25b-d65e-4546-8f39-6fede72fcf3c
It's Jack in the Crack but worse because it's next to Sexxpresso and you're not there.  Good SCFries
Stopped in for breakfast and was not that happy. 

First, let me say that I HATE the kiosks that Jack has to place your order without a cashier. I have yet to figure out how to key in "No Mayo" and they don't accept coins. If your order is $5.01 prepare to get 99 cents in change back.

With that said it didn't bother me that the machine was not working and I needed to order at the counter. After some wait my order was taken.

The food was OK at best. No problems there after reminding them of the forgotten items. They might want to put a receipt on the tray and compare it to what is being served to provide people with the right food. Service was slow, but no more so than usual.

I give this restaurant 1 star because it was filthy! There were more than a dozen tables in the dining room, and none had been wiped off in hours. The floor was littered with trash, as was the front counter.

More important than the mess from their current business was the build up of dirt. The walls were filthy, with sheets of lint stuck by the a/c vents. The windows were dirty, but not as dirty as the light fixtures that were layered in dust.

I cringe at the thought of what the kitchen looks like, and I can safely say I never want to eat there again. I can't speak for other Jack In The Boxes, but I will think twice before walking into one.
(+)
-option of ordering at the kiosk instead of waiting in line

(-)
-dirty
-ghetto
-small
-locked bathroom that you have to ask the cashier person to open. 

I didnt order anything but i used the bathroom, they press something from inside that unlocks it. its not very clean....

my friends ordered from the kiosk which was handy and easy, no problems getting what they wanted.

small, only 10ish tables for 4 and 2 tables for 2.

this place is ghetto, sooooooo ghetto. unless you reeeeally want those 2 for a dollar tacos, go to in and out across the street instead (bigger, cleaner, but longer lines)

wish i wouldve read these reviews beforehand, wouldve avoided this place.
Location is in an area that's a bit run down, but food and service were great. There was a bit of confusion over my order (my fault, not theirs) and they happily swapped out what I'd gotten for what I wanted even though my new choice was more than twice the price.

Also, they have a groovy order kiosk where you can order in an online fashion if the counter lines are long.
My first jack in the box. Great experience. Ordered at the keiosk amd got some freebirs
Experience based on drive thru alone...  Stopped into this Jack in the Box location for breakfast as it seemed to be one of the few fast food places open 24 hours and I was heading out on a trip at 4am.  

It was my first time at a jack in the box and the guy at the intercom was extremely helpful and patient.  While the food was a cookin' he struck up conversation and said he was going to include some free things since we were visiting.  This guy and the woman packing the food really wanted to make our experience one worthy of 5 stars.  Our order was accurate and the free hashbrowns were hot and clearly not leftover food that was just sitting around.  

- 1 Star for the shady characters drinking 40s in the parking lot.
It has been so long since I did a review, I feel badly that I am doing this for Jack In The Box. Especially since I had done one a year ago for this same location... But my experience today was so bad I feel it needed to be documented.
I arrived at 5:05pm. There were two people in front of me at the register. When the man who was ordering was finished the cashier/manager walked away without saying anything. A few minutes had passed and she was still gone. I was 2nd in line and stepped to the Kiosk to place my order. Smart thinking on my part, not waiting till the cashier was back from break (or maternity leave).

My order was placed and I waited, and waited and waited. Being tall made it easy to look at the display monitor and see that my order had been in for a little over 10 minutes. But I kept waiting, and waiting.

At 15 minutes I flagged down the Drive Thru cashier. I told her it was obvious I was not getting my food, so could I get my money back? She called to the manager in the back that she needed a refund, then looked back at me and said "your food is ready. Do you want it"? I told her I would take the food.

She scrambled for a moment, then told the manager she better give me the refund. 
After a couple minutes of pushing buttons I was given my money back without an apology or even an explanation as to why I wasn't getting my food instead. I did get a snotty comment from her about them being short of help and how she needed to give the cook a break. (Seemed odd that the cook gets his break at 5pm dinner hour and the dining room closes, but like my brother says, "you can't argue with minimum wage").

I went home and began cooking dinner. As it cooked I took the online survey at "talktojackinthebox[dot]com" and gave a pretty bad review. Oddly enough, I had little problem with the slow service time. My gripe was the poor way my complaint was handled. 

Now, for the total shocker. In under 5 hours from submitting the online form I received a call from the store's General Manager. At first thought you would be impressed at just how important that feedback is to them. You might assume that someone in the corporate office saw that and called the GM at home to deal with it. As for me, I was thinking "Who the #@&# is calling me at 9:48pm"?

Being in that restaurant for more than 20 minutes without a single employee acknowledging I was there has me suspect they are out of touch with the customers. Calling me at 12 minutes to ten to talk about it just proves it.

So Jack, here is my summary: I love you commercials, but the customer service is worse than deplorable. If being short of help is the problem I will do everything in my power to assist you. By NEVER returning to one of your restaurants you will need less staff, therefore, you are no longer short of help. Problem solved!
this location is .7th of a mile from my house. great location. friendly service with excellent food. the east side is not that bad people come out your bubble!
I love me some Jack.

It's great food for what is. Give me an ultimate cheeseburger and I'm a happy guy.

Eaten here twice during my stay in Vegas. Once it went off flawlessly. The second time they packed the entire order in one tiny bag and forget some stuff. That's irritating and in Vegas traffic, it's not a matter of going back.

I'll probably avoid this location in the future.
The chicken teriaki rice bowl thing was pitiful.. But the breakfast 24/7 thing is VERY cool. 

Minus 1 star for at least 7 homeless ppl hanging out in the parking lot, it smelled like literal poop outside the place.
This recent trip was the first time I've been to a jack in the box in 10 years and the first time I've ever gone sober.  

I got off of work and was very hungry, realized I had no food at home, and made the impulse decision to stop in here.  There was no line so I ordered quickly.  My food was ready in a few minutes.  

First, these sandwiches look absolutely nothing like the pictures.  Smaller, grayer, and totally unappealing to the eye.  The taste was blah but whatever I just wanted some food in my belly.  

Second, the place was full of crazy people.  They were being loud and obnoxious and generally behaving like crazy people do.  I should have gotten drive-thru but ate inside because i was hungry.  

I plan on not going back for another ten years, or at least not when I'm sober.
I love their food quality and the price is great. I always get the Big Cheeseburger and two tacos. I love it. The managers are great!
Very nice store and clean.  Fast service & the manager Maria very friendly.
New modern design set up more lap top friendly with counter and AC outlets. Crew still is not a friendly as other locations. Other than that it is a McDonalds serving McDonalds
Very friendly service. Very nice Manager. ^_^
I've been rather disappointed in the McD's I've been stopping in lately, and I remember this being a total dive years ago. Came in for sodas-the staff is nice, the place is clean; then my cousin and I were very impressed at how well the team was communicating with each other.
Good morning, this morning before 730am myself and my fiance went to this mcdonalds drive-thru placed an order and left. We went to go wash when my fiance discovered a counterfiet $50 bill when he went back in his wallet with the receipt that was handed to us from the cashier that was working at this time. We made a first trip back to let the working manager there Chris told us"no this is real" we explained to him the money was to thick and it just didn't seem right. When he told us"oh no its real you see the face, its real" we went back to the laundrymat finished up our loads to wash made one more errund to a dollar general and then made a last stop at our local friendly speedeemart. I went into the store and try to purchase a few items. When I gave this same bill that we recived from this mcdonalds to the clerk as soon as she touched it she said to me"sweety this is not real" she advice me to put it in a slot machine if it spits it out its not real, I did this twice, only because I don't gamble and I was furious we made a third trip back spoke to another manager buy the name of John. He tried to tell us he can't verify what happened. Once we told him we were calling the police both the drivethru cashier and the manager chris who told us this bill was real left immediately together. I rarely I mean rarely eat out but I will not go to this location or any other location for this exact reason. My fiance is a porter and i am a Dental Assistant we are hard working honest people. I will be filing a report first thing Tuesday morning since it is a holiday tomorrow. Watch your currency please oh by the way the store number is#975 address 3815 south maryland prkway las vegas nevada 89109. Thank you and be aware of your
transactions
 Kelvin and Phaedra!
We stopped by last night to check out the McRib so this review is for that. I can honestly say that the McRib is McGross. The sauce cloyingly sweet, the meat had the texture of a sponge and after a couple bites I threw it out. Im not quite sure that the big deal is about with this sandwich. I do remember having one as a kid but like Twinkies somethings just taste better when you're young. 

The staff here was really friendly and while the sandwich was gross, it was served hot and fresh.
Yesterday I was starving so I stopped by here for a Southwest salad. To my surprise, this salad was full of fresh romaine lettuce and warm moist strips of pretty tasty chicken. This salad has only 450 calories which is a huge plus. They have two other types of salad for even less calories, but I bet they aren't as tasty as this one. I highly recommend going to McDonald for a last minute salad instead of the Taco Bell's Cantina bowl.
it's in not the best  condition, staff is small which creates long lines and also the food is not  so good, I had the impression that they change the  oil very rare . But  the ice cream is the same, is good!
The kid won't eat at Del Taco, so it's a two-stop lunch.  Fine.  

Ordered easily in the drive-thru, tended prompted to my a young woman with dual eyebrows (unusual, but not bad: the original set, and a second pair penciled about an inch higher; interesting look), and out the door again.

The girl toy in the kid's meal was a decorate-yourself little generic Hot Wheels car, but she's a tomboy and loves stickers, so no harm, no foul.
I really enjoy this location of the McDonalds. There are a few problems I have with it though. I have asked for water (this was twice within a fifteen minute period) and never received it. When I ordered three chocolate sundaes, they had no problem getting them to me! Just don't ask for something like water. There are also a lot of bums that hang out in there and it can become unsafe for kids. For the most part, John (the main manager) will drive them out of there after awhile. There are also a lot of teenagers which can become somewhat unruly. It is not in the greatest area, but it is actually a good location. The quality of the food seems great though...
Blah... I really don't know why I keep going to Panda. Maybe its my undying love for chinese food? Maybe its because its quick and convenient? Maybe I'm crazy?

Still yet to have anything more than an average experience at any Panda Express location yet I keep going. But I need to feed my cravings for chinese food in between jobs and this is the quickest and easiest way to do that without dropping too much money on the strip.

Food never seems to be hot and its average tasting at best. Yesterday I had the usual 2 item combo. This time I ordered chow mein as my side, chicken and green beans as option 1 and beef and broccoli as option 2. The chicken and green beans was flavorful but not hot enough. The beef was good but the broccoli was terrible.

Pluses for this location are its easily accessible and right across the street from Mandalay Bay. Its clean and the lady behind the counter was nice and gave me good size portions. Plenty of seating indoors and out.

Wish I could say I wouldn't go back but sometimes you do what you have to do. Chinese food why do I love you so much?!
Sorry to be a chain lover but i think Panda is awesome. yes it's not the most authentic thing around but it's tasty and if you pick the right dishes fairly healthy too.

Also the PE here is just a little more pricey then a PE outside of Vegas so that means it's very affordable if you get tired of BS Las Vegas prices for mediocre food.
i'm a fan of Panda Express but I gotta say this spot did not do it for me.  My orange chicken and beef and broccoli tasted mediocre compared to the many many other Panda's I've gone to (and I've been to my fair share!).  The workers were less than enthusiastic and were not generous with their portions.
Panda was crowded but the ladies behind the counter very fast & efficient.Hot & tasty food at a reasonable price.

4 Stars for Panda Express.
I work in the area so have eaten at this location numerous times.

The location is right across from the Mandalay Bay so due to it's proximity to major hotels it's often very busy which means a longer wait then other fast food joints off the strip.

The staff do their job. Nothing more nothing less. And like most Panda's the food is edible. Nothing spectacular here.
Worst Panda I have ever been to!

Worst staff and management of any fast food restaurant ever!  (I am just too lazy to call corporate and complain, but they just have no clue what they are doing.)

First, up charge on everything. Felt like a typical Vegas scam - but all of the food was an additional fee. Then, soda machine was out, informed staff and was told they would fix it. I sat, I waited, I sat, I waited, I sat, I asked, then waited some more. Then eventually the "manager" came out. I assume she was the manager, she had no name tag on, but she was wearing a different color tee-shirt. She said, oh, nothing is wrong with them, we checked it ten minutes ago. ???? What was I waiting for. I asked for a refund of my soda - she did, minus the tax ... she said oh, that is only $.02 - actually, I think it was $.12 - but not the point. Don't you refund it by entering it in the register? Strange ... and then, I commented my food was ice cold at this point. Told her I did not want any of it, she offered to bring over fresh food. Few minutes later, she brought me half of the order, and I waited another 10 minutes for the rest. 

Time for a training class in customer service 101.
The only good thing I witnessed here was the fact that my food they brought out to me  (they were out on the line) was hot and the young girl who rung me out was very nice.

The bathroom almost made me hurl and the floors/furniture was dirty. If you visit this one, use the bathroom before you go and bring hand sanitizer!
I really like Panda express. Some of their dishes have 450 to 500 calories per serving, but others have a much healthier alternative. Chicken with green beans, mushroom chicken, teriyaki chicken have 250 calories. Substitute your noodles or rice for steamed veggies or half of veggies and half another choice.

This particular place has quick service, the place is clean and the flavors are reliable. One of my favorite fast food places.

Jocelyn was the person helping us and she was bubbly, happy, talkative and was really great to deal with. A+ for her service!

Parking can be hard to find since it's on the boulevard and in a busy area, but most people are walking in this area.
When you want something quick on this side of town, Chinese, and reasonable, this is the place to go- been going to this one for years. I usually get the bowl with half white rice and half vegetables, with either the beef and broccoli or the mushroom chicken. I don't finish it, I save half for later. My husband gets the two item with half fried rice, half chow mein- beef & broccoli and orange chicken. Sometimes he gets the pork but only if it's lean. Sometimes, we each get an eggroll (when you complete the receipt survey within 2 days, this could be free). Fortune cookies come with your meals.

Uniform design for this fast food chain restaurant. Most of these restaurants are decorated the same: panda prints, red paint, tables/chairs, bar type tables/chairs. Free refills on sodas. Bathroom in one corner. Open kitchen- cut veggies in clear bins kept in the refrigerator- I love that, though sometimes the veggies are pretty chunky. Most of the food trays were full. There were three people working. This is a fairly busy but clean location that shares the parking lot with McDonald's. It wasn't as busy yesterday but then again, we got there past 1 pm though. Several strip malls in the area and close to the Boulevard Mall- convenient location.
When it comes time to Las Vegas, two days is nice, three days is perfect, four days is excessive, and five days merits an intervention. 

In January, I spent 11 straight days in Las Vegas.

For the record, I wasn't there because of a midlife crisis, messy divorce, falling in love with a stripper, gambling problems, alcoholism, or drug addiction. But clearly, a few of those might have played small roles. By the way, my therapist tells me I like to minimize.

I was there for work. But when I wasn't working, I had to eat. And sometimes, there's a rumbling in my tummy to get wasted, black out, and do unspeakable acts. And sometimes, I just crave Panda Express.

Unfortunately, the Chinese guy behind the counter makes an embarrassingly small plate of food. He scooped up a bunch of greasy chow mein and then adorned the plate with three little pieces orange chicken and maybe two pieces of honey walnut shrimp. And he served this atrocity with a smile on his face. I was so annoyed, I threw the plate at his face and poured hot & sour soup all over his body. Okay, that totally didn't happen. But the thought crossed my mind. Clearly, I need more therapy.

Instead, I ate my greasy snack and then walked across the street to McDonald's for a proper meal.
I can never go wrong with Panda! I don't think anyone can actually. It's usually kinda full but well worth the wait. Some people complain about  the price but the quality and taste of the food is well worth $7 or $8. This location can get be a little more occupied than others due to the location but like I said I don't mind. Great for dinner!
I feel like PX (can we please make "PX" cool?) gets a bad rap because it's "not authentic," but the only thing authentic about it is that authentic Chinese people never eat it. I'm sure I am not alone when I admit I have no idea who the hell General Tso is and isn't "sweetfire" really more like an oxymoron? 

My work recently had a quarterly luncheon catered by PX (really trying to make this happen here) and everything about the process was a breeze - we were able to order ahead of time, designate a point of contact at the location, show up, pick up, and head back to the office in the nick of time. The girl working the cash register was like a one-woman show, manning orders for here whilst coordinating orders to go, but still had us leaving with ours in tact. Except no chopsticks - this left a lot of my Caucasian coworkers severely more disgruntled than I expected. 

Just to be clear, oversaucing anything deep fried is not the formula for authentic Chinese food, but my team seemed to enjoy it and let's face it, Americanized Chinese food is like any other junk or fast food! It's quick, easy, and lasts a moment on your lips and forever on your hips. Xie xie.
The past week I had been slaving away in the kitchen and I was ready to eat out. I had to run some errands and while driving I saw this big billboard sign for Jack in the Box and I was like, "Oh Yeah!" but then I was instantly sad when I didn't see one immediately around. 

Nevertheless, I kept driving and I look ahead and I see Jack in the Box.  I quickly look over my shoulder and move over 3 lanes and quickly pull into the driveway. No other drivers were hurt, I should mention.

I was hot and tired, so drive thru it was. I got my two tacos on and they had a special running for the All American Combo for $4.99 so I said why not and went for it. I don't typically purchase burgers from Jack in the Box so I wasn't sure what to expect.

Randy, that is the name of the fella that serviced me. He was polite, cordial and very friendly. When he asked me if my order on the screen was correct and I told him I couldn't read it, he didn't make me feel bad or give a fuss, he politely repeated my order to me. Then when I get to the window and he takes my payment, he hands me back my card and explains that he is going to close the window on me but my food is being prepared and will be ready momentarily.

I think my jaw hit the ground. I was completely amazed at his EXCELLENT customer service. You know when you are at the drive thru and you feel like you are more of an inconvenience to the employee rather than a paying customer, or how rude they can be when they just shut the window on you and don't say anything? Randy provided STELLAR customer service. I was so dumbfounded by his most awesome job that I forgot to check my food when he gave it to me. By the time I thought about it, I was already in the street and it was too late. So I said to myself, "Self, just pray that is right when you get home." What I should have said to myself was, "Self, you know that fella Randy isn't going to mess your order up".

So I get home and guess what... My order was correct and he wasn't stingy with the taco sauce like some places are. He gave me just enough, four packets. These little things matter.

Onto the food - 

Burger: It contained to big meaty patties, melted cheese, mayo, lettuce ,tomato and I think onion. It was very tasty and I was a fan. This burger ain't no joke. I couldn't even eat half of it. I was stuffed but wanted to keep it eating it.

My fries were piping hot (even after my drive home). My tacos were not sloppily made and well, you can't go wrong with a fried taco.

I am definitely going to go back to this location. I need to see if my first time experience here was a fluke or the real deal. But let me tell you this, I never truly say to myself I need to go back to this fast food place. They are a dime a dozen and a huge corporation so the food will always taste the same but this service stands out above the rest. 

Today, that Randy, he made me fan. 

Thanks Jack!
I went with a buddy who wanted to get some tacos and a breakfast sandwich.  I had an Iced Tea and for what it's worth, it was good.  So here is why I gave the place 2 stars:

We walked in and the place wasn't that busy but the employees were running around like they were slammed.  There was no line when we ordered and asked the girl behind the counter how she was... She said she was "Stressed Out".  But, she was cute about it and didn't let it deter her from trying to give good customer service.  So, I give her one of the stars because she had personality and a good smile.

As we were waiting there was one person who was waiting for her order.  As we stood there waiting; we watched what was going on in the kitchen.  They were giving out wrong orders at the drive thru and had to redo things.  Buzzers were going off and not answered.  Anyhow, we got our order before the girl who was before us.  It took about 15 minutes for us to get in and out.

But, who knows, maybe we caught them at a bad time.
They always have really fast  service always have smiles on there faces they don't look mad at the fact they have to work.   They always don't rush me to order the food and if I make a mistake they don't get mad.  Bathrooms are always clean
Omg those biscuits in the morning are so soft, like biting into two puffy clouds with sausage, egg and cheese in between them! Yum!
It's fast food and I know you can't ask for much. When I ate here, it was slow and some of the tables were dirty. The employees could have taken advantage of the down time to clean. I got a good deal on a burger, but the mayo on it tasted old and awful! Thankfully I didn't get sick.
lets see....

they must have a slimmed down menu at this location. 

i wanted popcorn chicken and it wasnt on the menu. i had to settle for 5 hot wings, potato wedges and a soda for 5.00. i maybe had 5 wedges total in the box. and the wings were overcooked and not very flavorful. 

i was disappointed and I feel ripped off. i should have went to mcdonalds next door
I am not a fan of KFC. Not at all.

However, I do love their spicy chicken wings. I wish they weren't so freaking expensive. Oh and I do like their cole slaw.

We went through the drive-thru and we had to wait for our food. My husband happened to go inside because he was thirsty and wanted a drink.

Turns out they had set our food on the counter and no one was bringing it out and my husband just had a sneaky suspicion that it was ours, so he asked and what do you know? 

At least it was still piping hot.
Today we are craving fried chicken.  I am not a big KFC fan, but my hubby wanted to try it and they were having a bucket sale, so we stopped in.  Why this location?  We just happened to be on that side of town.

We got the bucket deal, half regular recipe and half extra crispy.  We got two sides, biscuits and drinks  The food came out quickly, was fresh and nicely cooked.  We enjoyed the meal and had left overs for lunch the next day.
Okay so this non KFC fan has been converted due to their hot wings. I just love the fact that they are crispy and juicy.

I have found they key to ensuring fresh, hot delicious ones is ordering a 20 piece. I will always have to wait but it is well worth it in in my book.
 
Even left over, these wings are still crunchy and crispy. I have got to figure out what they put in the batter.
Great service by KFC employee Marquese.. Kind of unheard of..
THIS IS A REPEAT REVIEW...I JUST WANTED BOTH LOCATIONS TO GET COVERED......THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!!!  WELL, AS HARD AS A TURKEY/CHICKEN PLACE CAN ROCK!!!

I wasn't sure what to have for lunch today, and I remembered I was close to one of the only remaining Farm Baskets in Vegas.  I guess I mentioned it out loud and my co-worker Angie got all excited....

Angie : "OH MY GAWD Y'ALL!  Do you go there ( Farm Basket ) for Cluckeeto Tuesdays?!?"

Me :  "No Angie, what's that?"

Angie :  "Ya'll can git 3 Cluckeeto's for $2.  But they don't come with sour cream, just cheese."

That was all I needed to hear. Farm Basket was all over Vegas when I was a kid.  They were even inside Pizza Inn, but, alas Pizza Inn is gone too.  But, fortunately 2 Farm Basket locations survived over the decades.

Farm Basket is a true "fast food" treat.  Best known for the "Gobbler"  ( a piece of breaded fried turkey breast served on a long roll with cranberry sauce and Miracle Whip.....oh mama!)  and best known by me for their fantastic turkey fat fried and salted french fries.  (YUMMMY!!!)

So....I had a Gobbler, some French Fries, and a few Cluckeetos.  I'm full....MUST...TAKE....NAP!!! Zzzzzz. ( See that means I fell asleep.)
They claim to be the very first drive thru, but I cannot verify this. What I can verify is that no other fast food chicken sandwich compares to Farm Basket's Clucker. I can honestly tell you that once you try one, if you haven't already, you WILL be addicted, so proceed with caution. I don't know how many are left in Las Vegas, but the one Farm Basket that I go to is on Tropicana, and it is a little ray of sunshine on this otherwise regular street. The Clucker meal is a chicken sandwich, fries (with the best seasoning I have ever had) and a drink. The sandwich comes with miracle whip mayo, and a side of cranberry sauce. It is fried outside, and juicy and tender inside. I really didn't think I could fall in love with food, but guess what, I did. My boyfriend is jealous, but I can't help myself. They also offer the Gobbler, which is a turkey sandwich, and it's tasty, but not as great as the Clucker. If you are super hungry, they have buttery corn of the cob, and lemon butter biscuits...Enough to clog the healthiest of arteries, but worth it. For a place that only offers chicken and turkey, Farm Basket knows what it takes to create the perfect chicken sandwich...

Recommended meal: The Super Clucker Special, supersized, for super satisfaction!

Recommended side: The lemon butter biscuits. So so so sticky, so keep some handy wipes nearby...
I loved this place. Unfortunately it closed down. Some Burrito joint is opening up in it's place. Too bad. Now the nearest one is on Charleston. unless they closed down too.
Service here is surprisingly good. These guys make sure you get your food in a timely manner. One time they messed up my order. As soon as I pointed it out, they apologized and quickly fixed the problem. The only thing that kinda irks me is that just about every time I use their bathroom, it seems that they never have any paper towels to dry my hands. 

As for the food, if you didnt already know, 90 percent of their food is fried. Which means it tastes really good while at the same time its kinda actually bad for you. Oh well, you know what they say. All in moderation! They do have some grilled items available which is quite tasty. But come on, thats not what you really came here for, right?
I've always been treated just fine here, but on Tuesday, May 29, 2012, I had the HONOR of meeting GINA.

I had a rather LARGE order of chicken planks to pick up for myself and some friends, and GINA went out of her way to not only give me the chicken, but ALSO to give me a few additional "goodies" to apologize for my having to wait so long for my food.

I tried to explain that, "the longer it takes, the FRESHER and HOTTER it will be," and that I really didn't mind waiting as long as I did (in my car, after ordering at the drive-through), but GINA wouldn't hear of it.  She insisted (in a most pleasant, friendly and polite way) that I accept the "extras," so I did.

GINA (an African-American girl, in case there is more than one GINA there), is an excellent example why I will ALWAYS go to that specific LJS location, when given a choice.

Dedication to complete customer service is what GINA is all about, and I bet that one day, she will be the General Manager of her own LJS location.

She's certainly got MY VOTE!
The good news:  Big Catch is the best thing these folks have done in a long time!

The bad news:  As soon as we made it a habit to pick up a Big Catch -- they killed it.

The good news.  The staff here is very pleasant and have to say "I'm sorry" a lot, but they do it with aplomb.  

The bad news.  They have to say "I'm sorry" so much because of a lousy ordering system where they are always out of something.  Soft drinks one day, shrimp another day, onion rings another day.

But, since I seem to know what they are out of so often, I must like it enough to keep coming back.

I miss the Big Catch!!
Sucks! Seriously they take cc thru the drive thru but not inside! Wth!!! There is absolutely no logic in that so after I ordered and tried to pay I was refused (even though I go thru the drive thru all the time! So I pointed out there was no signs anywhere saying that and they still refused. So I took my crew down to the one on boulder highway (where we ordered the same thing and it was cheaper) and paid inside with a card!
I know, really, I'm writing a review of McDonald's? Well, there is a good reason. I always pass this McDonald's when I work at a convention on the strip. It's just on my way. I do not eat a whole lot of McDonald's, but sometimes those Golden Arches just call to you.

Usually when I am on my way to work it is early morning and I have just run out of the door and I haven't eaten anything. I tend to swing through this McDonald's through the drive-thru. Usually I just get a coffee (I do have an affinity for their coffee btw), but sometimes I get the breakfast burritos. I won't lie, I'm addicted to these things. Um, I'm not even sure what is really in them, but I really don't care.

Anyway, my experience with their drive-thru staff is always awesome. When it is early in the morning and the McDonald's employees are still being really nice and happy I think that is a good thing. So props to this Mickey D's, you've earned my admiration even if you are a fast food establishment!
This location is consistent with being inconsistent.

I frequent this location because it is close to my house. ONLY REASON.

I pretty much order the same thing every time:

4 piece chicken nugget happy meal, ranch for my dip, for a boy and a apple juice. 
Absolutely nothing special.

Yet, every time they forget something. One day it is the fries, next it will be his toy, some days it is the sliced apples. 

So I have to make sure I check my order every time before I leave the drive thru window.

And the inside is always dirty. Always.
This location has always been a bit seedy. I guess they have problems with the homeless trashing their bathrooms because they make you ask to use tge bathroom & then buzz you in which is extremely inconvenient when you have toddlers who can open the door from the inside. 

The service was friendly enough, but the guy didnt have change, and though i ordered (and paid for) extra ranch, it didnt come with my meal. 

The kids area has been recently renovated. I cant say its an improvement. They took away the toddler slide area to add more seating. They didnt add that much more seating, and i miss the toddler slide for my kids. 

This location is also homeless central. There are always three or four ppl begging on the corner, and often asking for change when you walk in or out. While I dont mind giving to those less fortunate than myself, i dont like being accosted by an army of them like a zombie apocalypse. 

Three stars. Would be less except the play area looks like a big tree house , which thrilled my kids.
My son and I always go here for lunch! I really like it, but you know like any other typical PE wha are you gonna get? Orange chicken, haha. The girl server is super nice and hella quick, and the cashier is also sweet.

The lo mein is yummy as is the chicken with green beans! Jyst thinking about it right now is making me hungry! 

We will go back whenever we're down there!
Just love this place as do my kids. Servers are super friendly and fast :) :)
Usually empty on Saturdays for lunch. Quick and easy service and the kids love it. There is certainly better Chinese to be had, but for a simple and quick lunch, this place is clean and efficient.
Just got home after going out and trying to figure to get for din din for the family.  Got Carl's Jr for two people and Wendy's for the rest of the gang.... LOL.... For my son and me, I got the #11 combo which is the boneless wings with fries and a drink... We both got a Honey BBQ flavor and Spicy Chipotle for my Lil Sister. The combos are sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yummy that Lil Man was done eating before I started eating. LMAO.. It was just right!!
You can't go wrong with a salad from Wendy's!  I also love their Value Meal Chicken sandwiches.  I really like their "pick 2" menu....allows for a healthy salad and a little treat like fries or a shake on the side!   When I want to grab something quick...Wendy's is always at the top of my list of considerations!
The food is always good here and the service depends on wether or not you use the Drive-Thru. If you walk into the lobby and order the service is usually great. They walk around and ask for refills and are generally concerned how your meal was. If you go through the Drive-Thru they are rude, 1/2 fill your drinks and really don't care if they get your order right. The last two times I had to use the Drive -Thru I made sure I checked my order before leaving (which I got crap for) and found that they had given me the wrong bag. 

Bottom line is that this is a good place to go if you are in a hurry and want some decent fast food.But make sure that you are not that much of a hurry that you need to Drive -thru because its all down hill from there!
Worst Wendy's I have ever been to. 
Drove Thru at Midnight, me and 4 other cars had to pull around to the front. I had to wait 17 minutes for a Baconator combo. Then when it finally came out, the worker forgot the fries and the Coke and put ketchup on the sandwich which I asked for without. 
Are you fricken kidding me? WTF?
Wonder why people laugh when anyone suggests Wendy's.
The food is always good but if you go thru the drive thru the staff is ALWAYS RUDE. I know better not to be fuck with people who make my food, especially since I love grabbing a quick snack after I get off work. Double check your order too BEFORE you drive away especially at this location...
This place just keeps getting worse every time I visit. From issues with the Drive Thru to issues with employees and managers not caring in store... this is by far the worst Wendy's in Las Vegas.
Always have my order wrong. I hate that!!!
Typical jack in the box.  Clean.  Staff is friendly.  Drive thru open 24 hours.  They have the self-serve kiosk, which means you can get free tacos from time to time.

Personal favorites include:
egg nog shake during the holiday season
tacos
ultimate cheeseburger
Got the waffle breakfast sandwich, it was ok.  Make sure you get a pack of syrup.  It gets really messy!  DONT EAT AND DRIVE!
On Thursday, 5/8/14, I ordered chicken nuggets, fries, and mini-churros from this Jack In the Box. I got the worst food poisoning. I had to go to the ER, and that is the first time I have been there in 20 years. 

I would stay away from this restaurant.
KFC. What I thought was always a dependable source of decent, quick and tasty fried chicken has lost some of its pull when they decided to offer the grilled chicken alternative. 

I can understand in a business stand-point on why they started to offer the grilled selection. I don't see how they are actually cooking the chicken itself and if it is truly grilled as they claim. 

When I bit into one of these "grilled" chickens, it was almost the texture of a rubber tire and as greasy as their fried counter-parts. The portion was quite small and the taste was far from anything grilled that I have tasted before. It did have some fake grill lines as to promote that they are actually grilled. I beg to differ.

I remember when they used to serve a roasted chicken selection which was a huge favorite for myself and some of my friends, however, they discontinued it a long time ago and never brought it back. I really miss it. 

So what is KFC doing exactly? I have no clue. The executive team probably thought it was a brilliant idea to bring grilled chicken to compete with El Pollo Loco or some other similar grilled chicken joint. They need to stick to what they know best and continue to make a good product. KFC also seemed to have modernized their stores a bit. I find it a little odd, but ok I will take it. 

As for a fried chicken fast food joint, KFC still takes the cake as far as taste goes. I just hope they don't make stupid blunders like this whole marketing campaign to try their rubbery, tasteless, heaping pile of crap they decided was their "hot" new product.
As I pulled in, I see two employees smoking out back. I walked into the restaurant, there are two more employees eating at a table. One of the smokers ran in to take my order. After my order was taken, the other smoker came in to help fix my order. Neither washed their hands. The two employees in the dining room just sat and stuffed their face while making a complete mess. All of this happened at 11:45. You would think thy lunch time would be the time to see employees at their best. If this is their best, I would hate to see what happens when they're not taking their job seriously. 

I will not return to this location, EVER!

The down side to this review; the food was good and fresh.
OK so its a KFC, fast food should be judged and compared to its peers. That being said no it is not Popeye's bit to quote Oscar Madison, played by the late great Jack Klugman. "I like that man I trust his face." There is something very American about a cat working in a gas station and saying, hey let's sell the hell out of some fried chicken. And sell they did. Yes they need to work on the sides, would french fries kill you, and what the devil happened to the the Colonels Greens? Still it doesn't matter if you like Original Recipe or Extra Crispy we can all agree that KFC is a classic. Now I want some chicken, curse you KFC for being so close to my house! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Food was mediocre as was expected, however after eating and getting a refill of my drink I found that my cup was full of ants. Never eating here again.
Now I love KFC in general, their original recipe & their crispy strips. Every time I go to this particular location close to my house, it's filthy, all the tables are dirty, the employees don't seem to care about anything. My biggest complaint is, now this is the second time this has happened to me at this location, I order a 12 piece crispy strip meal. I get home and there are 8 crispy strips and 4 boneless chicken with some breading that's spicy & my kids won't touch. Did they run out of crispy strips & just threw those in there knowing I wouldn't find out until I got home? If I wanted boneless chicken then  would have ordered it. From now on I will be going to the KFC on Silverado Ranch & Maryland Pkwy. The place is immaculate & the employees are efficient.
Basic KFC with a basic drive thru. Service was standard and food was standard as well. Nothing particularly notable about this location and I have no problem stopping by when I'm in the neighborhood next time I'm in the mood for a quick bite.
Lightning fast!  This location is always super, super fast and the food is always a good quality.

They keep forgetting the biscuit in the meals or not asking me which dipping sauce I'd like with what I order, so that's a big bump down.  I usually find out after I get home, and since it's not the main part of the meal I don't bother going back.

Still, when it comes to fast food, it's hard to find a place that has good quality and this one is up there.  I'll keep visiting - mostly for my fianc, not me.  =)
I will just lay out the differences from the other 3000 Jack in The Boxes around town.

1. Very friendly staff every time I go thru the drive thru
2. Drive thru seems faster than most
3. Restaurant is cleaner than average
I love the 1$ drink promotion, though I am sad their tea is now concentrate not fresh brewed..but they are always SO nice every time I went through the drive through for a tea and brownies at 7am, yes pregnancy does weird things to people:)
Another typical Jack in the Box location. They aren't particular remarkable. Like most, they are fast and efficient. The service is friendly and they are accurate with their orders. 

I have no qualms about stopping by the next time I'm in the area.
Went today to try the Fajita Ranch Melt.  The sandwich was OK, nothing too special.  I would never want to pay $3.99 for it though.  I only got it because I had a coupon which got the sandwich free with purchase of a large drink.  It was not big enough to be worth the price.  Aside from this visit I have been here many times and I am usually happy with the service, but mostly I come here with coupons looking for a cheap alternative.  Can't beat the cheap 2 tacos for 99 cents.  I would consider giving JITB 4 stars for the breakfast alone though because it is so much better than any other fast food place.  Overall, good food, can be pricey or cheap depending on what you want, and the service is good, but don't expect too much because it is still just a fast food restaurant.
Ok I am not ashamed to admit that on occasion I like to slum it with some fast food. Jack In The Box has a great hook. When you get your receipt there is a stamp on it that entitles you to TWO FREE TACOS on your next visit after 2 PM! I also want to recognize the staff at this particular Jack In The Box, they are always very nice. The restaurant is always clean. If you are not in the mood for tablecloths and fine dining stop by, don't be such a  snob. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
It's fast food, not real healthy, some what good, and it fills the void when you can 't go someplace better.
Jack in the box is just a normal fast food place. Not great but not bad. I like 2 minutes away from it so I go there a lot and have started to become sick of it. 
The 2 tacos for a dollar is a good deal. They are yummy. 
The jr bacon burger is also really good. 
I like the teriyaki chicken bowl. Didn't even know they had it for a long time. 
Their curly fries and potato wedges are really good. The wedges are really greasy and look kinda gross but they are good. 
Their hamburgers are meh.
We always eat here but, mostly by drive thru. This time we decided to go inside. Only one person in the seating area. As my husband placed our order blueberry oatmeal and crossiant egg sandwich with hash brown I went to sit down.
They have only one full booth and a half booth the rest were table and chairs. I sat down at the table and the chairs were very uncomfortable. We moved to the one booth. MUCH BETTER. 
My husband went to use the restroom and he said they did not have soap to wash hands with and its the only place to go to , so that meant the male workers weren't using soap after the bathroom. He told the manager and all she said was OH, we will look into that.
Most of the tables and the floor was dirty and this was 9:30am. My hash brown tasted like it was cooked in old oil. But, I do have to say the Blueberry oatmeal was wonderful!!
I don't know what it is about Panda Express- they just seem so boring to me.  Their foods are pretty fast-food, pedestrian, ho-hum. Fine for a quick fix.  I can't score them poorly because they do their job just fine.  The restaurant seems clean and although the line is a bit long sometimes, service appears to be pretty steady.  I rarely go to Panda Express but if you know exactly what you want here, it's an easy place to pop into for a quick meal or takeout.
Panda is good, quick food. I don't know if it's considered Chinese food. It's more like americanized Chinese food. I like it every now and then. We eaten at this location twice in a month or so. It's clean, quick, and food is good.
Since panda express is a chain its all around so everything is the same. The service was pretty good. They were very friendly and the restaurant was clean
I live in Vegas and I have been to a number of Panda Express Restaurants and all have served very good food.  I like my food steaming hot and in particular this Panda Express off Silverado is the greatest.  I especially love their iced tea.  Too bad :( they do not have a drive up, but that's ok.  It's worth getting out of the car even to take home THE TAKE OUT.
Pretty much any other Panda Express I would give a 3 star rating, but this is the second time in a row that my food was stale.  The coating on the orange chicken had turned into some sort of crystallized membrane.

I also witnessed them mixing in an old batch of food in with a new tray.  This is a serious health code violation.

At 9 bucks for noodles, two entrees, and a soda it's almost better to go to an all you can eat chinese buffet for around the same price.

When ordering "to go" they never include utensils.  It really sucks when you come home and realize that you don't have a fork.
I definitely am a big fan of the panda express chain, and just so happens 2 be closest 2 my house. :-)
Peppered shrimp is awesome with brown rice and fresh asparagus!  This is my go to place for a lunch on the go.  The staff is friendly and always willing to let you sample the dishes and pick a new favorite.  Cleanest Panda I've been to and cool/chic decor.
Guess my taste buds are changing as I get older!  I love this place now!  I love all the shrimp dishes!  The walnut shrimp is crunchy and sweet yes with walnuts in them.  OMG, I was in heaven.  I haven't been in a Panda Express for over 7 yrs.  Now that I've revisited it, I love it.
Horrible service every single time I come here for my food. But I just love the spicy eggplant tofu, so deal with it. But they are always out of it or just don't make it. They tell me it will be made if I order two orders of it,which I do and wait for 10 mins for it....and then they fill other others with it while I had paid and waited for it. Manger has the worst attitude, and on certain nights there is another young lady that has the worst squeaky accent ever and she talks to you like she is demanding you to order something.....I finally have decided to move on from this place....I just hope corporate re trains their staff In customer service.
So they were out of brown rice today. There are signs all over the store that say "we now have brown rice" and when I go to order it there is none. The cook was laughing when he said it would be 30 minutes until it was ready. Bad customer service.
The staff here makes the place great! Every time I come here the employees are prompt, polite and really friendly. 

And the KFC bowl is heaven in a dish.
How the hell does this place have five stars!!! This is the closest KFC to my residence so I am forced to go to this one when I'm craving chicken littles. I am not writing a bad review based on one bad experience either! This is the third time this has happened and its shocking at how LAZY this staff is!! A chicken little consists of two bread buns, the chicken, a spread and PICKLES. Three different times and not even in a row I have ordered a total of 4 chicken littles and not one of them had pickles on it. 

A Bunch of Idiots work here so PLEASE save yourself the anger and drive somewhere else or dissect your food in the drive thru before going home to disappointment.
Seriously? This place hella sucks. Customer service is just bad!

Sooo I went through the drive through and the lady on the speaker too her sweet time asking what I would like. I asked about a few things and decided on a mixed 10 piece bucket thing. She stated I could get 2 boneless breasts then a mixture of anything else. I did just that, I wanted 2 BB and the rest legs. OF COURSE they were a few short of what I wanted so she offered more breasts to which I accepted. She gave me my total, which was not the same as she had quoted earlier and I proceeded to the window. A different lady then gave me ANTOHER more expensive total and I asked why? "Because you added more breasts" I rebutted that the order taker offered since they were out and the cashier shook her head and reassured me I would need to pay the upcharge.

Don't offer something because you ran out of an item then expect the customer to pay. And 3 different totals is no bueno!

I asked for my card back and left. Customer service is horrid and the employees seem like they hate their jobs. 

No Yay! for you!
The food was fine.  However, there was no one in the restaurant but us after 9:00 pm.  We waited so long, probably near a half an hour to get chicken, hot wings, chicken pot pie, and chicken bites.  This cost about $23.  This seemed like a lot.

The place also wasn't super clean.

The guy that took our order had a really hard time with it.  Maybe he was new.
First off, I have never had any problems here with delays or "jacked" up orders. I usually come by here late nights for a munchies run. 

The staff has always been friendly to me, the service fast compared to some "fast" food places I have been, and the food always good for what it is.

As to another review here I always get butt-loads of condiments where i actually have a little horde of sweet n sour sauce's banked up in my fridge lol.
I love Jack in the Box, but this location is pretty spotty on service and food quality.  I've eaten at at least a dozen Las Vegas locations and often order the new breakfast sandwich which has waffles for rolls and it is awesome.  At my last visit to this location they served it on tasted really hard crusty waffles instead of the usual moist soft waffles.  It was almost like they toasted them.
"Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions, on a sesame seed bun."  Has a nice ring to it, right?  

Too bad that is for McDonalds Big Mac and not Jack In The Box's Bonus Jack.  The Bonus Jack just falls short, in my opinion.  I'm not sure if there were onions on it or not.  Shredded lettuce for sure.  But what looked like possible onions may have been,  in fact, tiny bits of lettuce.  And there was no sesame seed bun.  The sauce is different too.  More red than the secret sauce on the Big Mac and a bit sweeter.  The burgers are very similar to each other.  Call me a traditionalist but I prefer the Big Mac hands down.  From the onions to the sauce, the Big Mac is a superior classic.
Waited for about ten minutes to have my order taken and everyone in the back obviously saw me but didn't chose the acknowledge me. After waiting for that long I just decided to leave and they didn't even say anything nor apologize for the wait. Terrible customer service
This McDonalds is so close to my place that it's become a task to try not to stop by here on my way home.  So far I have not encountered any problems with either the staff or the food here and the service is still quick.  That's about all I can ask for in a McDonalds.  Keep up the good work.
Like I have said before, having children makes it nearly a necessary thing to be at McDonalds about once a week. This isn't always for Happy Meals (we prefer home cooked food to fast food always - especially for our kids), but I don't mind treating him with a soft serve cone or a Sprite on the way home from the park, or maybe when he's been really good at the grocery store. They also tend to be a good caffeine fix for me when I don't feel like the Bux. 

This McDonalds is on the way to "Grandma's House" so we make stops here more frequently than any other on this side of the valley. We've never encountered any problems more than the occassional broken straw here. Employees are generally pleasant. How much better could a Mickey D's get?
My son loves to go to the play place, usually the kids are nice, the parents are nice too. Employees are polite for the most part, bathrooms are clean. Sadly this area has more crime each time I come here so I just stopped going.
this place blows! the drive thru girl is rude and worried about her moped out front instead of my order! she doesnt like my brittish accent and her boss tells me to be quiet while ordering! what the heck?! screw you alaina!
This is a nice McDonald's.  The place is always clean, the staff is friendly, and it usually isn't too crowded, except for the drive thru, which always has a long line any time of day it seems.  The inside seating area is always clean and well stocked.

I come here with my daughter so she can play in their play area.  She is 18 months and loves all of the climbing this McDs has.  This play area is always nice and clean as well.  In fact when we are there, someone is always cleaning it or just finishing up cleaning the area.  They even go through the tunnels and all.  It is a nice place, especially on those blistering summer days when it is too hot to go to the park.

My only complaint would be that they hide the sweet tea behind the counter.  I am a sweet tea addicted and it is a little annoying to have to go up to the counter to get a refill, especially when you have to wait in line with everyone ordering.  I need my sweet tea fix and waiting just doesn't count it.  

Overall, it is a nice McDonald's.
Yes, I often indulge myself with the fine cuisine that is found at my local McDonald's.  OK, OK really I try not to go there that often unless it's the only thing to eat or I'm hankerin' for a damn McNugget (which by the way I still HAVE NOT found which part on the chicken the nugget is on).  Addictive with Hot Mustard.

I went here exclusively this day because of the current coupons that came in the mail.  There were a bunch of decent ones, particularly the ones that are promoting you try the new McCrap...oi...I mean McWrap.  This is almost as catchy as that 'Fishay, Fishay' song from the previous McDonald's food campaign for Fish McBites over the Easter season.  I swear if I see a wall of fish singing this tune to me at any location I will make like Grizzly Adams and run for the hills.  

I took my McWrap coupon and waltz into my closest McDonald's.  The visit's coupon was for a free McWrap of my choice with the purchase of any menu item (including the $1 Value Menu).  I got me a $1 Sweet Tea (1/2 & 1/2 to avoid extra sugar) to go with my McWrap.  I chose the Chicken & Bacon McWrap, grilled.  Oi, why McDonald's thought this thing could compete with a $5 footlong from Subway I don't know.

My Chicken & Bacon McWrap was really MEH.  The chicken was ok but was on the cold side, and my bacon?  Damn stuff is the same thing they put on your typical McDonald's breakfast fare.  Skinny and not much flavor.  The chicken was warm enough that it completely wilted the Spring Mix type lettuce in my McWrap.  Either that...or the Spring Mix was not cold to begin with!  I hate that.  Overly soggy lettuce.  Bleech.  The tomatoes that came in my McWrap were warm as well.  Not to mention, I have a feeling my McWrap was made prior to my ordering because the tortilla it came in was showing signs of sogginess too.  Not made fresh me thinks!  These guys and their speed over quality sometimes.

Taste?  I rather have a wrap somewhere else and pay a bit more.  The flavors just weren't that great to justify a regular price of $4 per McWrap.  If I didn't have this coupon I wouldn't have bothered trying it.  The best part about the McWrap was the damn box it came in!  It was cool & hip, and I felt like I was unwrapping a present when I tore through that seal.  But other than that, nothing.  I would have much rather used the coupon for a free Happy Meal with purchase.  I love those things!  But only when they come in the actual Happy Meal box with the Golden Arches handles, not in a friggin' paper bag.  Grrrrr....I hate it when my Happy Meal comes in a regular bag.  Makes me NOT happy.

Anyway, this trip to McDonald's was a bit of a bust.  Was hoping to give them a chance with this new fandangled McCrap...darn it there I go again...McWrap, but it just didn't impress me.  If they were made upon ordering and with much fresher ingredients, and not sitting by a heat lamp then maybe it would have been a better experience.  Maybe I should hit up another McDonald's and give this thing another shot.  Well, at least I had a coupon for buy one Dipped Cone, get one free!  I double fisted that sucker all the way home!  Ok, I actually shared for once.
Shitty ass fries man!
If I told you that McDonald's was a big factor in my weight loss of 20 lbs last year, you probably wouldn't believe me. Not unless you are one of my coworkers that see me at work every morning eating my Sausage McMuffin and have witnessed my slimmer physique. 

Well, it's true. Breakfast really is the most important meal of the day and I found that skipping breakfast is not a good idea if you're trying to lose weight/get fit. Even though its not the most wholesome breakfast option, this is the quickest, cheapest way for me to get my morning meal.

I am not writing anything about McDonald's that you might already know. I'm writing about this particular location. They are always super fast and efficient at the drive thru and every employee I've encountered over the past few years here are very friendly. I come here so often that I should just write a review and give kudos to the Mon-Fri morning crew for always getting my order out fast, quick and in a hurry before heading to work. Even when the drive thru lane is packed, they move it pretty quickly so I've never found myself sitting in my car for more than a few minutes.

So just in case you're wondering what I order every morning here it is: a sausage Egg White Delight and a medium sugar-free vanilla iced coffee. I automatically throw away one piece of the muffin to save on carbs. I know it sounds crazy but it works. For me, a carb conscious way of life works best. And this keeps me satiated enough until I have to nuke my Lean Cuisine around noon time.
Mcdonalds is mcdonalds as far as good goes. What separates them from each other is service. This mcdonalds has nooooo idea what that means. The emergency door was beeping like a smoke detector with a bad battery. Other people were complaining about the same beep, and some got up and left the playroom. Notified the manager of the issue and she acted uninterested and gave me a look of disgust because I bothered her during social hour. I wish I was kidding or exaggerating about her face. The look almost turned me to stone. Bad manager!!
Having a 14 year old Son means a lot of trips to Fast Food joints and this one is in our neighborhood.  This one is not one of our favorite joints.  The food quality here is sub-par....even by fast food standards.  The Beef never tastes fresh and the Bread seems a little old at times.

We decided we wouldn't eat here anymore because it's that bad.  There are 1000's of other fast food joints to choose from.
Its BK, what can I say?!

My son and I love coming here on a hot day after the library!! Here its a little hidden, but once you get here its super nice and air conditioned! We've been here a few times and each time its been pretty swell! 

The wait is usually short bc its not always busy, the cashiers are pretty nice also, except one of the weirdos who told the manager she wasnt going to refill the ice in the machine.

The prices here are comparable, although I dont usually eat the burgers I do sometimes like the onion rings. What I really come here for, in addition to the kids meals, are the fruit smoothies and sundaes! The ice cream here is seriously sooooooooo yummy! And its only 1$ for a sundae! The mango smoothies are also super yummy and are 2$ and change!

My son loves the kids meals here, they include your entree but what he loves most is the paper crown attached.  They also usually have some pretty neat childrens toys.

So we will def continue coming here for the cheap eats, and nice cooled play area!
This BK is right around the corner from my house and job, so I frequent it quite often.  I have never had more than a 5 minute wait from time of pulling into line, very important for when I am on lunch!  The staff has always been friendly and always responsive.  Although, evertime I go they have this generic message asking how my day is and I always respond like a tard- so to save yourself, dont worry about responding! :)
I was in a hurry and BK was close by. I was so surprised to see that they had brought the "Rodeo Cheeseburger" back! I have been still ordering it after all these years since the "Little Soldiers" gem disappeared from the menu I just had to customize a regular Cheeseburger to do so. It was cheap yummy!

The store was clean inside and I did use the restroom to wash my hands and it was clean too. The cashier was friendly.
Ahhh, my local BK.  It is like every other BK around and is pretty consistent.  It gets the job done when you are in a rush and don't have time to cook.

I have to admit, I am here pretty regularly.  It is because: 

1. I live around the corner and it is the closest place to my house.
2. It is cheap and has ok burgers and chicken sandwiches.
3. My kid loves the milkshakes and smoothies they have on the menu.  I love making her happy, so we visit pretty often.
4. The play place is pretty fun for the little ones.  It is especially nice when it is so hot in the summer.  It is nice and air conditioned, which us Las Vegans LOVE.
5. I may or may not be addicted to the new SatisFries.

This particular location has just gone through a remodel.  It is now more modern with a coffee house style to it.  The food is still the same, but it is now in a prettier locale.

So if you want a fast food joint, this one is pretty and pretty good at what they do.
This is the nearest Burger King near my house, and I really don't go here more often than I should because, well, I don't really fancy fast food places like this. I just happened to drop in here because I had my daughter with me & I wanted her to play at their little indoor playground after we ate lunch (it was getting too hot outside to head to the park). 

Anyway, I ordered the Angry Whopper combo meal because it looked delicious and it was. I just didn't end up finishing it because it was just too big for me. I guess my eyes were hungrier than my tummy. My daughter got their two chicken strip kids meal with the fries, and she loved it. 

What really fascinated me about this place was they had that cool Coca-Cola touch-screen vending machine! That was definitely fun to play around with. There were soooo many choices too! I would go back there just to see what else they had!

Overall, clean establishment, nice staff. It's Burger King, so there wasn't really a "wow" factor this place other than it being, well.. A Burger King.
This place is one of the better McDonald's I've been to. Service is good. No surprises with the food. Kids love the play place. Drive through can get really crazy! Lots of teens hang out here.
Stopped in after a long day of work on St. Patricks Day and we originally were supposed to go to Mc Mullan's....Here's a breakdown in "Eat This, Not That format......

Went Here                                          Not Here

Mc Donalds                                      McMullan's


Ate This:                                           Not That:
Filet O Fish and Fries                       Fish and Chips

10 piece Chicken Mc Nuggets           Corned Beef

Blue POWERADE                            Green Beer

Shamrock Shake                             Sticky Toffee Pudding



ALOHA!!!!
We just celebrated my sons 2nd birthday at this particular location and the party was AMAZING!! 

I know when you think of McDonald's, no big deal right? Well, this one is special! Since we have a very rambunctious 2 year old we have tested almost every McDonald's Playland in the city - this one passes the test with him! We were looking for a location to hold his 2nd birthday and we were running short on ideas since many of the things to do in Las Vegas/Henderson are geared toward older children. In my search for a birthday location I found this McDonalds on a website that lists all the great playgrounds/playlands in the city and it had many great reviews so I called to ask if they did birthday parties and unfortunately (at the time I called) they said that they did not. I was seriously bummed - and continued on with my search. One day we decided to take our son to this McDonalds just to burn some energy. I swear once we walked through the sliding glass doors and my son saw the playland, it was like the heavens opened up and his eyes got HUGE!! So much to do, so little time! This McDonalds was perfect for him, it is equally split between a toddler area (4 years and under) and their normal ginormous playland for older kids (4-99.) The playland is immaculate and obviously very well cared for. I decided to ask again if they hosted birthday parties and the manger said yes they did! I was ecstatic, we had found our perfect party location! It turns out they were doing birthdays and had stopped for a while and JUST started doing them again around my sons birthday...lucky us! All that was required of us at the time was a small deposit of $40 and a guesstimated count of how many children will be attending. 

The day of my sons birthday was flawless, not a hitch and and not an issue that might be expected of a fast food restaurant. I got to the location early to decorate and to my (totally pleasant) surprise it was already decorated and I had my own "hostess" to help me with whatever I needed help with. Our party had separate seating with balloons, party hats and a banner. Our hostess went around and took individual orders and took care of EVERYTHING which allowed me to really socialize with the parents and spend precious birthday time with my son. We had an equal amount of toddlers and older kids and they were equally having fun. After we all ate (the norm Micky D's selection of food) the hostess brought out a cake large enough for all of us and ice cream too. It was time for the bill and I was so surprised to find that I was only asked to pay for the individual meals we ordered and anything beyond that was just a part of having the party there. All in all it was a fabulous day, my son had a wonderful time and so did his guests. I am so glad I decided to ask if they did birthday parties again!! 

**On a side note, we took our son to this same location to meet Ronald McDonald a few weeks before his party and we were able to meet the franchise owner of this particular location. She was very hospitable and cared very much about the children there. It is very clear why this particular McDonalds is so well taken care of.
I used to spend a lot of time eating drive thru. We are talking 3 times a day, 7 days a week. During that three years, I ate here at least 4 times a week, between breakfast, lunch and dinner. About 10 months ago I stopped eating fast-food all together, including McDonald's. At that time, the level of service that this particular McDonald's provided was on a slow decline.
It started when I made the shift from double quarter pounders to grilled chicken salads. frequently, hell almost every time, I would not get utensils in my bag. So, I started asking at the speaker and at each window for utensils. Every time, I would get down the road, be rummaging through my bag, only to find that again I had no fork.
My troubles did not stop there. Twice I got a salad, only to find that I could not eat it because the chicken was under cooked. If you know anything about working at McDonald's like I do (I worked my first job for 4 years at a McDonald's in KY), then you know it is hard to under cook grilled chicken. It is almost something you have to do deliberately. None the less, I am patient, so I did not complain.
Periodically towards the end of my fast-food stent, the service level was going in the you know whatter. They had hired some 'new recruits' who were obviously to young and cool to care about the customers that they serve. I got full flavor of the chips on their shoulders every time i drove through. I knew that I was coming to the end of my fast food stage, so I just let it go and stopped eating fast food.
Now, three days ago my brothers (who i live with), wanted to get McDonald's for dinner. I wound up getting it for them, though I was not getting any myself, cause I'm just that kinda guy. I go through drive thru, like always, and I can't believe it. Not only did I wait at the speaker for almost 3 minutes before anyone picked up, while there were no cars in front of me, but when I got around to pay, there was nobody at EITHER window. I waited, and waited, and waited some more. Finally after another 4 minutes, someone came to the second window scolding me for not stopping at the first window (which for the record I did stop for about 2 minutes). They were obviously having a bad day, and for whatever reason decided to take it out on yours truly. But that is not all. I finally get the food, make the short 2 minute trip home, get in the house, give my brothers the food, start telling them the horror story of our once favorite burger joint, and they stop me. They stop me to tell me that the food was so cold that they could not eat it. We wound up having spaghetti because it was just not eatable. Fail.
I waited, hoping that I would just get over it, like I always to, but my voice has to be heard. This is simply outrageous. To think that in 10 short months, a restaurant can go from a family favorite to the worst place in the area is just unsatisfactory. Fail
I brought my son here to grab a quick bite to eat one very hot afternoon. It was nice that they have the air conditioned indoor play ground that seemed pretty clean. The food of course, isn't the healthiest but they do have better choices now. I got my son the apple slices instead of frys, and juice instead of soda. Of course he preferred to play then eat so he just ate when we got back home.

I had the honey mustard grilled chicken mini meal, which was just average.
Its McDonalds, what is there really to say!! 
This location could potentially get 5 stars but its always always
busy!! 
Not sure how much of it is slowness behind the counter or just being 
legitimately busy. 
Either way, I live close so this is typically my mcdonalds of choice!
This McDonald's is in my neighborhood, so I wind up going there on a fairly regular basis to grab food for the family. It's usually busy, but my main issues have been with the drive-through service. Two out of the last three times I have gone through, I have had to go into the restaurant to get items that I had paid for but were omitted from my order. For some reason it usually seems to be a Happy Meal (which I order for my grandson). On one occasion they left it out but gave me the milk I ordered with it. The second time they gave me a small iced tea with it (which I didn't order), charged me $1.29 for the milk that was supposed to come with the Happy Meal at no cost, and left out the Happy Meal itself.
There is a lot to be said about this McDonald's. The chicken is great. I love the fresh fruit in the yogurt parfait and if you ever give me hot fries you will see me do my odd but strange happy dance. And this McDonald's has seen the dance of I'm so happy I just have no shame dance about a million times. Oh and the ice creme cones are only a dollar bill. Sure they are extra busy at this location but that's a Plus can u say hot and ready food.
Great job, guys.   You just lost a rave, 5 star review and a loyal customer.

My husband goes twice a week at least after working out to get a soda and a cup of water.  Cup of water is always free EVERYWHERE, until now...now you have to pay $1 for the cup (which is extra dumb, because a cup of soda there is $1...I guess soda's free and we're just paying for cups at McDonalds).

I'd understand if he just walked in and asked for free water, but he was a paying customer, and they know him there as he's a regular.

Also, very convenient that they suddenly start charging for tap water right when the hot summer weather hits.  Shameful.
This location is a really nice McDs.  What a pleasant surprise!

I was in the area running some errands when my daughter wanted lunch.  I always cave in due to my ridiculous love of McNuggets, so we popped in for lunch.  The place was busy, but everything seemed to be flowing at a nice pace.  We didn't have to wait too long to order or for our food, which is always nice with a hungry toddler.  When we did get our food, it was piping hot and super yummy!  And I do know it is bad for me, but those gosh darn McNuggets, I tell you they have cast a spell on me!

Now the real reason we go to McDs is so my daughter can play and interact with other little ones since she is an only child...So I really gauge my writing on how nice the play area is at each McDs, in all honesty.  

First off, the play area was really clean.  I wasn't afraid to let my daughter go play.  I didn't feel the need to put her in a biohazard suit, so that is a big plus. This McDs has a huge play area with 2 sections for extra fun.  They have your regular climbing tubes and slides for your bigger kids.  If your toddlers are climbers, like my little monkey, they can handle these tubes fine as well.  The have a mini slide for extra little ones as well, which is nice because they don't have to be around all of the big kids, if they are on  the timid side.  They also had a whole separate climbing section that toddlers or big kids could play on.  It is nice for the kiddos to have so many play options.  

There was also a lot of seating, so we didn't have to fight for a seat.  It isn't fun to have to stand and wait for someone to leave just so you can sit down.

Overall, this is a nice fast food place.  Go check it out, if you need a quick bite to eat or have kids you need to wear out for their nap.
They just can't follow direction in getting an order right. If these kids are our future...we're in trouble.
The drive thur here can be nuts depending on the time of day. Watch out for the jerks that think they can come in from the back side of the drive thru when it's busy too! And if you're one of the jerks that lets them in when people have been waiting in line, I will yell at you or flip my hands up at you, it's not a zipper people ( you know how a zipper works) 

The play area is a favorite for my kids. 

Here is the trick for super hot fries: Order them with no salt. This way they have to drop a whole new basket, because the other fries are all salted! Then you get the hottest fries ever! You can add the salt yourself! 
Just don't do this in the drive thru because it holds up the line, and yes, you guessed it, I will yell at you!!!!
I used to love this McDonald's and it's actually a few cents cheaper then the one on cenntenial. After yesterday though I will no longer support this store. 

My wife stopped by hear yesterday to get myself and a few of my troops lunch then bring it out to us at work. Placing the order went fine and she got the food. Since it was a large order and she had to drive it out to us 20 minutes away she didn't stop to check it. 

When she delivered the food we found that a double quarter pounder was missing. No big deal I've been missing food from McDonald's before and gone back to get it. No not today when my wife gets to McDonald's and shows them the receipt and explains what happens they refuse to do anything about it. The manager tells my wife it's her fault for not checking the order for leaving. Isn't it your employees jobs to make sure the prder is completely filled out before you hand it to the customer? 

Now I'm out $5 because the manager refused to refund or give my wife another burger. Well we called the complaint line about it and complained thinking maybe we will be able to get them to send us a gift card for $5 or something, nope that's not happening either. So now we are out $5 for food we didn't even get. I know $5 isn't much but it's the fact that the store did nothing to right the wrong.
Out of all carbonated drinks and it's not the firs time. And when I asked for a lemonade they wants to charge me extra. I told them that was not fair and over 59 cents they refused. Add to that they are always on a long wait and don't have a great track record for getting food orders correctly, why go there. I went at 7:30 on a Sunday  March 6th 2014 so hopefully someone reads this and has a talk with the brainiac manager working that doesn't realize all their customers r regulars and u should be better to them. I guess because the name is McDonalds they don't have to take care of us. Oh if u want to call because of anything including wrong orders, no answer.
I have passed through this restaurant over 10x on my way to appointments and I finally stopped to have a meal. The staff is very pleasant and friendly. The location is small and I feel they could utilize the space more effectively to seat more people. The restaurant has a children's play area which I think is great cause kids hate to wait. The food storage area is right near the children's play area so I don't think that's to safe. The tables are very nicely set and simple except very small so if yore ordering a lot you may find yourself crowded. Our food took half an hour to be served after ordering. I only seen 1chef on the griddle so that was the hold up. 
The Crpe: we ha the Canada and Switzerland an it was so delicious. The expresso coffee was on point! I recommend everyone stop in and try it, it's worth the wait. The prices are reasonable and affordable. They make to go bags also!! I live in Blue Diamond NV so you know it's worth it if I drive that far on non appointment days. By the way upstairs of the restaurant has tons of Boutiques and shops. My personal favorite is BOX Human landscapers. Check them out !!
What horrible food!  And I'm a KFC fan... but I went to this location late at night (10:45) and ordered a chicken sandwich.  It was so dry I thought it must have been sitting around since the lunch rush.  The chocolate parfait was frozen so I had to wait two hours to enjoy it.  IF i'D WANTED A POPSICLE, I WOULD'VE BOUGHT A POPSICLE!  The employees were nice but didn't handle the food very well...

The cole slaw was great as usual though...

I wish they would offer a caffeine free sugar free beverage...
When the wife wants KFC, we come here.  I like getting their grilled chicken 1 piece breast meal with a double order of green beans.

More than half the time, they don't have any grilled chicken breasts.  Or they tell us they're all out of chicken.  During dinner? When most of their customers come to visit?

I hope they fix this issue with "running out of chicken."  It's been going on and off for the past two years.
Wow this KFC should've been the first one to close down instead of all the other good ones that got shut down!

Ordered a 6 piece family meal, they give me ONE ranch sauce. So which piece of chicken gets ranch huh?

Was craving Mac and cheese all day. Got so excited to go home and eat my Mac and cheese. Guess what?! They gave me mashed potatoes. 

Is it that flipping hard to get an order right? Besides the mistake I think the ranch sauce pissed me off the most. I get it, places are becoming more stingy, but ONE ranch sauce for SIX PIECE FAMILY MEAL?! Seriously?! 

If it wasn't because the three closest KFCs to me being shut down, I would've never went here. Never will again!
You know what I hate?  When drive-thru cashiers say, "Just park up front and we'll bring it out to you."  I know why they do it.  But I still hate it.  And today's experience at this KFC made my detestation of said practice even stronger.

Ordered a Double Down Sandwich in the drive-thru.  I was told that it would take a few minutes because they didn't have any filets ready at the time.  And, to their credit, the order taker did ask me if an extra few minutes would be okay.  I affirmed and then proceeded to the window,

After paying, the cashier told me to park up front.  Grrr, argh.  I ruefully did so.  After NEARLY 15 MINUTES of waiting "up front," I decided to walk my hungry self into the restaurant.  They'd forgotten about me!

At any rate, I watched them make my sandwich, took it to my car, ate it, and then immediately crafted this review.  Wasn't surprised to see the low ratings given by others.
It's a KFC.  Nothing fantastic, nothing bad.  I will point out that Keihana (I think that's how the name is spelled) was probably one of the most efficient drive-thru people here and I like the fact that at most fast food places I have to check the order, but she actually checked for me before handing it over and found that they had not put in an order of large wedges.

I mean really.  She checked so I didn't have to do so.  And that's hella awesome.  You sometimes don't even get people that do that from curb-side service from better restaurants.
After seeing the "I Ate The Bone" campaign on TV, I decided to give them another try. I was disappoint to discover that their boneless chicken is nothing more than over-priced chicken strips. The manager at the register was friendly but I felt as I got "duped" by the commercial.
Absolutely horrible KFC, They are always out of something, They simply Do not care about the franchise or the customers, The place is always dead because customers know how horrible this Establishment is.
I also saw a few roaches in the bathroom. 
They are always out of honey, They always take a long time and always mess up the order.
FIrst of all everything that I ordered they were out of .. Chicken ?? How in the hell can you be out of chicken when that is what you sell ?????? Not only that but after I made 5 different changes to my order to accomodate the 3 things they had anything of, they still got my order wrong and put whatever they wanted in my bag.,. Was not happy !!!!
They ran out of CHICKEN!!!!!!  Had to wait 20 minutes. Nuff Said. 

Michael was the manager btw. I vote for him being the worst manager of all time. Do I have a second? 

 This location should be named Kentucky Forgot Chicken
I used to LOVE Kentucky Fried Chicken when I was a kid in Ohio. I haven't had it since moving to Vegas, and thought I'd have some for nostalgia's sake. I knew it isn't healthy- it's salty and greasy- but I was prepared. 

But I wasn't prepared. This chicken was so salty that parts of it were barely palatable. I had someone else taste it and they said it was saltier than they remember. 

Another problem was the biscuits. They were totally smashed and misshapen, which was strange because they were just sitting in the box on top of the chicken. They must've been squished before they gave them to me. Why would you purposely give a customer an inferior product?

I don't know if it's just this particular location but I may never get KFC again. They ruined my good memories.
If I could give NEGATIVE TWO Stars, that is what I would rate this place.  WHY WHY WHY did I ever come back here?  Seems like time does heal all pain.

I went through the drive through tonight because the wife was hungry.  We try to order with the bumbling fool on the speaker but they are too hard to understand.   Maybe that is why we didn't get what we ordered?

Or do they really have blatant disregard for what the customer wants?  We want grilled chicken breast.  We are told they don't have any.

WHY? YOU ARE A CHICKEN RESTAURANT!  Talk about unprepared.  You can't even give the excuse it's because of the dinner rush.  It was 8:50pm at night.

So, this is what we get: NOT what we ordered

- We settled for original since there was no GRILLED. 
- We DID NOT get our RECEIPT from the person at the window.  All we got was our credit card receipt. 
- So not can we not verify what we ordered but we can't even tell if they got the order wrong in the first place or if they decided to just stick it to the hard paying customer and just give them what THEY THINK that they need.  All I know was  I paid $16.73 and that is TOO MUCH for how much I got.  This is ROBBERY!
- I think it's unacceptable that they do not give out receipts. Does this night crew need a retraining?
- We ordered THREE chicken plate with white meat.  Everywhere else you get TWO chicken breasts and a wing.  What did we get?  We got a chicken breast and a wing.  Do people at KFC know how to count?  WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?
- Their number on the CC receipt does not get answered.
- I try to go to mykfcexperience.com that is on the back of the CC receipt... But you need the order receipt to be able to take the survey!

HORRIBLE.  Never again.  -2 STARS!
One should never expect much from fast food, and I don't. Is it really common practice to not have what you sell available? There really aren't many fast food choices in this area - or I wouldn't have subjected myself to the standard 20 minute wait time again.  I'm sitting in the lot waiting it out for the Colonel. You know what really grinds my gears? This specific KFC.  The worst. Ever. Unreal.

Ok I feel like the kind gesture from the team made it right.  There's that :)
Why don't we have the option for ZERO stars??!!!!??  Your menu consists of CHICKEN how are you ALWAYS OUT of it or expecting me to wait forever!! Then the girl taking our order seemed to have no idea of what she had! Never again will I come here!
I know I'm going to lose any credibility I've built for this review but I don't care. Why a 5 stars?  Because I can't give six stars for my beloved 99c soft serve ice cream. It's the best desert I can think of after any meal. If I could purchase their machine and recipe for the ice cream, It would be sitting in my kitchen this minute. 

99c for 99 calories of perfect treat. I know there are tons of soft serve ice cream out there but Micky D makes it just right to my taste. Packed at least 6 inches high on a tiny cone. It's not to watery, not too creamy. Not too soft and not too hard. Not too sweet. It takes me 10 minutes to get through the whole cone and I do savor those 10 minutes. How many deserts can you think of that takes more than 3 minutes to devour. Pies, cakes, puddings, cookies nope! Ah..If only I can have a cone now...

(Note: That's why I befriended Mike P. He's standing next to my perfect desert )
http://www.yelp.com/user_photos?userid=jo8vV5iUZLHp617cTKZ7mA&select=DVKynf25Qs0KCXhXbtPrDw&return_url=/user_details%3Fuserid%3Djo8vV5iUZLHp617cTKZ7mA
It's McDonalds. Cheap, quick breakfast. That's about its use. They have free wifi if you like this place.
Love McDonalds to the end.
Review based on location.

Star 1: Right inside the Boca Park plaza. Hungry after window shopping or messin around at Guitar Center? Come on down!

Star 2: The parking lot is spaciously awesome, and the location feels safe.

Star 3: The seating is roomy. Had a party of 9 for a meeting. It's pretty chill on Monday nights.

Star 4: It's McDonalds man. Who can beat the dollar menu?!

I love it when the fries are still hot when you eat 'em.. They weren't this time..
When all you have to do is select an icon to complete a patrons order one should expect that service would be good.  Somehow they never seem to get it right.
Rude, sloow crew. You would think that when the place is empty you could run in and out. Instead employees ignore you, even if you ask for service directly. Stay away.
exactly what the stars say. MEH. i realize that it is just mcdonalds, but i have definitely experienced better. everytime i come through here the employees are very monotonous and the fries are cold. seriously, the fries are the best part of mcdonalds; the least you could do is give me a decent order of hot, salty deliciousness!
It is scary when they know what you're going to order as soon as you walk in? Yes, I've been here more than a few times
I work in this area, and so sometimes I'll stop by here to get food when I haven't brought anything from home. Gotta say, they have gotten a lot of new staff and it's really nice now! Clean, fast, and satisfying.

I usually do large orders because I order for myself and some of my co-workers. The employees are patient and usually try to tweek my order so that I can get the best price for my food. Everyone's pretty nice, too.

Their drive-thru is really busy around noon, and totally not worth using. But in the mornings and late at night, it's super fast and no one has ever forgotten my straws, napkins, or ketchup.

I'm lovin' it!
I stopped in to pick up a side salad to take home rather than make a salad from scratch.  The line at the drive through went very slowly.  I should have parked and walked in.

The salad was fresh and with my own dressing it made a great addition to my meal.

The only problem I have with this McDonald's is the ease of getting in and out.  It isn't easy.  because of the way it sits in Boca Park, the drive through is in the back and you need to watch traffic going to other stores in the next section.  It's not the most easy space.
This place is crazy busy .. I guess bec of the location and they have that kid playland thing.
I payed a visit to this location's drive thru today and really wasn't impressed.

When I arrived at the window to pay for the order I placed the guy opened the window and just stared at me. I had to ask him how much I owed so that I could pay for my order. I guess he just assumed I could understand anything he might have uttered through their high quality drive thru speakers.

The drive through service was extremely slow. This is one of those places that make you wish you would have parked and walked in because you probably would have gotten your food faster.

The food was typical McDonalds...nothing special.
Disappointed. Again, another Summerlin McD's just doesn't cut it. The burgers were tasty (and at least not dry) but not hot. They were just a bit over room temperature. Granted, business was slow when we arrived, with only two other guests. Not sure if we will come back here again. If we do, maybe we should take our food home and microwave it just a bit. Ugh.
McDonald's is my go to breakfast joint when I go golfing in the morning.  I grab a couple of Sausage McMuffin's with Cheese so I can fill up before a round of golf.  Since I was golfing at the Badland's Golf Course nearby, I dropped by this location.  I went through the drive thru and it was very fast and efficient and they got my order correct.

Overall, A-OK for a fast food joint.

Return Factor - 50%
It's a McDonalds, not good, not bad. Playplace was clean, and the people were nice.
I iwsh I could say more about it but nothing stands out, just food, typical temp, typical employees.
It was ok.  It was dirty, and the staff was kind of rude.  Other than that, it was ok.  lol
For some reason everything time I come through the drive threw, they are slow and rude. Wonder what's happening inside smh
If I could give zero stars I would! 
this is the worst location for McDonald's ever! they never get the orders right
Not sure why this McDonald's is showing as closed. It is connected to the Terrible's gas station and still in business. They have a 24 hour drive-thru as well.

I have never been inside, only ordered at the drive-thru. The employees are pretty friendly, they have fast service, and no problems with my orders so far.  I love the $1 large sweet teas!!

I moved to the area a few weeks ago and have driven by here before, but could not remember if I saw a sign saying that they had a 24 hour drive-thru. So the first time I came here, I asked the cashier at the first window:

Me: Is your drive-thru 24 hours?
Employee: Ummm...... I think so? But I'm not sure. Do you want me to ask? 
Me: That's okay, I'll ask at the next window.

LOL he works there and didn't know what their drive-thru hours were?!?! Come on!! Well, as I drove up to the second window to get my food, I saw the 24 hour sign. 

But still, as an employee, you should at least know what the restaurant's hours are right??
I stopped here to use the Redbox machine.  I then went inside and got a McDonald's McCaf frapp, chocolate chip variety.

Service was prompt with a nice smile from the young lady at the counter.  She made the drink quickly and it was very good.  I've been here a few times in the past and it's a convenient stop on Flamingo.
I came here to order a big Mac, (hadn't had one in years) and when I got it I kinda noticed it looked like crap so I decided to inspect it. When I did, and I took off the top bun I found that someone took a bite off of my fucking meat Patty!! I mean seriously I always tolerate the crappy service, and the stupid and careless Mexican lady that always takes my orders wrong ( I'm also a Mexican I promise I'm not racist or prejudice) in the mornings at the drive-thru, but c'mon seriously someone took a bite off of my fucking meat Patty!! I took it back to the register, and informed the cashier of my surprise, and he was kind enough to replace it for another Big Mac. I brought it back to my table, and I took it out of it's box, and guess what? It looked like shit! Seriously this thing looked so bad I wouldn't be surprised if it fucking winked at me! It looked as if an elephant had sat on it after it had finished taking a slim dump between two hamburger buns. Okay, now I know McDonalds isn't a five star restaurant, and I definitely know it isn't even a quality restaurant, but can't the customer at least expect some service quality? I mean seriously I couldn't even expect to receive a semi-attractive decent tasting burger or a Big Mac with its Patty as a whole. Ugh.. what can you do right?  GOD BLESS AMERICA
9 times out of 10 the service or food or both are horrible.  After getting my entire order wrong I waited while they made the correct meals.  At home 1 block away my meals were cold, hamburger looked and tasted like yesterdays.  The fries limp and loaded with oil.  If you can not get fresh fries at lunch time, when can you get it.  We will skip this McDonald it never improves
Omg this McDonald's is so rude, they don't smile and they look like they hate everyone. They always get my order wrong and I've been there only 3 times. Don't go here bad customer service.
Came here this morning around 2:30-3am with my friends through the drive thru, the guy refused to do two separate orders, was rude about it too, no one was behind us. And he forgot the ranch I paid for last minute. I will never go back while he is working , I'm an ex mcdonalds worker and never acted like that or else I'd get a write up / termination because they are not looking for rude people !
My mom needed to meet a client to pick up documents and I was her chauffeur for the day. The lobby is really nice, as is all their locations in the Southwest that I've been to, due to recent renovations. Very modern, classy, and extremely clean. This location featured an opaque black and white rendition of the Las Vegas Strip on the glass separating the restaurant from Terrible's convenience store. The new digital menus are really nice as well and easy to read. 

I don't really eat at McDonald's, so I can't say much about the food. What I do usually order and enjoy was their Vanilla Cone. Delicious non-fat vanilla soft serve in a light and crispy cone. The best part of this location is the fact that it is one of the very few corporate stores in the valley and offers the Vanilla Cone at just $0.49 ($0.53 after sales tax)!! What an awesome deal! Especially when franchised locations charge $1 and up.

So, based on the nice, welcoming lobby and consistently delicious Cone, I have no complaints. 

BONUS: Free Wi-Fi and the lobby and drive-thru are open 24 hours!
I've been coming to this McDonalds for awhile now, though I don't go at 130 due to the obnoxious high school kids. But now there is a new owner and it seems as if he doesn't tolerate the loitering which I am so thankful for. I can actually bring in my toddler and not worry about what she's going to hear or see! This location is also extremely clean
Not a bad alternative for a somewhat healthy lunch.

Get the ultimate chicken grill combo: with a side salad or chili and light lemonade for under $6.00!

Place is clean and employees are friendly.

The line here to order can get very, very long when they're busy at lunch time.
Extremely rude woman works the drive thru.  She was so rude to me the car behind me said "Oh, GD No!" and left.  Someone decent took over for her and handled the rest of my order, but I will not be returning.  The orders are usually wrong and having to deal with a rude staff member is just too much.

There are multiple food eateries on this road, I would recommend to my friends to choose any of these other well known chains over this location.  There is a reason there is no line here and an empty parking lot....
This takes the cake, or more like 2nd worst experience at a fast food place.

Stopped for a late night TOM run, if your a woman you'll know what I mean. If not, your SOL. Anyway, there was a line which didn't surprise me considering it was 20 minutes til closing,

Asked to order the chicken wrap, sorry all out of wraps. Okay, how about chicken sandwich? Sorry all out of that. Um, okay what do you have? Burgers, fries, nuggets. Ordered two bacon cheeseburger, waited and by the time I got home noticed they messed up and they were regular hamburgers with tomatoes and lettuce. First I'm allergic to tomatoes, second wtf.. No bacon?! Ugh 

Was so upset I got back in my car and drove to Taco Bell. Hey, a girl has needs.
First off I love Wendy's and it kills me to have to review this store in such a negative light. 

It was apparent upon standing in line behind two people that the cashier was new and or just a little uncomfortable working the register by herself and need much more training before being left alone. 

It took over 15 minutes to process two orders, one of which was a single senior citizen who only wanted a single with cheese and a cup of coffee.

I on the other hand ordered $35 worth of value meals, a salad and a Bacon Cheddar baked potato. The value meals were OK but they gave me the wrong type of potato and a wrong type of salad. I did check that we had the right quantity but didn't check foe the small details so part of it is my fault but not all of it.

With all those value meals one of the managers there (she was wearing a red shirt in comparison to the regular grunts) asked if I wanted a drink carrier? How the heck was she expecting one guy to carry all that food and drinks by himself? 

When my Fiance called to complain a male answered the phone saying he was the manager. When I was there a middle aged lady in a white shirt was walking around and even came out to give the senior citizen his discount. Don't know why the phone wasn't handed to the real manager but I'm sure he is going to tell his manager one of his co workers screwed up a large order. Yeah right he will tell her about as sure as we will be back, IE never!
Decided to give this place a whirl again and the service was horrible and disorganized for lunch. Employees spilling drinks all over the counter, employees moving the food pick up all over the place. Mass confusion and disarray. 

I feel lucky I got my order right and food right. 

Got the Ultimate Chicken Grill with a small chili.

Maybe they were having a bad day. But I won't be back here for a while.
Horrible customer service and they gave me the wrong order in the drive thru. They took a while and the employees were confused on what order was mine. I didnt check the bag and I got a chicken sandwich not a cheeseburger. I am never going to Wendys again in my life. I am on a healthy diet and decided to eat bad for one day and I got the wrong food. I am very pissed about this and not ever going to a fast food restaurant. Figures, should of stayed with my diet hahah NO cheat day for me.
Night crew here is RUDE! I'll stick to the drive thru. Girl at the counter was unfriendly.  So was the rest of the staff.
I'm not sure why this Wendy's has such a poor rating; my experience here was fine. Maybe I lucked out and came at just the right time or maybe there's been a turnover in staff since the last reviews. I went through the drive-thru and everyone I came in contact with was friendly and my order was correct. Really, for a fast food joint, that's the most you can hope for. I'm satisfied with my experience here. Hopefully it's not just a one-time lucky trip.
A couple coworkers and I frequent this Wendy's when we are looking for a cheaper, faster lunch. Honestly we've never had a bad experience here. Yah, of course foods not going to be consistent, but it's fast food. What do you really expect? It's also cleaner than a lot of joints I've been to. The food always comes out pretty quick. 

I get the usual, which is the spicy chicken sandwich. Sometimes I go with the fries, sometimes a baked potato. Definitely hit and miss.
One star because McDonald's is not food... it's engineered matter that just happens to be edible. But I thought I'd review this McDonald's in particular. It's the last McDonald's I ever ate at. The year was 2004 and in the dark of night, in the cool spring air, my friends and I stumbled out of a casino, drunk from free beer and poor from expensive gambling. It was 5:00 AM and although our appetites were ginormous, our options were limited. We happened upon this McDonald's where they were offering double cheeseburgers for $0.99. I ordered three. My companions followed suit. We sat down among the other customers: three older men sparsely seated and desperate to stay awake lest they be thrown out in the street amongst the crumpled pornographic business cards. One man chewed with his eyes closed. Another bobbed his head up and down. Either he was falling in and out of sleep or agreeing with everything. The last man was not so far gone but was the dirtiest of them all. Once our burgers were consumed, we headed out. I was glad to leave... only sleep lay before me now.
remember when i said I never eat at mcdonald's?  I think I did.  I vaguely remember a fried chicken sandwich sometime around 4am.  i think i might have slept in it, which wouldn't have been too bad, since i think it was soggy anyway.  drunk, vegas, and vacation are my excuses and i'm sticking to em
This is the most fucked up McDonald's you are gonna see.  Of course I didn't buy anything in here but really like going in there to use their bathroom because it's like negative McMoney for the big McCorporationBucks.com.  They have a shitty parking lot, people reading racing papers in the back, and a depressed Korean woman eating a chicken sandwich in the front.  There's a big old Golden Arches out there with lights all over it, like just regular light bulb lights.  The sign says "new building coming soon" and there are shitty renderings of a new fancy Dallas-style McD's with vegas lights all over it.  I can certainly wait for the new sign and building because I like the old one.  I went in here when I was buzzing on a Full Throttle slurpee which I highly recommend.
So what do you get when you are hungry...its 9AM....you only have had 3 hours sleep and you are looking for a homie who was last heard from 3 hours ago....McD's of course!!!

The sausage egg McMuffin tastes like heaven when you are a bit drunk still, driving down and around the strip. At the OJ and water.....pure re-hydrating goodness!!! The take ATM/Credit at the drive thru and are speedy and attentive when taking your order.

Oh BTW...the friend I was looking for...he was still in our hotel at the same craps table I left him at!!!!! I actually left the hotel cause I didn't think he would still be down there!! Gotta love Vegas!!
Just having come from a trip at the hotel across the street from this little wonder, I got to speak.

Night one: About midnight I go in. There are about 5 people waiting in line. Fewer are behind the counter. The lights are on.
Mister Manager announces "We close for 30 minutes! Order later!". 
Curious. Rude. Dismissive.

Night two: The layout of the place makes for poor line control. From S. Las Vegas Blvd. won walks into a box type eating area, then for no good reason the ordering counters swing to an angle. One is challenged as to were the line is, and which line they are in.

The management staff was rough with staff, and the staff seemingly part of the Clinton Welfare reform failure.

People working in a McDy's on "The Strip" need a certain group of skills.
The one's at this McDy's, lacked skills.
John the manager at this mcdonalds was rude and did not want to provide customer service. In the middle of ordering drive through he refused to accept order. I guess he thinks because he has flashy lights he can do as he likes.  I do not recommend this Mcdonalds.  Take it for what its worth.  Hope you have a better experience than I did.
This Mcdonalds is not only in the business of making crappy food and providing even crappier service watch out for the racket they have in the parking lot . If your not careful reading the sign at the the front of the entrance it is going to cost you $195.00 in parking fees. went in to to ask the management they just blew me off. lucky they are in vegas where they dont count on repeat businesssss.
I was walking down the Strip with relatives from out of town when they commented they were thirsty. At their behest we went into this McDonald's.

The line was long and ill-managed. Only one register was open despite the 30 or so people in line.

Most of my companions got their soda right away. One person ordered a coffee, which took 20 minutes to receive.
Terrible service, plain and simple!
One star for fries.

One star for egg and cheese sandwich.

Nother star for being open when it is 3:30 am and that is when I am consuming this greasy carbfest as an organic, foodie vegetarian would normally NEVER eat unless feeling the pink elephant junk food parade...and walking through the driveway.

Minus that star for being open and wondering why I have grease spots on my bedsheets and zits two days later.
I'm giving JNB a better rating then it probably deserves, but I have a place in heart for this FF joint.  This spot has a few thinga going for it IMHO.  One, they just remodeled and it's beautiful, but I'm going to miss the old portraits of movie stars they used to have hung up for art.  They had Albert Einstein with his incredible shock of hair, a personal favorite hero,  a young Ella Fitzgerald, Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn(Breakfast at Tiffany's).  These photographs really jazzed up the place, but the wallpaper, rugs and other furnishing need updated, so I guess the remodel was good.  Two, when I first arrived at Arizona(Flagstaff), via Greyhound bus, we stopped near a JNB, so technically this was the 1st chain I ate at in Arizona.  I order the Jumbo Jack which hasn't changed since I ordered it back in 1985.  They did raise the price from a dollar(Bah humbug!  Now, I just order a 99 hamburger for value.  Also, good on the menu:  Egg Rolls, SourDough Bacon cheeseburger, Jalapeo poppers, and the super yummy Breakfast Bowl.  Service is very good.  They almost never mess up my order as they are careful to repeat the order if they don't understand me.  They are fast too.  My only request would be to find a way to clean up the  garbage can and grease bin out back.  They need to control the odor that emanates from there because it causes potential guests from losing their appetites(especially those who drive through)  Other than that, I like the restaurant and have been dining there close to 20 years now.
I try not to eat fast food too often, but JiTB is on the way home so it often sneaks into my life. 

Have always had good (drive-thru) service here. Stephanie is my girl! Always super nice.
I was craving a hamburger...the largest was cheaper than the small one...who cares! I got the small one, after all I can't eat 2 patties in one. For my surprise the beverage included was the 1 liter cup :o!! My measure is 250ml if I'm lucky. This teaches me to just keep ordering the sandwich alone and no combos!
Wow!   I will never visit this location again,   The employees were preparing food with bare hands!   They were wiping their foreheads of sweat and then touching food,   Absolutely disgusting!  I reported it to the manager who said they would remake our food,   No Thanks!!!
I bought the Bacon Insider here at nighttime after 10:30 PM 4 weeks ago or so.  The burger tasted like someone spit into it and was pretty gross tasting not to mention passing all those germs to people.  I think the manager was in on it because he was laughing his butt off when he handed me the burger in the drive thru.
What a great idea! It helps that it's only a mile from the LVAC gym on Eastern. Healthy Fast Food! What a concept?! I think were going to be seeing more of these places. Wraps, soy-burgers (ones with meat too), air-fries, even air-baked chicken fingers. Get this they have 4 flavors of ketchup and hand sanitizer dispensers... Highly recommended.
Not bad.  A bit healthier than other places because they have air baked fries and the air baked chicken (which looks like fried chicken).  They have organic shakes which were really good, and you can substitute those into your combos.  The menu they have taste delicious.  They have something like a ketchup bar.  I didn't see the big deal with it, but I won't complain.    The teas they have aren't that great.  It's still a nice place to go to add on to the healthy option of fast food places.
great!!! great concept (green, all natural and fresh), fast and tasty food with tons of options for veggies and carnivores alike. fresh fruit smoothies, soy corndogs and 5 different kinds of ketchup!!! ..what more could i ask for??!  well appreciated, but a little out of place in VEGAS, I would definitely franchise this in northern CA if i had the means!! ahhh, if only an evos could replace every other Mcdonalds... the world would be a much better place!!
I don't normally do fast food hamburger places.  I haven't had a big mac since 1994!!  So when a place offers air baked fries...I am ALL OVER it.  I've been here twice and if I lived closer to this place, I would definitely come here at least 3 times a month.

I miss a lot of the "health type" restaurants NYC offers like The Pump and although this menu isn't as good, I'll take what I can get.
When I lived in Henderson, I enjoyed going to this place.  So did the guy.  

I usually got their soy taco wrap with airbaked fries and the deeelicious berry smoothie.  The guy liked the buffalo chicken wrap.

It's a little pricey for fast food, but they offer two great teas, THREE ketchups, and a decent selection of vegan/vegetarian foods and hormone free, organic animal products.

The first time I went here was with a friend and some random comedian guy he brought along.  The only reason we went is because we found out the raw vegan place at Windmill and Eastern closes at eight.  Luckily, we showed up right before E closed (they stacked all the chairs on the tables but ours) but it was a blast.  They play lounge-y music like Morcheeba (get it?) and other modern cool jazz sound-a-likes, and it was fun to make fun of.

The food's okay, the prices are a little steep, and the atmosphere may be attractive if you're a teenybopper with hipster ambitions.  Still, I give it three stars because they have TWO awesome teas and THREE ketchups!
After initially writing a bad review about this place when it first opened, I found out that shortly after it came under new management, actually the same family that's involved in the U-Swirl place. 

They had heard about my previous review on here and invited me back to try it again, and today (a month or so after the invite) I was able to make it out there. 

Needless to say, I was not disappointed at all. I had a spicy thai chicken wrap, which tasted divine. It was a very good portion, and came with some of their air cooked fries, and a chocolate milkshake with some protein mixed in (which I need for weightlifting anyway)

They also gave me a tomato basil wrap that someone had ordered that had their sauce put on it, but the person didn't want sauce, so rather than wasting, I got to try it as well.

My boyfriend had a Steakburger which was a good sized portion, was very tasty (especially without the grease that most fast food places have), and was substantially better than the one I had there when the place opened. 

I blame Dana, the manager for the quality increase. LOL 

I didn't care much for the garlic ketchup, but the cayenne one was pretty nice. Went pretty well on the fries, for sure.

All in all, I'm really glad that we gave this place another chance. It's a bit pricy, but honestly, you get what you pay for, and if the quality is better, you're going to be paying a bit more. Will definitely be returning once in a while.
pretty good for the fast food concept. their veg options are tasty and the ketchup is good.  prices are not that cheap but, better for your body so, worth it.

one thing thoug, I don't like the fact that they promote being eco-friendly when their not.  

I mean, they use styrofoam cups.

let me know when they stop so, I can give them a star but, until then.

they are in time out until they get their eco-friendly act in order.
Healthy Fast Food....does that even make sense?  Is this an oxymoron or what but that's exactly what this place does.  Great selection of vegetarian and vegan dishes and great organic shakes at reasonable prices.  No they do not have a dollar menu so expect to pay about $8 - $10 for a combo meal.  Believe me, it's well worth it.
Remember when your mom used to bake chicken fingers and french fries in the oven for you as a kid (ok mb it was just my mom)... in any case, these *baked* foods are some of the stars of this place. 

Baked fries: could have been crisper.. my moms frozen baked fries were yummier than theirs (sad!)

Chicken fingers: WOW.. yummy as hell and only 240 calories and 6 grams of fat (compared to most fast food's 300+ calories and 17+ grams of fat.. not bad) plus they honestly taste better than others I've had. They are like a tastier guilt free version of Chicken Selects.

Wraps: The buffalo one was tasty.. a tad spicey.

Ketchup bar: wowee.. pretty cool. Too bad the fries aren't a better medium for all these tasty ketchups. They did work quite well with my chicken strips, however. 

Shakes: How do they make so many delish shakes for under 200 calories? I don't get it I tell you. A shake at Jack in the box will set you back 710 calories.. these were nearly as good for 180.. WTF.. they are magic I tell you. Plus you can add vitamins and fat burners and whatnot to your chocolate shake.. how cool is that?

Overall a cool place.. good vibe.. and yummy guilt-free food. I look forward to trying the steak burger and salads in the future. They lose a star for the just *eh* fries, and for the .99 up charge to change those said fries to fruit or salad. Yes I know most places charge a fee for that.. but seriously when I'm paying $7-$9 for a freaking fast food combo meal can't you sub me some lettuce for my fries without charging me ANOTHER dollar?
great, healthy fast food. good for that quick and affordable bite to eat.
For being a health nut, you know I just had to check this place out. I love the burgers, airfries and chicken tenders. The place is what it says: Feel good fast food.
RIP. No longer open but looks like a new place is going in there.
Their wings and hot dogs will never disappoint the taste buds. 

This place isn't a good hangout by any stretch. They do have a couple classic arcade games though, Golden Axe and Ms. PacMan.
The most awesome experience I've had with wings came in Atlanta back in like 94' or something.  There was this little shack outside our hotel that sold a dozen wings for like $6 or something.  They were the best wings I've ever had.  Fried perfectly and with a sauce hot enough to know I'm eating buffalo wings but tasty as well.  We must have gone through at least 9 dozen wings.  No exaggeration.

Long Wong's wings are the first to remind me of that little shack.  Partly because it really is a little shack itself.  But the wings there are simple and effective, something that I haven't found in a buffalo wing since.

Sure the place is a dive, but what else does it need to be?  You're in the middle of Phoenix.  You're hungry for wings.  You don't need Native New Yorker type atmosphere.  You just need wings that are good and won't break the bank.  Long Wong's ain't pretty, but they fit the bill for some affordable and top-notch grub.

They've got some other things on the menu...a couple chinese dishes and some stuff that I can't remember now.  Its not important.  You come here for wings.  Oh, there are burgers that people seem to enjoy as well.  Maybe I'll check them out next time.  Little joints like this tend to have good burgers for some reason...nice and greasy!

Anyway, for under 7 bucks you can get a dozen wings.  If you're a kind person, the lady behind the counter can tell...she'll give you a free ranch.  If you come in there with an attitude or like the rest of the world is here to serve you, you get no free ranch.  She doesn't say much, she doesn't smile much, but she gave me free ranch.  So she's a saint in my book.
It took about 7 minutes to get my food, which is perfect when I'm on a quick lunch.  There was one other person in front of me, so that's really a good time frame.  I have to mention that it was cash only...don't know if this is all the time, but that day there was a sign stating no plastic.  A small inconvenience.  There's about 5 chairs in there so you'll probably be standing around while waiting.  I guess there is a back area you can wait in, too.  Though it looks as if you're not supposed to be in there or something.  

Got my little styrofoam container and got back to the desk.  I opened the lid and the smell of correctness filled my cubicle and drifted throughout the office.  The aroma took me back to that little shack.
Presentation was surprisingly included here.  They had the little red and white paper in there on the bottom of the container, and celery and stuff, too.  Nice touch.
I grabbed a wing.  It was crispy.  Heavy.  Big.  A real piece of chicken.  Not those mini-wing dings I've gotten at some inappropriate places.
Took a bite.  
Heaven.
I was back in Atlanta in 1994.
I was amazed and utterly pleased.  This was the buffalo wing I'd been patiently waiting for since the shack.  And I found it not at Native's.  Not Buffalo Wild Wings.  Not anywhere else but a little hole in the wall joint called Long Wong's.  
Life is full of quirky surprises.
Crunchy.  Even after they'd sat in the sealed container steaming while I went to purchase a beverage.
Juicy.  The chicken was cooked to perfection, no undone or overdone stuff here.
Tasty.  Delicious isn't a great enough word.  These wings were simply perfect.  The sauce (i saw the lady pour it out of one of many jugs they have in the back) is honest and humble and simple and real.  No frilly stuff.  No Sweet and Sassy this, or 5 Alarm that.  Just some good stuff.  I'd eat a tire if you fried it and put this stuff on it.
What more could you ask for?  There is nothing fancy about Long wong's whatsoever.  Just the perfect wings.  I noticed some awards posted around the joint for their wings.  Rightly so.  To get the best tasting wings in the city for this price makes this joint my new indulgence.  So long, diet.  Hello buffalo wing paradise.
Long Wongs has the best buffalo chicken wings in the entire world. The end.
Great place for wings. Simple menu, Good deals. My boss and I normally go there for a quick lunch.
Man oh man, is this my kind of place. Where else can I crawl into a little shack and have some Asian lady in her PJ's slangin chicken wings?  Totally dig it. The wings are always great, prices cheap and it's definitely a no frills place. They even have a bed sheet or old curtain hanging to "hide" the kitchen! In my opinion, these can be some of the best places to eat. I've never actually been to any other Long Wong's, so this is my go to local wing spot.
If you can get past your initial,"Do I really want to go in there?", you won't be sorry. They have your typical buffalo wings, but they also have some unique sauces, too. I never thought I would be gaga over honey mustard wings, but they are sticky, sweet goodies.
Great food a bit pricy but what's not in Scottsdale a cool establishment with an intriguing history.
Having some friends over for a party?? Stop by Long Wongs for some quick delicious wings. 50 wings for under $30. You get to choose two flavors so I picked hot and teriyaki. The hot weren't too spicy but had just the right amount of flavor. The teriyaki were delicious!!! The wings come with a baggie of sliced carrots and a heap of ranch dressing. 

There isn't much to the inside of the restaurant. The menu items have all been printed on computer paper and taped to the wall. There aren't any chairs or tables so it's pretty much take-out style. I've only been there once so I have yet to try any other items on the menu.
Amazingly delicious greasy buffalo wings. It's a pretty crazy lookin' place but it will satisfy the most vicious wing craving. This is a hole in the wall you tell your friends about!
The quality of the wings has deteriorated over the past few years and they are way overpriced. Paid $34 for 50 wings and they were well below average in taste. Wish I wouldn't have spent the money.
Great wings and a good burger.
I used to frequent the Long Wong's on Mill back in the day.   Best wings in the Valley.  This Long Wong's lives up to my memories.  If only they would upgrade the swamp cooler in the back, this place might be worthy of 5 stars.
Best wings, hands down. If you're just craving wings, Long Wongs is your spot. I've only been to this location and I typically do call in orders. Quick and easy. Eat some wangs!
Hands down the worst chicken wings I have ever had! Low quality wing and too heavy with the sauce. The cheeseburger was decent and the fries were good.
Grrr I was in the middle of doing this one. Actually this is another staple in LA. Where there's a Yoshinoya Beef Bowl on Every corner. Ok if you have the Chicken bowl. Understand Chicken has the weird color...yea. It's just how it is. It's EXTRA COLOR = EXTRA FLAVOR. I just dont like to drown everything in salt. ESPECIALLY VEGGIES. Ok the beef bowl. It's normally served like that. I guess I'm used to it.
No...It's not the best of Teriyaki bowls. But then again. This isn't a teriyaki place. This is Beef Bowl....They serve shaved beef. They serve Luminescent Chicken and Veggies....
I wouldn't venture off the strip, but "The Bachelore" of our group required a visit to Yoshinoya.  

He lives in Chicago and whenever he ventures to the west coast, he seeks out a Yoshinoya.  I have never been to a Yoshinoya in the states.  The only time was in the location across from the Kabukicho gate.  That experience was three stars.  Meat was decent and cheap.

However, this experience at this Las Vegas location was disappointing.  The sesame chicken wings tasted fresh enough, but I had to force myself to consume the beef bowl with vegetables.   Uhm, the iced tea tasted fine. :)

I always describe the meat as "wet bacon" on overcooked rice.  It was spot on.  More fat than meat.  Rice was clumpy and fat with water.  

To top it off, it was a $26 cab ride there from the strip (back and forth) and my buddy bought THREE large beef bowls to bring back to Caesar's.  I had to give it two stars since my buddy was smiling with MSG drool for the next three meals.  ack!

Only the best for "The Bachelore".
Who knew a place that can be so popular can be so disgusting.  I didn't know a beef bowl with vegetables could be made so bad.  The veggies were slimy because they were covered in some glop along with some thing disgusting beef that just smelled.  I've tried it in California also, and it tastes the same here.  I just don't get how it's so popular.
I lived in Japan for about 2 years so anytime I feel reminiscent of those drunken 4am nights I come here.  Not really so much like the ones in Japan though.  And I didn't think Yoshinoya was one of the better gyu-don places in Japan anyways.  

They should add Japanese curry to their menu.  I also wish they offered white meat chicken too.  I also agree with the weirdness of the veggie color.  I don't know why its gotta be so damn yellow.  Just go to Ichiza instead.
Japanese Ad featuring Matsui (baseball player) 

http://youtube.com/watch?v=hIaBeQcZdCM


OK Y'all, so I'm not sure why the ratings for this place are so low. 

This is certainly not 100% equivalent to the ones in Japan, but I keep myself from reviewing sushi places in SF by comparing them to ones in Japan. 

So.... 
A lovely warm beef bowl (regular size) sets you back less then $5 here. That, plus a soda, and you're set for a meal and half, if not more. 

Side order options (not very OG): 
Macaroni Salad (odd, not an option in japan) 
Cheesecake 
Caramel Flan
Chocolate Cake

From an excerpt from the Japan Times: 
"It was delicious," said Tadashi Ishigami, 23, one of the first to mark the return of the dish, downing a bowl at an outlet in Tokyo's Yurakucho district. "I don't care (about the safety of the beef) as long as I can eat it."

You see, there was a momentary ban on US Beef (insert joke here) to Japan back in 2006, and GyuDon returned to its glory days in Fall of 2006. 

But I digress. 
Sure, they should add curry rice. Sure, they should be open 24 hours and have these orange 'noren'/curtains that welcome you thru the doors. But they don't, and that's okay. 

Gyu-don of my childhood, available in Rasu Begasu. 
But not in SF. (-_-) 

Oh, and yes, the dorktastic part of me spent about 10-15 minutes looking at the black and white photos of yoshinoya shops in the early 1900s. 

Whenever I drive past one of these.. the old commercial runs thru my head.. 

Nice to Know Ya, Yoshinoya!

I think there's one in San Jose... road trip?

Remember: 
Umai. Hayai. Yasui.
(Yummy, Fast, Cheap) 
http://www.yoshinoya.com/
In Japan: Kimchee Beef Bowls are also available. 

http://www.yoshinoya.com/shop/menu/index.html
check it out.. there's a calorie content section

Should you be so inclined: 
available in: 
The Philippines, Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Australia, NYC and thruout SoCal.
Executive Summary: Food's not great, but it's quick, it's really, really, really cheap, and it fills you up.  Did I mention it's cheap?

No, Yoshinoya isn't the greatest food.  It's not haute cuisine.  In fact, it's probably just barely edible, but when you consider the price/value proposition, Yoshinoya should be on the top of your fast food list.  How much does a value meal at your typical fast food restaurant cost?  Probably $5-6 (depending on what size you'd prefer your cholesterol delivery system).  For $6, you can get a crappy burger, fries, and a soda.  What can you get at Yoshinoya for $6?  You can get a steaming bowl of rice, topped with hot beef and onions, a dessert, and a soda.  If you could go without the soda and desert, you could walk away from Yoshinoya spending less than $4.  It's a great bargain.  Yes, the chicken has the same texture as the styrofoam container it's served in, but it's still more fulfilling than a Big Mac.

If you're on a budget, and you're in a hurry, and you're sick of burgers, go to Yoshinoya and you'll think twice about ordering a value meal ever again.  Bonus: UNLV students get a $3.99 beef/chicken bowl and soda.  Bring your student ID.
3 Bucks for a Sm. Spicy Chix Bowl.  'Nuff Said.
I was soooooooooooo drunk.  Cheapest thing I did in Vegas was buy a beef bowl.  

I don't care what anyone says. I used to hit up Yoshinoya's whenever I was in SoCal.... emerging from a smoke-filled car, and I'll continue to come here,  inebriated every time.

4 stars.... minus 1 star because I'm not an alcoholic or drug addict. This is definite tweaker food.
I really wish this place was here when I was in UNLV.  This would have been a great compliment to the Aloha Kitchen right across the street from it.  I had never had Yoshinoya before but someone at work told me they were big in Cali, it's kind of like Japanese home cooking.

I got around to finally visiting one night.  Wow, not bad at all!  I know, for the low prices you shouldn't expect 5 star gourmet cuisine but for what it was it wasn't bad at all.  It really got me wishin' this place was here when I was in college.  Imagine all the drunken nights, then getting a nice bowl to satisfy the munchies?  It would have been great I think.

This place isn't the cleanest of places (check the bathroom) but at least the dining room is clean right before a late night food rush.  You see where I'm getting?  This place is popular with the college folk!  In case you didn't know, Yoshinoya serves Japanese food bowls, almost like ramen but instead with rice and meat.  Their claim to fame is the 'Yoshinoya Beef Bowl'.  But they've added chicken since opening its doors back in California.

I LOVE the chicken and beef combo bowl (around $7).  It's got steamed rice on the bottom and is topped with their teriyaki chicken, fatty sliced beef (so yum! It's like the beef in sukiyaki), and a veggie mix (broccoli, carrots, cauliflower, cabbage).  Their sauce makes it soooo good!  This hits the spot when you need a quick meal.  I almost forgot, you get a drink with the combo, and a side dish as well!  You can choose from a green salad, macaroni salad, soup, caramel flan, cheesecake, strawberry cheesecake or cookies.  So many choices!  I usually end up getting the green salad because on the desserts they actually include the nutritional info, leaving me feeling a little guilty.  If you eat in, on your table you have the choice of soy sauce, seasoning, and pickled ginger.  All you can eat pickled ginger!  I love the stuff and I eat a buttload of it with my meal every time.  It goes well with the sweet sauce of the dishes.  Prices for everything else are very reasonable and the food is filling.  I can get away with spending less than $20 for my gf and I, and we get entree, drink and side of salad or dessert.  

The customer service was friendly, even when they were busy with lots of college students.  Umm...half drunk college students...*tear* oh the memories!  They were completing orders quickly because it wasn't too hard to assemble one of their bowls or combos.  My only gripe here is that they serve Pepsi instead of COKE, ugh.  Boo.  I can't stand Pepsi.  I was born in Georgia....go Coke!  Coke is it!

And if you're a college student at UNLV, lucky you.  Yoshinoya has a special college meal, I think it's a beef bowl and a drink...all for $2.99!  But you gotta show your UNLV ID to get it.  No wonder the place was full of students that night.  Sure beats having to go to the DC (Dining Commons to you UNLV folk, Deadly Cuisine to my old college pal...ha ha) and figuring out what you're eating.  

Oh yeah, one last tip.  DO NOT save this stuff for leftovers the next day...it can be NASTY!  I think it could be the soggy rice.  It just doesn't taste right unless you eat it the same day you buy it.  Or maybe I added WAY too much ginger?  Anyway, just make sure you eat it all or throw away what you got left.  

But try this place if you're near UNLV and in a pinch for something to eat.  If you're not in the In-N-Out mood, give Yoshinoya a shot.  It's good, filling food.  Just don't blame me for a sore tummy if you eat your leftovers the next day!
I suppose if I was REALLY homesick, I'd like this place.  The rice was terrible, and the vegetables were foul--just like my mother makes them.  For not much more than the same price I can go across the street to East Boy and get a decent chicken bowl with green beans, seaweed salad and nice rice.  Yoshinoya is the first place around UNLV that I won't bother to return to.
Panda Express kicks this place's bum, and I don't even really like Panda.
Holy crap.  Nicest Yoshi's that I've ever frequented.  

Modern decor and easily accessible from Maryland Parkway.  Right across the street from UNLV --- lucky bastards.  

Atmosphere was great, but the Bowl itself was OK.  Rice was a bit dry --- not as moist as other Yoshi's.  But I'll take it.  Cheap, sweet beef.  I can't complain.  

Showed up on a Thursday at 11:30 a.m.  Not crowded at all.
I used to live right behind this restaurant so I frequented it pretty often. Teriyaki chicken and beef bowls always hit the spot! Fast, friendly service in a nice modern atmosphere. Pretty cheap too.
This place is just OK for me. I do not understand the fascination with this place. The meat is a little too thin and mashed up for me. The sauce is way too watery for me. I do appreciate the price on their meal combos. It is very affordable. If you are on a tight budget then this place is for you. 

This place used to be a WENDY'S
I crave this stuff.....

Every time I go to Vegas I eat here as much as I can. That's saying a lot since the casinos are more then happy to comp all my meals.

I always have the beef bowl. No chicken bowl, no vegetable bowl or anything else. Just the beef bowl.

I'm not sure why some people don't like it but I love it. I think about for weeks before I get to Vegas.
Its been 5 looong years since I last ate at Yoshi.So to my tastbuds delight this has been a real treat.
Ordered the large beef bowl and nothing else.
Place was empty except for the staffs and a couple of take outs.
Will go back to have my beef bowl fix before I leave.
Don't know why people like this place so much.  Got the beef bowl that people were raving about on here.  It came with some vegetables that were obviously low-quality frozen ones.  The beef was tender, and I don't mind that it was thin, but it was almost all fat.  The miso soup tasted like water, none of the salty/savory flavor that usually makes it good.
So you looking for the Japanese version of McDonald's?

Well you found it here.  I was told this place was good, so we took a cab all the way out to here, the cab driver was a bit confused himself....

Anyways I picked up a combo platter.  It has both beef and chicken and came with a side and a drink.  The beef was really fatty, felt gross eating it.  The chicken however had a crunchy skin that reminded me of crispy pork and it was covered in a brown sauce that was very tasty.  They did make a decent japanese rice for a fasts food joint.  I was hungover so I decided to give their chicken noodle soup a try, it was super salty.  I also got the miso soup which you really can't mess up.  I tried my friend's cheesecake and it tasted like the ones from jack in the box which was right next door.
Went here for lunch the other day. Got the beef bowl. It was good though the meat was a little fatty. I like Yoshinoya because it has atypical fast food (I.e., not the standard burgers or tacos).
Okay. Gyudon is like one of my fave Japanese food. I have had Yoshinoya in Japan many times as well as in the ghettos of California. Haha. They had one in Vegas! Yay! Plus it was a rainy, wintery day so gyudon sounded amazing. We get to Yoshinoya and I am automatically thinking (or not thinking since I may have been too hungry) I will get a large beef gyudon. Of course the husband warned me but I did it anyway. I order the large. My husband also got a large but with vegetables and beef. It is so interesting how the menu at the restaurant has the amount of calories in each meal. Good and not good. I just happened to ignore those signs that day. Anyways, we got home and I thought I had accidentally bought a catering tray of meat and rice for a party but no, it was the large. Thank goodness for my teenage nephew who helped me finish. I absolutely love Yoshinoya. The taste is super consistent from Las Vegas to Japan (of course in Japan there are more ethnic peoples preparing the meals). I love the thin beef with lots of rice. It was so 'ono' as we say in Hawaii for delicious!
Love the beef bowl they serve.  Been hooked since I was a kid and trying it at one of their many locations in SoCal.

This location looks like it is a bit worn down, but the food is still good.  I only wished they have a location on the West side of the I-15, so I don't have to drive 20-30 minutes to satisfied my gyudon fixing. But hey, it is better than driving 2-3 hours to California for one :)

Decor:  2/5  Looking old and tired.

Food:  4/5 for the beef bowl/gyudon, it is better than the microwaved?! gyudon that I was served at Shuseki.  Not a fan of their chicken bowl.  Skip the combo, I don't like their veggies. 

Price Value:  3/5  It is what it is.

Location:  Only on the East side of Vegas.  Great for UNLV students, not so good for me.

I still love Yoshinoya, so 4 stars.
I only ordered the vegetables and the miso soup to go, so I still have a great deal to explore about this place. As far as location and interior goes, it is considered to be in a little bit of a "rundown area" but don't be so quick to judge a book by its cover. The interior is clean, modern, and my service experience was fairly friendly at best. The two side items I ordered was made in little less than 5 minutes, and was piping hot, so the quality of the food here is great. Good stop for college students in the area if they're looking for something different than Chipotle, In-N-Out, or Smashburger.
Not a good experience with my recent visit to yoshinoya. The rice bowl and veggies were greasy and unflavorful. The cooks might be using some cheap oil to cook their rice bowls with. Also, if you ask for some hot sauce or pepper your gonna get charged .70. The clam chowder that came with my rice bowl tasted better than the rice bowl and that is not saying much. The clam chowder was too watery and not one single clam in the cup. Also, the restaurant had a funky smell. Also, the floor was dirty and the restroom was very dirty. I hate to sound negative but the yoshinoya management needs to read this review. This restaurant needs some major changes fast if they wish to stay in business.
Went here for the first time today.read reviews and thought I'd try the beef bowl . Man was I disappointed, looked and tasted like they threw the beef into boiling water then threw it over rice.no flavor.won't be going back there again
I like the changes in the way they prepare the chicken
I've been to this location a few times which was once a Pizza Hut with a pizza buffet.  I miss those Pizza Hut buffets where can I find one huh?

First I'll review Yoshinoya as a chain.  Not a big fan of super thinly sliced meat unless it's in a sandwich or in a broth dish like pho. Which is what I got with the Teriyaki chicken with vegetables bowl. I should've gone across the street to Aloha Kitchen for their Teriyaki chicken bowl.  I think I paid more for what I got.

There was once a so called knockoff of Yoshinoya in town, not so far from here Yoshi something, before this location opened up.  That place was way better but it eventually closed down.  This location does seem run down.  The condiments area was completely empty, there was only an almost empty container of pickled ginger that didn't look pleasing. There wasn't even any soy sauce or salt and pepper dispensers. The napkins in the dispenser were all wet and counters need cleaning.  For decoration there's a few UNLV items on the walls. They could use a renovation.
Yoshinoya has a certain flavor that I cant seem to find in any other teriyaki place. I have tried pretty much everything on their menu and I gotta say, I it is all decent. The only thing negative that I can say is that their veggies are a bit starchy. Other than that, their own special blend of cayenne spices and pickled ginger gives your meal that extra flavor. 

This location is pretty spacious and they keep it pretty clean, including the bathroom.
This is the only Yoshinoya in Vegas compared to dozens in Southern Cali. There used to be another location but that was closed down due to I assume not enough business.
always good to take a beef bowl home ....its aways good hot or cold not to mention the best hangover cure!
I grew up on this place and love this food. Straight up large beef bowl or large combo to go. Im there!
Man you can't beat Yoshinoya when it comes to finding a great value. You can get yourself a chicken bowl or a beef bowl for around $5 and have change left over for whatever else. 

I'm comparing this one to the one in L.A and I gotta say this location's chicken taste better because its crispier. I think because you have the grilled skin still on their. 

Pretty big location. 
Prices slightly higher than L.A
One of my go to places for takeout for a quick dinner when I am not in the mood to cook!  The flavor is always good and consistent and the size of the big bowls are great I always have leftovers for my lunch the next day.

I love the large Beef Bowl with Veggies I also love to add the crushed peppers and a little bit of soy sauce.   My boyfriend likes the mixed bowl so he gets the Chicken, Beef and mixed veggies.  On a very hungry day we will add the Gyoza.  None of this is gourmet it is a fast food place but for a filling good flavored dinner it is perfect.

The staff is always friendly and fast with the service and the food. This will continue to be a great, fast take out dinner place for me!
Yoshinoya was always one of my Los Angeles favorites for the beef and/or vegie bowl. Real simple concept and the thin shaved marinated beef placed on top of a bed of rice has always been tasty. This location is a few miles from the strip in a questionable neighborhood where alcohol abuse (panhandling drunks)surrounding the restaurant was noticeable. Food was just ok and below the standards set at the LAX area locations. Restrooms could use a little more cleaning attention.
The food is great for fast food. The beef bowl is great and comes with veggies. It would stick to their beef bowl as their chicken wasn't spectacular.
Great place for a quick bite to eat!! Really convenient being close to UNLV
I finally did it, for Tony T.  I walked to Yoshinoya and got a beef bowl (gyudon) to go.  For whatever reason, the faded building/sign always turned me off, so I expected it to be old and dirty inside.  I already can get cheap gyudon from Japan Creek or just make it at home, so I never saw a reason to come here, though I worked within walking distance for almost 6 years.

I spotted Yoshinoya in Japan but never sought it out to eat at one.  The other day, I watched a show called "Fast Foods Gone Global" on Travel Channel, which usually chronicles US chains that infiltrate other countries and make special menus for each country's tastes.  However, this episode was international fast food companies' infiltration into the US, and whether or not menu items were changed for the American palate.

Yoshinoya has clearly adjusted its menu to the American palate, but the gyudon is still what gyudon is always - fatty thinly sliced beef cooked with onions in a sauce made with typical Japanese ingredients and served on top of rice, with beni shoga (red pickled ginger) as an accompaniment. I ordered a regular beef bowl (just under $6 with tax, and added beni shoga.  I also sprinkled on some shichimi togarashi and though not traditional, some chopped green onion that was out for miso soup orderers (only because green onions are my favorite vegetable!)

The menu otherwise has some odd things (I am not a fan of teriyaki type joints so I do not like the weird vegetables like zucchini in my bowls or stir fries), like vegetables, udon bowls, chicken and combo bowls, and grilled fish - I asked what type of fish and the lady pronounced something weird twice to me that started with an S, a name of a fish I certainly have never heard of in my life and have no idea how to spell...I did notice Yoshinoya now has ponzu sauce (not for the beef bowl but rather the fish).  I liked the to go bowl packaging and the meal stayed hot on my jaunt back to the office to eat.  I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of the interior too.  Accepts credit cards for orders over $5.
Couldn't eat meat for religious purposes the day I went, only ONE seafood option. Ordered it. It turned out to be spicy as hell!  When my boyfriend went to ask if he could order one with "no spicy" the register woman told him it wasn't spicy, and it went back and forth with her ("spicy, no spicy")  for a while until he said, "do you want to taste it!? all i want to do is buy another filet with no spicy" and she said that they had no filets that were not marinated. so, I ended up eating miso soup and rice... the food was okay according to my boyfriend, who had chicken and beef terriyaki, and ultimately... my spicy filet. I guess, what could I expect. Should have gone to a non fast food place.
Mmmm Beef Bowl! Haven't had that in a while!
CRAP! The other reviews are idiotic (sorry, but it has to be true, since this is crap!)  Over priced - over sauced - horrible place. Oh, and very dirty.  

You have been warned - enjoy!
Been eating Yoshinoya since I was little, Im originally from CA and I was stoked to see that one was finally opened here in Vegas! Despite the tricky location and somewhat raised prices, the food is still great (with a slight different taste) but I LOVE this place! Nothing beats a good beef bowl.. :)
Unless, you've been in LA, you don't understand.  Yoshinoya is all about these fatty, beef strips that make your mouth punch you in the face.  It is the most savory, delicious, juicy beef you ever tasted, dare I say better than a ribeye or Philly cheesesteak?  Of course, the rib eye will fill you up, but this is like a delicacy, an amuse bouche.  It won't fill you up unless you have like four orders of it, but think of it as bacon.  You don't want to fill up on bacon.  Maybe I should get a Smashburger across the street and put three strips of the Yoshi beef on it.  Wow.  I'm doing that my next trip to Vegas.  So why only 3 stars?  Well, everything else is gross.  Sorry.  It's fast food for crying out loud.  I'm not taking a date here.  You also don't get a lot of the beef for your money.  The gyoza is frozen and nuked or something and has freezer burn.  Seriously, it's not a gourmet Japanese restaurant.  It's Japanese junk with the most amazing beef strips you ever had in your life.  Go there just for the beef, seriously, and put it on your burgers and sandwiches.
I'm originally from California. So to find a yoshinoya near unlv is amazing. The first time I came here, yes it was very outdated. I came here for lunch today and it has been completely remodeled. Very modern and clean. $7 for a beef, chicken, and vegetable bowl is a steal. Idk why yelp says it closed on days it's not. So call ahead
Anytime I can find a Yoshinoya I am there!! I am kind of a proponent for this place.. I don't know exactly why i love it so much, but I seek them out when I can find them. We don't have them in AZ, so I usually go out of my way when I am out of state to find one. You have to get the chicken and beef combo bowl. So good.. I am hungry for it right now!
Im shocked they have any good reviews! If I hadnt thrown out the DISGUSTING beef already Id have taken a pic to show how horrifying it looked. I almost threw up! All fatty and stringy.. thats not beef by any stretch of the imagination. And the teriyaki sauce is awful too. Idk how this place even exists. Then when I asked the woman if I could just get veggies instead to put in my rice she looked at me like I was insane. Sorry your food is nasty. And I didnt want to eat it. Never wasted $7 on anythhing worse than I did today. Now im heading to work still hungry and $7 none the richer... awful. Stay away.
9 pieces  for $3.99 was good deal.  It was deep  fried one not pan fried.  I still expect Yoshinoya to be Yoshinoya in Japan I know "Cheep, Fast and Tasty"...
A regular beef bowl which is main dish here is over $6, that is not cheep meal to me..
Visiting from San Diego and wanted chicken & veggies.   Counter was very disorganized- at least 15 people waiting for food to come out. Finally got to order. Waited 10 min for my food. From where I was sitting could NOT hear them call my order. Food was fresh but cold. Not sure if anyone here knows or cares about customer service.
I love how there's only one yoshinoya in Vegas because I get to appreciate it so much more when I finally get to have it! It's always been on point here as far as service and quality goes. I've never had to wait that long for my food or to order and they always have all the condiments as far as the peppers, soy sauce and ginger filled. Their rice is cooked just right every time and their veggies always look and smell so good. I normally order the combo bowl and both the beef and the chicken is cooked just right and tastes so comforting! I also love how they have the peach iced tea in their fountain and I'm not much of a sweet tooth but their flan is a must! :)
Mmmmm! Yoshinoya!!
This place is delicious! 
I've been going for years in LA and was soooooo happy when they made one here. 
I adore both the beef and chicken teriyaki bowl. I can't figure out which I like best. So what to do? Get both with the combo bowl. 
The beef is soooooo delicious. I like the beef better than the chicken but the teriyaki sauce on the chicken is heavily.
I also tried the yakisoba recently and it was so good. I'm getting it more often. 
I love everything about this place but my favorite thing here is the creamy cheesecake. OMG that thing is good. It's my absolutely favorite dessert on earth. I usually get two or three to eat later.
Like the food, but today was my first time at this location. Clean location and convenient for a quick lunch. However the food was  too salty. All customers were frustrated because no one understands what we are asking for. I'm pretty sure they were saying something about my butt in Spanish. People left with food but frustrated and the lady taking the food orders kept answering her cell phone that rang incessantly. I won't be back to this location. For lunch maybe a different shift.
This is a classic for me I grew up in this stuff..ok so I'm thinking the bad reviews are because people don't know how to eat here so here let me help you out..

Large beef bowl 
(Add chilli.powder,ginger, and soy sauce)

Clam chowder is a must 

If you're really hungry get some sesame chicken wings that is all
I shouldn't love it as much as I do.  But Popeye's makes me happy.  SO happy!  On a cold day - nothing better than some hot fried chicken and some mashed potatoes or mac 'n cheese.  I'm a big fan of the chicken strips personally - but they have some rockin' deals on multi-piece deals.  And their cajun shrimp are pretty dang good!  Better than you'd think from a drive through location!  

Their sides are really awesome - but the best side is the biscuit - which is why it gets second billing.  They taste so yummy and buttery you just KNOW they are absolutely no good for you.  And yet.... mmmmmmm... so good.
Yes... I went to Popeye's for dinner tonight.  I had a craving for popcorn shrimp and it was the closest thing to satisfy my hunger.  Is it just me or are their portions shrinking?  My popcorn shrimp was good and finger-lickin' greasy like I expected, but I could have eaten 3 times the amount! I guess that explains why they don't have a kid's menu and my boyfriend's son couldn't get a damn toy! They have obviously melded the two menus together and now I get to pay $6.95 for a combo that is kid-sized.
Having spent 4 years in New Orleans (mostly Creole food) as well as some time in Lafayette (Cajun food, not Creole food!), it's nice to partake of some Cajun fare from time to time, even if it's fast food... 

So as long as they don't take away my red beans & rice or my hubby's dirty rice (AKA, Cajun Rice), we'll be happy campers at Popeye's. Hubby misses the naked strips from the recently reduced menu, but my spicy chicken strips are still great, as are the biscuits that accompany the combo meals. I wish there were more diet drink selections, but that goes for almost every fast food chain out there, right now... 

Recommended if you are in the mood for a heavy, crunchy, crispy, spicy meal. : )
Hubby's favorite is now the chicken sandwich. I have to admit that the bun is tasty. He pointed out that the lettuce (not iceberg) and tomato (actually red, not pink) are fresh as well. 

I still like my spicy strips, red beans and rice, and biscuit. Evil, but yummy!
So, in order to counter the bad review of KFC I did - I'd like to thank Popeye's for being right down the street from the office. The staff here is ALWAYS good, even the drive thru. And it's always quick, unlike the toher chicken place up the street.

My standard order? 

Number 5 = 5 Piece strips (spicy) with biscuit and Red Beans & Rice. Root Beer to drink.

The only thing that could make it better would be Vernors in the soda machine...
Popeyes yes that's right Popeyes, after recently relocating from Chicago to Phoenix I wanted some fried chicken and Popeye's is what I like. Now Fried chicken competition is pretty stiff in the Chi you have Harold's, Uncle Remus, and Mac Arthur's but here in Phoenix I am not so sure of the local spots. There are not many Popeyes locations near my current residences but ahhh.... one is near my work location. Score and this one has the "Tuesday Special" 2 pieces - leg and thigh for only .99 cents. Talk about an awesome deal, especially if you like dark meat which I do.  I did the drive thru cause I wanted to get home on the 51 before the traffic got bad and the window person was very nice and efficient. This is now my chicken spot here in AZ unless you know of another one that can get me tasty and spicy chicken I can't be persuade differently.
CAN WE SAY I LOVE TUESDAY'S JUST FOR LEG AND THIGH FOR $1.47 MMMM HMMMM Yes As good as it giets!
Love it! Best fast food period. Really only fast food I will eat. 

Spicy fried chicken w/ rice and beans and mashed potatoes with gravy is what I get every time.

The fried chicken is always juicy and delicious and the biscuits are awesome!
Okay so I've never really been a fan of Popeye's. I tried one in Vegas and another connected to a gas station. Blech! But this one changed my opinion. The spicy chicken was delicious and the mashed potatoes with gravy (with jalapeos in it!!)! So good. The Mac and cheese had no flavor, the mashed potatoes made up for it for sure. This Popeyes is a keeper!
So I ordered my 3 wing meal and I'm really excited to try this chicken.  I get home (less than 5 mins away) and it's completely cold and dried out.  And I mean everything I ordered.  There is nothing worse than cold and dried out Chicken, Fries and Biscuits.  Come on how hard is it to make fresh food and know when it is not so fresh anymore.  I really wanted to like it too, so disappointing. 

Unacceptable Popeyes, I'm pretty sure your founder Alvin Copland would not be pleased with your store!
Allow me to preface by saying that I'm rating this as a fast-food chicken joint.  Comparables are places like KFC and Louisiana Fried Chicken and Churches (etc).  I'm not comparing to Pappadeaux's or anyplace like that.

We were coming from a work out.  Didn't eat much before (hard to work out on a full stomach...sometimes get to feeling really sick when we do that).  So we were HUNGRY!  A craving for chicken was in the air, and especially Louisiana Fried Chicken.  But there was a notice on their door that the landlord had locked them out.  Consulting YELP we spotted "Popeye's".  So off we go!

The place didn't look special at all.  Routine fast-food look with a drive-thru.  Menu was similar to other fast food chicken places, except the "Cajun rice", "Cajun fries", "red beans and rice", and "Jambalaya".  You can get the chicken "regular" or "Cajun".

The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I went with a deal they had painted on their window, and then ordered some extras (Jambalaya and two sides).  Then realized maybe there was a deal that would include that and cost less.  The guy looked at the total, checked his board quickly, and said that was the best way to get what I wanted.

The food took about as long as expected for a fast food chicken joint.

The fries were like most seasoned fries I've had.  Maybe a little more kick, but not much more.  They were very good, but didn't jump up and say "Cajun" to me.

The Cajun rice was similar to a dirty rice (Cajun), and was good.  Not spicy (hot), but very tasty.

The Jambalaya was also good.  Again, not spicy.  Not comparable to Pappadeaux's.  But good.

We ordered half/half for the chicken so we could try the regular and the spicy.  The regular was like KFC used to be long ago (when KFC was "Kentucky Fried Chicken", and was good).  It was your basic good fried chicken.  The spicy was a bit inconsistent.  Some pieces were "I feel the burn" while others were more mild.  I preferred the spicy anyway.  Good fried chicken with a bit more flavor.

Frankly, I prefer the food at Louisiana Fried Chicken, but that doesn't do much good since they are evidently out of business (unless they can pay-off the landlord and get un-locked-out).  Popeye's was very good for what it is.

I foresee Popeye's being our new Cajun chicken joint for now.  If LFC comes back I may have to re-evaluate.  But we were very happy with the food we got here.  In fact, we even had the leftovers for lunch today!  :-)
Finally tried popeyes after 29 years of living! Unfortunately I didn't have one near me back in Jersey. For a fast food fried chicken place, it was really good (comparing it to KFC, Church's and other fast food friend chicken places). Very crispy and has a kick to it.
As far as fast food places go, Popeyes is bomb-diggity.  I love, love, love the fact that they feature a Cajun theme to their food.  I love their Cajun season salt that you can add to everything.  Their "Cajun Sparkle" may be a more generic version of Tony Chachere's Cajun Seasoning, but once you've gotten hooked on this condiment (which is ubiquitous in Louisiana), it is heartening to find it available.

My favorite thing about Popeye's is the spicy chicken.  It usually is more flavorful and juicier than the Colonel's anyways (Oh... how the mighty have fallen!).  I also like that they offer crawfish dishes seasonally, yet I somehow always seem to time it wrong and not make it in during that window.  My current understanding is that they offer these goodies in November, including crawfish po'boys and crawfish etouffee! I must be more vigilant so that I can scrabble them mudbugs up in my chops!  Just try to find another fast food place that dares to put "etouffee" on their menu... I dare you, dammit!

Anyhow... little known fact for all you Cajun food fans out there.  You can buy Cajun-seasoned deep-fried turkeys at Popeyes during the holidays.  We picked up out Thanksgiving turkey at this store and were thrilled to death with it.  It is fully cooked and frozen when you get it.  And it's not terribly cheap... $50 for a 12-lb bird (or so).  But it is delicious! Still requires about two hours of cooking time... all the instructions are included.  Be aware these sell out fast. Having nearly missed the boat (last Thxgiving, I got the last bird at this store), I would look no later than two weeks before Thanksgiving to get your turkey.  And call them beforehand to be sure. Not every store carries holiday Turkeys.  I can't tell you if they offer these for Christmastime, neither.

So be forewarned, Pilgrim!
Of course, I had Popeye's before, but if you look at the online menu there is nothing similar to the actual restaurant menu at this location. So, I was looking for naked tenders, but they were not around on the menu. Ended up with a few loaded chicken wraps at $1.69 each, but they are far from loaded. They are wrapped in a chipotle tortilla I think and it involves one breaded tender with some rice and beans. Loaded? I think not. Also added a biscuit, but no butter or honey was given in the bag. I thought that was automatic. Probably should stick to the regular chicken next time (next time I'm in the South) since that is what they are known for a long time, but the chain food tastes better when you eat it in the southern United States.
Poor customer service from this restaurant that shares space with a Circle K. Chicken was flavorless and some pieces were over cooked. Our order took nearly 15 minutes to put together because they were filling other orders while they waited for enough fries to complete our order. They did offer compensation but only after we complained about the six counter orders they filled while we waited. We have no idea how many drive thru orders were filled in that time frame. We used to think customer service was poor in New Jersey. The greater Phoenix area is worse by far.
The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. The service is fast and the food was great!!
Okay, I know, fast food chain, but the two pieces for a $1.29 (drumstick and thigh, choose the spicy) is a good deal from a taste standpoint, though your heart will hate you in the morning from all the fat but hey, live a little. A few weeks ago I tried the little hot sauce packets they offer on the chicken and wow, so good! I am also a fan of the red beans and rice - the biscuits - blah...but overall, I do stop by once or twice a month, on a Tuesday, on the way home, so I must like it. If you have never tried it remember, spicy chicken, drizzle on some hot sauce, and dig on in to a lowbrow but delicious culinary treat. :-)
Where have I been?  When did Carl's Jr go upscale?  Maybe I should have seen it with their $6000 combo (The commercial that says it's served only at the Palms - and staring the Maloof Brothers?) or maybe their $6.00 burger.  

In running some errands it was suggested that we eat here.  Not grab here or drive through here, but eat here.  I think I'd eaten inside a Carl's Jr maybe once before in my life.  

It's actually decent inside here.  There were 3 different TV's around the place, at the time all tuned on a different one of the ESPN channels.  I got this big Chicken salad for $6 and was shocked when it came out quite big.  And actually good.  And I was washing it down with a Squirt.  As I'm eating my salad, a girl there came over to see if I'd like a refill.  Are you serious?  I said no, but my companion said yes.  We had our drinks filled another time after that.  At the end, I wasn't sure if we were supposed to tip or not.  We left a buck just in case though we didn't see anyone else doing the same.  

I didn't check out their nutritional info to know if it was actually healthy or if it just felt healthy - but it sure was a nice option to have vs. another burger or taco place.
Before volunteering at St Mary's Food Bank, I used Yelp to find a fast food place and came across Carl's Jr. Read the one review and I was sold. 
The worker's there have an infectious, enthusiastic attitude, friendly and want to make your dining experience enjoyable.
 I had the Western Bacon Burger which was well worth the $8 for the combo. It included the $6 burger. When is the last time you had the burger bulging out of the bun? The only negative was the shape of the french fries. I like them a lot thinner. If they had shoe string fries, it would be a killer combination. The burger came wrapped like In & Out Burger, not in a cardboard box.
The seating area was clean and modem with two color TV's set on the ESPN stations. At one end of the seating area, there was one worker mopping the floor.
I've never seen such pride in what they do to keep the place in tip top condition.
I have always enjoyed Carl's Jr! This one is not to far from my work, I was actually looking for the Puerto Rican food restaurant in the same strip mall. Since they were closed I went ahead and ate at CJ's!! Just like any of their franchise, food is good, never been a fan of their fries! CJ's is always adding to their menu, so you need to look at it once in awhile. You might miss something you might like!!! I had their Memphis Burger! This beast consist of: hamburger pattie, pull pork, onion rings, and bbq sauce. You have an option to add another pattie if you want, but you don't need to!!! Burger was great, loved the fusion of all the flavors! Service was great, they were training a new worker when they took my order. This location seem to have  a lot more seats! Lots of room!! Area is not that great, but this is a nice location!!
Ok, yes, this area is totally thug life: do not get out of your car if possible. 

However -- out of all of the Carl's Jr locations I have been to, this one has the best food and the nicest staff.  They have never made an error on our order, the ice tea is delicious (and cheap!), the food is hot and fresh, and if I am unfortunate enough to be in the area again --- I will totally go back here for a quick bite!
I love the salads here, and that's why I come, but, won't be coming back to this location. Every time I come to this location, it's a wait, or bad service.

Came in here a few weeks ago and there was 1 car ahead of me. I didn't leave the drive thru until 30 minutes later. First it took them 20 minutes to put the salad in the bag and hand it to me. Then upon handing it to me they told me they were out of forks. Cool, I guess, but, how am I supposed to eat this, with my hands ?? 

I asked for my money back, but instead they attempted to look for forks, took forever. Then they came up and said forks will be coming out soon, they said that they were going to run to el supor and buy some.I asked AGAIN for my money back and they finnally gave it back to me. I wasn't going to wait in line for them to buy that if it took them 20 minutes just to hand a salad to me. I used to work in drive thru, I know that drive thru takes priority, and that was a rediculous wait considering the line was so small.
Having not visited a Carl's Jr. for a number of years, I stopped in today for lunch to see how it's measuring up to the current competition.  I love a big, tasty burger, so I ordered a "Six Dollar Burger" in the Guacamole Bacon variety, with Onion Rings & a Chocolate Malt to go with it.  

The way they have the pricing structured here is that if you want Onion Rings instead of Fries, and/or if you want a shake or malt instead of a soda, there is no Combo discount at all...  they ring everything up ala carte.  That made this lunch EXPENSIVE at just under $12.00 by the time it was over.  It had better be good!

The dining room has a few booths as well as tables, but both the floor plan and the decor are pretty awful.  There was only one booth in the whole place that I would have called a somewhat comfortable place to sit, & the one other customer was sitting in it, of course.  Also, there was no escaping the two TVs.

The bathroom didn't have any paper towels, only one of those stupid air blowers, so I dried my hands with half a dozen ass gaskets, used them to pull the door handle, & then threw them on the floor, since there wasn't a waste basket anywhere in the room.

Back at the table with my food, both the Chocolate Malt and the Onion Rings were  ok, not great.  Then the burger, which I expected to be delicious given the price and ingredients, was BLAH!  Both the bacon and the cheese were thinner than paper-thin, and the supposedly Angus burger patty wasn't tasty at all.  Could it be that this franchisee is sneaking in cheap beef?  Just a thought.  In any case, this burger was a real dud for the money...  nowhere near as good as what you get at Smashburger, Five Guys, or any number of other places.  Even IN-N-Out's Double Double at only $3.30 blows this thing completely out of the water!

Sorry Carl's...  it's "never again" for me.     :-(
Siobhan clearly doesn't know what a real ghetto is like. Try living in Southern Chicago or Bayview in SF.

Regardless, the people at this place are nice and yes, I got out of my vehicle to get food. The guy who helped me out let me use a "Buy one get one free" coupon for 6-dollar burgers on burgers that were not 6-dollar burgers. I.e. he let me use a coupon for something I wanted that was not eligible according to the coupon and saved me $5.50. Sweeeeeeeeet.

The food was delicious also.

I will be returning here as I have 7 more coupons. :)
Came to this Carl's Jr for a quick lunch. It's not in the best part of town but I figured I could get a bite to eat without a problem... I was wrong. I ordered a hamburger and fries and asked for a cup for water. The cashier reacted as if I had just pulled a gun. He started getting nervous and said that he can't give me a water cup because it "causes too many problems." I had no idea what he was talking about. He said people "steal" soda so they don't give out water cups. He said that I can buy a cup or fill up my own cup if I happened to have one in my back pocket. I asked for the manager and he lowered his voice and whispered that he could give me a kids cup. Pretty hilarious. Only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of one is because the food wasn't bad.
They make the burgers the best here. They take there time. They cook it just right and never leave out anything that I have asked or paid for. Out of all the Carls Jr I make my way to this one if its not too far out of the way because I know I will enjoy my meal!
Terrific service and their low-carb charbroiled  Atlantic cod is really to die for.  Also check out their low-carb chicken club, sure beats McDonalds.
Decent food, but a little pricey. It's a good place to go if you are really hungry and willing to shell out the cash. A number of times I noticed homeless people hanging around and the occasional drunk passed out in one of the corner booths. The staff really needs to be more aware and concerned about that. it's not good for a business to have drunken derelicts hanging out and bumming money, cigarettes, etc. from customers.

But at least the orders are correct and the quality seems up to par. Not bad for a fast food place.
Despite the location, this carls jr is amazing! I've been in other Carl's jr's in nicer locations, but the customer service at this one can't be beat! The people here are very nice, polite, and welcome you when you walk in. 
From walk in to receiving my food only took about 5 minutes during lunch hour and there was 1 person in line ahead of me.
I had heard about the 99 cent shrimp cocktails at this place for a long time now but had never gone to try it. Well this time we made it a point to give it a try. Hubby and I both got one while lil guy was fixated on the foot long hot dog and the spam musubi.

The foot long hot dog was a great deal. For about $2.50 you get the dog plus a drink. The spam musubi was also pretty tasty although the nori was chewy because the lady warmed it up, but the flavor was good.

The shrimp cocktail had way too much sauce on it. The shrimp was so overpowered by the sauce I couldn't even taste the shrimp. There is some chopped up lettuce, onions, celery at the bottom to give it flavor, but again, TOO much sauce. If you plan to go, ask the woman NOT to add more sauce to the already sauced cocktail. Otherwise, your shrimps will be drowning and crying out for help. The other thing is, these shrimps are so damn small you can barely taste them. Go to Costco and get their shrimp cocktail for $10 and eat to your heart's content!

This place also serves saimin and oxtail soup for those of you craving Hawaiian fare. Otherwise, they are a Chinese fast food place -- I wouldn't eat the Chinese here -- and it's only okay to just grab a snack. Don't plan on having a meal, you'll be disappointed.
Inside the Fremont Casino downtown this casino snack bar serves up chinese fast food & fresh made hot sandwiches. 

Hot dog,fries & drink $2.95, 2 item chinese combo $5.99, French Dip & waffle fries plus a drink $6.99. 

French Dip was suprisingly good, waffle fries were fresh & crisp. Chinese was not so good. 

Definitely a good spot to know of if your downtown drinking & on a budget or craving some chinese.
We were starving at about 4AM and it didn't look like we had too many choices. Most of the snack bars were closed, even the shrimp cocktail bar at Golden Gate. My friend saw the sign for Dunkin' Donuts and got a craving so we headed into the Fremont. He got his donuts, but my other friend and I decided we wanted some hot food so we headed to Lanai Express. There was a bit of a line, probably because they were the only fast food at that time of night, and there was a guy begging for food. When the staff saw him, they immediately started yelling at him and called security who took him away. 

During late night, they do not serve Chinese food. You can still get the hot dog, shrimp cocktails, musabi, and a few other items. There is also a breakfast menu. The steak and eggs was pretty cheap, but it seemed like everyone was ordering that and since the steaks are cooked to order, there was a bit of a wait. We decided to get the breakfast plates instead. It consisted of 2 eggs, biscuit or bread, hashbrowns, and sausage or bacon. We went with the scrambled eggs since they had a big tray of those so we wouldn't have to wait for eggs. It didn't look like anything special, but it tasted a lot better than it looked. A pretty good deal for a cheap, fast meal.
I cant speak for any of their other food here except the late night breakfast menu egg sandwich with bacon. 

SERIOUSLY?!!!! Me and my friends had one (each) at 3:30 am, and it was THE most delicious egg sandwich this side of the rockies. 

The place doesn't look much more than a fast food chinese counter, but the eggs were fried, the swiss cheese melty, and the bacon crispy delicious, all served on a buttery piece of toast. OMG we actually went back the next night at 3:00am, YEAH IT WAS THAT GOOD. perfect comfort food for the drunken hearted.
LOVE this place! I go here when I'm craving a French dip. They have a combo, which includes the sandwich, waffle fries, and a drink for $6!! It's filling and reallyyy good. You do have to wait a bit longer for it though. They mix the Coke there quite well. Also they have a 99 cent shrimp cocktail, and their Chinese combo plates aren't bad. The prices on everything are extremely reasonable. Lanai Express is a gem if you're Downtown.
Update: they have changed the French dip special. It is now $5.99 for the sandwich and REGULAR fries (no more waffle fries, SOOO disappointing), no drink included now so you would have to pay for that separately :( It's not a big enough price difference to make me boycott their kickass French dip and fries but it's disappointing that there is no combo that includes a drink now.

I have changed my mind on their "Chinese" food as well. I'm not imagining it, in all truth I get a really bad headache when I eat it. I don't know what they use to make it but it's happened numerous times and the only variable is eating that food. So no more Chinese entrees for me. The French dip is delicious and I've never had a problem with it. They still have a decent variety of foods and awesome breakfast specials from midnight til 7 am. Their breakfast potatoes and bacon are really good, and for lunch I sometimes get a chili dog or a chili bowl. Mm!
Wow, people in Las Vegas must be on crack to give this place 3 stars. My 1 star is being generous. 

I stayed at the Freemont last year and on the first day just wanted to grab something quick to eat so I got some chinese food from here. This is the worst chinese food I have ever eaten. The egg rolls were disgusting. Actually, everything they served was disgusting. I ended up throwing the food away. 

Avoid this place at all cost. You better off starving to death then eating here.
Try the Oxtail Soup Combo!

Tucked inside the Fremont hotel in downtown Vegas, this little hole-in-the-whole, fast food, Panda-Express-like place fitted in perfectly with the rest of the downtown scene. No glitz, no frills, just an authentic, real, and delicious experience. Plastic utensils, wooden throw-away chopsticks, seating that would put Subway to shame...The staff was incredibly friendly, joked with us, and teased us as we asked them about the oxtail soup. 

Yes, that's right. Oxtail soup. 

We came here specifically to find this delicacy, and were not disappointed in the least. Tender, tasty, hunky meat that falls off the bone with the touch of a spoon. Topped with a good handful (or two if you're nice) of shiitake mushrooms and fresh-cut cilantro, this amazing meal befriends your wallet at a mere $7.95 (with or without white rice)!

In conclusion, try the oxtail soup combo!
wow, well lets just say it makes Panda express look like a fancy gourmet dinner.

I was starving and i wasn't craving anything while i was walking down Downtown Las Vegas. Actually me and my girlfriend couldn't decide what to eat so basically we ended up here. We saw the chinese food and it looked alright and took a chance anyway. We also saw the .99 cent shrimp cocktails so we got one of those too.

The chinese food was terrible, probably because it had been sitting on the heater for a while. The shrimp cocktail wasn't too bad and better than the chinese food.
Offering everything from Chinese food to pizza to burgers, this eatery is good if you need something in a hurry and don't have high expectations.
Quite frankly, I haven't dared try the Chinese food.  I did have a cheeseburger and shrimp cocktail recently.  The shrimp cocktail, at 99 cents, is a bargain and is much improved over the one I had here years ago.  The burger was over cooked, and I had a fairly long wait to be served with my burger.
if i could give a negative star i would this has to be the worst Chinese food i have ever eaten. the S&S pork and chicken were like rubber. The something beef was cut the wrong way so it was almost imposable to cut. I learned to clean my plate well not this time nor my wife PS. Chowmein was oily and no flavor
Pretty cool little cheap place. For some reason every time we come here it's always way to packed to dine in. It might be because there are 3 other restaurants that share a dine in spot. It's darn hard to find a seat to eat at after ordering your food. Well almost every time we come to fremont street, we come to check this little joint out. They serve Hawaiian food here along with what my son always gets, the spam masubi. Every time I come here too I always order the same thing, 99cents shrimp cocktail.....yummmy. I also heard that their oxtail soup here is good to, but I've yet to try it.

Besides the fact that it's hard to find a seat to eat your food, and how long the line is every time we come here (and sometimes, just sometimes they run out of spam masubis) but other than that food is good here and I will continue to come here when we go to Fremont St. 

99 cent cocktail shrimp for the win!
Late night dining - 

After a night of casino hopping we ended up here, its in the Fremont Hotel & casino. Small little place, with only a couple of tables to sit at. I went with the Breakfast plate - rice, portuguese sausage, eggs, and a biscuit all for like $5 and they give a lot of portuguese sausage. The food was ehhh - the eggs were cold, the rice was cold - I'm sure we could've found a better place to eat at. 

The Fremont hotel does have a Dunkin Donuts there - so I was pretty stoked. But I would skip this place.
Fast food restaurant smack dab in the middle of the Fremont Casino.  Inexpensive reliable food ranging from breakfast to Chinese food to hawaiian saimin - often very crowded as patrons are often slow to make decisions on what to eat, so the line backs up.  Hours from 11am to 7am.  They close for a couple hours after the early breakfast crowd.

Highlights:
Chinese plates for $5.99 - great deal, generous portions
Hot dogs - huge dogs!  Suitable for sharing.
Shrimp cocktail - 99cent special with baby shrimp (note, spicy kick to the sauce!)
Saimin - (for Hawaiians - akin to S&S brand saimin), -nice portion.
Cheap and good food. Had the chili dog this time. What a deal $3.99 for a huge chili dog. Tasted pretty good too. They also have Chinese food here.
Not the place to host your wedding but as a place to get late night food to soak up cocktails this fits the bill. Truthfully if you are picky not the place for you but not many casino cafes open w a full menu late night anymore.
They could use some more healthy options, but they do have a fruit platter, in a pinch its one of the few healthy things you can eat on fremont street. 

However I go here usually to grab a spam musubi, or a graveyard special. Careful, the spam musubi is thrown into the microwave inside plastic wrap so its super hot when you get it. steam can burn!   
 
I like their chinese food too but unless you get the combo, its kind of expensive. 

footlong hot dog and coke is a good deal though. and after midnight specials.
Think Panda Express, cause that's pretty much what it is. Same kinds of food, same serving style. The Chinese food was surprisingly good and very inexpensive ($5.99 for 2 entree). After midnight, they start serving breakfast and for $5.99, you get a heaping portion of whatever breakfast items you want.

They also have a hot dog and soda deal, which is insanely cheap. My brother lived on them the last time we stayed there.

So, if you're looking for fast, inexpensive, but good food, this is the place for you!
For a quick light snack, who couldn't want a spam musubi?  This place has just that, they also serve Chinese food individual portions or by the combination plate, they have breakfast food and some fruits.  They are easily accessed just inside the Fremont Casino.  The food is decent, prices are fairly cheap, and the spam musubi, well, go try it yourself!
I don't remember coming here, but obviously I did because I checked in AND there were containers in my room the following morning full of loco moco and teriyaki beef. :) None of it had been eaten yet...lol so take this review with a grain of salt.

In our alcohol hang over stupor, we ate all of the food even though it was cold. We were starving! It's probably better when it is hot. It reminded me of something I would get at a small mom and pop shop around the corner. Not great, but not bad. The loco moco was kind of bland. The teriyaki beef was better. 

This place gets an extra star for being convenient since I was staying at the fremont. It's a panda express type of situation. I vaguely remember them heating up food  in the microwave for people in front of me, which would usually turn me off, but at the time, I didn't really care.
What made me get a high rating was the oxtail soup! Sooooooooooooo good. That is a must try. And also those huge ass hot dogs. Do the chili cheese way. One more thing is the steak and eggs for $6.99 is amazingly delicious.

The only bad thing is that the workers are kinda rude but food makes up for it.
Awesome snack-food and fast-food place!

We wound up here while waiting out the midnight special at Tuscany, after arriving at 7PM.  Blind luck, I saw the ad for 99 cent shrimp cocktail and decided to see if it was true.  Was it ever!  The shrimp are kinda small but you get plenty of 'em in a plastic cup.  Cocktail sauce on the bottom so eat as much or as little as you want.  What'cha want for 99 cents?  This fit the bill well.

But there's more!  The jumbo hot dog is truly huge, and my kid loved it.  $3.50 or so for a hot dog and soda.  My wife had a pretty-good French Dip.  There was more we didn't try, but it looked like you could come several times and not repeat a menu choice.  

This place is a good reason to come into the Fremont hotel and since they're treating you so well, why not stay and gamble a bit?
It's decent food downtown, but the service is lackluster half the time and the chow mein is either dry or super soggy.
Not the worst food that I've ever had, but quite far from the best. It was greasy and my broccoli was cold. Mushrooms had an odd texture. I wouldn't eat there again if I had a choice. The orange chicken and fried rice were good, but I wouldn't recommend the noodles. They offer sushi. It looked like it has been there for days. They do have food other than the Chinese food.
You can't go wrong with an edible $.99 shrimp cocktail in Vegas, right? You may not get too many shrimp and there's lots of sauce on the bottom to fill the cup but at least try this once if you're in the area. It's not amazing but come on it's a $.99 shrimp cocktail in Vegas, gotta try that at least once.
WORST SERVICE EVER!  The lady at the counter was super rude.  "Operations manager" was arguing with an old lady loudly at the table next to us and when I mentioned my problem to him, he just walked away without saying anything.  Maybe cause they're in a casino they don't really care about customer service because there's always another tourist that doesn't know better to stop by but I'm a local and will definitely never return.  Food was meh.
The service is okay but the food was over salted (MSG) some. Late night they get really busy and it feels like a fast food place. Not many options late at night so this will do.
$.99 shrimp cocktail tastes really great as a snack and my wallet is enjoying it too!  Actually I didnt know this was in which hotel.  Now I know this is in Fremont Hotel.
I had the 2 choice meal with chow mein.

The orange chicken was just alright and the beef broccoli was bland.  The noodles were also pretty tasteless. 

Tables were plentiful and clean.  Service was polite, friendly and quick.

Even buying the meal with player club points seemed like a waste.  There are better deals and food within walking distance.

Do yourself a favor an don't be lazy.. find a meal worth your time. :)
One of the best deals in Downtown!!  Yes, go for the oxtail soup or the saimin.  And who cares about the service!  It's a fast food joint!  And thank GOD, one of the few places in Vegas that still has late night specials, like breakfast items!!!!!

Their Chinese food is OK.  About the same as what you would find at Panda Express.  

And hands down, the best deal in town for a good footlong hot dog!!!  It's a shame you can't find this on the Strip!  I don't even know if Slots O Fun still has it.
This place is located inside Fremont Hotel in Downtown Vegas next to Dunkin Donuts.

I had the 2 choice meal with half Chow Mein/half Fried RIce, Orange Chicken, and Beef with Broccoli. The chow mein and fried rice was good, the orange chicken had too much batter, and the beef with broccoli was alright.

It definitely doesn't beat Panda Express, but it'll do for late night food! If you want something that's inexpensive and a pretty big meal, this is the place to go!
This little spot is big on flavor and yes most of it is fried! The batter used on the fish is awesome. It is spiced with herbs and is unique. If I am craving fish and chips and don't want to afford it at other places around town I know where to go! It is a very easy place to miss, its in a small strip mall on the East side of 7th past Rose Ln. going North. I must say most my time spent here was fixing a hangover with grease, its a great trick if you haven't tried it!
I guess Pete's Fish and Chips has a good reputation out here because multiple people recommended it to me. I'm guessing it's just because there are so many locations and it has been around for quite a while because I like Marilyn's much more. It's obviously a family owned place. I have had both the cod and catfish, and they were cooked to perfection each time. If you're in the area and are craving fish and chips I would definitely advise that you give this place a try.
Friendly service. Small town feel. Bad food.
This place has really good fried fish. I would have to say the batter is what really makes it delish. It's a light, but seasoned batter which really makes a difference. I am not sure how anyone is their right mind could compare their fried fish to the very frozen flavorless crap that pete's sell. A better comparison would be papa joe's. 

Fried fish done right at marilyns!
Today was a typical Monday - I left work feeling like I'd been smacked around a few times. My head hurt and the thought of four more days of torture made me want to cry a little. I went home and considered my dinner options: leftover pot roast, ramen, or some fat free ice cream....um....take out! I want take out. I searched around on yelp for a bit looking for my two requirements - cheap and close. I eventually realized I was cold, hungry and becoming comatose -time for sustenance. 

I remembered seeing this little place one weekend when my boyfriend and I went to Chen Wok. I drove the few blocks up 7th st and pulled into an almost empty parking lot. Despite the fact that the outside of the place looks a little bleak I soldiered on. The inside was clean and warm. The woman at the counter was very pleasant and acknowledged me even though she was on the phone. She ended her conversation abruptly and recommended the fish. I went for the 2 piece fish and chips. She rings me up and it's less than $7. Perfect. My food was ready in less than 5 minutes. 

Opening up the bag at home was like traveling back in time to my childhood. We rarely ate out but on occasion my dad would bring home fish and chips - not like the stuff you get at Pete's but the real deal. This smelled like that. And tasted like it too - light batter, not too crunchy, surrounding flaky white fish. The fries were good too - hot and a little greasy. And the tartar sauce...really good. My favorite part of fish and chips actually. The food was hot and filling - I couldn't even finish it all and saved some for the BF when he got off work. 

If you're in the neighborhood and you want something hot, not fast food, and you don't want to cook - I'd try this place. I will definitely be back to try the burgers or a gyro. If they're as good as the fish then this place could definitely become a staple - especially considering they serve Thrifty Ice Cream too!
First Friday of Lent, and I end up trying to get a quick lunch at a Fish N Chips spot near a Catholic School. Poor planning for getting a QUICK meal on my part, but a decent lunch was to be found at Marlyn's.

Yes, there is no "I" in team, and also no "i" in Marlyn. It's not that the "i" is silent, it's that there is no "i". It's hanging out with the spoon. That may or may not help you when you're trying to GPS locate some Fish N Chips in N. Central PHX.

There was a special posted on the door- 2 piece Tilapia w/ fries and a drink for under $6 so I went for that. One of the great things about most locally owned businesses is their flexibility- they don't have to follow some corporate guideline for uniformity, hence you can truly get things your way if you ask. I heard many regular customers asking for crispier than normal fish filets and the cooks were happy to make that happen. My filets and chips were perfectly fried and with some tartar sauce and ketchup they went down easy. 

Maybe not the most comfortable dining room around, and it's small, but this is pretty much a take out joint so don't expect to lounge around.
I kept peeking at this teeny place since it's just down the street from me, but never going in. I finally tried it out a couple of weeks ago, and I love the whiting and shrimp. I have even tried their burgers, but the fish and shrimp are better. Great price for yummy food without being heavy or greasy. They are also super fast about getting your order out to you, *and it's fresh.
Have had a fish and chip hankering, so went to yelp for help.  have plenty of places that i like, but many are more bars than restaurant and my son was with me. Decided we would try something new and head down the 51 for a crack at a Maryln's. The guy taking our order was very friendly and courteous. Went with two orders of the 3 piece fish order. The batter and seasoning on these are not the "classic" version, but my son and I did enjoy our meal.  Overall the fish and chips were good, but not sure it was worth driving 20 minutes for them. Glad we tried it, but the Dubliner or the Yardhouse are closer to me.
I am new to the area, my friend took me here. 
I enjoyed it, the owners were very nice and the food was good. I would go again and i would bring a friend.
Cute little place - I think one of the owners helped me.  Made my food so quickly - got the shrimp & chips with a side of potato salad. All was great and hit the spot - was craving some comfort food.
This is no longer a Long John Silvers.
Well, it's cheap fast food fish.  I've given it a few tries, and really just not worth it even for cheap and fast.  Half of the fish they give you has been sitting in oil and is soggy-oily on the bottom.  Fries are meh.  The hush puppies are really good if done just right, but that's only about 50% of the time.  I doubt I will be back.
I love their thick, crispy fish, chicken, fries and hush puppies! Their new fish ciabatta sandwich is now my all time favorite - I won't get a fish sammy from any other fast food restaurant now.
fast service!
They have a good Jr. Bacon Burger that is seasoned well and juicy, the Cheesy Potato Wedges were so delicious, and Oreo milkshake was so good and rich and creamy. The only problem is the service. They gave us something we didn't order, Chicken Nuggets. I gave them back to the lady at the counter. They didn't have the fastest service either. Sorry Crystal but my service was bad. If the food was bad and I got a stomachache, I would give it one star. Since the food was good I decided to give it 3.
They have a good Jr. Bacon Burger that is seasoned well and juicy, the Cheesy Potato Wedges were so delicious, and Oreo milkshake was so good and rich and creamy. The only problem is the service. They gave us something we didn't order, Chicken Nuggets. I gave them back to the lady at the counter. They didn't have the fastest service either. Sorry Crystal but my service was bad. If the food was bad and I got a stomachache, I would give it one star. Since the food was good
Service is slow
First time coming to this location and the drive thru didn't speak English very well I couldn't understand anything she said . Then she wants to rush me and throws my change at me. Rude service
The BEST biscuits of any fast food restaurant :D
That's not an easy feat, you know? They are just the perfect consistency, just a little flaky, not too sweet (it's not supposed to taste like a cupcake, lol) & it doesn't turn into a rock if you don't eat it right away. I likee! 

 I also like that there are 2 exits from this restaurant. The one on Grand is easy to come in through, but not easy to exit from, lol. So on the way out I go out the back exit, which seems to lead into a paved alley and then exits onto the other side road. Easy peezy lemon squeezy :)
Service wasn't very good and pretty slow but I expect that from most "fast" food. Jack in the Box has one BANGIN chicken sandwich though, that's for sure.
Had a coupon, as I usually do, and decided to get a Monster Taco. All I had to do was buy the drink and taco free!! Cool! I watched as a guy WITHOUT RUBBER GLOVES handled my taco and its ingredients!! He put it in the bag and, there I go!!! I asked the gal who was the cashier,"Do they not wear gloves when handling tacos?" She looked around at him then said, "We wash our hands!" OK, no more!! Too many other options.
Surprisingly, It was very fast service. Now that's what I am talking about real customer service. Had a Sweet tea, Vanilla Shake, Mcdouble, Hot & Spicy Chicken and a medium fries.
This place is pretty good and has a great toddler play area.
Awful service.  Did not get my full order going thru drive thru.  Realized it after I got home.  Drove back and went inside to complain.  The guy actually tied handing me the bag of food that he forgot to give me after it had been sitting there for 20 minutes.  Asked for a refund for compensation, but they refused!
Horrible service.    Tried to call number and all it does is ring then goes to fax line.    Terrible place to go
As much as I like the breakfast at McDonald's, I will no longer be going to them. WHY? One reason, their Wi-Fi. It is without a doubt the absolute worst on the planet. Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks are fantastic but McDonald's is very, very, very bad.
This Mcdonald's is no different than any of the other's when it comes to food at least.....and I have only had there ice cream....and mocha drinks. The one unique thing about this place though is it is always PACKED....I mean the drive-thru is ridiculous. I say unique because it is surrounded by all kinds of wonderful places to eat. There is Olive garden.....red lobster......outback steakhouse....In and Out burger....CoCo's.....5 and diner....Island burger......Laparilla Suiza......Barro's......Chick-Fi-La.......Picasso's........IHOP.....and they are even building a new Culver's and all of this in walking distance of this mcdonald's. Yet these people invade this establishment like it is the last Mcdonald's on earth....don't know whether that is good or bad...but for me I will pass. Eat, Drink. and be Merry my Friends!!!
Been here a few times, just a normal Mcdonalds, well, was. Pile of rubble as of 07/01/2014. Don't know if they're rebuilding.
Just another Jack in the Box...

It wasn't bad, but it wasn't very memorable. & I know fast food places CAN be memorable.

I love their smoothies. YUM!

The fries were good. Regular & curly were both crispy & tasty.

They got my order right. No mayo, add pickles & onions. It's amazing how many places mess this up.

I love the sourdough bread sandwiches but the bread seemed especially greasy this time. Ick all over my hands.

Jack, you do rock for being open 24 hours though.
Pros: My best friend was here for a visit from VA, where they don't have this fast food restaurant. She has actual cravings for their tacos. She loved them. I haven't eaten here in over 5 years. Ordered the sourdough jack and split it with my sister. Decent. Fast service. 

Cons: Greasy fast food. I prefer McDonald's fries.
Pretty legit Tacos and fast. Went here with my brother and the drive through was quick, although the tacos were greasy but its fast food!
It's been quite a while since I have been in a Jack in the Box where it took as long as to get my order as this location the other night.  I have a sneaking suspicion that people in the restaurant are going to be taken care of after the drive thru is handled.  People that work there are nice enough.

They could spend a little money sprucing this place up.  It's looking a little worse for wear even for a Jack in the Box.
I was so desperate for food and has never eaten at one of these before. I've heard the legendary stories and yes they are legends from a day when food was made with pride.

The pros:

1.  Price. It's cheap and you get cheap.

The cons:

1.  Just pretty horrid food in general. I think I crapped out a biscuit the next day due to the shock to my system. My cholesterol might never recover properly. This is what I get for choosing this spot to cheat from my otherwise paleo-like diet. I will write no more.
Hamburgers that taste like spam....spam burgers ewwwww I don't know if they changed the meat or what but I will never get a burger from here again after that eeeesh
The food is very very fake. When most of the fried products get to room temperature, they melt into a goo rather than just getting soggy. . . Need I say more? Everything has additives, and yes, eating there often will make you fat. It's impossible to avoid with food of that quality. The service is going to depend on who the manager is at the time. If there's someone running the store poorly, people are going to be waiting on food. When people wait on food, they tend to complain... but my problem is its mcdonalds... you get what you pay for.

I know they add something to the fries to make them addicting, that's why I still frequent this chain store.
Ok there are to many complaints about the employee's. Do you think most of them want to be working at a minimum wage job? Don't expect them to be too happy all the time... and for the most part they are nice and helpfull. I would like to complain about the customers more so... some of them get to angry for food, like seriously it's just food dont get yourself to worked up. And for the record I would like too say that McDonalds coffee lids are the best invention ever, every other coffee lid, like at Tim Hortons, NEVER stays open!!! I love the LID!!! It's EPIC!
Standard services for a McDonalds.  Service drive thru was fast an food was hot.
Pretty much a normal McDonald's with the exception of the odd Jurassic park pkayland..the kids enjoyed playing there but I am sure I will suffer t Rex nightmares in the coming days..lol
The manager was RUDE.  We stopped in on a Sunday morning and had to wait a little while for anyone to come to the register to wait on the customers that were ahead of us.  Another employee started to take my daughters order and the manager made him stop, not sure why, but she did.  She took our order and when it was kind of thrown on the counter for us to pick up, she made it known she was not happy that I asked for a couple of packets of mayo.

Not sure I'll be back, they don't seem to care about the customers.
What can be said about a Mcdonald's? They have recently required all of their franchises to make their prices consistent, so there's no hidden gems selling $1 chicken nuggets or 4 cookies for $1 anymore. The food is usually the same wherever you go.

The ambience, however, can make a regular visit into a special one. Such is the case with this location. The kids and I stopped in for a quick breakfast visit while my wife was at a meeting nearby. We were immediately drawn to the walls of the restaurant, which were covered with dinosaur posters, figures and facts. The kids were ecstatic! They started looking at all of the dinosaurs and asking their names and pronunciations. We ordered our food and headed toward the play area. What a surprise to see huge dinosaur models flanking a very large play structure! The entire restaurant was painted in a jungle motif, as well, so it gave the impression that you were in a Paleozoic forest. Very cool! We plan to come back soon so the kids can get a chance to crawl around more in the play area.

Sadly, they have a design board on the front counter showing the elevations of their remodel. They plan to turn it into a bland, faux-upscale Mcdonald's. According to the renderings, the play area, dinosaurs and any hint of a unique experience will be gone. Lame!

If you want to give your kids something other than a generic fast food experience, head here quick, before the dinosaurs are extinct!
What a dump.  This place needs to be condemned.  I don't even know where the laundry list of disappointment begins with this place.  Lets walk a customer through a trip to this place.

The parking lot.  I would like to find out who designed the layout of the parking lot and castrate them and their family.  The parking spots are smaller than my dick.  Door dings or someone smashing into your bumper are a almost a guarantee.  Only thing smaller than the parking spots are the tables inside this place.  Good luck negotiating the drive through.

Walking into the place:  Once you get past the homeless people begging for change, you go inside to almost always find more of their clan sitting at a table, asking for more money.  Even when you are eating.  I've had some of them sit at my table and start asking for my food or money.  This has happened more than once.  

Always smells like bile outside here.  No one working there seems to give a shit.

The carpet.  You know those run down casinos just outside of Las Vegas, with 50 years of dirt, smoke, piss, and drinks spilled on them?   This place looks like it bought their carpet from them and let 10 years of wear continue afterwards previously mentioned conditions.  Then added all sorts of fries, condiments, and other various shit all over the place.  I stepped in gum there last month in the dining room carpet.  Told an employee and they said "O.K."  Wiped it off my shoe on a chair.  Was still there last week when I came back.  Have never been here without at least seeing ketchup or mustard on the walls or chairs somewhere.  Gross.

The crew: I love trying to eat my 3000 calorie meal listening to the crew YELLING at each other in Spanish.  Has happened every time I have been here.

The bathroom: Jesus, hold it, piss in the parking lot, or go before you get here.  I am sure there is some sort of paranormal activity in the john there coming out of the plumbing.  A month ago there was a syringe inside the toilet.  Lovely.  Could probably just piss on the carpet of the dining room while eating, I don't think anyone will notice.  Or care for that matter.

Food seems to be the typical garbage at all Jack in the Box restaurants, so no ding on them for that.  However, I always feel like I need a shower after I eat here.

A plus:  Seems a lot of the day crew entertainers that work at the strip joint next door eat lunch at this dive before their shift.  At least they have that going for them.
I only go for the oreo chocolate cookie shake and half the time I go there, their "machine is down".  I called when I got home to ask the question I didn't when I drove off aggravated, "why the hell is your machine down all the time?"  However, no one answered the call.  Nice.  Lost my business.
We usually use the drive-thru but when we are on foot we go inside. It is the cleanest Jack in the area! But it is fast food so keep you expectation low and you will normally be happy.
I don't care what anyone one says.  McDonald's is Great.  There is nothing better than their cheese burgers and fries. Not to mention an Egg Mc Muffen for breakfast.
Went for coffee at this McDonalds today.  Three of their rising stars were in the drive through line, eividently the microphone at the menu had the day off.  With three of their brightest doing the work of a sign and a microphone, the line was backed up and getting worse by minute.  The courtesy of the staff was beyond lacking and the dolts who lined up for McDONALDS was scary.  I went inside to get my coffee having given up on the "helpful trio in the drive through" only to be met by the team who weren't good enough to qualify for the parking lot gig.  I would recommend dumpster diving over going to this restaurant.  Unless you are in a coma or have nothing else better to do, I would avoid this place.  WOW.
While my daughter was enjoying the awesome play area, I was afforded the opportunity to reminisce about how treacherous this location's drive-thru can be.

If your order is easy, naturally, all is well. But if you order a large or specialty order that requires you to pull into the "we need more time to fix your stuff" spaces,  look out.

These spaces are located just past the second window at the end of the drive-thru, just as the lane turns left and narrows. So, if  you drive a big vehicle, you'll end up blocking the whole lane, causing a massive traffic jam. 

So, a word to the wise...if you are ordering a lot, bite the bullet and go inside. It'll most likely end up saving you time and unnecessary frustration.
Great service.
The husband asked for McD's tonight so I humored him and agreed to go. I figured DT wouldn't be a problem since they are normally pretty fast. The car infront of me at the speaker was placed on hold for every bit of 5 minutes. They ordered a single cone. Now it's my turn, I place my order with the unfriendly crew voice that clearly came across the speaker. Of course after I placed my order and pulled forward I realize I didn't order everything. I figured that I'll just pull around and go in and order the forgotten items. The young man at the cashering window apologized to the car in front of me for the wait. I pull up, he takes my money, returns with the change (without a receipt) and tells me to pull forward. No apology for the wait when I waited forever as well. My double digit order was obviously less important than the $1.08 cone in front of me. Now I feel slighted, upset and undervalued. I pull up to the window, the young gal verifies two items of my order and begins the hand out process. I check the bag for the receipt, it's  not there. I ask the gal for a receipt, she asks "he didn't give you one?" If he did why would I ask for another? Hello? Really now!?!  I pull around, park and head inside to see a single line with 7 people and a lone cashier that was not happy. I begin to wait (I'm not so patient at this point) and wait. Two people in front of me walked out due to the wait. There were no smiles, no personality from the counter cashier or the manager who finally decided to open the second register and take an order or two. Each guest was asked for their name that was then written on the receipt in an attempt to personalize the service. A friendly smile would have gone so much further. Finally it's my turn, by now there are two people behind me. I place my simple order of 6 doubles plain, and begin to wait again. the time stamp on the recipt was 7:05. Every guest that was ahead of me was called for pick up. I'm thinking my wait would finally be over. Oh heck no! It wasn't that kind of visit. The two guests behind me received their orders before me!! I continue to wait, really upset by now. I was finally called, the time is now 7:15pm. 10 minutes! This on top of the 10 minutes in the DT trail. Once again no apology for the wait. The store was obviously understaffed, the interior had numerous dirty tables and many trays stacked on the garbage receptacles. The staff was completely underwhelming and in my opinion rude for not offering an apology for the extended waits at both the DT and the counter. I will not be returning to this location as it is not fast and they certainly didn't value my patronage. I certainly don't need the aggravation and honestly I work too hard to spend my money where I'm not appreciated!
I ordered a meal and asked to get a napkin to wipe soda off of the side... apparently Nallelly didn't like that. When I asked for honey and bbq. She gave me bbq and I asked again for honey. She rolled her eyes grabbed honey. Whispered to her coworker and they both laughed. She then hands me a sliced open honey.  Refused to give me her name but I read her badge.  I called manager and he blamed it on box cutting knife.  " I'll ask her about it but I'm sure she didn't do it. " I told him I saw her. He said "I'm sorry but all I can do is ask her what happened it was just the box cutting knife." No offer to call me after he  talked to her and follow through with me. Nothing. Bad service. Bad management.  NEVER AGAIN.
Becareful of this drive through location, they could care less if the order is accurate.  My order this morning was short by two, yes two b-burritos.  Sadly this is normal and why I cointinue to visist this location and use it's drive through is beyound me.  I have written to the coproate office, as the reviews for this store are horrible.  Maybe it's time to shut this place down and put in a burger king???
awful.  food is never right.  girl at drive thru (black)is very
rude and nasty, so is gina.  will not come back to this mcdonalds.
wifi is never running, people are spending money and th owners
here do not care about making wifi work.  no one speaks english
and the food is not cooked all the way, and the drinks never right.
On my way to the airport I wanted something fast that wasn't McDonald's, Wendy's, Taco Bell, Del Taco, Carl's Jr or Jack In The Box.

OH LOOK! KFC across the street. I always said I wanted to try it. Mostly because I haven't had KFC in a long, long time. I think the KFC I ate in India didn't count, because it was in another country...anyway, I digress.

Whatever you do, don't go. Please, don't go. I took a verrrry big hit for the Mesa/PHX yelpers in going here. I'm surprised I didn't get food poisoning. The place is disgustingly filthy. The tables were sticky and from a distance they all looked clean until you sat down. I wanted to cry. I really did. It's such a huge contrast to the other fast food restaurant I went to.

Booths were unstable as was the clientele. I felt really overdressed in my grubby jeans and grubby shirt.

The cashier and the servers were friendly and nice...I think they realized I was the only customer that wasn't high on something. I was truly disturbed by some of their patrons - they were walking adverts for "DON'T DO DRUGS".

I think this KFC/A&W really killed any and all future KFC cravings. I said that this place wasn't good for kids - mostly because I'm worried they'll catch next year's strain of the flu - yup, if you want to get your immune system up, come here. 

Ok, going to go shower now that I remember what this place was like. *shudders*
I was greeted by a friendly cashier as I entered and my order was taken immediately.  The price was outrageous but I paid it cuz me and the kids were hungry. The order was ready quickly and we were served with a pleasant attitude. The Restaurant was clean And everything was well stocked.
Love coming here for my late night after party cheeseburger run! They're open 24 hours and the service is usually fast and friendly!
Don't tell anyone but I have a weakness for McDonalds Chicken McNuggets. Today I ordered myself a ten piece and a large order of french fries. After I paid, the guy at the second drive thru window said I needed to park and wait for the fries. I said no thank you and left.
This location seems pretty good. Fast service and they haven't messed up my order yet.
Honestly I end up wondering why I still come here when I can go to a competitor that has a lager drink for cheaper then here looks nicer and kept up better even I can't use the Competitor's Wifi cause the wifi sucks here and they lie about why it is so slow here.  As well as not getting parents to control there kids when the place has no play area for them.
Well I see that they have tried better to keep this place clean they can use improvements none the less.  And I find it stupid that they removed the blinds from the south side of the building.
Horrible! Stopped in on 4-12-12, went through drive-thru after 11:50pm...ordered the #2. I thought I was gonna get fresh fries and burger...I ended up getting nasty fries, looked like it was made hours earlier and has been sitting out...GROSS!  The burger was sloppy made and had a fish taste. Don't stop there after 11-11:30pm. This is the last time I will ever eat at Wendys on 35th ave and Bethany hm rd. I tossed out the food and it was too late going back to ask for a whole new order. Should've just went over to Whataburger since they make it fresh instead of stale fries and burgers.
A good burger. You can taste the oldfashioned-ness.
I was there the other night, 20 minutes til close...they were out of mayo, ketchup, lettuce, tomato, iced tea and baked potatoes...what's left to order?  Just close early...
Horrible Horrible service. It was like we were bothering them. I don't understand. I work customer service everyday and I know how to treat customers,  not here. I will never go eat here again, and would never recommend this Wendy's to anyone. The management needs to seriously look at how people are being treated here. Then when the food finally came the order was all wrong,  I didn't even bother to let them know.
How can you go to a KFC and no matter what time of day they never have any chicken made?
I do not like this KFC ...or any really for that matter. Every time I have been here the place is filthy. I know they remolded the place and I have not been since then, so I am not sure if the conditions are the same.

The food is just not good in any way anymore. Not that it was ever great, but you could get some decent chicken and some sides and be content. What the hell have they done to the mac & cheese? It is so gross..the color is just not appealing and the taste is worse. Food at this place has been served under temperature enough times to keep me from returning.
Mikie, that's me silly silly me. 

After Showing a home I was told to pick up some chicken on the way home. So the only chicken place on my was KFC. 

I do not like this store but it was supposedly cleaned up since my last disastrous visit. So I figured it must be better, right.... 

So I walk in and there is one guy taking orders. A nice queen of a guy who had all the sweeties, dears and honeys down pat. He did his job well and as I watched seem to do everyone else too. 

I ordered a bucket of twelve pieces with sides. And as it has always been with this store, no chicken ready to go. It will be ten minutes I am told for the breasts to be ready. So I say OK. 27 minutes later I am getting my order. In that wait time they made four orders that no one was waiting for. The other folks that came in after I; had left before me. Each of those orders involved breasts. Finally Mr. queen noticed I was still standing and waiting he gets my order, well tells the girl to pack it up. 

I get home and find one breast in the order. Silly silly me....
Way overpriced, since when did a tiny piece of chicken become $5. I can buy a 3 pound bag at walmart for that. Anyway, I went around 10pm and ordered a famous bowl and it was less than half full! Bull crap, this KFC reallly lacks.
Check your order.  If they can get it wrong, they will.
Chicken was good , cost to much in my
What would I ever do without Wienerschnitzel?

It's my holy place. My temple. My place of tribute. 

And I'm not making a clever metaphor for the rise in obesity and fast food consumption.

You see, to keep in line with my religion (Discordianism), I have to eat a hot dog (or two...or three) every Friday in reverence to the goddess Eris. I'm not making this shit up. Look it up in our scripture. 

I experimented for a while in finding a suitable regular source of weenie. At first I tried doing the "hot dog cart outside of the store/bar/strip club" thing, but after a while I realized that behind every smiling hot dog salesman is a tragic story of heartbreak and shattered dreams, and I began to fear that eventually hot dogs would begin to taste like cheating spouses and children who dropped out of med school with only weeks left to graduation.

I tried gas stations. Mobil On The Run and Quiktrip especially, because they have some of the best chili cheese dogs in all of creation. I was content for some time, thrilled to be able to fill up my gas tank while participating in a sacred ritual. Finally, religion was serving me, instead of the other way around. Life was good.

Then one day I walk into a MotR and inquire the clerk as to the freshness of the dogs.

(THIS IS A DRAMATIZATION)

"Good sir, how long have these franks been on yonder grill?"
"I don't know, since last night I think."
"I say, that's ludicrous! Have you any idea how unsanitary that is?"
"We leave them out until their sold. They do the same at movie theaters. And why do you talk like that? Are you gay or something?"
"If by 'gay' you mean happy, sir, then no, I most certainly am not. I am not 'gay' about these health violations."

Long I lingered unhappily in the desert of unhappiness where unhappy vultures feast on unhappy roadkill.

Why would my god(dess) demand I ingest something so foul?

That's just a rhetorical question, btw. In The Principia Discordia it outlines exactly why we should eat hot dogs. Eating a hot dog on a Friday violates the dietary conditions of every major religion. That's how we roll.

At the suggestion of a friend I stumbled across Wienerschnitzel, which to this day I have yet to spell correctly on the first try.

Not only do they have the best chili cheese dogs I've had in a long time, but also the best chili cheese fries, chili cheese burgers, chili cheese french fry burritos...and they also have the hypocrisy, insincerity and apathy I look for in a religious institution.

Like a Sunday School teacher who tells their kids that killing is bad unless it's America's enemies, WS has no regard for their own doctrine. Every time I visit the drive through it's the same noise. "No, you can't substitute your french fries for a chili cheese french fry burrito. No, you can't sub out your soda for a tastee freeze." Yet every time I get to the counter, there's that same shady cashier looking both ways before giving me my bag and warning me that it's "just this once" and not to expect them to do me any favors next time. 

That's the kind of "do as I say, not as I do" attitude I expect, no, require, from a religious establishment. I demand the same amount of two-faced clergy that is available to everyone else.

Every time I hear them say "Thank you, have a nice day" it wraps an invisible fuzzy, warm blanket over me. It reminds me of my youth. Of cranky, obligated "bless yous" that come after every sound-barrier-breaking sneeze, of every dazed and listless "may the lord be with you" in every Catholic service. Sentimentality is very important to me in a religious institution. I may attend this temple of consumerist worship the rest of my life. I need to be able to remember it when I'm away, eating normal people food and doing those things that reasonable, rationally-minded people do with their free time when not eating hot dogs in heathen rituals and talking to dolphins.

And apathy. Yeah. They're pretty apathetic whenever I show up. But so am I, I guess. Big deal. Who cares?

Oh, also, they charge extra for all-beef hot dogs. Which means that the lower option is made up of mystery meat. I keep hoping I bite into one and accidentally eat a demon or something.

The best part of WS is that like a small church on the side of a country road (that's where churches are, right? I haven't been to one since I attended a wedding in Waco, TX), WS has its own regulars, usually specific to each branch. Probably because with all that chili and cheese we eat, we can't be bothered to travel too far to you know, try other things out. We all laugh and smile and laugh at each other, consumed by a sense of camaraderie/mutually assured destruction. 

Wienerschnitzel really does bring me closer to my god(dess).

What would I do without it?

I dunno. Eat spaghettios with hot dogs cut up in them. At the rate I'm going, I'll be lucky if I can make it to the can opener without having a heart attack.
When I travel to the southwest (AZ, NV, CA)...I make it a point to go to a Schnitzel because the closest one to where I live is in Texas I believe....you can get 2 chili dogs and fries to go (if you already have a cold drink) for less than $5...service was efficient and nice on a late Sunday morning.,..good sustenance for before going to a football game at which one dog (without fries and a drink) is $4.
I remember Der Wienerschnitzel from literally decades ago. I enjoyed the hot dogs back then. Maybe because I was much younger. 

What a sad excuse for a hot dog I had today. 

I paid $2.59 for the so-called Chicago-style hot dog. It was loaded with relish (should be pickles) and minced onions (Should be fresh onions). There were two UFO peppers off to the side.  I bit into one of them and couldn't even break the skin, instead it squirted all over the table. Two wafer thin tomato slices (should be wedges) and a minuscule wiener.  I mean, I had to look to make sure the dog was even there. The relish overpowered everything else. 

Terrible.

Topping it off, they only serve Pepsi products.
I am really picky when it comes to hot dogs, but I did enjoy the ones they have here. Granted, I have only been able to try it once so far. But my experience was a fairly pleasant one even though I'm not crazy about their fries. I'm sure I'll be back sometime.
Chili dogs......yummy for my tummy!
My daughter and I really enjoyed our lunch today at Wienerschnitzel. The pink ice cream cones were cute. The staff was friendly and fun. The store was clean and inviting.  I would recommend this place for hot dogs, ice cream and good fast food service.
I always have wonderful and speedy service ! Elias was very polite and made sure my order was correct. Nothing makes a pregnant lady happier than good food , great service, respectful and polite employees  !  I live closer to the tbird location and I always manager to come to this location because I know I will always get wonderful service
Everything on the menu tastes average. Their corn dogs are amazing.. but the chili leaves a lot to be desired. It's consistency is goopy and very gelatinous.. and it's not the most appetizing. The restaurant is clean and they have daily dessert specials that are fun especially for kids.
I like this place for their quick corn dogs. The one pet peeve is when they don't give me ketchup. It might just me but I believe it should just be standard for every bag to get 1 or 2 ketchup packets. Is that weird? 
Aside from my lack of ketchup I love their cotton candy dipped cones an jalepenos poppers with ranch perfection! 
Ps whoever served at the drive thru was a cutie! That is all
This is the Wal-ly World of fast food places. Everything processed and genetically engineered. There is a reason it tastes exactly the same no matter which one you go to. Scary.
I have to give them an extra star, per my own rule, because they do serve Coke Zero. The only reason I was even here was they had free food but even for free the price is too high. I am one who doesn't turn down free food but from Micky Ds I just might.
The restaurant, for lack of a better term, itself is nice. Clean and efficient. Nice staff. But overall it is still a McDonald's. Satan won't even eat here. Nor are there any McDonald's in hell because the Devil thinks it is cruel and unusual punishment.
On the plus side there are Unicorns in the ball pit and they serve alcohol upstairs but you have to ask nice and know the secret password.
I will try my best to never go to a McDonald's again but once in a while they have cheap or free Big Macs which might lure me back for a second or two. It is sad that at the mire mention of the word Big Mac I can almost taste one. Ugh.
I am sure some people like McDonald's and think it is a good value with fast and friendly service. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. In my opinion though with so many other great choices, some a thousand times better, why still go here. Oh well. Evil exists so we know what good is.
If you want to go to a fast food restaurant to be ignored, then this is the place.  The employees go out of there way to ignore anyone who might be in line.  Only when there is a line of 5 people do they slither to the counter.  Horrible business.
If you like Mc Donald's food, then this is a very good location. The location is very convenient and has entrances from 2 streets. The parking lot is kind of a pain to navigate but the lot is very clean. The employees at this location are very courteous and seem to be in a better mood than in most Mc Donald's locations. The drive thru here is extremely fast, even though it only has 1 lane going in. Overall, I definitely recommend this location over any of the others in the area.

Still McDonald's food, though...
The staff definitely has a problem understanding English.  I had a coupon for "free jalapeno thickburger with the purchase of ANY thickburger".  I tried to order the basic thickburger and get the free jalapeno one, but the young latina girl could not comprehend and tried to charge me for a jalapeno thickburger.  She finally called a female latina supervisor over who had little more grasp of English and said she could give me a senior discount which would make it less than the price of the BOGO jalapeno thickburger they charged me for.  I gave up and settled for that.  It wasn't worth the hassle.  I will say I like their sausage and egg biscuits in the morning, and I've never had a problem getting that order correct.
The absolute WORST cheeseburger I've ever been served in my life! See the photo. Zero stars.  Seems like every other hamburger place puts an 800 number or a link to their website so you can comment on the food/service. Not this place. Now I know what they are afraid of hearing/seeing.
Drive thru window staff was very friendly and professional.
This place is like a zoo just run by animals literally I stayed waiting in line for 10 minutes and there was a couple a head of me waiting there for an extra 5 minutes and I said you know what I'm out of here I'm going to Carls Jr.
Can't screw up the food as I got a basic hamburger. The service though sucks big time here.. If you go thru drive thru expect a 10 minute wait minimum. If it's busy it will be longer
Dirty, service sucks, and music horrible.
I get so frustrated when you get home and most of the order is incorrect or items are missing.
What more do I need to say about that?
The interior is surprisingly dirty/messy, especially considering the location.  The last time I dined at this location I said out loud that I can't believe the condition of this place and had I known I would make the choice to go elsewhere.
Horrible Service. Ricky the "manager" is rude and unhelpful. It took 18 minutes to get our food, and when we complained our  check was refunded but then Ricky took the food out of my hands and told me " you can't have no free food" horrible and shameful. Dave would roll over in his grave if he knew what was going on.
Have been extremely interested in trying out the new pretzel burger ever since my buddy told me about Wendys experimenting with the prezel bun.

While hanging out with my buddy that told me about it, we decided to give it a try. We finally arrived and there was no info on that burger. We asked the cashier and she said that it launched today but they dont have anything about it in store, but if you go thru the drive thru its on the menu. We went ahead and ordered it. We got the meals, upsized to large.

Total bill was about $22 for the combo's large sized. Extremely over priced especially being at a fast food resturant. Was hoping it was going to be delicious, but it was just okay. I would definitley never get it again unless they changed it up. The bun wasnt soft and chewy as it should be. It should have been way more delicious.

Wendy's, you gotta step it up.......
It has been years since I have been to Wendy's.  I saw the commercial for the bacon portabella on brioche.  I know better than to expect anything from a commercial.  I was right.

Odd night only a few minutes to get something and Wendy's was next door.  I wanted to believe the commercial.   Great bread cheese mushrooms on a thick burger.  Nope.

It was a darker bun that tasted like any cheap bun, maybe three sliced mushrooms, barely any cheese on a flat bun.  

2 Stars because it is fast.

Nice staff this night via drive thru.  It is fast food next weekend might be a different crew.  One of my many reasons for not visiting fast food is the poor wages.
We got there at the right time.  We were able to get a breakfast sandwich with french fries.  Our timing will probably never be that great again, but we will try, lol.  Gotta love McDonald's fries!
I love this McDonalds mainly because of the drive thru staff, they are simply the best.  We stop here on the way to the Saguaro Ranch Dog Park for soft drinks all the time and the staff almost knows our order before we make it.
Dirty restaurant!

When I walked in I was struck by how dirty the restaurant was. The floors looked like they never get mopped plus litter on them. Behind the counter the stainless needed cleaning, especially where the sundae toppings were. Most tables had trash on them.

I complained to the manager, a young dark haired girl who said she would get to it. Yeah, right...

Most of the customers 1 saw that day were using the drive thru so they would be unaware of the dirty restaurant.

I will not be back. There are plenty of other McDonalds that at least appear clean.
Clouded judgment on the way home from a night out led me here.  I had a giftcard. so I figured why not?  

A couple hours later I had a conversation with "Ralph" on the big porcelain telephone  that gave a couple answers to "why not".

Ugh.  Maybe I deserved to be punished.
The worst Jack in the Box I have EVER BEEN TO!!! They constantly get your order wrong, the food is literally dropping with grease so badly that the bag is completely soaked!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!!!!
Honestly, one star is still to good of a rating for this location! If you love burnt food, atrocious customer serivce, and long wait times then this location is perfect for you. 
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
My favorite chick-fil-a. Probably because it's the one that's the closest.  Very normal and what you would expect from Chick-fil-a and everyone leaves happy.  These guys are pretty dang friendly too at this location...almost creepy .. hahah
Everyone loves Chick-fil-A's chicken sandwiches (and they are pretty damn good) but the service here is friendly and the place is just damn spotless clean.  The men's can even has some kind of dried flower arrangement, is this a fast food joint or a sushi bar?

Don't rely on the stupid google map for directions, this place is actually south of 202 at E. Ray Road.  I never trust that idiotic GPS stuff anyway.
This weekend I went to one of my favorite fast food joints, Chick-fil-A. When I walked in, I was surprised, I was actually greeted to "Welcome to Chick-fil-A! How may I serve you?" Let's be honest, how many times does one actually get greeted at a fast food restaurant? Chick-fil-A is best known for their original sandwich, which is made up of a breaded chicken breast with pickles and a spray of butter on the buns. I, myself, love the Number Four Meal. 
The Number Four Meal is also known as the Spicy Chicken Sandwich Deluxe. The juicy chicken is a piece of boneless breast seasoned with a spicy blend of peppers. Included is a bun, topped off with Green Leaf lettuce and a slice of Pepper Jack cheese with pickles.  Also included in the meal are their scrumptious Waffle Potato fries with a hint of salt. Of course, you can't just eat your sandwich plain without having anything to dip it in. I personally love to have my spicy sandwich with Buffalo and Buttermilk Ranch sauce. Buffalo makes the sandwich spicier and Ranch just cools it off for the wimps in us. Normally people love their waffle fries with ketchup, but I love having my waffle fries with Chick-fil-A sauce. When dipping my waffle fries into Chick-fil-A sauce and putting it in my mouth, my taste buds just want to scream out loud and thank me for the delicious taste of my fries with Chick-fil-A sauce. Last but not least, you've got to have something to cool everything down. It could be either a soft drink or a milkshake. 
Overall, my visit to Chick-fil-A was worth it. They have friendly customer service and most of all my meal was just enjoyable. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves great customer service and most importantly appetizing food.
Chick-Fil-A will always get 5 stars. Although I understand the reasoning behind being closed on Sundays, I am still disappointed at only having 6 days a week to enjoy the deliciousness that is Chick-Fil-A.
This is toddler heaven.   For about $20, I can feed a family of four with chicken that can be identified as actual chicken and not particle-chicken.  The staff at this location is young, courteous, and friendly.   It's highly family oriented at this location, you can pretty much bank on traffic in the play area every evening.    The facilities are kept reasonably clean; there's going to be a bit of a greasy feel sometimes no matter how much you do when there's 18 deep fryers going all day.

It seems like the fries are always a wee bit underdone, so we just get fruit which is better for us anyhow.  The chicken is always blistering hot, with the meat juicy and delicious.  Trading in the Veggie Tales cds in the kids' meal for a tiny ice cream cone is a no brainer every time.  

The only drawback to this Chick Fil A are the parents who don't monitor their children's activity in the play area.   I tend to end up being mother hen, demanding 11 year olds stop climbing on the outside of the equipment so that they don't fall and squash a 2 year old below.   

Overall, this place has saved me from making dinner once every couple weeks quite admirably.
Eat more Chicken?!

My favorite saying lately!!

Absolutely love this location on Power Road. Clean, convenient, and has to be the friendliest location I  have been to in awhile.

Love the Chicken Strips!!

Fries are OK - Usually they are not cooked all the way to my liking - this is ALL locations!

There Cheesecake is so fresh and moist my mouth is watering now!
I was raised in the south and have been eating Chick-Fil-A since before I could talk. My favorite fast food place without a doubt!!!!

Food quality is good, employees always seem to love their job and if you eat inside you get table side service! What's not to love?

I have never had anything that wasn't good a CFA and they have some of the best milkshakes EVER!!! I highly recommend their summer special Banana Pudding filled with little bites of Nilla Wafers!

Super friendly location that is kept clean and food is always fresh and the play area will keep my almost 2 year old and 8 1/2 year old content!! 

For fast food, it is truly "As good as it gets!" for fast food. There you go Chick-Fil-A, you can have my 5 stars!
This is without a doubt the best quick service restaurant I have ever seen (21 years in recruiting). Every employee is polite and helpful and demonstrates outstanding customer service. It is sparkling clean and very kid friendly. Each Tuesday is Family Night and there is a balloon artist and crafts for kids...and great healthy food
If you can believe it, I have never before been to a Chick-filet-A . Till this one visit.
I have to say,I really liked it a lot.
Fresh real pieces of Chicken. lettuce and tomato. The only thing I would change is the bun. It is a bit of a junky bun. Maybe if they toasted it ,it would be a little better.
If they changed the bun altogether it would be perfect!

Fries were really good! Waffle fries, hot ,fresh, and lots of potato on them.
For a drink I got lemonade,which was made with real lemons and just a small amount of sugar, so it was not over whelminly sweet.

Really good, so happy I finally got to try it!
Now I understand the cow ads as well!!
We came here today after a very long walk. Chick Fil A is the place man. 
This is the king or should I say the Queen of fast food.
I know they have all the political stuff going on, but let us just deal with the food at this moment.
The chicken here is divine~ I mean really good!
I love the fries , cut fresh from a potato and just fried. They are fat and just perfect waffle fries. They use real green lettuce, find that any where else.
 I even got a lemonade, which is made from real lemons, sugar and pure water.
Of course they do have sauces and dips with good old High fructose corn syrup in it. But, you almost have to leave the country to find a place without it.
The food is great! The staff is well mannered and friendly, and the price is good.
I say that is all I need. Right O!
Plus, the staff all gets Sunday off, I give the owner major props for that . It is a really good thing.
Great fast food!!! Yummy chicken!!!!  Always superb service!
Great Breakfast too!!!!
The chicken fillet has gone on a diet.  Sad they have reduced the size of the chicken fillet on their sandwich.  Probably yet another result of ObamaCare, but the new lightweight sandwich doesn't even fill you up.
You can't go wrong with the spicy chicken sandwich.  They literally kill you will kindness here.  I think if you came in with a horrible attitude and talked to one of the staff it would be difficult to be mean to any of them.  They go above and beyond to give you the best most kind device available.
Good fresh chicken. Recommend the chicken sandwich. Cookies are also surprisingly good and soft. They sometimes get crowded so try and get here before dinner rush. Only negative of this place is they are closed on Sundays. Other than that, they are for sure a go to a place for a good chicken sandwich. Also sign up for their text program for good deals!
I heard about this place through my mechanic, actually. He just had to do a quick repair, didn't even need to leave my driveway to do it, so he asked if I would mind taking five dollars down to a place I'd never heard of, just down the street... a Japanese fast food place called 'Ichi Bowl'.

Assuming he would likely cut me a break on some of my soon-to-be-incurred repair expenses, I legged it down there, fully expecting some run-down Korean-owned not remotely Japanese knock-off. My impressions changed the minute I stepped up to the front door. For one thing, they had classical Japanese arrangements playing through the P.A. system which actually played outside on the patio area. They also had a sort of raised area and an authentic-looking noodle / sushi bar area. It actually reminded me of several of the noodle bars I had stopped in while in Osaka a couple of years back. Make no mistake, Ichi Bowl is a fast food place... but as a nice, relaxing environment to take in an afternoon meal, it's actually a nice sit-down restaurant as well.

My mechanic wanted a regular 'Ichi Bowl' and seeing as the things are barely over $4, I decided to try one, too. I popped the lid on the little styrofoam bowl thingiemabob and to my amazement... was what looked like freshly diced chicken in some pretty good teriyaki sauce. The best part of it all was that the thing wasn't swimming in saccharine teriyaki syrup, it was a nice, light drizzling with veggies on a bed of white rice.  Good stuff! I couldn't even finish the thing, either! It's very filling with just the bowl!

I plan to try some of the other dishes they offer, but I must say that I am very impressed with their signature dish. How is a place this great still a secret?
I was craving some Asian food for lunch the other day so I searched Yelp to find a place to grab some food. Ichi Bowl had lots of great reviews and wasn't too far from my office so I decided to to give it a whirl. I am not a big fan of terriyaki, so I usually don't frequent places like this, but when I saw that they had Bulgogi on the menu, I just had to check it out! 

I became obsessed with Bulgogi a couple of summer's ago at place in Coronado, CA, and have been on a mission to find something comparable here. I know that there are a few Korean BBQ places around town, but I am never near them around a meal time. 

Ichi Bowl is in a random center on 19th Ave. & Camelback, but is very clean inside. And the prices are really cheap! I got the Bulgogi Combo which came with my choice of side (I chose pot stickers) and a beverage for around $7! 

I got my food to go, but they do have a lot of seating for dining in. Upon first bite, I was so happy, the Bulgogi was so good, and so tender! You never know when dealing with these fast-casual places about quality, but the meat was top-notch with a delicious flavor. The pot stickers were average, but they were not supposed to be the main event anyway. 

They menu is quite large compared to say a Samurai Sam's, so I will definitely be back to try out some of the other yummy looking dishes!
Who would know this little place ever existed?!  It is so eloquently hidden in the corner of strip mall that has gone to shit.

Being the person that I am, I decided to try this place out (why does it seem like I am always reviewing Asian Cuisine?  This is beyond me).

What a pleasant surprise!  To start, my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE thing about this place is the guy behind the counter, who I am guessing is the owner.  I think he just may be the reason I continue to come back.  Usually, we place orders over the phone for take-out, and I love to hear his familiar and peculiar voice on the other end, repeating my order back to me.  It's as if he smiles ALL the time!  I do not think I have ever seen this guy in a bad mood, not once!

On to the food, pricing, blah blah blah.  JK.  For the price range, this food is excellent.  I am a personal fan of the gyoza, passion iced tea, and your basic (and not so professional in terms of the "sushi" world) Alaskan roll and California roll.  They are very affordable and generally taste amazing.

For the balla on a budget: go with the Bento dish.  It has EVERYTHING you could ever ask for in a meal: teriyaki chicken over steamed veggies and rice, edamame, california rolls, eggroll, spicy beef over salad (which by the way has an amazing sauce).  I can't quite remember if anything else comes with it.  It is only $6.25!!!  I could not even finish the whole meal for lunch on my own.

Other items of interest: if you get your meal to go, be sure to ask for the red spiced pepper seasoning salt.  I think I sprinkle this on everything I get from there.  If you eat inside, they have them at the tables.  Which, speaking of the inside, it is a little odd.  They have random poles near the cash register...ODD.

I definitely recommend this place to anyone.  I have not tried much of the other food, but from what my friends and co-workers say, it has been delicious every time (especially the Kalbi steak).
Whoa...a little rice bowl establishment that harkens me back to the original Tokyo Express circa 1985!!
I got the chicken teriyaki (dark meat ), tofu salad and tekka Mali (raw tuna ) rolls. The rice in the teriyaki bowl was sticky ( the way it should be! ) the chicken was moist, the teriyaki sauce was PERFECT!! The tofu salad rocked...light and lemony, and the tekka maki was perfection!
I informed the happy, smiling man behind the counter that I'd be coming back often.
Seriously, if you're ever near this place, stop in. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Pretty good, wish they served kimchi!
Been coming here since it was Tokyo Express. Not much has changed either. The meals are awesome. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. My fav is teriyaki chicken lite, spicy with brown rice.  Side of steamed veggies and an unsweetened tea to wash it down. Good stuff!
Used to love this place and would drive from Goodyear to eat here. Today I discovered they no longer serve the one thing that made me drive all the way across town to eat here. They no longer have the Katsu Bowl which was awesome and what my whole family would order when we went.

The food isn't bad but now there is nothing on the menu to make the drive worth while as their are better Teriyaki places out there. I'll miss my Katsu Bowl.
If it weren't for the crackheads wandering around outside I would consider this place my new go to. The orange chicken puts Panda to shame. My boyfriend liked the spicy beef bowl. Service was quick, prompt and courteous. I just wish it was in a slightly better area - I live in the central corridor but this spot seemed super sketch to me. 

i will definitely be back...but I'll probably bring mace!
This is the worst food I have had in Phoenix. I went here on a whim with a friend, seeking japanese food. I am not even sure what they served me. Terrible. Do not go here.
I would thank all the reviews because they help me decide weather or not to go to there . And i gotta say it was worth it! I was looking for a sushi type place close to my home because i also go to Mr. sushi on n. black canyon hwy but it's pretty far so i look up google to find a place around close to me ichi bowl pop out , and looked at the reviews at yelp and decide to try it out. I got the bento plate i was amazed of how much stuff they give you! i though i wasn't going to finish all because all the food. And i gotta say any body thinking of trying a place out try this out!
Delightfully good. California rolls can be a little bit bigger, but made fresh right there, their egg rolls were the deal breaker.. so yummy. Definately will be back when I am in the area.
The aroma of a dining place can be a great advertisement, or a way to scare people away.  

This place falls in the the latter as there was a strong smell of sewage here.

Smell aside I decided to sit outside and risk my stomach to bring you this review.

We had a veggie yakisoba $6, which was a bit dry but the veggies were not overcooked. The flavor was alight but not great. We also had a veggie bowl, overly steam unoriginal veggies over white rice and an sweet sauce $4.   I was unimpressed in may ways.

The ambiance is a bit depressing. There is a ATM covered by a trash bag, that bad smell, and a menu that looks like they printed at kinks and taped it over the failed franchise that once occupied this location.
Love this place. Really close to my house so I'll walk over every so often. I've had the orange chicken (bit spicy for my taste but I'm weak to heat haha), the bento is great. Great price for what you get. Just today I had the chicken katsu and its great! Will definitely keep going.
We accidentally found this place while traveling through Phoenix and we had some good food.
Must be nice to have a place where your hours of operation are just a suggestion. Got home from work at about 8 pm, check to see what their hours are. Online says they close at 9, so I get my shoes on and head over. I get there at about 815 and as I'm walking up to the door the man (owner I think) locks the door and just smiles at me. Worst service I've gotten in a long time.
I stopped in once for a quick bite of cheap sushi. 

This is a converted fast food place of some kind in a strip shopping center. Counter service, lots of seating, and unfortunately a horrid stench. I've smelled this same distinctive odor in a Blimpy's in another city, so it makes me wonder if it's some kind of cleaning chemical that isn't being rinsed off or something. The odor gets worse when you go into the raised dining area.

The 2 stars instead of 3 is for the horrid stench.

Anyway... There were only 2 customers. The guy at the counter was nice. I ordered 2 rolls and a drink "for here" for about $10 total... cheap.

The rolls tasted ok. Better than grocery store pre-pack, but cost a little less. They were maybe the quality you'd get on a cheap asian buffet... and they were cheap.

The problem is the rolls are cut and then the pieces are layed flat in a circle smooshed together in a small plastic food-service clear containier. The result is they don't come out in whole pieces. The fall apart when you try to remove them, so you eat crumbled sushi... but they were cheap.

Would I go there again? Maybe, for takeout, and to try some other things, since the price is low. I might buy the sushi instead of picking up a pre-pack of california roll at the store if I was driving by. Maybe... if I was feeling cheap.
Ichi Bowl is a Japanese/Korean fast food Resturant that offers some delicious options to choose from. 

Some of the main dishes include Teriyaki Chicken and Salmon, Orange Chicken, Spicy Beef, Vegetables and Noodles. They even proudly serve Bento (combination).

There are low carb options, salads, and Sushi. Some side dish options and Pepsi products to wash everything down.

Be sure to come during happy hour from 11:00am until 1:00pm to get a $2.75 Chicken Teriyaki Bowl. That is a daily special any business crowd would enjoy to dine at during lunch. Plus the service is super fast. 

When I checked in I was offered a free medium drink with purchase. Unfortunately the man at the registered told me they no longer offer that special. He went ahead and granted it this time. Just wanted to warn you fellow YELPERS that it may not be honored.
I love korean food but I love cheap, delicious korean food even more. They have variuos rice bowls on the menu and some platter options I haven't tried yet. 

The bolgogi bowl is very tasty and with the yelp check in offers we also got 2 free refreshing iced green teas. 

The place is clean and has a back/side area with more seating. I still have to go and check out their other bowls and happy hour, so there will definitely be an update.
Love going here for the Bento. Lots of food for a good price.  Good selection of food on the menu and the owners are great. Would recommend for a quick bite.
How quickly things change! It is a sad day. The man that has run Itchi Bowl for a long time is gone. He has sold out.  We won't be back. The simple teriyaki chicken and rice bowl is gone. They have replaced it with ball of sticky rice and a separate spoon full of chicken. It is hard to believe the food quality could drop so fast but it has. Less quantity, did not taste as good. We even were shorted on our take out order. Hopefully they will figure it out quickly.
Food was super tasty, especially cus they don't use MSG. I would come here every week for lunch if I could. This is a place I would have to stop in when I'm on this side of town. I love how all the employees are super nice & friendly. Prices were decent and not over priced like other places are. This place is a must try or else ur just missing out.
New owner. Menu is still pretty similar but slightly different. A bit larger actually. Many more sushi options which is good but a few are kinda bad. The cowboy roll was a good idea but the sushi got so wet from the meat juice that it fell apart and I couldn't really pick it up. Would totally go again.
Update to my 5 star review. This place was sold to new owners.  The prices have almost doubled, the meat is very fatty and no longer has good flavor.  To top it off the staff make it awkward asking why I don't go there very often.  I won't be back.
I have never in my life had such a delicious meal!  Fantastic new menu, great prices and now open on Sunday!  Absolutely wonderful!
I was craving sushi/ udon for lunch and yelped this place. Amazing menu that covers just abt all you can think of in sushi/teriyaki place and the food was delicious!!! 
I got a roll with fresh salmon on top and spicy tuna inside with udon. Fish was fresh & Loved the sauce :) 
Also tried the unsweetened ice tea- most iced tea Ive tried are either too bitter or not enough flavor but their iced tea hit the spot for me. 

The staff was friendly- it's run by a couple. 

Place itself clean and very spacious. Location is somewhat hard to find- a corner restaurant in a small mall but once you check it out, you won't regret it.
I have been hooked on Chick Fil A ever since I had my first taste of a chicken nugget sample at a long forgotten mall food court.  So, when I moved to AZ I was concerned that I would not be able to get my fix - what if there were no locations nearby?  Lucky me, this location in the Scottsdale 101 center can take care of my chicken sandwich and waffle fry cravings.  Well, except for Sundays, when all CFA locations are closed.

This location is nice and clean, and service is efficient both in the restaurant and at the drive through - my orders have always been correct which is nice.  They aren't stingy with the condiments, either.  Want to try more than one type of sauce?  No problem!  Not like some other fast food places I won't name where customers are asked exactly how many catchup packets are needed.  Seriously? 

I usually stick with the basic Chick Fil A Chicken Sandwich and waffle fries.  If I am feeling a little wild & crazy I will ask for lettuce & provolone cheese as well (tasty!).  If I want to pretend I am being healthy, I will get the Chargrilled Chicken Sandwich, which is not breaded and is served on a wheat bun with lettuce & tomato.  Either option is tender and juicy.  I have tried a couple of the breakfast items as well - the chicken minis (little chicken nuggets served in a slightly sweet mini bun) and the chicken biscuit sandwich are both good, as are the hash browns (quarter-sized tater tots - yum!)
Dear Chick Fil A 
Thank you for providing a bountiful lunch today. 
I heart dipping my waffle fries in your honey. 
Your 3 piece chicken strip meal can **almost** do no wrong. While I appreciate your use of real chicken, I do not really appreciate the greasy chicken glaze you leave on my fingers when I feast upon you. 
I appreciate you for having diet Dr. Pepper and bunny turd ice! 
Also, though I did not get the cole slaw today, it must be acknowledged! I am picky about my slaw, and yours is damn tasty! 
So thank you chick fil a! You are minutes away from my work and saved me from starving at my desk today!
I had only been going to Chick Fil A over the past few years for a chicken sandwich, lunch or dinner. I'm hooked on the chicken minis on the breakfast menu. Just the right balance between the bread and the chicken. Drenching it in honey makes it more awesome.

This place is what customer service is all about. I always try to thank every employee when they provide prompt, courteous service. Love the "Cathy-ism" when they respond "my pleasure."
My girlfriend always wants this place and I never do.  It's not that the food is bad because it really is tasty.  I just get sick of always having it...  Seems to come up as that quick place to grab a  bite.

Even though I whine about this place, I do enjoy it.  This weekend at the Phoenix Film Festival we ate here on Sunday and the food was once again yum.

I guess I do the forbidden with my waffle fries, but I like to dip them in mayonnaise.  What else do you put on them? Catchup?? ewwww..  ruins the taste.  I get crap for it, but why do you think they put the mayo out there?  Oh what? it's for the chicken sandwich? Ahhh.. Oh well. 

The nuggets are awesome and if you can, top it off with some good ole sweet tea. 

The odd and really cool thing about Chick Fil A is that the people are ridiculously nice here. "Hi, welcome to Chick Fil A, how may I server you?"  Who says that?  

One time I saw one of their female employees actually carry two bags of food out to this one guys car.. with him.   As nice as it was, Ive never seen so many people look at him in disgust.  I get allowing people to be nice, but don't be a punk and take advantage of them.    

It's like going to the grocery store after buying a pack of gum and when they ask to help, you say "sure."  Just not cool.  Anyways..  they are great here.
I heart Chick-Fil-A. I almost said the waffle fries are the best part, but that would be a lie. The cookies and cream shake is. Actually, the chicken sandwich, waffle fries, and cookies and cream shake are all the best part.
I'm a relatively new fan to Chick-Fil-A. Those breakfast chicken minis and chicken nuggets are SO damn good that I've had to adopt Chick-Fil-A into my workweek lunch routine. 

This particular location is relatively new and deluxe for a fast food joint. The people who work there are very courteous, which at first was a little offputting because I felt like I was getting too much service for a fast food place. Something that I really like about Chick-Fil-A is that they have a fun condiment bar. It's not just ketchup, straws and napkins. They keep a couple types of mayo and mustard packets up there, as well as Purell handwipes (way cool), and even plastic placemats for children--which brings me to my one gripe. 

The place is teeming with children. Screaming children. And lots of them. When I was there last week, I couldn't wait to leave the place because it was so loud and the children were so annoying. Luckily there is an area off to the side where you can sit away from the play place, but that's assuming that nobody with kids sits over there. Word to the wise, if you don't like being around babies and kids, go through the drive thru.
Only deducting a star because they are closed on Sundays. You may disagree with me on this. My Dad certainly does. He thinks it shows character to not compromise your own beliefs to make money. I think it shows common sense to allow me to exchange my money for your chicken any time I damn well please. So we agree to disagree.

Chick Fil A is definitely up there with Chipotle and In & Out as a top tier "Fast Food" place. Their chicken is juicy and tender and delicious and they come with tons of pickles, which I love. My similarities to Snookie end there. They also give you a bunch of different sauce options, so when you get a really good sandwich, you feel like you can kind of take some of the credit because you chose the sauce. I am all about heaping undeserved praise on myself, so this really helps with that. Okay, my similarities to Snookie end THERE.

Their fountain drink machine has both Coke Zero AND Diet Dr Pepper as zero calorie options, which is fantastic. I wish all places would start offering more diet options in their fountain machine. I mean, seriously, who drinks real soda? Besides, maybe, during a hangover? I just cannot fathom consuming 240 empty calories just so my Coke has real corn syrup in it. Actually, all places just need to just get those touch screen coke machines, including this Chick Fil A, if they haven't (which I'm not sure because I've only used the drive through).

Finally, the employees are all SUPER nice. At first I thought it was a fluke, and I just happened to get a ridiculously pleasant drive through attendant, but they've all been like that so it must be part of their training or something. Or maybe my Dad is right, and they're just in a good mood because they have Sundays off.
Love coming here for breakfast- chicken on a biscuit is awesome.  And their diet lemonade always leaves me happy.

If you plan on coming for lunch and want to zip thru the drive-thru.... expect a wait or go inside!  This place is popular around noon!
Service INSIDE can be slow sometimes, since they seem to worship the drive-thru customers and get all of their orders first, or at least with significant priority.  Staff is polite.  It's a real PITA to have to get refills from them though, instead of having the soda dispensers out for self-serve.  Are they really saving much money by doing this?  When there are lines of people to order, it's a bit much to butt in line to ask for a refill... or maybe that's the point.
A fantastic Chick Fil A! I used to pop in to this location when I drove out to the Mayo Clinic for some treatments. 

Typically when I had to go up there, it wasn't for something pleasant, so a treat at CFA always made me feel better.

The staff is just as friendly as you would expect. Friendly, accommodating, and if you want some extra sauce, they are happy to oblige.

Food is consistent, just like any other location. I have still yet to have a horrible experience.

As far as fast food goes, CFA is one of the best. As far as locations go, this one is right where you want it to be. Very good.
Closed on Sunday?  Looks like you've not only lost my Sunday dollars, but my business on Monday through Saturday too.
The only Chick Fil A in NY is hidden in an NYU dorm, and let's face it, I don't have time to sneak into dorms, so I only get Chick-Fil-A when I travel.  How do they make the sandwiches so good?  Why are their waffle fries so delicious?  Why can't I have their oreo shakes all the time?  I love love this place.
Best chik-fil-a around. Super friendly staff, clean facility, great food!
Spicy chicken and a pickle on a greasy bun.  Makes my hill-billy heart sing.  Wish we had more in Chicago
Who doesn't love their nuggets!  I love Chick Fil A nuggets.  I usually go get a quick order during lunch. It's faster to go inside than the drive through.  The staff is always friendly and says "Hi" or "Welcome".  The dining area is always clean and always full during lunchtime.
How does a "food" place of any kind get 5 stars from Traveling Tom?

Serve him good tasting food with flavor. Do so quickly in a clean restaurant by extremely friendly people who go out of their way to make you feel important. Offer him a restroom where he can leave feeling cleaner and better then when he entered it and have plenty of close by free parking. Accept his credit card with a smile and ensure that the table he is going to sit at is clean. 

This place did it all and therefore - they get 5 stars. Maybe I hit a good day - maybe this is normal, but I most likely will return here before my vacation is over with. 

Nice job and a special shout out to Michael who offered to refill my drink and haul our trash away for us!
Love this place. Wish it was open 7 days a week but it's not. Chicken sandwich is the bomb and their fries are way better than McDonald's! Fast service through drive through. They could give out more sauces when asked for them through the drive through, only got 1 of each sauce which was disapointing but nothing big since my meal was small. Portions are very filling.
They serve breakfast items which is a plus for me. Drive thru is always quick. I love their lemonade and the sell it in take home jugs! They are closed on Sunday's though which is a bummer.
best chicken sandwich's ever!not to big on the breakfast menu. but no worries you can still get a regular chicken sandwich in the morning if you wait for it:)
Excellent food & service- Chicken is so fresh & the workers there really show that they love their job. 

I was there last night & the night manager "Kenny" a younger guy brought out our food & was checking on us to see if we needed anything- He had a spark in his eye & said he would own a chik-fil-a himself one day....now thats what i like to see in my employees!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE the food, I'm sad to give a bad review.

But, the last 4 times, they screwed up our order in the drive through.

I'm sad...I love the food, but they just can't seem to get it right. :(
AMAZING!!! I wish we had Chik Fil A in Canada!!!
I'm addicted to the chicken biscuit, but the reason I keep going back is the coolest staff on earth. I'm on a first name basis with the entire window crew, mostly because, if I'm going to miss the 10:30 breakfast cut-off, I call on my way, and Jessica, Michelle, Danielle, Nick or Damon will say "is this you Chris?" and set a couple aside for me.  They're amazing and courteous and I love this place because of them.
Compared to other Chick-fil-A's, this one is definitely above average.  Super nice folks and yummy food.  Yipee!
I only come here for their waffle fries, love it, yum yum yum.
This location rocks.  My wife and I go in a couple times a month for lunch during week.  Even when the place is packed they still give awesome service and food.  While enjoying lunch a gentleman who worked there asked to refill our drinks and take away garbage.  Doesn't matter how busy it may look its always worth the wait.
Manager seems to work the front register and she does an amazing job!  I'm sick and tired of having my rather simple order screwed up, or have to endure a cashier who cannot enter just one modification to a meal item.

This place is clean too, always, and especially breakfast hours.  This location has pancakes too, which is nice.  There's also the play area for kids.  Parking is decent.  What's not to like?
Great service & food with the best part being the place was nearly spotless!
Average McDonald's chain.
Customer service is getting WORSE. So many staff, yet they can't stop texting to wait on more than one person at a time . SAD.
This is my first time back to this location after multiple bad experiences.  I have spoken with a member of the upper management team and I feel that he really doesn't care that I'm complaining about his service.  I have been told by this individual that since he doesn't see it, he doesn't believe it actually happens, or that the employee in question is having an off day.  She seems to have a lot of them.  He also doesn't believe in the reviews that are being posted on sites such as Yelp, foursquare or other social media sites.  It's view as a way for complainers to complain, yet I see a lot of positive reviews.

The fact that they close down an access point on Saturday nights due the car show and then again on Sunday evenings for their deliveries, makes getting into the parking lot a bit of a hassle, but that is what it is.

So I don't go hear as often as I once did, but that is my choice.
I've been to this location several times and have never had an especially bad experience.  The service is kinda slow, especially in the dining room because the drive through is always busy and they get priority.  There's just not a lot of room to wait around while they are making your order and they are on to taking the next one.  The playground is nice and seems clean but I have no idea how often they clean it.  Overall it's a pretty average McDonald's.
Just stopped in for a pancakewich for me & my little lady, smoothie for my baby & mocha frappe for me. Quality of food, considering its McDonalds, was good in comparison to other McDonalds. Drive-Thru personnel was friendly. It was a good start to our morning
It also has a Green Burrito. I love to order inside instead of the drive thru so that I can take some salsa and pico de gallo with me to put on my burger and fries.
The food is normal fast food. I got the big Carl combo for myself and substituted the fries for a side salad (only 30 cents extra) for my friend.

So back let's back up. When we walked in, there was a woman, her daughter, and her granddaughter. The little girl was bouncing around and screaming because she didn't get the toy she wanted in her kids meal. The cashier refused to exchange the unopened toy and the kid kept screaming. My friend and I exchanged a look that said "do we really want to eat in a restaurant with a screaming kid?", but then they started to leave.

So, friend and I walked up to the counter. But the cashier (can't remember her name, but she was short, of Mexican decent, and had curly black hair) turned and walked away. So we stand there for about 5 minutes (not even exaggerating) and she suddenly pops around the corner and asks "oh, did you need something?". So, I calmly say "yah, we would like to order some food...". She then takes my order. So we get our drinks and sit down. She calls my order number (usually Carl's Jr brings the food out to your table) and when I got up to the counter, the food wasn't even ready yet. I stand up there for another 5 minutes while she assembles my order. I ask for 2 forks and 2 packs of ranch dressing and she nods. So I take my tray back to my table, and realize there's only 1 fork and 1 pack of ranch. Back up to the counter I go. I get up to the counter, and guess how many eager employees there are to handle my request?! None. So I wait. I do the whole cough-and-maybe-someone-come-around-the-corner trick. No one. But wait! Someone does come around the corner! It looks like a manager, so I stand there and smile and wait for him to acknowledge me. He walks right by me, and goes out to the lobby to clean tables. At this point I am ready to walk back there and grab my own fork, since no one in the restaurant has heard of customer service. The girl comes back around the corner and asks "what do you need?" and I say a fork and another ranch packet. She throws them both on the counter and goes back around the counter. At this point, my friend has walked up to the counter to see why it's taking so long. I grab the items and go back to my seat.

Overall, it was a bad experience, and I will note going back to this Carl's Jr again.
The Jim Beam burger is VERY good.
I love the cheap drinks. Cheaper than QT even...

And the spicy chicken isn't bad either.

BUT the person who takes the drive thru orders should really learn English. 

The Drive Thru Story:

I'd like a Large Sweet Tea please.

A what? What size?

A LARGE SWEET TEA.

An unsweetened tea? What size?

LARGE AND SWEET.

Okay Thank You. 

I pull up to the window...

Here is your raspberry sweet tea.

No. No raspberry. Just a sweet tea.

Oh. Oh okay sorry.

Brings out another drink.
I drive away.
Take a sip....

Unsweetened.
Wow, talk about unfriendly. Gina working the drive thru needs an attitude adjustment. Sorry I made you work? If you hate working you can quit. Learn how to smile too. Just rubs me the wrong way when I smile and am nice and I'm greeted with someone with a crap attitude. She seemed so put off that I spent money there. Man, maybe I shouldn't have.
I've always liked Carl's Jr. Probably because my mum likes this place. (Shot out to ya Mum!!!) Recently, I picked up this coupon thing for $6 giving me a couple freebies as well as a bunch of buy 1/get 1's. So I'll be visiting Carls a bit, until my vouchers run out or my taste buds are fed up with me. I've been to this location several times in my life. Always clean & never had an issue with service. On a tangent, I do miss how Carl's USE TO BE BIGGER/HARDIER LIKE Hardy's (I know they are the same but why not act like it-RIGHT.......) Gotta say tho this time I got a good laugh from the counter guy. I swear he was high! He didn't mess up my order at all but he was a bit magoo. I'm 1 out of 2 tables in the dining area, they had their food already, and he didn't remember I was the only person in there that had ordered recently so he was looking around to make sure he was bringing the food to the right guy. hilarious!!
Worst location ever. The guy taking our order sounded like he was on meth or something. It took him almost FIVE minutes just to take our order at the drive through window. We repeated things back several times but when we finally drove up to the window we got one drink without the meal, one meal without the drink and no quesadilla for our daughter. We wasted 10 minutes at a drive thru with no cars ahead of us and still didn't get our order. If you have to have Carl Jr's - don't have it here - waste of time and money.
Food was just as it was supposed to be and had my order and my food within 5 min.  Not sure what was going on with all the unhappy reviews.  Maybe they came during a lunch rush?  I'm here at 11:15 am and couldn't be happier.  The service was great too.  Nice smile and courteous.
Absolutely the worst experience ever. Not only was my burger made wrong, I mean it was extremely difficult - mayo, mustard, pickles, lettuce tomato and cheese. what did I get? Ketchup, 3 lousy pickles, a smidge of mustard and lettuce and tomato. The burger was also cold. And I don't mean warm, it was cold. Disgusting. I will never be back to this Carl's Jr. Maybe not to any of them.
Fast food what a joke, friendly service NOT !!!!!! I will never go back to this one even though it is super close. I have been there several times . You need new employees. Food took way toooooooo long.
My favorite fast-food place.  Great food combined with best-in-class service.  The people are always friendly!  I love their chicken.  It beats KFC, Church's, and anyone else you can name.  

I especially appreciate three very unique things about them - 1. They are closed on Sundays.  I admire that!  2. The have a family night on Monday.  Kids get a 4 piece nugget meal with every adult combo meal.  3.  Their kid's meal comes with an EDUCATIONAL game or toy!  Their meal also preaches character instead of the latest Disney or Dreamworks movie - sorry Shrek!

A class A place with great food, great service, and competitve prices.  (Sorry, no dollar menu though.)
Another great chick-fil-a location. Good friendly service and normal to be expected food for this chain.  I love how friendly they always are and my kids love the playground area.
beware of iced tea!!!!!!!

I was driving to my sisters to help her paint her new house. She had several other girlfriends there so i decided to stop and get us some tea. I got a gallon of their unsweetened tea.

When I got to my sisters, she went to open it but stopped bc of white-worm like floaties.

sure enough, there were mucusy- octopus shaped like floaties EVERYWHERE. it was FUNGUS!!!!!!


FUNGUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I watched the manager fill up my gallon of tea so I know he didn't alter it. that's what they were serving everyone.

oh. my. god. BARF! 

That means they dont clean their tea tanks and they havent in sometime in order to get these few inch long fungus floaties.

I called the next day and the manager on duty really couldn't get me of f the phone fast enough and just wanted to shut me up. She was like "no, we do clean them. whats your address? I will send you a gift card." "uhhh, i don't want anything. I just want you to be aware of your nasty tea so no one gets sick." "ya, ya ill take care of it. whats your address." 

so do i know if she heard i word i said? nope.

will i ever order tea again? nope.

will i ever be able to eat there without thinking about what other things haven't been cleaned and have octopus shaped fungus growing? nope.

i think i will avoid all chick fil a locations.

vom. vom. VOM!!!!!!

ps- i found a pic online of what it looked like, there were some smaller and bigger in there but thats the idea of what you should keep your eyes out for.
Sounds like since your Gold Star in June things have gone south....

just sayin..........

Even though you are proud of your Gold Star from a couple months ago, it does not eliminate the fact that I had several large fungus clumps in my tea shortly after this so-called inspection.
My experience with Chick-Fil-A food has been pretty benign.  And I think that fits their character on the fast food landscape.  Decent, harmless, slightly better than your average burger chain.

I am aware they are owned by a Christian owner and that is why they are closed on Sundays and I respect the decision to take that stand despite any business they may lose on Sunday.

But this morning I stopped into this location - thought I might try their breakfast offerings.  As I stood in line I realized I was hearing some pretty offensive "Jesus Rock" over the store audio.  I don't recall the song but I caught lyrics about "savior of the sinners" and "almighty glory" and "we must repent"...there was plenty more.

As I said, I respect your decision to close on Sunday's, it's your business.  And this new treat of proselytizing to music - that's your decision as well.  And just as I can't stand people peddling their religion at my doorstep, I won't stick around for the Chick-Fil-A version of a revival - you've gone too far - I turned around and left and will likely never return to a Chick-Fil-A.  

What's next, a sign on the entrance "God Fearing Christians Only" or "We Reserve The Right To Deny Service To Those Who Do Not Share Our Born Again Belief System"
The food at Greg's location is always fresh and delicious. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Will definetly eat there again.
Best fast food chicken restaurant. I am always impressed by the friendly and courteous staff, clean dining area, and delicious food. This location definitely caters to families, and even has extra diapers in the restroom in case of an emergency and/or forgotten diaper bag. I loved the food, and definitely will be back for more!
What a great place for families!  The entire staff is so nice and extremely helpful.  The food is also hot and fresh.  I don't think we have ever had a bad meal there.  They also do a great job with their family nights on Monday.

The only negative is that the cow does not show up often.
I love Chick-fil-A. Their food is good, but their customer service and staff are incredible. With their help we pulled off an amazing fundraiser for my daughter's teacher who is fighting cancer. We had a busy night and they kept everything running perfectly. Thank you Robert, Stephanie, and the rest of your staff!
Never disappointing!!! And always fresh and very friendly staff! Best fast food chain... No soggy chicken here. Clean and family oriented. Don't forget to check in... U get a free milkshake with purchase ;)
Love the milkshakes and right now their checkin deal is a free milkshake.
I worked in a fast food restaurant for 2 years and I understand how hard it is to work with frustrating customers. This is the only fast food place I go to where everyone is happy and wants to help. It is usually busy at meal times because its so good. I work across the street from this place and In-and-Out and I love both but normally choose them because they are so happy and the food is amazing!
Best Chicken around dont look at this like a KFC as it is more nuggets and sandwiches than legs and wings!

Adults and kids both love Chick Fil A  they have great a sandwich and nuggets. 
Chicken soup is even good with fresh white meat which I have everytime we come!

Shakes are great too!
This was my first time in a Chick-Fil-A and I was curious. I came here to wait while my husband was in an interview. I had heard things about them in the news. 

Just one dollar sign is in the price range. No way, not even close. For $7, you get a puny salad and a drink. A value meal is ~ $8. Christian or not, it's such a rip-off. 

And the girl that served me had a creepy attitude. When I said "thank you" to her twice, for ringing me up and bringing me the food, she responded with a weird, melodramatic "Pleasure..."

All the 5 stars below must be employees.
Chick-Fil-A has good food.  Typical fast food fare, but they set themselves apart with their customer service.  This location is great and you can't beat the free Yelp check-in shake.
"My pleasure." I love Chick-fil-A. Good food and always friendly service. No other place beats their chicken sandwiches.
CFA is the cadillac of fast-food. They have great food and their service is off the charts in my opinion. They are so nice that it almost makes you feel guilty for having them help you. I guess this is what happens when you get used to other fast food places throwing sub-par food at you with a frown.

But really, get here. I love it. It is my pleasure to submit this review.
My favorite thing about this location is the big, enclosed children's play area.  There's a big Purell hand wipes dispenser just outside the door, so if you're a little bit skittish about kids play areas, you can always wipe your kids down before and after playing.

As with other locations, this one has good food and friendly service.  The sodas are not self-serve, but there is always someone walking around making sure your food is okay and checking to see if you'd like refills.
I love the chicken breakfast sandwhich with egg on it. So great and surprising since I thought of this as a lunch place initially. I love the little hasbrowns too. The splenda lemondae is great for those who like healthy lemonade. great service by happy people here.
The food is tasty but it's over priced for what you get. Also I'm not really supporting their business much anymore since they have an issue with equality. I notice we don't really have cravings to eat here because we're just reminded of their views and with that disappointment we tend to choose somewhere else to go. Which is sad, since my mom had been taking me to chick-fil-a's since the late 80's! Also, last time we went they were playing Christian music as if they needed to prove something. You should really respect ALL potential customers that could walk through your doors. So much disappointment.
They staff is always so polite & the salads are always fresh. They raise the bar for fast food restaurants.
I always have such an awesome experience at this chick fil a. The whole staff is always sweet and nice some know my name (yes I love me my chick fil a!!) Christina and Randee to name a few are an amazing asset to this ever growing company!
Of course the food is good but the service is amazing here. They wait on you and they are just so nice!!! They have great employees at this location!!
One I go to when I need my egg McMuffin fix. This location is a little dated. They have been very consistent on my orders. Staff is friendly.
Bad store. Absolutely awful drive through. I live not too far from this location and have come to it for food over the years. Each time, over quite some time, I've been horribly disappointed by the drive-up service - today was no exception.  The food is McD's, what more need be said except that this time the burger tasted old and the fries were stale. Its one thing to wait 15 minutes when there are only two cars ahead of you and another to get crappy food once you finally get to the window. 

I've been here enough times to say with confidence: Avoid this place.
This is one of my go-to McDonald's locations.  I'm a regular to this particular McDonald's; enough for me to be recognized by most of the staff and several of the managers.  It's got a clean interior, good prices, and, for the most part, a friendly staff.  
I'm not a big fan of most of the food that the McDonald's franchise sells but I go to McDonald's often for their coffee and blended beverages.
There are times when someone will get your order wrong or ring you up incorrectly, but they are very quick to resolve any issues.
Closed ! Probably to health inspectors .. disgusting inside , out dated , and wear junkies and bums hang out.. been many robberies here..
I'd give this place 3 stars but the drive through line was about 12 cars deep, so we went inside.  It took 10 minutes to get our food after ordering.  Coulda been a bad night or a bad time (9:30pm) but this isn't the first time the lines have been really long here.  

Food is normal, wait is not.
Right now to give this place two stars right now I will check back later, it extremely busy and they're filled with teenagers because McDonald's here is between two schools so lots of noxious loud teenagers in the afternoon on some mornings the weekend has a little bit better but the accuracy if you order is really bad I'll try it again later possibly but never too much problem in the drive-through seems to be very fast and a lot more accurate than on the inside.
This McDonald is renovated again. It is always packed,  drive thru is slow, difficult parking arrangement and currently impossible to drive and park. I cant even count how many times my order has been messed up here. A complete disappointment.
I LOVE this McDonalds! Awesome service, friendly smiles & great tasting food. I alter every order I make here (b/c I'm picky) and it's ALWAYS correct, I never have to send it back or go in from the drive thru b/c it's wrong. 

I have been coming to this location for probably 2 years and I've seen staff promoted and it's so awesome. I can't say enough good things about this mcdonalds. Keep up the great work you guys!!! :)
What can I say... they are open all night... and they are close to my work.

They do have a few "healthy" options... or a few options that might kill you. If I am going here late at night... I am usually hankering for something that might kill me in my sleep so that is what I get.

Love the fries as well, forget the curly ones as the regular are better.
I struggle with J in the B.   It seems to all run together and in taste.  Saying all that .......I did enjoy a recent breakfast sandwich.
Very friendly employees!! This was also the cleanest jack in the box I have ever been to! I plan on coming back!
really like the sandwiches here!
It seems crazy to give a fast food restaurant a five yeah I know... But when everything always comes out fresh and just how you ordered it what else do they deserve?!? This can only be guaranteed when Thomas is working "the night shift" lol he's the best manager ever!! He actually gives a .... : )
Great service and the food is prepared for every order instead of sitting out like most fast food places. The manager is friendly and the place is clean.
As a rule I despise ALL junk food restaurants.  But when I'm hungry - and nobody's looking - I will stop at a Jack In The Box for their DFTs.  That's Dog Food Tacos, made with genuine Alpo, deep fried in a single unit without benefit of cheese.  The traditional JIB hot sauce (they used to call it Secret Sauce until the novelty wore off) always made their DFTs the best in the industry.  The good part is their DFTs haven't changed since I was little: they're still two for 99c, still generously greasy and still made with the best ingredients Alpo can supply for a meat-like substitute.

Last week I stopped at this store for my occasional half-dozen order of DFTs.  What I got were real, true-to-life tacos - plump, fresh, and made with real ground beef!  They were to die for!  I complimented the girl on their new quality.

Then, late last night, I snuck out (alone) to get a fix of DFTs.  Predictably, I got their usual grease-sodden DFTs and not the nice ones from last. week.

While waiting, I saw a big ad for something called a Sour Dough Jack.  The sandwich in the picture was fresh, healthy, and had slices of cheese, fresh bacon and a beef patty, so I asked if I could have one made like the one in the picture.  I tried to make it clear I did not want a sandwich that looked like a 300 # fat lady sat on it to keep it warm, and I didn't want it with any 3-day old bacon.  I was assured I could indeed, have that.

When I got home, I found last week's old bacon and the sandwich was typically squashed - nothing like the one in the picture.  I took it back and they agreed to re-make it properly.  That they did, and included a free milk shake because I just made a needless 7-mile round trip.

The replacement sandwich still had 3-day old bacon.  The bread, while looking like sourdough in appearance, just tasted like plain, ordinary sandwich bread.  The small beef patty was overcooked, dry and tasteless.  And this little hockey puck set me back almost $6.

This is why I avoid junk food joints: these slop-shops never take a lick of pride in anything they serve.  Their motto: 'Show great pictures but give them garbage.  Now, slop them hogs and send them on their way!'

UPDATE:

"Edgar E." of Mesa, AZ, writes in that he believes $6.00 is a small price to pay for a tiny, soggy sandwich.  

It's a free country, Edgar, and you're free to waste-away your wealth any way you wish.  And if it weren't for folks like "Edgar E." to support shoddy restaurants, we'd have NO crummy places to throw away our extra cash!  

And wouldn't that be a shame?
Just had lunch here and they were sooooo slow. It's the lunch hour and you have one person working the register and one person putting the food together and working the drive thru(felt bad for this guy) while the other employees were just walking around. And to top it off it was hot as heck in here it is never fun to sweat and eat.
Don't eat here much anymore. It seems they are ALWAYS out of one or another items. Biscuits more than once and twice they were out of CHICKEN! It's KFC! How do you run out if chicken!?!
Went through the drive thru tonight and didnt receive any of my sides.  Upon returning to the drive thru the girls told me they prolly did give them to me, but she would give me more anyway.  FIRST I ordered 17 dollars worth of food.  Why would I want to get some free mashed potatoes and cole slaw.  SECOND I made it all the way home and wasted my gas to get the order correct.  Way to call your customers liars.  Never going back again!
I really feel like it's my duty to warn others that if you come to this Wendy's to please bring your patience. Please don't stop here for a quick bite or if you're in a rush. The people here work at their own pace. They are all very friendly, but this area is full of retirees and quite a few of them work here. They will chat with you all day about various things, but you have to be willing to give about 10 minutes more of your time whenever you place an order. 

I repeat this specific Wendy's is not a "fast" food joint, but my order here is always right.  :)
OK so by now most people know I am a pretty patience guy but every time I eat here it seems as if time slows down.The words fast food can not and should not be used when describing this place. First off let me start by saying that this place while a chain seems to be the broken link. 

In the last three times I was forced to eat here (friends choice) I did not recive my complete order, was over charged, and received food that looked like it was left by a previous customer. Soggy fries, burgers coated in so much grease the bun would have slid off had it not been for all the cheese that held it to the wrapper! Of course this was after the long wait time (clocked at over 12 mins by my friend on one visit!) So why do people still eat here is my question? Maybe they are still stuck on the memories of cold and tasty frosty's. 

Or maybe it was the times they enjoyed a biggie drink with free refills on a blazing 110 summer day here in phoenix. Who knows? I think that since they were acquired by Arby's there was no place for them to go but down hill. Dave Thomas would flip in his grave if he could see the tiny dried up squares of cow flesh his customers where offered for their hard earned dollar, and Wendy well she would be in tears!  R.I.P. to Wendy's and to another childhood memory.
This wendy's is terrible. I grew up going to Wendy's but recently the whole chain has become disgusting. This one is just a slow, disgusting chain. Blah, rather eat pretty much any where else.
its hard to mess up a wendys burger, but this location seems to have figured out how to do it. Our food was luke warm at best. the french fries, tasted old, and where cold.  If you don't mind eating food that has been sitting under a hot lamp, this is the place for you, if you want hot food, you would be  better to leave it on your dashboard. as much as i hate to say it, try to avoid this location. I didn't even make a complaint, figured why waste my time.
Worst Wendy's I've ever been too.  Went in over a year ago for breakfast special.  Waited in line for 20 minutes and then the order was all messed up.  Long and short.  Too many other good places out there.  Don't waste your time..
food is ok, but service is very slow!
It's a fast food Hamburger Joint.  That being said, the service here is better than the hamburger joint across the street.
New location ~ haven't been able to get in yet ~too long of a wait ~ must mean it's good.

It's great to see so much prosperity.  Blessings : ) KC
I am so a fan of this place, pretty good and consistent. Although I don't think my partner really liked his french toast with caramel topping, it was too sweet. Omelettes are the bomb, big and fluffy filled with whatever the hell you want. There are always running some sort of themed food and that's what I like about this place. I liked it when they had those minion drinks from Despicable Me.
I loved the food. But the service was annoying.. She started out by being sarcastic.. it was funny but it gets old. Then we asked another server for hot syrup when she wasnt around. she took this the wrong way and kept asking us about every 30 seconds to a minute if we were doing okay.. then she kinda rushed us outta there.. Idk decent service good food.
IHOP is a classic. Its good food after a late night and their open 24 hours so its perfect.
I enjoy a sickeningly sweet pancake meal as much as anybody. This Ihop is pretty nice! I almost ate myself sick on nutella crepes this morning. Good way to start the day!
The service at this particular location always SUCKS! The food is still standard with other Ihop's but if you value your time and sanity do not eat at this one. My sister and I went here for lunch the other day. Mind you it was not packed but it took 10 minutes for our "first" waiter to come and ask us what we wanted to drink. 5 minutes later the "second" waiter delivers the drinks and takes our order. 20 minutes later we finally got our food delivered by a "third" waiter (last time I checked a pancake only took like 2 minutes to cook). Throughout the meal no one ever checked in on us, as a matter of fact we never got a ticket. I had to end up telling the cashier what table we sat at so he could pull up the bill and ring me out, SMH!
We went  around 2ish in the afternoon place was dead, and the service was so bad.....  he was inordinately slow and never checked back I had to get up and go find him to get our check. I know the food is standard corporate hard to mess up but it was bad. Sloppily prepared, missing the fries just no attention. Management needs to step up their game.
It's IHOP.  My little kids love the chocolate chip pancakes.  I tolerate the place.  Not that expensive.  Good service.  In and out.  The food is general chain food quality.
In the middle of fat America.  But okay.  My server was very nice.  He did forget my water though.  But it's an IHOP.  You get what you pay for.
Came in with large fam, the waiter was nice and paid attention to our order n checked on us a few times, nice clean place, good tbone steak, id go again :)
Don't come for the service at breakfast time.

Me and the Hubby went a few weeks ago and I wished that the review would show up on the check in date instead of the write up date but...
We went for breakfast, were promptly seated, then waited, and waited, and then our waitress (I usually call them servers seeing how I was one for many years, but not in this case) finally gets to us and takes our drink order and sighs because I wasn't quite ready to order.
When we did order, my hubby was asking me what he should get out of 2 things and all she heard was him saying something, heard it was a menu choice and decided he was getting that for breakfast.  Meals came out timely, they weren't the greatest things ever, but it was IHOP, and didn't expect them to be; however, they were pretty good, he had gotten some moons over my hammy type thing they have at Denny's and I got the double BLT and was happy that they didn't make my bacon crispy.  Finally got a drink refill and with it came the question if I needed a box...not if I was going to  need one, as I am still eating the last half of my sandwich and fries are gone, but the question wasn't brought up to the person that still had half a sandwich left and was no longer touching it.
The bill came early almost the same time the food was dropped off and I guess that is protocol for them and by the service I guess she felt that since she dropped off the ticket that we no longer required service.  Talked to the guy in charge at the time and he made excuses and so I told him that we wouldn't be returning to any IHOP for a while and never again to this location
Love this place great place to stop to eat for a person that works late service is great and enjoy the food
WOW, very modern decor excellent service and very crowded. Breakfast was crowded and we were here on a Wed. Overall excellent food and service.
The place was pack but only waited about 2 minutes to be seated. Kind of noisy inside due to the crowd. Coffee was really good and you get flavored coffee creamers as well as half and half. The coffee was fresh, hot and delicious. Ordered our food and it came really fast, scary fast, it was hot and very good. I NEVER eat at places like this, but if the experience was the same I'd eat here more frequently. I definitely recommend eating breakfast here. Enjoy :)
I've never had a problem with the in restaurant service. BUT if you are looking to do a to go order prepare to wait a ridiculous amount of time. 30+ minutes AFTER placing your order, I've already been waiting 38 minutes after being told over the phone that the order would be ready in 10 minutes. When I arrived they hadn't even started making my food. I like this location but I would NEVER order to go service and I definitely wouldn't recommend it anyone else.
Horrible service. Hostess was rude. Waitresses never offered refills. Quick to bring check tho. Came in for dessert. Never again.
This location is the nearest to me. Never again. I came here for a birthday breakfast and received terrible service. Then the food arrived and everything was super salted as if the cooks were trying to kill the spoilage of the food.
I had come in really early after dropping off at the airport. Once again, the staff is attentive & courteous! John was excellent! I told him I would be here for a few hours until it was time to leave for work. He switched out the regular coffee carafe for the large one! Checked in on me a few times and was quite pleasant. 
The food is always yummy and the music selection pleasant but not too loud.
Had the new chipotle chicken sandwich.  Nothing to write home about, but got the job done satisfying my hunger.  The place has some tvs to watch and overall its pretty clean.
I rarely go to Arby's, but I wanted to try their Cravin' Chicken Sandwich, so I dropped in here one afternoon for lunch.  I ordered the Cravin' Chicken Sandwich.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arbys-scottsdale-2?select=TUEZOrAh5TK-nD3nyub6MQ#TUEZOrAh5TK-nD3nyub6MQ

It's larger than most fast food Chicken Sandwiches and the flavor is pretty good.  Not too bad.  However, it wasn't good enough to get me 'addicted' so I would 'crave' it again.

Return Factor - 50%
It's ok. I like the jr. hot ham & cheese sandwich. Today I ordered it with a jamocha shake, because it's hot outside, and shakes are cold, so I figured it would balance me out. 

The jr. ham & cheese sandwich is on their value menu (it's always weird and flattened looking no matter which Arby's I go to), so is the small jamocha shake (on the value menu I mean...not weird or flattened like the sammich). 

My hunger was satiated, the bill was cheap (for Arby's), and so far it has not made me sick, so I have no complaints. 

I don't go to Arby's very often, I'm not a fan of roast beast (unless it's a REAL roast with potatoes and stuff), but when I'm wanting a hot ham & cheese (and since there aren't any Hardee's around this joint) this is where I go...until I find a different venue that will gratify, satisfy and quiet my urges.
Ate at this Arby's on Sunday 7/06.  They were so focused on taking care of the drive through that it took them 30 minutes to prepare our simple order to eat in their dining room.  When we finally received the sandwiches they tasted like they were made 30 minutes earlier and left under a heat lamp.  They were a little above room temperature.  The fries were hot but over cooked.  We asked for our money back and left.
While I do not eat fast food as much I used to, I used to eat at Jack in the Box (different locations) all of the time.  I was on my way home recently from playing sports and had a hankering for a sourdough jack (my favorite) and some jalapeno poppers.  My girlfriend was with me and decided to try the sirloin burger.  What a disaster.

We were exhausted and live close by so we went straight home after hitting the drive through, only to find out that we did not receive the poppers that we paid for.  On top of that, the burgers were sub par and the fries were burnt (a shame because they were curly fries).  I had not eaten at JITB in quite some time and this experience has solidified why I had stopped going in the first place.  

Perhaps I should have checked the bag before leaving the drive through but when there are only a couple of cars in the drive through and no one in the restaurant, should I really have to?  Especially at 10pm when things are slow.  I will not be returning to this location and more than likely will not return to any others either.  It is a shame because the food used to be so good.
This chain pulled out of the Chicago market years ago so when I saw a Jack In the Box I put it on my bucket list of things to do during my visit. I had to have the taco's as it was a high school staple.
I don't go to this location often but of the few times I have been there I've had to ask for my receipt. I find that very suspicious. There is a number to call if you don't get your receipt but I've yet to remember to write it down first.
We stopped in to cash in our free taco coupons we got from the Suns game. It seems like there is a Jack in the Box on almost every corner here and this location is very clean although the service was a little slow. 
I don't know what's in the taco's (and I don't want to know) but we love them.
Stopped in for a bite to eat today at this Jack in the Box...

THE BEST:

*  Bought a Monster Taco & added on 2 free regular Tacos.  A tasty light lunch after adding on some great Frank's Red Hot Sauce to all three.  (You have to ask for it, but it's free.)

*  Excellent value with coupon code from participating in phone survey last time.

*  Bathroom was ok.


THE REST:

*  Cashier was unfriendly.

*  The only place the Monster Taco was priced was on a sign attached to the front of the cash register, which said it's $1.26.  Cashier said, "That'll be $1.40."  I asked how we get from $1.26 to $1.40 with 8.3% Sales Tax?  (Hey, I was a math & science major!)  Cashier says, "Your Monster Taco is $1.29 plus tax.  The sign is wrong.  You'll see it on your reciept."  Then she didn't give me my receipt!

*  Music was playing too loudly, in my opinion.  I wanted to try to read something while I ate.

*  Didn't care much for the dining room layout...  missed the booths available at most Jack locations I visit.

*  Would have had a few things to say if invited to participate in another phone survey, but of course I couldn't since she kept my receipt.

My first & probably last visit to this Jack in the Box location.     :-|
They just got a face lift.  The place looks good and 2 drive thurs lanes now.  Still the same good and level of service.
Awful service and such a slow drive thru. 
Not coming back.

Ordered a smoothie and they let me order, pay, and wait at the other window until they figured out they don't have any... 
I sat at the drive thru window several minutes before someone even opened it and acknowledged me and there was a line behind me! 
They definitely don't move with much purpose.
Horrible service for being a fast food chain. Horrible drive thru for late night eating. I'd rather go to the McDonalds on 99th and lower buckeye. Never want to come back here. Ever!
Dirty, tables not clean. No mirror in bathroom.  Very surprised. Usually the best place to stop for clean facilities
this McDonald's is one of the busiest ones in the valley.  Service & Cleanliness can be 100% spot on... And then they get hit with a zillion kids and/or movie goers.  In 30 minutes the place looks like it's gone to hell in a hand basket.   So one minute service is just peachy, another and they don't seem to have enough employees.. But there will be lines out of the double laned drive up  window and crowds around the counter...  As a regular there, they do an admirable job but will always have nay sayers at this and similar locations... of any fast food restaurants.
Okay, okay... I KNOW it's a fast food joint. I KNOW it's a chain. HOWEVER, let me tell you, the ladies who work there are AMAZING. Their customer service is top notch. The store is always exceedingly clean. The food...well, it's Carls' Jr. It's the same food you'll get at any Carl's Jr. But, the staff at THIS one makes it truly a pleasure! I was very pleasantly surprised. Good job girls!!
Realistically, the only thing keeping the rating at 2 stars instead of just 1 was the closing of the experience.  The service was incredibly slow for being the lunch rush, especially since there were not more than 4 customers in the store. 

As far as the menu goes, the choices are immense!  The coupons offered in this weeks paper were abundant and very well worth using.  The counter person was nice, used suggestive selling and had a smile.

The down side was the kitchen.  There were not that many people in the place and even if the Drive Through was packed, they can still only take one order at a time.  It seemed to be an unnecessarily long wait for a couple of burgers. 

Again, save the day by the counter girl who apologized for the delay and then gave me a chocolate chip cookie as a consolation for waiting so long. 

As far as the food goes, the burgers were both tasty.  The menu was so expansive it will take several visits to get through the bulk of it.  Not only your typical burger fare but salads and the connection of another fast food joint called the Green Burrito, they had a wide array of Mexican dishes as well. 

A short review for me, I know.  Bottom line is this.  The kitchen service was terrible, the counter service was nice.  The burgers were OK, good enough to go back a 2nd time as maybe the experience was not the normal.  When it comes time to return, I will amend this review.  Until then, Enjoy!
This is 1 of the only Carl's jr where your food will always come too hot! Great service in the burgers are always hot and good!
#3 is the bomb.  Western burger combo with crosscut fries. If it has to be fast food this is on the list.
This used to be one of my family's favorite stops. Food was good, place was clean, and employees always nice and great service. Apparently it has been sold and the changes haven't been positive. Firstly, the salsa bar was taken out. The restaurant isn't as clean and the bathroom was gross. Portions are cheap, the chicken nachos are one third the size they used to be and not very tasty. Whoever purchased it didn't do it any favors. It has been crossed off my list. I'd rather go another mile to In and Out.
Carl juniors Atlantic cod low-carb and tacos are fabulous.   Stop in if you get a chance.
They don't accept Arby's gift cards. Shame on them!
Roast Beef Sandwich on King's Hawaiian Roll with swiss cheese and pickles is delicious.  However, it will run you $6.50 for a fast food sandwich.

Jr. Chicken sandwich is a hit with my daughter.

Fries & curly fries are not good.
Every once in awhile, after work or life has been stressing you out, you've just got to scratch the itch with fast junk food.

This place fit the bill for me tonight.

I ate the Western Bacon Cheeseburger.  It wasn't anything special but it was reasonably priced and they made it quick.

The BBQ sauce was unfortunately bland, but that's probably so it appeals more to the masses.

I now have a hamburger shaped lump in my stomach....and as after any act of mindless passion, I regret my actions.  :)
"Super Nachos" Yeah right, super yucky nachos. I remember when the nachos were first added to the menu. They were fresh nacho chips and shreaded cheese with beans and meat. These were terrible, unless you like baseball nachos. Stale chips that were bought and canned cheese with old beans. I mean I am ok with this if it was fresh, but to get the old stuff at dinner sucked. I said something to the staff and they acted like I had destroyed the best product in the world. I guess with Carl's Jr. I will stick with the burger.
Order #0118 on 1/29/2014
Carl's Jr. #7507

Item ordered: char fish combo

Gentlefolk,
This meal was the most uninspired excuse for a fish sandwich. The bottom slice of the bun was dry without condiments. The "slice" of iceburg lettuce also lacked condiment. There was a slight dab of what may have been a sauce further up at the level where I was to find the saddest excuse for what came out of our oceans. It was gooey, brownish, and glued to the top bun which was otherwise toasted and dry. I really cannot express the level if disappointment I experienced today for lunch. To do so would make you cry and wish to toss yourself in front of a bus and end it all. Terrible lunch today.
Wow.  This seriously can not be the first review for this Wendy's location!?!?

Anyway....Wendy's is your traditional fast food joint.  With square hamburger patties and Frosty's.    They're pretty much all the same.  

EXCEPT....I do not like a side of scabs, sores, and blistered fingers and arms with my fries.  Thank you.  Went through the drive-through to grab lunch.  Was hankering for a frosty-fry combination. It's the sweet / salty thing.  

I ordered.  Drove up to the first window and paid.  Then drove to the second window to pick up my food.  I did a double take at the guys hands and arms that was manning the second window.  Some sores scabbed over.  Some looked like they were weeping.  But it was a blistered nasty mess.  Like he had his hands shoved in the fryer a week or so prior and they were healing.  VOMIT!!  I was so digusted in fact that I immediately tossed my food away when I got back to work.  

Wether he touched my food or not, did not matter.  Just the pure thought of him possibly touching my food was enough to make me toss everything in the trash. 

DRY HEAVE!!
Just left this place and I'm very unsatisfied with there service. First it took the cashier 15mins to understand what I was ordering and another 10 to get my order into the register. Then I was frustrated because I could not understand his broken English. Then after that he does not give me my change back as if he does not owe it to me. When I asked for my change, he then try's to give me less then what he owed me. I have no problems with any race of people! All I ask is that you hire and train people to do there jobs. And please make sure your workers can communicate with your customers or they will stop coming back!
Although the food itself was good and the restaurant appeared to be clean, the service was seriously lacking! Not a single person acknowledged my existence and I had to step up to the counter and ask if I could order. I never saw a single smile from any employee either. I guess you can't expect too much for a fast food joint, but this Wendy's could certainly step it up a notch.
This is the worst Wendy's ever- and I LOVE Wendys. I hate that this is the location closest to my work... But it never fails, you mess up something in my order EACH time! You would think they would get tired of the complaint calls and giving away free food to replace it, b/c I know I am tired of wasting my lunch time doing so! 
Educate your staff on Gluten free and gluten allergies (ie your bread! When someone asks for a bunless sandwich, it needs to have lettuce wraped around it...essp when the customer said to wrap it in lettuce!) Also educate your staff on what condiments come with a baked potatoe. That is really getting old. The salt/pepper/butter/sour cream has always been part of the potato order. 

Just the worst and this is just the tip of the ice burg......... They didn't reply to my email of complaint last month... maybe a Yelp review would help.
Not sure how my Frosty melted from the time it came out of the machine to when it was handed to me at the drive thru window 20 seconds later. Always feel the need to try new fast food products and the Waffle Cone had been on the short list for awhile. Your not missing anything with this semi-stale cone and then the old reliable Frosty (vanilla) was a disgrace at this location. Unless it was 109 inside the store, that ice cream should not have melted. Waffle Cone was only $1.69, but I'm going back to the Frosty in a cup with the spoon that usually sticks straights up and I won't be getting it at this sorry location.
This is the worst Wendy's I have ever been to, and sadly it's the closest one to work. They can never ever ever get an order right and deeply needed to be educated on what gluten free means.
As far as national fast food chains go - Wendy's is one of the better ones. I appreciate that you can get a salad instead of fries here. Their burgers usualy seem fresher and better tasting too. However, this location appears to be one of the worst run Wendy's I've ever been to. My salad not cold, was wilted, and had lots of brown bits. Service was far from enthusiastic.
I don't understand these poor reviews, you really can't go wrong with the ol spicy chicken sandwich combo meal!!!!
Wow......this chicken has got to be one of the best chicken I've ever tasted.....it's nothing compared to KFC...it has a nice kick to it and a little zingy too!! It's always pipping hot and it beats making them yourself!! Also try their fried okra if you like that!!! Yum Yum!!! I'm getting a craving rt now!!!  Pllsssss bring Church's to SF!!!!
You have to forgive me as I am a little sad today. One of the cheapest, and best chicken places has gone totally down hill. In the world of fast food chicken places it is normally a choice between KFC or Church 's. In fact until today I would have said Church 's by a mile. Disagree? Then let 's talk price for a minute. 

When you can get eight pieces of chicken, four biscuits,  a side of mashed potatoes and gravy plus coleslaw all four around $10 then there is no choice involved. There is just me asking for some hot sauce and a pile of napkins. (LOL) But after moving to Michigan for a few years and having no choice but to pay the super high prices the colonel commands from his troops (customers),  I was looking forward to moving back to Arizona and some good fried chicken. 

But somehow things are never as great as you remember them. My first experience with Church 's was not only a disappointment but a slap in the face. Forgotten were the memories sweetened by the warm honey butter biscuits I used to enjoy. Gone were the days when I sat with my grandma and feasted on tasty fried chicken. Now all that remains is the smell of burned food that taste like it had been made three days before and reheated till it was almost charcoal.  

I mean come on I like dark meat but this was ridiculous. Maybe to increase profits they were selling this cremated fowl as fuel to KFC to make their grilled chicken with (LOL). But seriously though the food was really bad. The biscuits looked like the kind you buy at the store just with a little smear of honey and were rock hard. This is to bad because they sold one of the better tasting biscuits sold by a chain ( KFC 's taste like they used to much flour, and Popeye 's is way to salty for my taste). 

The bottom line is with great power comes great responsibility. If you have a great product do not mess with it. Just keep cranking it out and offering it at a affordable price. Why? It is simple, because you will make a lot of money.(LOL) I only hope that someone at Church 's will awaken from this nightmare and start making the food that makes good memories instead of just making people sick.
This place was surprisingly very good!  I went in with negative expectations, but the chicken was crisp outside, not overly salty, plump and dripping with juices on the inside.  The coleslaw was crisp and fresh with a good balance of ingredients, the biscuits were crutchy on the outside and moist as white cake on the inside.  The service was cheerful, friendly and helpful.  I have no complaints.
This location has closed
I wish I could say something about the food served here, but unfortunately, I was never served food.

I walked in one afternoon and it was deader than disco. A cashier was counting money in a drawer, and a large amount of cash was visible. A cook was bumbling around in the kitchen area, moving things around and doing busy work. I stood at the counter for a good five minutes while the counting was occurring, not wanting to speak and possibly mess up this accounting operation. However, when the lady was done, she looked up at me, then turned and started doing other things.

I just walked out at this point.

Oh, and their customer service infrastructure is broken too -- I submitted a web form telling about my experience and never heard anything back. Maybe they should bring back Carl's Sr -- Junior doesn't seem to be up to the task.
Went to the drive thru on our way to Tucson. It was about 9 am, the guy could NOT get our order right! We had to repeat like 4-5 times, then when we got to the window he still had it wrong. Terrible.
Good- I came here for lunch and it was my first time at a carls jr. The day before, I had seen the nice buns commercial, so I thought I would give it a try. I walked in and was greeted fairly quickly. I said it was my first time and I asked for sine recommendations and the lady was helpful. I ended up choosing the original burger. My first bite was great, the burgers have this char on them that tastes like a home cookout. I didn't really notice the bun cuz it's wrapped in a paper. I just didn't like the super thick cut onions which made it difficult to eat.
Casey keeps things going here!  Friendly smile, happy tacos and burritos, and conveniently located across from Adobe golf center.  Cheap eats!
Typical KFC.
Clean lobby and friendly service. 
It is nice that you can order Taco Bell and/or KFC.
Sometimes they do not have some menu items when I go during non-rush hours.
Convenient location. Never too busy here. It's a KFC,  Taco Bell combo.  I like the 10 or 14 piece special on dark meat there. I get extra crispy and the healthier grilled.  The wait isn't too bad but I always ask if they have enough of the type of chicken I want so I don't have to wait for them to cook some fresh.

I like the wing hot sauce for my chicken. Very tasty.

Sometimes I get a taco or two with my chicken order. It's a weird combination, but sometimes i have an appetite for both. 

Clean restaurant.  Always room to sit, not overly busy at dinner time.
Not unfriendly.  Fairly clean.  Slow.  Oh my God, slow.  I stop here often because it's Taco Bell.   5 minutes per car.   Every. single. time.
Tonight I got my lazy self of the couch to get some Taco Bell before the drive through closed at 10pm.  I made it at exactly 9:50.  There was still a car at the window,  but they weren't taking new orders.   They had gone ahead and closed up early.
Since it's close, I'll admit the potential sin of a Taco Bell/KFC run or two. We all have our fast food indulgences. 

My review is not so much about the food as it is the staff, service and overall management. This store is consistently SLOWWWW (ok, maybe I come here more than I should...). By slow, I mean that the in-store cashier has a line of 6-12 receipts lined up on the counter as they work to deliver food. I ordered a fresco bean burrito and fresco soft taco and waited 20+ minutes (yes, really) for my order. 

I most certainly was not the only disgruntled one. 

By now, I should have learned my lesson and known to avoid this place like the plague if you have any desire to enjoy the next 30 minutes of your life. I don't know about you, but sitting for that long inside or in the drive-thru for a simple order is just beyond ridiculous. If it happened just once, I'd let it slide. But this seems to always be the case. Hearing the other upset customers while I'm waiting just makes the experience that much worse. At least I'm not the only one...

I'm speculating, but I think it's a cheap management issue where they don't want to hire enough employees for cost, therefore they have poor service. (The signs in the windows about how they will charge extra for sauces and not honor certain standard coupons only reinforces my opinion. But again, just my opinion.) Go to another location.
This place is a KFC and Taco Bell and it is terrible. The food tastes great but the service is not so great. Every time I've been here it takes 30 mins minimum to go through the drive thru to get my food whether there are two cars in front of you or 4. I don't know why it takes so long and I refuse to go back because it's so frustrating! And they don't always get the order right yet still take forever getting me the wrong order. Frustrating!
This is by far the worst taco bell/kfc I've been to.  More expensive then the rest and the long wait times are crazy.
Got to love a Taco Bell KFC under the same roof. I'd eat here again.  Burrito supreme is the best
Service is terrible. Stood at a register in a empty restaurant for 10 minutes & the workers looked at me but never acknowledged my presence. Finally ordered & waited for another 15 minutes for a couple tacos. I'll NEVER return.
First 1 star review. Came in at 6:20 on a Tuesday. Completely out of chicken breasts in both original and crispy. None in the cooker. 20 minute wait if I wanted them to cook me one.
U get 10% off when u spend more than $25...woohoo!
Breakfast? We'll see.
This is a hard one to rate.  It took a ridiculously long time to get 2 sandwiches and an order of fries to go. The restaurant was empty but there may have been a line at the drive thru.
I sampled the fries when I got in the car and they were just room temperature.   By the time I got to the hotel (5 minutes away), the sandwiches were not hot either.  However, both of them (a double  burger and a ranch chicken sandwich) were quite tasty.
So how's about 5 stars for the food and 1 for service?
This place is a mixed bag for me. The food is great, I love the grilled taste over McDonald's any day. The downside is that they constantly mess up your order. There's A 50/50 chance that if you don't check your bags they will miss a burgers, or 2 large frys. At least they have never given me a hard time when I come back but I live in Glenwilde and the last thing I want to do is go all the way back to get missing item(s) while my food gets cold and family finishes without me.
I'm a fan of Chick-fl-a.  They're good (better than McDonalds), cheap, and friendly.  Be sure to tell them 'thank you' at the end of an order.  I'm willing to bet they'll answer with a friendly, "My pleasure".  (Try to see what happens at the McDonalds up the street if you try this!)

If you dine inside at this location, they have an enclosed play area for the kids.  

If you come for lunch at this location come before 11:00am or after 1:00pm -- ESPECIALLY if you plan on using the drive through.  They have quite a congestion problem in the drive-through at lunch.
Heard people talking about this place, we saw it on our way driving back to the hotel, made a hard right and into the drive thru.  We were looking for a quick bite and came away surprised and impressed.  Chicken was very flavorful and tender, the waffle fries were excellent, and reasonably priced.
The Best Chicken sandwiches I have ever had!
Coming from Atlanta where Chick-Fil-A is almost as popular as Waffle House, I have to admit, I'm a fan... but the main reason I like Chick-Fil-A?  Their diet lemonade!

I'm not kidding - I go to this location quite often, utilize their drive thru window, and order my large diet lemonade with light ice... the tart flavor on a hot afternoon is so refreshing!

I like that they offer fresh fruit as well, and I admit that I've had their ice cream cones on several occasions too...
I only have a funny story to tell about this place. Actually about the name. I'm from MI and we don't have Chic-Fil-A. So, I'm driving along one day shortly after moving to AZ, and I pass my first ever Chic-Fil-A. As as I glanced at this hyphenated,  almost-cursive written brand name, I said out loud "Chica Flicka!? What  kinda place is that?" I even went so far as to call a friend from here and asked...."Tracy, what the hell is Chicka-Flicka"?" After being dumbfounded for a minute, she figured it out and said "NO silly, its Chic-Fil-A"!! To date, I still call it Chica-Flicka cuz its sooooo much more funny to say!!! 

Oh, and as fast food goes, its pretty good! I never eat fast food, so I don't really know how to rate! :-)
consistant,delicious, addicting, and cheap. How can you not go to the place where the chicken sandwich was invented.
 (atleast that's what they claim) No matter what chick-fil-A you go to in any state it is always delicous. Try not to go on a Saturday afternoon it will be swamped with kids.unless you like kids running all around you when you are trying to eat.
It is seriously all about the diet lemonade. I have purchased gallons for my house, it is that addicting and delicious!

At first the cashiers would give me strange looks, but now they accept and embrace me!
This was on my boyfriend's top 3 fast food places.  I saw they had 1 in AZ and I knew we had to come.  I was impressed because it's different from your typical burger & fries type of joint.  They have a variety of about 5 milkshakes which were thick & creamy.  I opted for the classic chicken sandwich which was really good - bun, fried chx fillet, and pickles.  They also serve breakfast burritos, and chx biscuits.   
The place was really clean and not grungy or run down.  I wish they had locations in the bay area.
Yay! I'm a fan. Four stars.

I don't think the location listed is actually the spot, it seems more to the north. I fell in love with Chick-Fil-A while going to ASU and living in the MU. My Maroon and Gold card got burnt up at the CFA there, and ever since I'll get in the mood for a run. This spot is off the 101 Loop, and when headed that way it makes it tough to pass by without swinging in the drive-thru. I just get the basic chicken sandwich. I don't care much for the extra stuff on the menu. This is kind of like the In-N-Out of chicken, for me....No Animal style, etc, that I am aware of though.
This place has good fast food, it's always clean, and the staff is super nice. SUPER nice. 

My kids love the play area and it's a lot cleaner than any other fast food play area for sure. We love this place.
This chick fil a is awesome!!! The food is always cooked how it should, everyone is nice to you, and the restaurant is always super clean.
Had to find that "fast food" meal and this was a perfect choice for this Cali fam to try.  My kids said this is "real" chicken sandwiches. Of course they eat at Mc D's alot. Not only that, the manager came by and checked on us and re ~filled or drinks personally.  Now thats service for a fast food place. We were out in 30 minutes and happy to leave Arizona satisfied in or tummies.  Can't wait til Chick Fil a comes to Norcal!
This is a nice location for "Chick-fil-a" because of the lack of other fast food selections in the area. You do have Jimmy Johns, Luke's of Chicago and Paradise nearby, but this is the only dedicated chicken option available and the others are more sitdown and  not necessarily fast. 

The folks behind the counter are always very nice and helpful; but the real reason to come here is the chicken which is outstanding! The variety of their sandwiches are good and tasty. In other areas where we have lived in the past, there was no Chick-fil-a, just KFC. So, we were very pleased and pleasantly surprise to find them. The food is great! 

So in summary, we really enjoy coming here for a different lunch & dinner option when we feel like anything BUT hamburgers and we want really good chicken! 

Enjoy!
I love Chick-Fil-A and was so happy to find one so close to where I live in north Scottsdale!!!

I go to this Chick-Fil-A often and have never been disappointed!  I always get an 8 count and a large fry, sometimes a chocolate shake if I'm not counting calories that day :)

Their nuggets are delicious and they offer every kind of dipping sauce you could think of.  They serve waffle fries, which if you ask me there are no better fast food fries out there!!!  And their shakes are amazing! So rich and creamy just wish they were guilt free!!

I like keeping my hands cleans and appreciate the abundance of sanitizers throughout the shop!

The staff is always so friendly and courteous and are willing to go the extra mile to make their customers happy.

If you are in the north Scottsdale area and looking for quality quick chicken definitely check this place out, you will not be disappointed!!!
Every time I think about going to Chick-fil-a it's on Sunday, when they're closed.  Luckily, I remembered during a weekday and stopped by this location to grab a quick bite.

I ordered a Spicy Chicken Sandwich.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ixu0ou1_5mpEZbBtYXW_LA?select=XvtKTpwpPdn7b-mO4FxdEQ
Chicken Nuggets
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ixu0ou1_5mpEZbBtYXW_LA?select=CJUe-tVSDhnjcuoYC85QuA
Criss-Cut Fries
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ixu0ou1_5mpEZbBtYXW_LA?select=Bx-adopXm9SlJ86WdXvNaA

The Spicy Chicken Sandwich was just OK....nothing special.  The Chicken Nuggets were just OK too....but the Criss-Cut Fries were pretty good, above average.  I left full, but not satisfied....hence the 3 Stars.

Return Factor - 60%
What's not to love about Chick-Fil-A? The original chicken sandwich and waffle fries is the best combo and compared to other fast food options, its not terribly horrible for you.  But,if you are really trying to be good, the grilled chicken sandwich is good.  You can ask for no butter on the bun and order a side salad. If you really want to be bad, they have yummy brownies and ice cream.  

Also, the people who work at Chick Fil A are so nice and friendly!  They always say, "my pleasure" instead of "your welcome." See for yourself!  They will refill your drink and clear your table and ask you you're doing.  Its like fast food with sit down style courtesy.

We all complain that Chick Fil A is closed on Sundays, but I like it because it makes the other 6 days  that you can go to Chick Fil A even more special!  Haha!
For fast food chain this is as good as it gets. Of course, I always crave it on Sunday when they are closed... Stick with the basic chicken sandwich and cross cut fries.
The Good - Feed a family of 4 for $20 (sans sodas).

The Bad - Sodas are behind the counter so asking for a refill is a drag and not worth purchasing a soda.

The Ugly - Closed Sunday.
I'm not interested in writing a review on the food. If you don't know what a Chick-Fil-A has, or if you don't know about the quality of this fine chain, then go read my other reviews under the list "Chick Fil A". 

This one stands out from all the others. I've dined in once and it was a great experience, but the team that works at the Drive Thru window gets a five star review from me.

Sometimes, I get to the window and my food isn't ready, but the attendant is always so cheery, friendly and kind. They politely ask me to park my car in the lot, and then when my food is ready, they bring it out to me.

Once, I waited a few minutes, and to thank me for my patience, they brought out a small Coke for me. Even though, I typically drink diet, I am very appreciative of the kind gesture. 

This location really cares about their customers having a great experience.

Kudos Chick Fil A on 87th street!
Love this place!  The staff always seems to be polite and considerate.  Food is awesome!  I saw that someone posted "The Ugly - Closed Sunday."  I always respected CFA for not being opened on Sundays.  It's a well sought-after day off in hospitality and gives their employees a chance to relax on a special day of the week with their friends and family.  Maybe that's why the customer service is so good?  Just saying...
Quick
Chick-Fil-A has my most favorist (it's a word) fries! I love the waffle fries they serve...yum! 

Chick-Fil-A has bar none the best service of any fast food chain that I know of! They serve the food to your table, they will come clean up your sloppy mess after your meal, and even offer to get you a drink refill! 

I love the chicken sandwiches.

Another hidden gem is the "handspun" milkshakes... SO GOOD!

I wish they were open on Sundays.
My doctor says I need more fiber in my diet, she says it's nature's broom. 
I say my diet is just fine, relying on the more traditional staples, such as pink snowballs, fritos, and beer.
I tell her it's not not exactly nature's broom, but it is janitorial in a sense, almost like a mop and bucket. 

But the 'roids need to go or else there'll be an operation she says...one nvolving hot pokers and way too much probing for my liking.
This is where CFA comes in handy.

They have a cole-slaw that's to die for, one guaranteed to promote a healthy colon,
or at best, keep my proctologist's hands (and hot intruments) away from my precious bum, which has yet to break it's maiden with a hot poker or inquisitive finger.

So if you like cole slaw, and your doctor orders you to eat fiber, this is the answer to your... prayers?
You'll be crapping like a sick barnyard animal in no time.

Go CFA cole slaw!!!

Woo Woo, [fist pump]
Excellent and energetic customer service. Food is great. At first I thought having a pickle on my chicken sandwich was disgusting. Then I tried it and it tastes great.
Fantastic service.  The employees are always very attentive.  All sandwiches and nuggets are perfect.  Hard to find better fried chicken.
Horrendous! Having been in Arizona for 7-months I thought it was time to try Chick fil A. I ordered the Charbroiled Chicken sandwich and Chick fil A Waffle Fries. The order took about 2-minutes to arrive - which concerned me immediately because I ordered my sandwich without lettuce. I got to my table, opened the sandwich box and as soon as I touched the bun I could feel the moisture of it being in a microwave. I lifted the bun to expose 2 hideous looking slices of tomato, and a sickly looking piece of chicken. Okay, I'm at a fast food restaurant, and I'm not expecting a gourmet meal. I bite into the sandwich and it has all the taste of a piece of chicken that was made last night and then tossed into the microwave the next day. I took 3 bites and I was done. Moving to those things they call waffle fries... no taste whatsoever. Ate about 7 of them. My entire dining experience took less than 9-minutes inside Chick fil A and I will NEVER EVER try it again. I should have throw $7 in the trash.
Yes, I went to support this business. Had never tried one before. We were pleasantly surprised. Probably the best fast food I've had. Clean facility, English speaking employees, and a very decent meal for the price. We will go back.
Great service, consistent, and never disappointing.  You can't get that from any other "fast food" restaurant.
The best chicken and pretty healthy I've ever had! Service is the bomb! I respect a Christian company that stands up for God!
This has become our go to place for fast food. Beats the heck out of any burger place and the employees are great.
Great service!
Las Vegas is Chick-Fil-A deficient. It was guaranteed that when we visited Phoenix that we were going to catch Chick-Fil-A's act.

  When we had to park in the adjacent shopping center because the parking lot was full, it was an omen that we were going to eat in a four star fast food restaurant.

  Chick-Fil-A is a four star restaurant specializing in everything chicken. Their chicken nuggets and chicken sandwiches are at the top of the fast food chicken totem pole. Unlike many McDonald's you can serve yourself to the chicken sauces. There is none of that "25 cents for a third sauce" stuff. It is not just the chicken. Chick-Fil-A also serves delicious waffle fries.

  Leaving Chick-Fil-A, the same thought hit me when I left their Chicago location, "Why don't they open a restaurant in Las Vegas?"
We love this place! The spicy chicken sandwich is the best!
Let me start by saying that I don't go to fast food restaurants. Like, at all. This is purely the effect of my current San Francisco metropolitan lifestyle, as cliche as that may be.

However, a few coworkers insisted that I at least try this fine establishment. So to cross an item off my fast-food bucket list, I caved. (Still haven't been to Wendy's and Jack-in-the-Box, fingers crossed...).

The food was exactly as you'd expect, a giant menu of chicken--fried and grilled and every way you can imagine. That is a positive thing though, because I'm usually underwhelmed by the quality of fast food when compared to their own pictures on the menu.

Brownie points for the great service (I'm told they have to say "my pleasure" when thanked for their service) and the fact that they use all-breast meat and peanut oil to make their nuggety deliciousness.

Chick-Fil-A might just be one of the few fast food restaurants that deserve a 4+ rating.

-----

Distinguishing factor: A genuine fast food joint that is truer to their image than their counterparts.
Clean, great food, and a great family restaurant. I like to go as an adult, but I can take my niece and nephew for a day as well.
Not quite as good as the other one on Mayo, but still very deserving of the 4 stars - I'd rate it 4.5 if I could. The only difference here was no one cleared our table and no offers for refills. However, they did give me an extra Diet Dr. Pepper!

Place was clean throughout, staff was friendly and welcomed us to the place! 

I haven't ever had bad Chick-Fil-A no matter where I go!
Love the chicken sandwich. Always hot and tasty!
CHICK-FIL-A IS AWESOME.  I absolutely love this place. The food is awesome and my quote for you is "eat mor chicken"
Love Chic Fil A & love this location. Food is always great, the staff are super friendly & my daughter loves meeting her friends here to eat & play. The waffle fries are a huge hit with everyone & I think it is awesome they give out balloons to the children .... the only possible way to entice them away from the play area & home! My favorite menu item is the chicken wrap dipped in their delicious spicy sauce : )
I like chick fil a. It's always tasty! 
But the reason I'm giving this chick fil 5 starts, it's because of the people that work here! Not ONCE have I walked into this one and come across a person unhappy!!! Last night when I went through the drive thru everybody was sooooooooooooooo happy and made my night!
Thank you all for being amazing & awesome! The people that work here are why I will keep coming back to this location!
Chick fil a is a great spot for a freshly made, quickly served chicken lunch or dinner. Although not a fan of the standard chicken, the spicy chicken items are the best around. Waffle fries are always great, and the buffalo sauce would suit me in a cup with a straw.  Amazing sauce!
I don't really get all the hype over this place.I do like that their chicken is real. I only go here because my little toddler buddy pretty much only eats ketchup with a side of french fries and chicken nuggets. Other then that, I think their items are very salty. The staff here is great and efficient. I was here during the lunch rush and the place was very clean and well stocked in the condiments zone.
I love me some chick-fil-a.  Their waffle fries are the bomb and their chicken sandwiches are so delicious and juicy.  I love their Polynesian sauce on top of everything!  I also love their great customer service.  They seem genuinely happy to work there.
One of the best fast foods out there.
Best place to eat in Raintree shopping center! Excellent service-- smiling and happy people. When you eat in, they take your trays and ask you if you need a refill. Fast drive thru-- awesome market salad!
Love their waffle fries, it's the only reason I go there often.  Yummy food and great service.  Can't go wrong.
I love this place. I have been going here since I was a kid back in Ohio.  Everything is good on the menu. I wish they could come up with a way to keep the waffle fries warm longer. :-) People are always nice there who serve you. ALWAYS. It's most weird.  But nonetheless appreciated.  Which it was open on Sundays, but that's the Southern Baptist culture, and again, respected. Glad they are popping up everywhere.
Food is always excellent and they have the best honey mustard! I really loved the waffle potato fries, so basically they are not as cheap as most of the fast food around here, but the price worth it. the employees are always so friendly. clean and yummy! love the lemonade too!
Had the cool wrap.  Tasted good for fast food.  While I was eating, I looked up the ingredients and nutrition.  Whatever happened to just plain food?  There are so many additives in the wrap.  Because of this, I would come back very seldom. Unfortunately, this chain purports to be healthy food.  I encourage anyone who eats here to check the ingredients in their choices before ordering.
The worst customer service.   Very unorganized at the cash register.   Waited over 15 minutes for food.  The employees socialize with customers rather than provide service.  Never coming here again when I can drive up the road and be served the correct way.
Best chicken around!  So fresh and flavorful!  and the customer service is OUTSTANDING!
This location has fantastic customer service! I just stopped by to pick up a large office order and they had my order ready to go in about 10 minutes! Over the phone, the gentleman took my order and labeled all the peoples name and bagged them separately which made it very convenient. When I got to the restaurant I was greeted kindly and talked to an employee who was extremely nice. Thank you for the outstanding service Chick-Fil-A!
Standard food as with all locations. It was the service that ruined it when the order taker became so frustrated by me not wanting the drink that came with the kids meal. He was flustered and rude like I was inconveniencing him because we had our own water. It's 110 degrees out. 

Anyway, at least it was clean and the food filled us up.
McDonald's drive-thru is the girl who's in her pajamas and in for the night but decides she wants a Manhattan and realizes she is out of ice's best friend. $1 for an 8 lb. bag (2 for $1.50) and you don't even have to get out of the car!!
This is the worst McDonalds i have ever been to. (period)

Actually I go there quite often, and every time I have been there the food always has dries up particle of mustard ketchup and other food items.
I don't think i have ever been inside this restaurant and I'm 99.9% sure i never want to. 
I went through the drive thru and some "estpido extranjeros ilegales" were deliberately switching mics and speaking Spanish then switching back and laughing while trying to take the order.
This place is more miss than hit, I stop by here for breakfast on rare occasions and the food usually comes out more than slightly mangled.  

The food is usually edible and the customer service at the window is always friendly.  I've never had the experiences that Phoenician C has but I will admit that this can be one of the lower end McD's that I've been to in this town.

Curse you McGriddle!!!
Another filthy Mc nasty. The ice machine had no ice and and the girl taking my order seemed pretty slow and there was a ton of purple smoothie on the counter where I placed my order. So I asked the manager for some sauce besides ketchup for my fries and he states the sauce is usually .15 and acts like he's hooking me up...I tell him we're even for the ice situation. Anyways, with the playland in its current condition,  this place is doomed to be an accident waiting to happen.
Umm, Ok its fast food three stars dare i give it four.  Midwest Does not Have the option for Jack-N-The Box, anyways i do have something to write home about,  Not to self the Jack-N-The Box Breakfast is not just served all day but great,  I'm sold by the little pancakes drenched in syrup then popped into my mouth. How fun.

Thanks Mr Jack-in-the Box I like the commercials.
I've been coming here for almost two years. The people who work the drive thru are always very nice. I used to work fast food when I was a teenager: I know how AWFUL drunk customers (sober ones too!) can be so I'm all the more impressed that the crew of this store has such dignity and poise. Bravo.

The food is always made when I order it, so my burgers and fries are hot and tasty. 

Living around the corner has its perks, so I'll be back.

Thank you to everyone at this store for awesome service!
The ladies that were working today
Were almost skeptical after I used
2 coupons like the coupons were
Fake or something so this is where
My issue is 
1 uninformed employees
2 as I ordered they never asked
   Was there anything else so they
   Just kept telling me the price when 
   I wasn't done ordering 
3 They didn't bother to ask me was it for
   Here or to go until they had it all together
4 just all around inept customer service
So I'm on my way out of town to visit family in california and I am a little low of gas and figure I better fill up before heading out. At the M casino near the edge of Vegas I see they have a gas station pretty much connected to the place. Noticing the Jack connected to the place I figure what the hell and decide to grab an early lunch. 

The place is obviously brand new, the whole building is sparkling clean and everything is shiny. Nice photos all over the place from what I can only assume are old Jack commercials, very tasteful. They even have something that I have never seen at any other Jack, a cool new kiosk where you can order food without having to actually talk to anyone. Cool little device, but not all the necessary given how friendly the staff were. 

Food was pretty good, got a sirloin burger with a side of egg rolls (god I love those egg rolls). The egg rolls were a little over done but piping hot and I got everything extremely fast. All in all a good meal and good service with an excellent location just as you are entering or leaving Vegas. Gas was fairly cheap, food service was quick, and the employees were friendly.
Who doesn't love Jack in the box after a long night of alcohol? It's right next to the freeway. You can order breakfast anytime and its quick and painless.
Ok I kid you not, the people who take your order at this place are hilarious. I have NEVER seen them in a bad mood, it's trippy! You know you have good management when...

I gave this 4 stars though, because they messed up my order. =) No tomatoes and mayo, does not mean no lettuce and bacon & leave the tomato while you're at it...   hahah it's alright, ill still go there anyway, they make me laugh
We frequently visit this Jacks on way home. This time after I hard days work, they seemed a bit busy and took longer than normal. The car in front of me, placed an order and I guess couldn't wait and decided to leave. This jacks had a way out before you get to window. When I pull up to window, she gives me a total which wasn't mine. I tell her that wasn't my order and I wasn't sure if she swiped my card yet. So I tell her my order was 28 dollars and not 7! I get home with dinner and we all eat. My wife decides to check our account and asked me what else did I order? I had my receipt of 28.80. I been back here twice to get a refund of 7.56! And manager wasn't there. I'm getting the run around, and we probably will not be visiting this jacks anymore.
Avoid. These guys have yet to get my order right after 3 visits. Nothing exciting either. Hamburger with catsup. Every time there's something wrong. I'll get a burger with everything, burger with mustard, chicken sandwich...  Definition of Durp. Their receipts print the taunting statement of "Concerns please call" and no number.
Bought me a large strawberry lemonade...I should've gotten a medium.  It was really good though.  Ordered large fries.  I thought I'd eat some and save some for later.  Nope, I ate the whole thing at one sitting; the fries were too healthy and not that great.  I asked the cashier for a handful of ketchup.  She told me I couldn't.  Turned out to be a mean joke lol.  And Vegas food prices are ridiculously expensive.
Oh geesh!  Where to begin. The girl was on her cell phone and all I could think of was "Gurrrrl F*** this job". I ordered a jr bacon cheeseburger to hold me over for dinner and it took 20 min. Insane!!!!  I should've got a frosty cone and called it a day. Not to mention the woman to the side of me kept coughing without covering her mouth. ALL reasons I dislike large crowds, especially at the mall. Bunch of mongaloids work here. I shouldn't be so mean, but Christ on a cracker. At least the woman on her cell phone apologized about the long wait. Now that's GREAT customer service. 
Less talky and more communication would be even better.
I've been visiting this Wendy's for many years.

I go around eating at many places in the mall. This is one of my favorite places! I visit them frequently.


Most of the staff already knows my order. I am treated very well with every visit.

The quality of food is very equal to any other Wendy's location. 

I've never had bad service at this location. All the employees are friendly, & efficient. 

There are some negative aspects to visiting this location. The prices are higher than any location I've ever visited. Another bad thing is 99% of the time they don't have trays, so you get your food in a bag, even if you're dining in.

It's a great place to get a meal, at a reasonable price, if you're staying in the area.
Panda express is about as far away from "authentic" Chinese food as you can get but they have a few items that I just crave.

My favorite meal is Orange chicken, Beijing beef, and chow mein. If I don't have these for a while I really start to crave them. Other than the occasional order of potstickers that's all I like. The rest of the dishes I've tried have been just so-so in my opinion.

If you've seen one of their restaurants you've seen them all.

The things I have always disliked about Panda is they make you ask for soy sauce and napkins and they dole them out very sparingly. Nothing like asking for extra napkins and the guy hands you ONE. Gee thanks
Let's face it, the Galleria at Sunset is not breaking any records in its selection of restaurants. Unless you want to mimic Frogger and risk life and limb to venture to a nearby restaurant then the Panda is one of the better options here.

  This Panda shares a food court with fast food icons including McDonald's, Subway, Orange Julies, and Sbarro. Regardless that the two item meal and medium Pepsi beverage is nearly $9, the price is at home in this food court. The $9 price does bring up a slight complaint. I notice that the shrimp and agnus steak (not the one in a steak house; pepper steak kind) is $1 extra. For the $9 price for a fast food meal, there is zero reason to add $1 to shrimp and agnus steak. 

  Sitting in the food court of a regional mall, there are groups of teenagers and children hanging out. The result is a high noise level. When I am in the mood to relax, this is not the place to enjoy eating out.

   As long as the Galleria at Sunset has a mediocre selection of restaurants and I do not to play a real life game of Frogger risking life and limb visiting a nearby restaurant; I could return to the Panda if I am in the mall and hungry.
I love a good freebie and today I enjoyed the firecracker chicken small entree free. This location was quick service and the chicken was very good. Its a spicy dish and I loved the veggies. 
Panda has consistently tasty food and  its reasonably priced.  As long as they keep sending the freebie coupon,  I will be a Panda devote.
Apparently las Vegas does not have tacos at there burger king. I stood in line and when it was my turned I ordered 4 tacos and the girl looked at me as though I was crazy. She did not know what I was talking about, I told her tacos, you know like in jack in the box and she responded " we don't have tacos, try a Mexican restaurant". I couldn't believe she was so rude. However, I notice that las Vegas restaurants don't carry alto of the stuff restaurants in California do.
The French fries were wonderful, once I received them!  I did the drive through and when I pulled up I noticed the girl who was taking money was preparing my food. Who knows how much money she touched before touching my fries!!  I very politely asked for a new order of fries, they had a girl put gloves on and give them to me with a smartass grin on her face...  So inappropriate!!  I am entitled to be served clean food!!  A call will be made to management!
went Fri.nite at about 10:30 guy at the window sounded like lurch thru the intercom, very extremely dis-interested, being a medical worker, once I got up to the window noticed he was either high as a kite on downers, or coming down with a bad case of the flu,hoing for the latter, got home 5 mins. later had to sling eveything in the garbage, fries were stale, whopper was gross, fish sandwich was hard as a rock, I think they micro-waved everything I ordered. never again, I am contacting the company
Just down the street. Not much to be expected cause it's fast food. Mostly go through the drive thru. Gotta say I do like the Cinnabons they sell there now.
I love this burger king location it's not far from my house and the quality of food is sort of hit or miss but it's still good for what it is and the customer service is pretty good each time I come here.
I am assuming this is the McDonalds that is located in the Plaza Hotel and Casino. If so, I would like to paste a snippet of my review of the Plaza here and say again, the service at this McDonald's is SUPERB: 

One other thing that really has nothing to do with the Plaza but wanted to mention. One day I was in line at McDonald's to get an iced tea. There was a man in front of me and then a man in a wheelchair being waited on. He looked to be pretty down and out (something you see whether downtown or on the strip) and was ordering some breakfast. I  heard the cashier say $4 something and I saw him put a dollar on the counter...I thought, uh-oh, she'll have to tell him not enough and wonder how he'll react,....well, he had put up a bunch of change and then I though the cashier would get ticked about having to count it all. I was so very wrong...she was so kind and so patient...counted it out and then told him he needed a few cents more so he gave her a dime and then she said, now I owe you a penny...with a big smile on her face. I am sad to say that her behavior just shocked me....I am so used to everyone being rushed and treated rudely...it has become so commonplace...as though we have to pay to be treated like decent human beings...and here this man paid for his coffee and food with change and was treated with extreme patience and kindness. It just really made me so happy and was one of the highlights of my stay in Vegas. I went to that McDonald's several times during my stay and the service was excellent every single time.
I came here last June when I visited the historical Fremont St. for the first time. Can't really remember the service but it definitely wasn't bad for the amount of customers there.

I guess you can't really complaint though, it is Vegas after all and it's right at the entrance of a god damn casino.

But I think me and my Dad ordered some type of burgers and then came back when we got a coupon for a free new smoothie thing they had that came with our large soda.

The smoothie was excellent and I would definitely order another one some time.

But the only reason for this Mickey D's getting 1 star off, is simply because of the crowd/rowdiness.
Yuck.  Service and food both deplorable. 

How do you make McDonalds worse than it already is?  Shove it inside a low budget casino and employ nothing but hood rats.  

the one star is for it being cheap and quick when hammered inside the Plaza.  At that point diarrhea really isn't a beg deal.
Why would anyone go to this place, when there are a literally a million other places to go? Why would anyone bother to write a review? Whats there to review? The card board tasting imitation beef? or the reconstituted chicken packed in to what they call a nugget or is it that you love your food to have a sir name; mac muffin, mac nuggets, mac ribs, mac chicken how about mac caca or mac poo poo.  Enjoy.
This place is funny!

They literally have a sign on the wall that says you can only sit and eat for a max of 20 mins!  So I hope you are hungry!!!
It's McDonalds. I'm going to assume we all have a handle on the food quality. But you go there for fast food. I mean, they practically invented the space. So if you want McDonalds and you want to eat at the Plaza, head to the one at the D hotel, order out and bring it back. You'll save yourself about 20 minutes of aimlessly loitering in the Plaza lobby. It's happened to me twice now. Never again.
Food Poisoning being served at the McDonalds here.  When I called to notify them, the manager at McD's tried to tell me that they would be more than  happy to offer me anything else I wanted to eat.  ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!? You really think I want to eat your food again??
This is the worst KFC I have ever been to. It is the closest one to my house, so sometimes I come here to satisfy my chicken craving. But I try to avoid it at all costs. There have been several incidences where I've had to wait 10+ minutes for my food at the drive-thru. That is completely unacceptable for a fast food joint. The first time it happened, I gave them the benefit of the doubt because it was particularly busy that day. But it happened again, then again, then again... They have also cut down their menu tremendously. I used to be a big fan of their Honey BBQ wings. Now they don't even offer any sauces for their wings. This place is not worth your time.
This is Possibly the worst KFC in las vegas,.. Been here a few times thinking it was just a bad day for them but no.. Stay away from here if you want KFC..  Cold food stale biscuits and a girl that's been smoking weed or on some kind of medication at the register..
I don't eat here but my girls need a little KFC fix every once and awhile. This location is close to my house so that is where I take them. could use a little fixing up inside and let's be honest it is KFC. Sometimes girls get chicken that should have been tossed but for the most part they are happy with their food.
It's always a challenge to review a fast food chain.  I am not going to go into KFC thinking it's going to be gourmet cuisine.  I go into KFC with this mind set:  

1.) I have to feed the family and don't want to spend  a lot of money.  
2.) I need something convenient and fast.  

This is how it goes.  You can only eat Hamburgers for so long.  Now I am talking when we need to grab a quick meal after work because we don't have time to cook.  KFC does a great job of providing this alternative quick meal option.  So like I said earlier a fast food place is what it is.  I am in and I am out.  This particular KFC is actually pretty clean so that's always a plus.  So the next time you need to feed the family quick and cheap pick up some chicken and sides and don't forget the honey for the biscuits!  Cheers!
This was my 2nd time at this particular KFC. The first time was fine, but this time around...I waited about 7-8 minutes for my food! They were behind on the sides or something...and I'm not sure if this is normal for KFC or it's just this particular location, but the food was ...unsatisfying. 

I was disappointed with the amount of salt used to season the chicken. I couldn't taste anything but salt, salt and more salt. 

The cole slaw was a bit old and overly sweet. Overall a very bad meal that I will remember long enough to avoid KFC. I'd rather have chicken at McDonald's.
Went through drive-thru.   Took a little bit of time, but they got me what I wanted.  Wasn't asked if I needed ketchup or anything else though and they didn't throw in utensils.  Thank goodness I wasn't going to a park or something with my bucket of dippin' greasy lardness goodness.

Of course, my GPS told me that the one on Silverado was closer to me, and then I find out that there's one right off of Eastern close to Anthem.  Damn you Garmin.

The one other thing that completely threw me off was that if you turn into the area from the side of grocery store, it looks like a 1-way outward.   Which makes no sense at all since there's an entrance to KFC on that side.
I cheat one night a week on my diet, & Im so disappointed I chose KFC last night... Never Again! Check your order before driving away, the staff forgot 2 of our sides we paid for which I guess ended up for the best considering the rest of our order tasted disgusting. Such a waste of $30 & our time! We should've just went to Chili's....
Nothing is worth a one star but this place is pretty close. Terrible service they always mess up the order AND they are rude. One time i even got a piece of chicken that was solid rock hard like it was days old. I do not recommend this place. STAY AWAY!!!!
I frequent this drive thru often. Fast and friendly during lunch. Food matches its price point. I rock the $5 lunch menu.
This place has got soooooo horrible. I can't wait for my kids to no longer like kfc. They just charged me $1.19 for 2 cups for water for my kids. I guess they want kids to have sugat drinks and get diabetes.
Holy crap! This place is is SLOW! I think traveling a greater distance will be better than the stress of ever coming here again.
Absolutely horrible service ! They always get my order wrong and the employees are rude. I recommend not visiting this location get some pollo loco from down the street.
I know it is a fast food place, and that it is hard to write a review on fast food.... so here goes!

This was truly one of the most frustrating fast food experiences ever! I decided on KFC as a quick dinner option.... so much for fast food and a quick option! By the time I got my food it was 21 minutes later! My receipt showed I paid at 6:57p- I did not leave the establishment until 7:18p!

I pulled into the drive thru and ordered one famous bowl- with the gravy on the side (so that it wouldn't get to soggy by the time I got home) the girl repeated my order and it was correct, so I proceeded to the window to continue the transaction and receive my food- when I got to the window the girl took my card and then mentioned it would be about six minutes for my food, and I said ok- she then completed the monetary transaction and asked me to pull around to the front to wait and she would bring it out when it was ready- so I did- only to see her leaving for her shift to go home ten minutes later- so I wanted another 5 before going in to check on my order- I was then ignored by three different workers to then be asked by another yelling from the back of the kitchen with an attitude "can I help you!?"- I said that I was coming in to get my order and had my receipt- she then proceeded to get the order, and handed it to- I checked the bag, and noticed that the gravy was on the dish- so I mentioned that I had ordered it on the side- she seems a lil annoyed and they went to re-make it.... Another girl brought it back with a very dismissive attitude.

I know that it is a fast food place, but as a fellow human I have never received such bad courtesy from other people!

If you want KFC- I highly recommend another location!
Hey @KFC, I'm convinced that this is the worst KFC in Vegas, if not the world. Look at how many one star reviews this location has! I should have checked with Yelp to spare myself from the horrendous meal I just experienced.

For the record, I don't cheat on my diet often but when I do, I expect it to be both good and worth it. Not too much to ask for I don't think. After trying to go to another restaurant only to find out they were closed due to a family emergency, I wound up here. And now I'm so grossed out so much that I think I'm never coming back.

Don't go to this franchise! Whoever owns this place must be cheap and prefers to scam people instead of doing the right thing. Rather than saying they're out of gravy, they instead presented me with gravy that was the consistency of water and tried to pass that off as the real thing.

May I present you with Exhibit A? https://vine.co/v/MxbPj22t6Pl

Your honor, I rest my case.

As a last resort, I tried it hoping that at least the flavor was still there but unfortunately my gut instinct was correct. Indeed it was watered down gravy along with watered down flavor. Or maybe a disgruntled employee took a whizz in it. Who knows?! All I know is that it was disgusting! My wondering about what I had just ingested ruined my whole meal & appetite for a long time. As a result, I didn't finish eating and threw everything away. A complete waste of money as well as calories!

The manager, Jesus, was unhelpful and didn't seem to care. Overall an awful fast food experience that probably has ruined me for KFC for life. It was so bad that it inspired my very first negative fast food review. Congrats guys... this 1's for you!
Peppermint mocha is yummy!
I know you are probably wondering how a McDonald's can get a four star rating and to be quite honest I'm thinking the same thing. However, I will explain. I've been here numerous times, as it is convenient and an easy way to grab a quick meal or pretty good iced coffee. Usually there is a lenghty line at the drive through, but it always seems to go quick. Our lastest visit was no exception. After getting a sample of the Mighty Wings earlier in the day, I had made up my mind early to grab some for dinner. I was simply amazed, as they were much better than I could ever have imagined. A three piece will cost you three bucks, but they get less expensive as you buy in bigger quantity. When we got to the window, we were asked to pull off to the side, as the wings were not done yet. We waited only a short time before our wings came out hot and fresh. We were given a coupon for a free order of fries on our next visit, as a result of having to wait. They have offered a coupon every time we have had to wait, which cannot be said for other establishments. I would highly recommend the Mighty Wings and give high praise to my local Mickey D's for the fast, friendly service during the dinner rush.
Great crew, and super fast service. Bicyclist friendly too! This McDonald's is also the cleanest I've ever been in. If I lived closer, this would be my regular spot.
Arby's is always awesome, this location is in the heart of the St. Rose/Eastern huge shopping area that covers pretty much every dining and minor shopping option you can think of.

Little disappointed in the service time, obviously it's considered a fast food place, but this was the opposite of fast. There was a mini rush right before we went in tonight, and usually you can get your food in about 3-4 minutes. Tonight took over 10-12 minutes and there were only two small families in front of us, and what upset me the most was that a lady and her son that came in right after we ordered (finally) and got their food before the family in front of us. How does that make sense? From listening in and knowing what me and my lady got, none of us ordered any special items. Hell, pretty much all you can get is roast beef sandwiches and french fries, their menu is not that extensive. 
Food was on par, the sandwiches are what I expect and we destroyed us some arby sauce. I'm sure it was just a minor problem that tonight went so poor, but hey I review my experience. If I go back and it's better or worse I'll then update
To the jerk who was working last night 4/11/13, try working until 11 pm like the hours indicate. I got to the drive thru at 10:35 and wanted to order giant roast beef sandwiches but this lazy @ didn't want to take any more orders. I waited 10 min, circled around again, saw 3 more cars get denied, then I finally left at 10:45.  I saw his ass inside too.  They are Supposed to close at 11pm.  As you can see, when I'm hungry, I want my dam food NOW.
The general manager Becky at this location is very rude! I showed her an online coupon that did not state one per customer (clearly Arby's fault! ) and she was clearly pissed off at me. Slamming stuff around an yelling to the other workers "I knew this was going to happen" I do not normally eat here and this was their one shot at potentially gaining me as a regular customer but no thanks to Becky I won't be returning even for free food! Horrible customer service training Arby's!! This is your management???
I have been a loyal Arby's customer for 20+ something years and this is the worst Arby's.  They are always polite but the food is always awful!  I have gone back 5 times now and keep HOPING the next time will be better, but it never is.  Sadly, I will not go back.  What happened Arby's?  Hoping I can find another one close by.
I freakin love Arby's, but this has to be the worst one in town! Every time I go to this one, something is messed up or forgotten. Missing sauces/dressing, charged for a beef and cheddar, but no cheddar, cold fries, mozzarella sticks overcooked so it's just a hollow tube of breading, wrong drinks, etc. This place is only worth it since it is the closest Arby's for my roast beef cravings. Management needs to do something!
I've been disappointed with this place more times than not.  The fries are often cold and the beef just doesn't taste that fresh and the sandwich is put together sloppy.

Because of this store I've had to give up Arby's in Vegas.
I am an assistant manager at another arbys in California so I know the ins and outs of arbys.  Let me tell you that this particular "restaurant" is a disgrace to all other arbys.  The workers act like they don't want to be there.  They look at you like they want to spit in your face.  They talk to you like you are a nuisant and is bothering them.  They frequently miss items on your order unless you watch them like a hawk and correct their mistake.  I was served by a "crew manager" (probably) last week and I got the same experience.  No wonder the employees also behave this way.  I can tell you not all arbys are the same and this location should be shut down.
First time at this one and I get my cup and go fill up my drink only to find an ant in my drink. Restaurant looked fairly clean and all but I just can't stand finding stuff in my drinks or food but the food was fresh and out in a reasonable time.
Horrible service via drive thru. Guy was completely rude. I love Arbys but this might make me not.
Ran through the drive thru this morning. Why cant I find anyone in America who speaks English anymore? Spent 5 minutes at the box trying to order, surprisingly they actually got the order right after numerous (and I mean numerous) corrections because they a no comprende. I refuse to speak Spanish in this Country. Thank God for those monitors outside to make sure they get it right. Other then that the order was correct, hot & tasty. I like the Ultimate Breakfast sandwiches and had the hankerin for one.
I like Jack in the box.  I occasionally buy an order of tacos and share 1 with my dog (he loves them LOL)  I love their fish sandwich but it never seems to stay on their menu (it's only a promotional type item for some reason)  

I just tried their new waffle breakfast sandwich and it was very yummy.

Their food is always made fresh to order, ALWAYS hot.  I've never had a problem at this location or anywhere else.
I am a regular customer of this jack in the box. 

The employees are nice and friendly. 

The restaurant is usually clean on the inside. However, they have a major problem with the vagrants using the facilities. These people come in off the street with their own cups, then proceed to rob the store bye taking free soft drinks. 

How much contamination of the drinking area is done during this process? 

I've notified Jack in the Box management several times things improve, then the problem comes back.

Beware of the drink a area it may be contaminated? 
I would give this Jack in the Box four stars except for this problem.
This place is awesome... the staff is awesome and the food is always fresh cooked and they have never got my order wrong. Great place and a pretty good variety of food... even though fast food, still pretty good!
Heading home, I made a quick stop here to pick up a McFlurry for dessert.  Service was prompt, the restaurant was clean, and about the only thing to diminish my enjoyment of the McFlurry was the woman talking on her cell phone at about 120 decibels.  After a few strategic glares from me, she took it outside.

I generally don't stop at thisMcDonald's, but given the circumstances and the fact I was heading home, it made a good place to get dessert!

And, there's free wifi.
I went into this Mc Donalds bec there was 12 cars in the drive thru and when I got inside.. it was complete chaos !! It took 4 people to fig out how to work the register, while the fry machine was beeping beeping beeping .... One girl was texting on her cell phone and with 5 people in line, the young inexperienced manager went and sat down in the rest. and got on phone.  They were rude and it was unacceptable !! Horrible service and products !!
Came here with my husband and my daughter. While giving my order (with my family next to me), the MANAGER named Ricardo, kept WINKING at me. Yes, the manager. Not once but many times. 

it took everything in me to calm my husband down and not let him deck the guy. I told my husband that I would report it. 

Getting home, I called and reported the situation to corporate. they said I would receive a call from someone immediately.

Tori, the district manager called me the next day and gave me the lamest excuse Ive ever heard. Her exact words were, "Well, he does that to everyone, its just who he is. I mean, he even winks at me all the time and I'm not eve a pretty woman." Um, okay?! How does this make it right. i was furious and told her so. She continued to defend his actions saying he does it all the time. Excuse me, but I was a manager at a restaurant once upon a time and 1. winking is considered sexual harassment. 2. Its not appropriate for him to do that to a customer and definitely not his boss, the district manager. If he is allowed to do that and get a way with it, I can't imagine what he does to the female workers under him.

Called corporate again and yet, again nothing done. Not even an apology.

Used to come here all the time for a happy meal for my little girl but now i will NEVER come back to this mcdonalds and maybe never give another mcdonalds a chance. This situation made me sick and uncomfortable.
I don't like giving bad reviews, but this is the WORST McDonalds EVER. This isn't a one time thing either, constant mistakes, wrong orders (and I'm not altering my order in any way)...seriously? How hard is it to just get it right?!!!
So when I checked in here, there was a wait at the drive thru and I was looking over reviews and I couldn't imagine a McDonald's being THAT bad. Well.. It was. No pickles on my burger, my drink had no ice and wasn't full, and the fries were lukewarm at best. Next time I'll be headed to the location on buffalo and flamingo.
They are getting better instead of everytime messing my order its almost everytime I go inside everytime now because if you go through the drive through theywil mess your order up....this lady a few days ago was so confident she got my order right she watched me go through my bag (like i did somethin wrong) and praised herself on gettin the order right but  YOU DIDNT!!! my onions were still wrong after "ya ya i got this" but you didnt cuz you were to busy with something else and not listening....I really believe everyone in this location severly puffs the ganga b4 work  cuz they can never get it! Not that i blame them BUT i still pay for it so GET IT TOGETHER!!!!
There's always a line when I go to this McDonalds. I usually go through drive-thru and service is normal, but wait time is LONG. I come here when I'm desperate and don't' know what else to eat.
Every time I go to this McDonald's I order my food, they give it to me, and then I eat it.
Pulled in. Said my order. The guy completely butchered it and treated me like I was a stupid idiot for ordering an iced latte! Screen showed wrong so I tried to correct him. No answer for a solid 4 min of sitting there. Then he rudely says are you going to pull up? From there... Didn't charge the right amount and was more concerned with talking about a party with this guy behind him. From there... I pull up (wrong order).... Ask for what I ordered and got the wrong thing again. Props to the girl at the second window apologizing and so on but still c'mon 1 freAking iced latte!!!
The employees here totally love their jobs; I can tell. They are just so enthusiastic about working at McDonalds and they just can't contain it. If they were in a Disney movie, there would be one heck of a musical number about it.

Alright, not really. But they work at McDonalds. Can you really blame them for being blas about it?

The wait in the drive thru is almost always pretty long. The food is standard McDonalds food. I haven't had any issues with my order being incorrect.
I watched this place as well as everything along durango by the park go up. i remember when it used to be a dirt lot. 

Great location. SUPER convenient when need a fast and quick bite. Chevron is right there attached as well. 

Out of the many years its been open, i've only had 1 issue and it was so long ago, i dont remember what happened. I just remember they gave me more food as an apology.. Haha. 

Drive thru usually pretty fast.
These people want us to raise min wage to 15 an hour when they can't get a simple order right and then argue about it ? You can't even do the basic essentials of a simple task. You put in the order and give the customer what they paid for. Not argue with them. This is why they won't raise your pay because you can't do your job right. You get paid what you put in.
We have frequented this restaurant for a few times, but today was the last!  As Kathy R. explains, the place is very dirty, food is less than mediocre and the staff is not professional.  There were no napkins or forks without asking, and the malt vinegar, which is a must for fish and chips, was split among several bottles, (all with a greasy feeling) and if totaled would not have equaled a tablespoon.  I would not invite ANYONE there for even a free meal!!!
Son and I wondered in here.  This isn't exactly our hood, but we were near by for my daughter's soccer practice.  The staff person came immediately to ask us what we wanted.  We were only there for root beer floats, but when son saw some of the other treats, he couldn't make up his mind.  He had a polar (something), like a blizzard.  I had a large A&W root beer float.  We were served quickly.

Place didn't look terribly clean, like the other reviews report.  But I saw the staffer wash her hand before touching food, so can't be too bad.  Parking is slightly retarded, tho.
Terribly slow and incompetent service. There was a line when I got there, with only one person serving food and taking orders/payments. It took forever for me to finally get to place my order, the manager came up a few times to help the girl find certain buttons or whatnot on the register, but then would always disappear. 

I waited quite a long time for my food, and watched as half of my order was prepared - then the cashier started taking the order for a large family - while my food sat there getting cold. She couldn't find things on the register - again - so the manager came up to help. I pulled the manager aside and told her I wanted my money back, since it had taken so long, and after all that waiting ... my food was sitting there just getting cold instead of being delivered. She NEVER apologized, she just said that the girl was being trained. I told the manager that if the girl was being trained, someone else needed to be up there helping her. Again, no apology - just attitude from the manager as she went to another register to process my refund. 

I think her name was Monica, the manager. TERRIBLE terrible uncaring service, will NEVER return. (There were at least 3 people there but only one person - the trainee - working.)
I was getting out of work late, and I hate to be "that" person who is always at the store, or the restaruant when they are about to close.

I got there about 915/920, and the lobby is only open til 930, with the drive thru closing at ten. The girl who took my order through the speaker was kind, and patient.

It did take a good 8 minutes to get my food, but I understand that there are closing procedures that needed to be done. When I ordered, I asked for all the sauces, which I did end up getting....without asking again.

The hushpuppies were a little too done. But everything else was fine.
i don't know why jack in the box is hyped up so much, i blame george lopez for talking about them in his comedy skits.

bad
place was very small, dark, slow service. food was edible (barely), i kept spitting out my hamburger b/c the meat was chewy.

good
cheap

wasted a dinner in vegas here...FAYUL
Okay, so this spot is a little shady. I have seen crack heads meet in the bathroom to do drug buys, hookers and pimps, panhandlers, you name it.

It's all about the entertainment at this location for me. 

Okay, sometimes they are not the cleanest, nor the fastest when you are inside. However, drive thru is always good here. Minus when they give me 1 packet of taco sauce for when I order four tacos. I always, always ask for extra taco sauce at this location now.

So if you like the JIB food and don't mind people watching, then this is the spot for you!!
I was on the way to pick up a friend from the airport and my son and I were starving, knowing it'd be a long night, figured I should feed us before we get our friends. There was no line on the drive through, my food was made on order and we were on our way.

Oh how I wish pumpkin pie milk shakes where year round.
Worst JITB ever. Slow and rude employees.
Horrible maintainence inside. Spilled coffee partially cleaned up.  Missing ceiling tiles. Some places were empty holes where insulation could rain down on your food, other places the ceiling tiles were replaced with garbage bags and duct tape that was falling down. I threw most of my food away for fear of food poisoning. If it is that bad in the dining room, I can't imagine how bad the back kitchen is. Don't be fooled by the newly remodeled exterior.
My five stars are for the big smile I got this morning from the drive thru employee. He was so friendly. Made my day and surprised me because the usual drive thru faces I see are grumpy and impatient. It was refreshing to see someone so happy.
Another national chain spot that has no reviews. And with good reason. It's pretty pointless to review a McDonald's. That is, unless you want the FTR!

McDonald's to me is good for one thing--their dollar menu. I'm a sucker for the $1 McDouble and maybe some fries. On road trips, the $1 one-price-fits-all-sizes fountain drink is priceless. Unfortunately, not all McDonald's locations stick to this pricing structure, but this location certainly does.

I've never actually been inside, but their drive-thru has the nice face-to-face three-window system. I'm not sure you need that third window just for ordering, but whatever. It works.
It's McDonalds, what else do you want to hear from me?

Oh yeah, this place has a face-to-face drive thru.  You don't speak to some crappy little speaker but to an actual person when you place your drive thru order.
Good service, food orders are always spot-on, and it's quick to boot.  For McDonald's, that seems to be extraordinary!

But seriously, their Drive-Thru is 24/7 and since it's down the street from my house that's fabulous if I come home in the wee hours.  Or, if I need to grab a quick bite before I drink spirits.  ;)

There's one guy there that's always extra-friendly and actually checks my ID -- on the back of my card it says "See ID."  A+ to you, dude.

P.S. Fries have always been crazy fresh (and we all know that's the best thing about McD's!)
I go here so much that I'm starting to never want to go again. It's the closest and cheapest food place to my house.  It's cheap which I love and it's pretty good. It's McDonald's nothing special. Just cheap decent food when I need it. It's really fast too.
All I can say is this is the only McDonalds that charges you $1.20 for substituting sausage for bacon on the Big Breakfast. All they give you is one and a half slices!!
I don't understand why an intelligent human being would go to this place and consume the stuff that this place sells. It is of less quality than the stuff they feed inmates at that tent prison in Arizona...literally. What McDonalds does is take some low quality beef, add soy and other mixtures for filler, and then flavor it with addictive chemical flavorings that they make in a lab. Look into it if you don't believe me. 

I cringe when my kids want to go there. It's so foul and not to mention freaking expensive. It's totally unbelievable to me that people eat there!
While outside it is advertised as a 24 hour drive thru, I waited 15 minutes with no service.
A Sausage McMuffin with Egg costs $2.79 yet they charge $3.33 for 2? What kind of DoucheTarded sense does that make? Not everyone can eat 2. I felt sorry for the elderly gentleman next to me that was had to buy a second one and give it away because McDonald moronic prixing.
STAY AWAY FTOM MCDONALDS. I WILL NEVER GO TO ONE AGAIN!
Another rippoff but then what are the options for breakfast at 4am. As much as they charge for a Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit and 1 lityle 2-inch piece of Bacon. REALLY? This place sucks and I should have stsyed away. 
Make sure to count your change too!
The food...It's McDonald's.  I go to this location because of the shaded outdoor seating.  Unfortunately they only have two tables outside.
Mediocre at best. Quality of service is so mundane and unprofessional. I always come in to study since this McDonald's  seems like a nice and quiet place to study after-hours, but the associates here are loud, and sometimes get out of hand. You tend to overhear all the at-work drama and complaints of the workers. 

It's barely midnight and they apparently shut off their ice cream machine and don't tell you until you're ready to pay. Seriously, what McDonald's has their ice cream machine shut off? Oh and my apple pie was cold AF from sitting too long and previously over-browned from baking too long. How do they manage to do that?!

Two stars for having guests feel awkward during their dine-in and two stars for their inadequate system of delivering less than ok food.
This McDonald's is super clean and cozy since they did a complete renovation inside and out. Normally I would not take the time out to complete a Yelp review for this establishment however this location is really nice! It has that College lounge relaxing atmosphere that is welcoming for students and all who want some chill time. Nice comfy cushy black pleather chairs and small intimate tables, colorful art on the walls, easy to relax, eat, study, or use their wi-fi for Internet access.

All you can drink serve yourself fountain drinks are always a plus at McDonald's! The only thing is they do not keep the fresh brewed iced tea or sweet tea out like other locations do so you will have to ask for refills on that. 

The food is good and the staff is fast and ready to go with your order!
They recently remodeled this place and it looks awesome! The only concern I have is, the seating area. I came here for breakfast a few times and stand around for somewhere to sit down.....
Slow and rude at this location, poorly managed store.
The renovation is good but the best part is the change of management. It has made all the difference in the world. The orders are now coming out correct. Thanks for the changes
Wow never in a million years o would think I'll review a McDonald's BUT I had such a horrible experience at this very particular location literally few hours ago (07/28 12:10am-12:50am) when trying to order through the drive-thru, it fckn took them almost a fckn hour! I left before I even had a chance to order, I got so fed up and even 2 cars behind us left as well. What's even more frustrating is the idiot at the very last window (where u were supposed to make an order) was just casually talking to the first car in front of us for nearly 45 min, NOT even bothering to tell us whether there was something wrong because the wait was just too fckn long! Fck ur terrible service!!!
Great service!! The folks at counter were really friendly and the layout at this location was really nice (comfortable chairs with and decent LCD).
it's a toss up for this location and the one on the strip across from four seasons for worst McDonald's. every time I come to this location no matter what I order a large order for three or just a ice cream cone the wait time is horrible. sometimes you'll pull up to the speaker and it takes forever for someone to say anything and start taking your order. there's prob one or two workers in drive thru that do a ok job. I've had my order messed up here multiple times also
Worst service I have received.   When I got here around 545am there were 3 waiting and nobody up front.  There was 1 lady wearing a blue shirt who seemed to be doing EVERYTHING even though there were other employees working, she was the ONLY one with a sense of urgency to help guests!   English in here is a foreign language even in front of guests, they don't care.  The only bright spot to this place in the morning is the lady wearing blue and other times a very nice black man who came in at 6am, he is always pleasant and courteous.   NOBODY ELSE SEEMS TO GIVE A DAMN!!!
This place is an A&W/ Long John Silver's combo store so all your french fries taste like fish. They do have root beer on ice cold tap. Some of the items on the menu are ok, but most of time I leave disappointed. They do have a jukebox and lots of comfy boothes but its still fast food & its fish & burgers. Not the best but if your intoxicated it'll do.
Grr8 f@st f00d. S pee d srvice. A&W 2.

Smtimes wh-n U hyr unqualified people 2 run ur bizness they do not CONVERSATE co-rec-ly across the DRIVEUP ORDERING PLACARD but when u pull up 2 thuh DRIVEUP wind doe they cant be bothered 2 spek CLEARLY so they can be Un Der stood instead they want to talk about playing grabass and FORGET to put a FORK in the BAG and KETCHUP even tho I akksed fo' it!

The moral of this story: Hire Employees Who Represent The Image You Want The Public To See, and Fire The Lazy Ones.
I know it's not fancy, but I enjoy Long John Silver and A&W burgers. I get the fish and chicken platter from LJS and the bacon cheddar burger from A&W. I definately am addicted to the A&W root beer from the draft.
When I want a quick seafood fix, this is my spot. Only bad thing is, when I leave I feel like my arteries just clogged up.
Typical Long John Silver's fried chicken and seafood, but since it's attached to A&W, you can also get some root beer while you're here. Everything is fried in the LJS batter including the onion rings, which made them a little too salty for my taste. Service is fast here and my order was ready before I could finish filling up my drink. Only real downside was that a hobo walked in while I was there, asked for a drink cup and sat down mumbling to himself and sleeping at a booth...not sure why this was tolerated by the staff or allowed.
The food was really fresh and good however the building was really dirty and the bathrooms for filthy.  The dining room is dirty and there's no napkins or lids for the drinks.  The only way this place is open it's because the food is good the rest of the staff is lousy the dining room is lousy and everything else is dirty!
What are the chances of getting my money back?  I wanted to try your restaurant out for the first time. I had the 2 fish, 6 shrimp platter with rice. And the lobster bites. The lobster bites, fish, and shrimp were bland and greasy.  My fingers were literary greasy after picking up the food. The rice had zero flavor. The hush puppies were the most disgusting thing I've ever put in my mouth. Whatever fake butter that is used is horrible. It tasted like they were soaked in butter and then fried. The tarter sauce is sweet and the cocktail sauce has no kick to it. About 10 min after I had a few bites of each thing I literally vomited from all the grease and fake butter. I'm not sure why anyone would actually continue to eat this food. I would love to get my hard earned money back!
Ordered the cheese curds ($2) and the five piece dipping fish strips ($3) and somehow got a total of $7 with no explanation- and, after a ten minute wait during 5:00 rush, NO SAUCES with my order. 
That's right: no ketchup, no tartar sauce, nothing. 
All of this while the manager was standing by the register watching his staff working and chatting with them, but obviously not helping or correcting their mistakes.

Ate the curds and hated myself for it- they were super greasy and half of them were more crunch than cheese. Tried to eat a strip without any dipping sauces (seriously, how did NO ONE in the kitchen notice this?!), and gave up, tossing the order.

Never again. Grab chicken strips next door at Cain's, they have their act together even at midnight. And their sauce is delish.
Started the experience walking in and being told by the cashier that they were out of the onion rings as a side option.  Whatever; I ordered my L1 combo: 2fish/6shrimp.  Proceed over to get my beverage.  The condiment stand was filthy, the cocktail sauce pump and napkin dispensers were removed, leaving large holes.  The soda machine was out of diet root beer.  This is an A&W/mixed use venue...root beer is their trademark!  It was orange coming out and tasted like the orange soda.  I informed the cashier as he was handing me my order.  He said "no, it's just out".  So since I absolutely hate and cringe over diet Pepsi (the worst flavor in the world) I asked for some sweet & low packets for some fresh brewed iced tea...even pointing at the tea urns on the front counter.  He returns with Sweet & Sour packets.  I had to explain that I wanted the small pink paper packets of sugar-free sugar to sweeten up iced tea.  He responded with "OH, yeah, sorry, we're out of that too".  Upon seating at my table I noticed that my plate only had 1 piece of fish and the 6 shrimp.  Honestly, at this point I didn't even go back up since the math of counting up to 2 must be eluding them.  This was just a terrible visit.  I have been here several times before...never had a "great" visit...they are either mediocre or something such as this (this is my 3rd terrible encounter).
The fish is decent but the inside is very dirty and disgusting. When you come go drive thru and eat in the car it will be much better due to how dirty the place is. I will never eat inside again. Drive thru is the way to go.
This place has decent fish which is all I really ever get when I want some super greasy fish from a fast food place. The inside isn't that clean and the staff isn't very professional. The food from here is fresh most of the time, however you can sometimes taste the old grease. They need to change that stuff occasionally.
I was seriously considering giving this a 1 star rating, because I feel a two star rating is too generous. This is a Long John Silver / A&W multi branded restaurant. I am reviewing only the Long John Silver side of this business. Long John Silver's have been running a TV campaign promoting their Freshside Grille menu items. A friend from work and I decided to give it a try. I ordered the Grilled Pacific Salmon Platter and a medium drink and that came to $10.36. The Salmon portion was small, but I will admit, it tasted very good. The failure of this place came from the corn-on-the-cob that tasted like it had been boiled for 3 days and vegetables that were not warm. The soda fountain was a mess, and the tables were all dirty. We had to select the "least dirty" table to eat our meal. I don't recommend it place at all. There are plenty of fast food restaurants in the area and you don't need to settle for this.
Food is OK for fried fish and chicken planks, Staff are nice but seem under staffed each visit. Had to wait 5-6 minutes to place order. Drinks should come with combo meals but had to order drinks separately at a $1.69 each for two  regular drinks WOW!! Self serve condiments area seem messy and crowded with other customers. I prefer the prepackaged tarter and cocktail sauce, I think it is safer... A Popcorn shrimp and chicken plank platter cost $15.43 total  for two people. A little pricey I think.
Their shakes were good.
The place is very clean. Service was fast. They need to upgrade their type of fries.
So I stopped by to pick up some lunch today and wish I hadn't. I have worked in this area for over 3 years but have only stopped here twice. I remember why after the first time I didn't come back. I really just do not like A&W's burgers or fries. 

The fries were bland and I believe McD's or Carl's have better fries. The burger, well it was just bland. The flavor came from the "special" sauce (thousand island) on top. The cheese was not melted and just didn't work for me. 

The service was fast, but just like other drive-thru's, I could barely understand what the guy was saying. There was no one else in line but once I got up to the window, he was rushing to give me my food. It was just odd to me, especially since I was the only one!
During recent visits to Long John Silvers A&W on Windmill, I have experienced a greater attention to customer service. A few visits ago, I felt it necessary to call the manager about a visit. The manager did a great job over the phone and offered complimentary sundaes on a future visit. Thankfully, on a subsequent visit, the speed at which my food arrived was much faster. My last visit, a few days ago, at the time of the review, was both fast and the food tasted fresh. I like the 50's and 60's music and decor inside. If you are a T-Mobile customer, the cell signal is amazing at this location. I hope my next visit will be as good.
It was my first time visiting this place, and I must say, I'm definitely coming back!  They had a huge selection of food, but I decided to get the Pacific Salmon Entree and the Buttered Popcorn Lobster, and I must say, I had an orgasm in my mouth eating both!  You don't hear me saying that very often!  The prices were cheap too, and the customer service was friendly and knowledgeable. I'm definitely coming back!
well i have to say i gave this place 2 shots and i will never teturn a third time.  The store on windmill is usually dirty and when eating in with another person you get your food at different times.  nothing like eating with a friend with nothing in front of them.  Then go to their website and try and find hours of operation......NONE.... When i called to find out i was so surprised nobody answered the phone and the voice mail box was full...never again...  Oh and BTW the tarter sauce is the worst i was even willing to stop and get some at smiths.
Good food, nothing spectacular.  Prices are a bit high compared to other fast food.  You sort of need to be in the mood for this place.  I do feel like the burgers have more of a home cooked taste than the other fast food joints.  This specific A&W also has a Long John Silvers so it's good for those that want either A&W or LJ's.  The service was a bit slow.  Took longer to get my food than most places and I also thought the hamburger meat was slightly salty this time around.  I have eaten here several times though and it's normally salty like this from my experience.
The only thing fast about this fast food joint is the employee turnover.

Long waits in line and understaffed by people who don't want to be there.

Truly dreadful.
I was in the mood for root beer, weird craving I know and I headed here on my lunch break. I got in line in the drive thru and waited and waited and waited for someone to take my order. No dice, so I was hoping to just back out of the drive thru but someone had already pulled in behind me so I pulled forward in line. Unfortunately I was now stuck between several cars and I had yet to put my order in. The process was so slow and each car ahead of me was waiting there for what seemed like forever. After about 15-20 I finally got to the window and was tempted to just leave but I had been waiting for so long I wanted my order and wanted to let them know that the speaker wasn't working. 

The girl at the window came to help me and looked at me puzzled since I hadn't placed an order. I informed her that no one was answering at the ordering thingy-majig and she immediately realized she had shut it off by mistake. She looked horrified and offered me a discount for my trouble, so I figured I'd just order my drink and an order of cheese curds (since all the ads on the side of the building that I had been staring at for 20 minutes now had me curious). I paid and the price seemed low, but since she said she was giving me a discount, I didn't think twice. Finally my order came out and she handed me my cheese curds, no root beer. I then realized she didn't even hear my order for the root beer and by this point I was totally over it and just left. 

This place is inefficient and so unorganized. No thank you.
I generally am a patient person, and understand that mistakes happen and ultimately  fast food isn't the best profession in the world and asking for something special can be a bit hard to manage especially with many orders.... but damn this is the worst restaurant I've been to in my entire life!!!


It was nearly empty and we had placed orders simple substitutions; a basically plain burger and one item off of another burger. Not only did the person taking our order sigh at me when I wanted to make sure it didn't have cheese, she had  to talk to the cook each and every time we ordered an item to clarify to the chef. When we finally got our burgers they were kid sized (We've been to A&W's before and they were wayyy smaller), Both burgers were nearly plain except 1 item (Not how we ordered them),  they forgot our onion rings, and I was sighed at again when I asked for them. I'm not sure if it was out of spite or incompetence, but THEY MADE US ONLY FOUR ONION RINGS AND THEY WERE MADE WITH FISH BATTER! (My wife's slightly allergic to fish, but these combo places usually have separate kitchens so we risked coming)

We were frankly insulted, but were practically afraid to make another complaint so we just stormed out and got food elsewhere at a place that had no problem making our order right, even with 10+ people in line....

I would never eat at this restaurant again even if the food was free. We paid $17 for probably the equivalent of a few dollar menu items elsewhere, and spent half an hour in an empty restaurant , and got faster ACCURATE service from a drive-thru elsewhere with 10+ cars....

It's a shame since there's so few A&W's and they are not a bad fast food joint usually, but if this is the quality of employee and restaurant I can easily see why there's so few in Las Vegas..
Never again!

We were not able to order ANY food for the drive thru never took my order.  Me and the lady behind me had to back out after sitting for 13 minutes!!!

Should have known after trying to go here 2 other times which were unsuccessful as well.  NEVER AGAIN and it's only a matter of time before this location is shut down.  what a shame.
My boyfriend and i just went here (yes, Jerome and I are still together. I can't believe it, either. I must really love him). oh yeah, my review:

1. they were out of chicken pieces

2. they were out of cheese-curd sides

3. they were out of Mountain Dew

4. they never refilled the tartar sauce container

5. the booths and tables were dirty

6. no napkins anywhere in sight - had to ask for some at the counter

7. they took too long getting our order

8. WE DIDN'T RING THE BELL WHEN WE LEFT

whew ! that was painful. so long, until next time. now i want something sweet. i wonder if i should ask if they have any pies or cakes..... naaaaaawwww..........
First time there, last time I will come back.  I really just came in for a rootbeer which they no longer have on tap, which makes me very sad.  But i was in the mood for fish.  I ordered one of there combos and the service here was awesome, thats the only reason why they got another star from me.  The staff is great.  
Anyway the fish was way too salty, everything was dipped in oil, and truthfully after I ate the food I regret my decision.  It didnt sit right, and i felt disgusted.  Everything was room temp and after walking out the door, i knew I was not coming back.
Same Quality that most other panda express' have. Line moves quickly and always get free samples if you want to try something new. Parking lot is a little crowded depending on what time you go. But thats everywhere.
I've never been so happy to go to one place  all the time but every time I go the food is warm and not old . The restrooms are always clean and the staff is very friendly
Usually the food here is good, but today our orders of fried rice and teriyaki chicken all had that nasty burned taste. Unfortunate.
Got a cheesesteak and regretted it immediately. The meat is tasteless and floppy. At least I didn't get sick!
Unbelievable find at the Las Vegas-NORTH food court. I always get my Subway, but decided to go a different route that day. To my surprise, this Las Vegas Great Steak & Potato was pretty good and super bang for the buck. I never really seen a Great Steak & Potato serve such a big sandwich. So, a LARGE great steak sandwich is $10, but it is like more than a foot long. So if you are resting your foot from a marathon day of shopping at the Las Vegas-NORTH outlet, you can re-energize with a LARGE great steak sandwich and order of fries. If you need more flavoring, you can sprinkle their extra seasoning.
Bad service with very bad attitude. We don't own anything don't give me a strange look.
Four stars rather than five because this Popeyes seems to go a little light on the spice when you order "spicy" chicken. The heat level isn't where it usually is for Popeyes. Maybe they get complaints that it's too hot otherwise, I don't know. 

Aside from that, this is a fine Popeyes location: clean, easily accessible from the beltway, and the service is always prompt and friendly.
What can I say?

Who doesn't like Popeye's?

I like it, I luv it, I want some more of it!  These have got to be the BEST mashed potatoes.....and the Louisiana hott sauce? mmmmmmmmm....

How do they get away with using the name? Isn't it copyrighted or something?
Dare I say it? I LOVE Popeyes and I think that it definitely kicks any other chicken fingers/fried chicken competitors you know what! I've been a big fan of Popeyes before they opened all these locations and when they were just on the corner of Rancho and Bonanza. I think what makes Popeyes so good is that you can add some heat to the chicken.  I always tend to favor the SPICY chicken strips and of course the cajun mashed potatoes. Anytime I'm feeling sick I always ask for the mashed potatoes. There goes my love for carbs again! Overall, I'm definitely a lucky girl that Popeyes is close enough for anytime I need some spicyness and comfort.
Luv the this place , spicy chicken is awsome u can order all thighs :). The red beans and rice are delicious , wish I had the recipe. I know 4 stars for a chain get over it , I like it  . My review my opinion ;)
Crispy fried chicken with Biscuits and sides like red beans and rice. A tasty quick meal with a little bit of southern flare. My husband loves this place, and could eat chicken daily. As for me, I enjoy the chicken, especially when it's spicy like this place. 

For quick meal pick up, this place is the good choice.
This Jack's is not on the glitzy Las Vegas Strip.

No. It is on the more grittier, east side of The Strip. Where illegal immigrants meet broke drunkards between UNLV struggling students. 

However, despite this gritty urban image hidden a couple of blocks from the fabled Strip, this Jack in the Box is Hi-Tech! 

Yup! It has a self-ordering touch screen kiosk at the counter! There are only 3 guys working behind the counter, so why not let the little LCD R2D2 take your order? As it says on it's LCD screen,  it is easier to order than you think!

Just select what type of meal (breakfast, served all day in my case).
Then select from the offerings (there is something new here at Jack's!)
Then select if you want it part of a combo meal (I did!)
Then select what type of drink (OJ for me, got to be healthy!)

The new menu item at Jack's? 

Chorizo Sausage Breakfast Burrito!  
Si senor! 

A breakfast burrito of fluffy scrambed eggs, accented with Chorizo, a spicy sauce and grilled onions! It wasn't half bad! The combo meal with hash browns and OJ totalled $4.49! 

That's less than two full spins of the 1 cent slot machine played 30 ways, at 10 times value! 

And R2D2 got it all right! I didn't have to talk to a gritty human here on the grittier side of town, away from all the lights and neon signs. 

Just LCD Kiosks here. 

And for $4.49 a spin, you come up a winner!
Why am I giving them four stars? Because I am a fan of Jack in the Box and they are the closest JTIB to school. Over the years, I have grown to love them for just about everything their greasy menu has to offer me. Everything from their two $0.99 tacos to their 24-hour breakfast, to their 24-hour drive thru, JTIB knows how to hit the spot after a long night of drinking, early morning hang over, or just plain hungry.
I think this location has sealed the deal. I am not eating Jack in the Box any more. At least, not in Las Vegas.

The entire purpose for the combo numbering system was to avoid confusion. And when establishments place stickers next to certain numbers stating options, the employees should understand apparent requests.

For example, last night, we hit the drive through, I ordered a #31 (sausage egg and cheese biscuit) however, the wife doesn't like their sausage. Right next to the number is a sticker stating "Bacon also available" - so I tell the order taker we wanted "A #31 NO sausage, bacon instead." Problem solved? Not quite. The order confirmation screen has all sorts of abbreviations, some started with b, some did not. 

Arriving at the payment/food transfer window, another person reads our order and asks if we need anything else. I inform him what the order should have been, and he gets it rectified before the order comes out.

I completely understand that fast food is not going to recruit the best and brightest employees. I would at least like to see people who can take, prepare and serve an order properly. We were the only car in line, and the dining room looked empty, so it was not a case of they were so busy it was an honest mistake.
I enjoy this Jack In the Box very much. It is usually very clean and recently the staff has improved greatly! However, even though it may take over some jobs, the self-ordering touch screen kiosk is awesome. My order will not get messed up and I am a whiz on a computer like machine. I get it done so fast! Do not have wait for someone to find the tiny little button with the item on it, do not have to repeat myself over and over, and as soon as I pay, my order was out in an adequate time frame, which was good cause I was craving the grilled breakfast sandwich.(Best item to me) AND...almost forgot...because I used the kiosk they offered me two free tacos! Ya, freeeeeee. Not sure they offer it every time, but still. Bonus points for this visit. 

This was is way better that others I have been to. One in Portland, took for-ev-er! They had one guy working the night I went, which is ridiculous. I think he was a manager and all his people quit, so he had to work it all. So this one here, I give props for being quick, yet still delicious !
The spicy chicken sandwich here saved my life more than once while I was in town. Seriously.
What can I say? It's fast food. It's Jack in the Box. 

I prefer this chain to most other fast food chains. They offer a great value menu and an interesting variety of menu items. My favorites are the $1 chicken sandwich and the "big cheeseburger."  If I want something a little lighter, I enjoy the fajita pita which is only around 330 calories if I remember correctly. 

The staff are always polite and friendly and always remind you (but not in an obnoxious way) of current offers.  I like this location for the quality of the food and the service.
Just screwed up a simple order. Not busy or shorthanded but give me the wrong sandwich.  I don't have time to check my food on the go. So now ill take my business to in n out.
What can I say... Well they are very busy at this particular Jack-in-the-Box! I frequent Jacks all of the time. I love their Big Cheeseburger for $1.29 and their free tacos when you purchase with the receipt! I always get it the same way, all of the time! I asked for them to add tomatoes and they were going to charge me extra for it. I said "No" and asked if they were a franchise. No other Jacks will charge for an add item. That is one reason why I pick Jack! Of course they were a franchise. I was fine with that then I told them to only add chipotle sauce and left it at that. It took forever to get my order. When I got the food I ran out the door. When I got to my destination I looked at my burgers and they were both plain except for one which had mayo and ketchup on it and NO Chipotle Sauce as requested. I tied calling back to complain but the phone rang and rang and finally switched me over to their fax machine. I plan on requesting the correct order when I go back there this afternoon. This is the second time I have been to this particular store. I went there over six months ago and had a problem with their kiosk that you can order from. It didn't give me my change back and I complained to the manager. She was not going to give me my money back and I complained and told her to run the video and she finally just gave me the change from the register. She made me look like an idiot and liar. I vowed never to go back there again, but unfortunately my wife and I were hungry and did not feel like eating at McDonalds. I will go back to get my order correct this afternoon and after that will not return to that store again or any of the same franchises...
It's 106 degrees outside and 90 plus inside the restaurant !!! Asked if the AC was on. Oh yes she would check??  It's 90 plus. AC is not working!!! Daaahh
I went here for the first time today. I was impressed. I thought this would be just another fast chinese food, dingy looking place. It was not. It's bright and cheery and clean. The food is not soaked in overwhelming amounts of sauce, but just enough to give it great flavor. I'll be back.
Hubs and I ate here alot when we first moved to vegas since it was just down the road from our hotel. We never got tired of it. Food was actually pretty good. Staff are always nice so thats a plus.
This Panda Express hasn't disappointed yet. It always serves up hot, fresh, and tasty food which is great because sometimes you get tired of the regular selection of fast food. Just don't go to the Panda Express on Craig and Jones, I've been there twice and both times it was absolutely awful.
Just your typical Panda Express. Clean? sure. Quick and speedy service? not so much. The lady was nice sure but the fact that she was the only lady that was running both the food line and cash register you would think she was put down the phone. The whole time we were ordering she was speaking spanish to someone on the telephone. Kind of irritating. Idk if it was a personal call or what, but she could not put down the phone even when three other people were in line behind us. The lady with her two kids behind us split, and me and my friend would have too but we decided to wait it out because we were starving and really wanted to try their new surf and turf and fried brown rice which was awesome for it being panda express. Anyways, nothing spectacular but it will do for my panda fix.
I love the food here. It is always fresh and hot. They have great staff that provide fast service.
Great service all around if you need some new and hot they are right on it. Love going to panda most days craving it. Like the fact they change things up here and there see what works. Doing good job and continue to do great
Very good food however Mongolia beef really spicy.  They have a drive threw located off of craig.
Here's a quick one.  Burger King? Ok.. Drive-thru? A little slow. Flame-broiled? Sometimes. Microwaved? Right in front of you. Napkins? Just one. Anything special? Yeah, its on Cheyenne & Rainbow.

Here's some advice, to avoid the microwave effect and get actual flame-broiled meat, ask for no cheese. On the buck doubles at least. Works everytime for me!
One time while I was here while ordering inside, the cashier stopped taking my friends order while he was talking, just to answer her cell phone and spoke for a good 90 seconds.  

Even after his jaw dropped, she didn't break character and acted like it wasn't a big deal.

Luckily I don't expect any customer service going here, I just thought that was hysterical when it happened.  Overall though, very consistent, I love the food (well, it's a good value), and they are fast.

No real problems here, A-OK in my book.  Just make sure none of the workers have to make a call or have a call coming in.
Very nice morning crew. Was very helpful and pleasant with me since it was taking me so long to figure out what I wanted (im a mcdonalds breakfast guy) well done Burger king well done. But I did forget the cina rolls. I guess I will have to go back tomorrow.
What a poor experience I had at the BK location.  I admit that I am not the biggest supporter of the King.  I am more of a McD's guy myself.  But when BK has something that catches my eye like a special sale or a new item, I check it out.  This is what happened the other day.  They were offering the Original Chicken Sandwich for just $1.04.  The price was right but the food was all wrong.  The chicken was over cooked and taste burnt.  It had become chewy after sitting under the heat lamps for a while.  The lettuce was barely there and very wilted.  The mayo was and the verge of being bad.  I had to add pickle relish to the sandwich to make it edible.  And my disapointment does not end there.  I also ordered the new sweet potato fries.  Horrible.  I only ate them becauase they cost $1.89 and I am not in the habit of throwing that down the drain.  The fries were over cooked, soggy, and chewey and rather tastless.  Just sort of starchy.  They could have used a little salt which, coming from me, says a lot.  I rarely require salt on anything.  I have been to this BK location before and I'll likely come back again based on nothing more than convenience.  It is close and sometimes a Whopper or a double cheese burger sounds good.  It is far from being my first choice.
So excited about a major fast-food chain having a good veggie burger!  Presenting the MorningStar farms veggie patty, not the yucky fake-beef tasting patties, ahem, Boca, such as Fat Burger and sever other places serve. A little over-cooked (hard around the edges) but I'm so psyched that I can grab something on-the-go that is standard on the menu.  
Kudos to BK for leading the industry in offering VEGETABLE patty sandwiches on-the-go.
This was as bad as it gets.  I waited in the drive through that evening for 5 minutes before driving up to the window.  I assumed there was something wrong with the speaker or mike.  When I got to the window there was 2 guys chatting with each other and very loud music playing inside.  I sat there for about 3 minutes while being completely ignored.  I finally left.  I promise I will never go through that drive through again.
Fast service & food. They have quick daytime drive through staff. Have been coming here for about a year and a half. Sometimes the WiFi works, which is always nice, if you're inside. The free drink refills are good, as some places inside of casinos, charge the entire price for a refill. It is conveniently located across the street from Mandalay Bay and is frequented by people who work on the strip, so you know it's easy to deal with.
The best service 

& 

quality food 


in McDonald's Corporation!
Convenient. Hit this place up on our way outta town for the standard hang over breakfast faire.

The lady at the drive through window gave us the stink eye and then yelled at us after she took off her headset for dumping about an ounce of water out of a cup we had in the cup holder from a few days before.

Really lady? Got your panties all in a super twist over an ounce of water that evaporated off the hot black top. Get over it.
Last stop as I was leaving Las Vegas.  McDonalds is pretty much the same everywhere.
Terrible service, inept workers and poor management. Bathroom was filthy as well. 
Manager did nothing after a worker screamed at my friend for no reason- completely uncalled for.  3 words: Don't come here.
Funny, Las Vegas has a few ChicDonald's haha! They have nice furnishings inside - unlike most McDonald's in Los Angeles. Does the food taste better? No, but I have heard that they tried to sell pizza at Vegas McDonald's.... Unsuccessfully of course, but still - very interesting!

We were here very, very early in the morning and there was no one manning the registers but the manager was walking by checking them. She looked around when she saw us to see if she could get someone to at least greet us but there was no one so she had to do it herself haha! When one of her drones heard her greeting we finally got our order taken.

The food was as "good" as at any McD's and they did not mess up our order.

It was very early in the morning granted, but still, many tables were dirty - no excuses! 

It may be a ChicDonald's but it merits only three stars anyway.
Pretty typical of a McDonald's but the sign outside drew me in like a moth to a flame.
I work in the area so have eaten at this location numerous times.

The location is right across from the Mandalay Bay.

The staff at this location changes constantly. But no matter how often the staff changes you can always count on them being inept. 

If you have to eat here I'd suggest walking inside. The drive through is always a long wait.

The food is typical McDonalds except for their french fries. At most McDonalds I love their fries...not at this place. They're always old and it taste as if they never change the oil in their fryer.  I've never had a good french fry at this place.

If you're really craving McDonalds I'd suggest you try another one.
This is seriously the worst drive thru in las vegas. I live nearby and go here often, out of convenience. They forget everything and mess up even the simplest tasks. The other day, they gave me a burger without a burger in it. It was just a bun with onions and cheese. I brought it back and the guy doesn't even apologize, just throws me another one and laughs. I get that it's kind of a funny mistake, but these stoner kids working there don't give a shit that you had to drive all the way back to get a new one. 

The lady who takes orders on most days is a total b*tch, too. Everything she says just comes off as super aggressive and rude.
I can"t believe this is the first time in my life  I came to this  McDonalds. The coffee refill is limited to only one refill. I am very disappointed.  For what I paid for the coffee. I should go to Starbucks.
The cashier wearing the name tag Michaelangelo was an outstanding employee. I went in with the intention of buying a BigMac meal large size and the smallest size order of chicken nuggets. He SOLD me and said that the smallest mcnugget (4 piece) was approx 2.99 and that for a few more bucks I could get a 20 piece. Point taken and I got both the meal and 20 mcnuggets. The drink area was in a disarray but he went out of his way to make sure everything was back up to standards. (I was observing this while I was eating my food order). Overall great experience
I get that there can be miscommunication over the drive thru window but come on now.. We're ASKING a question, stop assuming we're ordering, especially when we preface our question with "I have a question."  We asked if they had the meal that comes with 2 mcmuffins. She put in an order for 2 sandwiches only.  We say no that's not what we want to order we want to know if you have the meal. She takes it off and adds milk instead. Frustrated, we just ordered two number 2s with orange juice.
No apologies for the miscommunication she just gives a total and stops talking.  We had to wait til we got to her to find out of she got the order correct (no milk or any other random items).  All was fine but her attitude was not. we could not wait to move on to the next window.  But alas, the car in front was waiting for their order for forever!  

We finally make it to the food window and I tell my bf to ask for ketchup.  Window opens  and lady serving us our bags was nice and at least days good morning.  But then she hands us our bag and our drinks and says no straws (for our orange juices) and closes the window.  We could barely say "ketchup please!"  Thank god she heard as the window was closing.  

WTF store #22506.  McDonald's, this is UNSATISFACTORY.  No straws (and heard the cashier tell another customer that there were no frappes), bad attitude and horrible service! From all the reviews I've read for this location your management needs to step it up.  I know I will take my business elsewhere than this establishment.. Next time I'll just hit up Winchells next door.
Having lived on the East (weak) Coast the majority of my life, I am not very familiar wt Carls Jr. I actually needed some "cash back" & they were the closest thing to me and I ordered 3 chicken fingers wt Honey Mustard sauce = $4.31 total.

They claim that the Chicken Tenders are "hand breaded" and I dont doubt it as they are some of the best I have had in recent memory. The 3 tenders I was served were very big and thick (maybe 4-5 inches long) & breaded and crispy while the meat was nice and moist. The Honey Mustard sauce was pretty standard and could have been spicier but I'm NOT complaining.

I have not tried anything else on the menu BUT I can give 2 thumbs up on the Chicken Tenders at least at this location.
Turkey Burger + Why are they being so nice to us?


Best customer service experience I've had at a fast food place. The cashier actually waited on my boyfriend and I, as in brought the food over to our table and then came back to check if we enjoyed our meal and then refilled my drink and brought more condiments to our table. When did Carl Jr's become a restaurant with actual servers and a wait staff? Whenever this happened, I'm just glad they didn't increase the prices. 

We were staying at the Stratosphere across the street and didn't go here until our last night on vacation because I don't eat red meat and didn't feel like having a chicken sandwich. I didn't know that they also sold turkey burgers. Well to my absolute surprise, they do!! 

I ordered an all white meat turkey burger (aka the Southwest burger, substitute with a turkey patty and added bacon). It had a really nice flavor. Certainly not the best turkey burger I've ever had, but definitely better than most fast food joints that just throw it on the menu. Wish we had one like this in Chicago. I usually have to go to more expensive burger places to get a turkey burger and not so great service. Thanks for flipping the script Carl's Jr.
Well...this Carl's jr, seeing as it's in Vegas...is in the desert...lol no, not a mirage, though it might as well be. That desert sun is hot as h-e-double..you know the rest. So I get in there(I was meeting someone) and I ask for a water cup. I was responded to with..."Yeah, we can't just give you one...you gotta make a purchase..." Now mind you I was sweating, and so was the baby...yeah..that meant nothing, because I said..."I will be making a purchase, I'm just waiting for someone"...I was hit with a very haughty, "Yeah, our manager just doesn't allow us, to just give you water without you buying something..." I thought.."eh whatever" and was very tempted to respond with "Yeah, well your manager is a schmuck" in the same tone they were using, but I'm trying to grow my person, so I just walked away. The person I was meeting arrived and we ordered. He had a Memphis BBQ burger(with pulled pork, and onion strings on it) I ordered a teriyaki burger(has a fat slice of pineapple and teriyaki sauce on it) we ordered a criss cut fries to share, and the baby had a kids meal....and while i was filling the baby's soda cup, the soda fountain cut off. I told them, and they flipped a switch and it came on.(later as i was getting a refill, the machine was just plain off...they flipped the switch again) Now, I know that some places track the use of their products...but really?...do you really have to monitor the soda usages like THAT?...if I had come back for say a third refill on a kid size soda, would you have cussed me out and told me no? Look..it's really not that crucial...I did the math. It costs about $1.04 for 1 bag of dr. pepper syrup, and about $0.50 for a thing of carbon water. So that's $1.54. that makes about 500 sodas. plus you factor in, that they have about 10 different choices...all in all, they turn a huge profit on sodas alone...so I know they are not going broke. but whatever. Let's get down to business

THE SERVICE

Other than the Manager's cronies at the front, the lady who came to the table(Ms Unity) was very nice and helpful, and had our interests, and not the managers at heart. So I would give half a star to the cronies, and 5 stars to Ms Unity.


THE FOOD

The baby's food was hot, and she didn't complain, my burger was yummy, and so was the memphis bbq...although saying this...my personal opinion is this...heavy pork(bacon excluded) and burgers do not nutritionally go together.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just saying...
Carl's Jr is Carl's Jr;  we all know the menu and the quality tends to be consistent (pretty good fast food burgers and I'm lovin' that fried zucchini with ranch dip), so I normally wouldn't bother even reviewing one because there are no surprises, but I got one the other night: BF and I were leaving the Stratosphere around 2 a.m. and decided to pull in for a cool drink. I just wanted a soda, he a had a chocolate shake in mind. I warned him not to get his hopes up- ALL fast food franchises are ALWAYS cleaning the shake machine after midnight, and sure enough, when we pulled up to the speaker and he asked if they still had shakes, The Voice (older female) said "I don't think so, let me check" and then, the inevitable "No, the machine is down"... but, WAIT FOR IT: "I will make you one, though". Wha wha wha WHAT?? My neck is still sore from the way my head snapped around. We drove around, thinking Ashton Kutcher would be at the window, laughing and pointing at our gullibility, but no, it was just this really nice lady, with a freshly made milkshake in her hand and a pleasant smile on her face. God love you, Carl's Jr Lady! These stars are for you!
Stopped in for breakfast no complaints.
Late night, heading back to the hotel and decide to try Carls Jrs. I got my food and headed down the road taking bites here and there in the dark, and the burger had no flavor, like it lacked seasoning or something. Get to my room and pull the burger out to finish it and find I'm eating RAW MEAT!! The burger was brown outside but RED inside. Fries were just "alright", so you can believe I won't go back again..
I ate here on new years eve 2013, i were on a roadtrip from San Fransisco- LA- LV.

I had just arrived at Stratosphere from Los Angeles. So i looked at my yelp app to find the closest restaurant outside of the hotel so i saw that Carls Jr was close. We were met with a friendly face and even though we were tired and typical tourists(in my country a friendly face in a chain restaurant is VERY RARE). I had tried eating a Big Carl burger during my first stop in San Fransisco and liked it quite a bit but was a little bit decided because the atmosphere at the SF CJ was stress filled and a guy was arguing with the security guard for my whole stay.

There is something special with the burgers from Carls Jr and i can't figure it out. It basically tastes like a fine dining burger but is half the price of the ones you find further down the strip or at fine dining restaurants. My favorite is The Big Carl, i've also tried the Famous Star but i prefer the Big Carl.

During my American visit i had decided to try out all the larger chains and then sort of find my personal favorite. If i had to choose one chain for the rest of my life it would be CJ.
This review is for BBQ at the Cypress Street Marketplace in Caesar's Palace.  My fiancee and I felt like BBQ, so we decided to eat at BBQ.  I ordered the beef brisket, and my fiancee ordered the pulled pork.  For sides, we got mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese.  To my surprise, the food was moist and very tender.  Be sure to eat it with the BBQ sauce.  The mashed potatoes were very good, but I can't say the same for the mac and cheese.  It was bland and unflavored.  Still, that didn't influence me from giving this place a perfect rating.  The service was excellent, and they answered all of our questions with a smile.  It's about $12 for each person, which includes a side and a drink.  This is a nice alternative to the fancy and casual restaurants in Las Vegas. Enjoy.
In all my visits to Caesars Palace, I have never known there to a food court until now!  It's an expensive one though, that's for sure!  They offer things like lobster chowder, fish and chips, salads that cost $10, wraps, turkey, pizza, sandwiches, and a coffee shop.  The only real value is the self service soda machine so you can get your own free refills of soda or lemonade.

The cheapest thing is probably a cup of lobster or clam chowder.  Everything else is very over-priced and I wouldn't recommend taking your young children here.  (Of course, if you're comparing this to the other restaurants at Caesars, then I guess you would say it's a better deal.)

While this food court is like any other food court in a mall where you order your food and find yourself a table, the clean-up people here actually ask if there's anything else you need.  And they'll bus your tables for you too.  Whether they make any tips from this or not is another question.

They advertise the marketplace as a 'Napa-Style Picnic in the Park.'
Cypress Street Marketplace is a little food court in Caesar's near the entrance to the Forum Shops.

I ordered the hot turkey sandwich at Hand Carved and the menu description sounded delicious. I was very disappointed. The turkey was dry and all of the promised flavors were barely there. Oh, and it cost $9.

I ordered the fish and chips and the lobster chowder at Lobster Chowder. They should actually call it lobster-flavored chowder. The actual lobster pieces were miniscule, but the flavor of the soup was good. The portion size of the fish and chips was actually good but the fish wasn't very crispy.

A friend ordered the chow mein at the wok place and it cost $10 for one of those little chinese take-out boxes. He was very diappointed.

I am not surprised it was so easy to find a seat here.
Had a slice of pizza there and some chickenwings. The service was pretty slow and prices high but the food was ok and I was really hungry. Met a friend here for a late dinner/snack. 

They close kinda early for Las Vegas though...
The look of this place is good.  Nice...new...expensive...but we were thinking we could swing it.  They offer burgers, wraps, "deli" sandwiches, salads, pizza and some semi asian inspired fast food.  
Burger sounded great...walked over...."The wait for a burger is about 25 minutes, ma'am."  Nevermind.  Walk over to wrap line.  Stand in that line for the 25 minutes I could have waited for the burger I really wanted.  Whatever.  
10 minutes after ordering I got my wrap and attempted to eat it.  (Jerk chicken, pickled onions, spicey rice, black beans).  Umm....tasted ALRIGHT...not worth $10.  Ate half.  Couldn't finish.  About 5 hours later I was sick to my stomach and laying in bed for hours.  The two friends that went with me (one had a Mediterranean Wrap..the other, onion rings)...same story about 5 hours later.  One was puking her brains out.  Not a good sign.  I won't be back.

PS On these additional yelp survey questions...can I answer "nothing" under "Good For"???
Sometimes you want a quick lunch that doesn't cost $15+.. sometimes you want some reliable food with the quality level of say Mcdonalds or a Subway.. this place is NONE of these things. It's slow, it's expensive, and the quality sucks. F you Caesar's for not putting a food court in the mall either.. seriously.. they screw you into eating their over priced crap. 

Pay a few bucks more (at least at lunch time) and eat at Mesa.. it's worth the splurge and you won't walk away feeling jipped.
Definitely not gourmet, but a good place to stop if you want a quick bite that won't break your wallet. 

This Caesar's "food court" has a variety of different choices, but I recommend heading directly to "Slice" for one of the biggest pieces of pizza $5 can buy. If you want to add a soda or even a beer, they've got some combo options, and the price is right for the yumminess. Besides, a big, greasy slice of pizza is just what you need to soak up all the alcohol you're consuming. And if you need more of the hard stuff, Slice also has a bar right next to the counter. Just open up the gate and go on through. 

It's got my recommendation for being one of the only decent "fast food" places on the strip.
Not worth it.  We tried a few of the different places at this food court, and each time the food is really disappointing and expensive.  Not to mention the drinks!  A soda is $3.55!  Also on two occasions - the cashiers overcharged me.  Stay away - it's even better just to eat at Planet Hollywood down in the Forum Shops.
This is a good budget-eating place if you gamble away most of your money. It's a food court, but not as cheap as the ones you find in malls. Ofcourse, the food is little bit better than that. I do frequent this place if I'm here longer than the customary holiday weekends. The line here can be slow moving at times. Even after I placed my order, I've had to wait several minutes longer than I envisioned.
This place is awful, the service is so slow. Coming frmo NYC I expected a deli to be rather fast. Instead it took over 10 mins for them to make my sandwich. The Tuna did not taste fresh and the sandwiches were expensive. For the same price I probably could have had a nice sit down meal.

They really need to improve this food court, especially the delivery time. This was the first and last time I ever ate at a food court in Vegas. I rather just have the olives of my martini if i'm looking for a quick bite,
One of the worst tasting and most expensive non-gourmet pizzas I have ever had.  About $5 for a decent sized slice and after one I was still hungry but couldn't do a second one, it was just too greasy and bad.
We had the sushi in the food court and it was inedible. The tuna smelled like they got it from a can and the rice the most disgusting rice I've ever eaten. My wife got the noodle soup and it was better but not exactly good. I should have demanded my money back but I didn't want to wait in line to do so. If the sushi was any indication of the rest of the food here, avoid it at all costs.
I had a hot turkey sandwich. It was very good and the roll was nice and fresh. The service was not at all what I was expecting. But the whole Caesars complex was a downer.
Considering what this place is, I think it's one of the better places to get a snack at Caesars. I actually came here instead of eating somewhere at my hotel (bellagio) because it's a little cheaper and more convenient. 
The people saying the service is bad and slow are right though. It took more than ten minutes to get my burger and fries.
My wife was almost finished with her orange chicken before my burger came out. But for some reason, I feel like it's only that place that takes forever.

The salad / pizza place is pretty cool too because near where the line starts is a little station with salad cards where you check off boxes to say what you want. This was a neat idea especially because I don't like salads and there's usually one element in them that I hate. This way I get a simple salad with none of those gross bitter greens. 

While it does take forever and it's overpriced, it's still a good place to get a quick bite to eat before braving the Forum Shops.
We needed a quick dinner in order catch a show or something. My memory is a bit fuzzy. BUT, I do remember paying $10 for two slices of pizza and a soda. The slices were small, greasy and had obviously been sitting in the glass heat locker a long while.
Overpriced. Got the orders mixed up.
This is for Bar BQ. 

First of all, I think its cute that there's a food court in a casino area! And it has a cute theme going on!

I'm a sucker for baked potatoes so when I saw shredded pork stuffed baked potatoes, I just HAD to have one! Over much debate, my husband talked me into getting the Brisket one instead.

OHMYGOSH.

The BEST baked potato I EVER had! It was so good I had to go back for dinner, seriously. It was amazing. I hate that I'm back in CA now and I cant have another one!

The service was nice, the food was prepared quickly too! I also like how there's workers in that area that clean off the table for you (all trash is recycled!) and refill your drinks for you!
This review is for the burger counter at Cypress Street:
(see pic)

On the recommendation of Todd Williams, chef at Bradley Ogden next door, I tried this food court burger. A substantial cooked to order patty likes atop a red onion slice, bloody tomato, chopped lettuce, thick pickle slice, ketchup & mustard on a toasted eggy bun, all in a classic paper sleeve to hold the massive creation together. While the meat itself is nothing special, the whole package--with good hot crispy fries--satisfies at under $10 bucks.
Wouldn't you think Caesar's Palace could serve a decent Caesar's Salad? I mean c'mon, a lousy Caesar's Salad. So have you ever noticed how embarrassed the other casino hotels are about having food courts for the proletariat? When you go to, like, the Venetian, it's hidden away on a second floor. At the Bellagio, you barely notice it. Give Caesar's credit that they put theirs front and center in the casino right near the Colosseum's main entrance doors. 

Hell, I didn't even know the place had a name, but this is where Jamie W. sat as the non-gambling porkers we are and ate a quickie meal before both Cher and Bette Midler. Now I never find anything all that appetizing among the international chain of kiosks, but before Bette, I decided to try the Shrimp Caesar's Salad at one of them. It came in the standard plastic bowl with the standard plastic mini-cup of dressing. I actually don't remember much about it, but I can always count on the older Asian woman in the country kitchen outfit handing out toothpicks and busing tables. OK, that's all I got. 

FOOD - 2 stars...Caesar's hath no Caesar's salad worthy of the palace 
AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...it's a food court with faux-Roman statues...what d'ya expect? 
SERVICE - 2 stars...snail-like despite the throngs 
TOTAL - 2 stars...serves its purpose for pre-Cher and pre-Bette idle time...what can I say?...after spending do-re-mi on the shows, we're cheap!
A bit overpriced. Food not as good as advertised. Our group bought food from 3 of the places here and were not satisfied with the quality.
The food court in Ceasar's Palace is good for quick meals, and one of the cheaper places compared to the other extremely expensive meals, but by cheaper I mean it's like $13 or $14 instead of $40 or $50.

There is a place for wraps, a place for fish and chips, a place with horrible asian-style noodles, or sandwiches, but at least you don't have to dress up, or tip, or need to anything.  

Come here to chill and relax, don't expect any food to WOW you in any sense, but come here if you're in this area of the strip and don't want to grab something quick on the the go.
I have to admit that this is my favorite food court in Vegas. When I want a quick bite with a myriad of options, this is the place I head. Sure, it can be a little pricey, but this is Vegas. Come on! You can't expect McDonald's prices in the middle of a casino. 

I've eaten here on multiple occasions and have tried the pizza and the salads. Others I've been with have tried the bbq and the sandwiches. No one gave it a bad review. The pizza was deemed the best option as the slices are HUGE and the drink refills are free. 

All in all, a good place to stop for a quick bite with lots of options.
review for lobster chowder & the pizza 

lobster chowder: i asked for a sample of it and the lady said no. so i just went with the clam chowder. i got here at 11 AM and ordered a cup of soup ($6 for a cup, $9 for a bowl). it was cold and seemed like it just came out of a bag. i explained to the lady that it was cold and she looked at me, took the soup away and gave me a new one with this dirty annoyed look. i was too hung over to deal w/ her so i just took it and sat down. 

pizza: we all decided to order pizza too...wow pizza was EXPENSIVE! $9 for a slice (thick crust) and if we wanted to whole pie $44...a pizza with just ricotta, mozzarella, and tomatoes...was it good? i thought there was too much dough (way too chewy and under cooked), the sauce was salty, w/ the cheese it made it worse, and it was a waste of my money. 

overall: would i go back? never. ever. ever. this was a waste of my money and time. lesson learned: no more food courts in vegas! people assume it's cheaper, but i spent almost $20 (w/ tax) and i could have enjoyed a nice lunch at a nice restaurant for the same amount maybe less. bleh this made my hangover worse.
This food court is really sad, though I appreciate the fact they have a diverse range of food to pick from.  The big thing that got to me was when I got sick from the crab sandwich I had here one night.  And since then, I've avoided this place every time I've been back .  Prices here aren't too bad, but you're better off going somewhere else to pick something up for around the same prices.  2 Stars, sorry!!
Cypress Street Marketplace is a food court in the middle of the casino in Caesars Palace. It's very convenient, but I'd highly recommend skipping it as a food option.

The atmosphere is actually pretty cool, tables in the middle, surrounded by different food vendors. It's very, VERY pricey for what it is though. To give you an example; I ordered a double cheese burger, with fries and a drink for about $23. Now, if the burger was good, I'd have no problem with this place, but, the burger sucked. It really did. It looked GORGEOUS, but tasted like a gas station burger.

For the price, I'd skip this place, and head on over to one of the many kick-ass restaurants in Caesars or the surrounding hotels.
Loved the lobster chowder.
Lobsta roll, lobsta roll, I have actually toured the northeast on a lobsta roll excursion in my past, and this was right there, I mean other then it was in Las Vegas at Caesars Palace, it was right there, someone really took the creation of a lobsta roll serious!  

Lots and Lots of Lobster!!!

They delivered a top notch lobsta roll for sure!  Here is what blows my mind everything at Caesars is lets just say a little more expensive then maybe it needs to be, I don't mind because I love their poker room, I love their staff, and well I am generally their to have fun so why not spend a little extra...  This lobsta roll was $12.95; kids this is down right affordable for a lobsta roll, I would pay that, out of a cart in an alley in a major city, with out great staff and poker all around me...  I have paid closer to 20 off the side of the road in New England...  Although this was not the best I have ever had, it was right up there with the big boys of the northeast trade, and I will be partaking in one of these, I think maybe, every time I head back to Vegas from now on...  

I am not the only one, I had two while I was there, and when I was ordering my first one I was interrogating the exceptionally nice lady behind the counter and she said, oh its good, she said people come from all the casinos around Vegas just for this Lobsta roll, and she said wow do they get upset when we run out, here that?  They run out, so maybe call ahead...

Thanks Caesar's for yet another reason to love you!
Grab a snack, sandwich or coffee and plug in for a charge before hitting a nightlife hotspot or before a show. This is at the nexus or cross-roads for the Appian Way, the Colosseum & the Forum Shops. There is a coffee shop and many different kinds of upper scale fast food type places.
I had about 20 minutes to scarf down some grub before a concert at Caesars Palace. To my disappointment, there wasn't much to entice me in the nearby food court. Certainly no bargain eats at this overpriced "marketplace." You'd think you were at an airport. I went to the BQ counter for an order of PULLED PORK ($9.95) which was edible. That's all I can really say. Oh, and it was piping hot. I mean, this food court is functional, but that's about it.
4 stars for this place? are you mad!?  Well actually more like 3.5 stars
okay, let me explain.  Many of the places reviewed at this place which essentially serves as the food court at Caesars palace aren't great.  Most folks reviewed the burger and pizza place which didn't look very good and I am not suprised by the fairly mediocre reviews. 

The places I tried last visit: 
Lobster Chowder compangy: 4 stars
 I would advise you to check out the Lobster Chowder company and get fish and chips.  I swear some of shockingly best fried cod this side of the Atlantic!  Avoid pretty much anything else on the menu, skip the calamari or other stuff.    

Ah So!: 3 stars
aside from the somewhat dubious name of the place, the noodle soups here aren't half bad.  I got the wonton with noodle soup since I wasn't feeling that well.  Chinese comfort food.

Bar BQ: 3 stars:  I got the open faced turkey sandwich smothered in gravy and mashed potatoes.  Quite delicious actually!  Thanksgiving on a plate!

Prices here are more reasonable than what you find on the higher end places to eat at Caesars palace.  If you choose the right place though you could actually get a tasty and affordable meal here and save your money for more gambling!
I passed through here looking for something to eat for lunch and promptly left. Nothing looked appetizing at any of the food stalls. Whats up with all the crappy food at this place? The pizza looked like a complete rip off. I must be turning into a picky ass mofo eater cause I swear unless the food is cooked fresh and the best ingredients are used I don't want to get near it.
Wanting a quick bite to eat, we went to the Caesar's Palace from The Venetian.  We were going to eat at the Chinese restaurant because my friend wanted their roast duck and rice.  Unfortunately, Caesar's Palace removed the Chinese restaurant next to the Japanese restaurant.  They did add Beijing Noodle No. 9, but after looking at the menu, we thought it was waaaayyyyyy too expensive.  For example, $18.09 for a noodle dish that we can get at home for $7.00.  No thank you.

Thus, we walked over to the Cypress Street Marketplace to eat.

We both got the Burger and Fries.  It costs $8.95 plus tax, so $9.67.  They make it to order and I got mine with lettuce, tomato, and ketchup.  They have the thin, long french fries and both of my items were good.

I enjoyed it and there were plenty of seats/tables.

There was even some excitement.  A patron was arguing with one of the women who was busing tables.  Not sure what it was about or who won though.

If you want a quick bite to eat, the Cypress Street Marketplace is a good option.  They have several different types of foods there.

Xie Xie!
When you want to skip the hefty prices of the classy restaurants this is the place to be.  A great selection of food and lots of seating only a few steps away from the main casino.  Been here many times will be back soon.
OMG this place is sooo gross.  After discovering that there are no longer any appealing restaurants in the Forum Shops, my friends and I ended up here for our final dinner of our Vegas trip.  I'm really wishing we had just decided to pay more money and go to a decent buffet or something though, because the food here was disgusting.  

After circling around the "food court" (and I put those in quotation marks because 4 tiny stands that are all connected does not a food court make) 3-4 times, I finally decided to try to get a lobster roll and a cup of lobster chowder.  First of all, a lobster roll should be served in a roll.  NOT between two pieces of texas toast.  AND there should be lobster in it (not shredded imitation crab or whatever the hell that meat was supposed to be).  The chowder was disgusting and looked like tomato soup with tiny pieces of potato (and I think my hubby said he found a few tiny pieces of lobster-like meat).  I didn't even eat half of my food and I spent $20 (again, I should've just gone to the buffet).

Hubby got the burger and fries which was probably the safest bet from all of our food.  It wasn't great, but really--how do you mess up a burger and fries?  Only downside--it cost almost $15 with a drink.

My friend went to the barbeque place and got a platter with turkey, mashed potatoes, and mac & cheese.  The turkey was dry, the mashed potatoes were alright, and the mac & cheese tasted straight out of the blue box.

The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because of the super sweet buslady who kept getting us refills of our soda.  She was very nice!
This food court is not too bad in my opinion. Located near one of the entrances to The Forum Shops, you could consider this place a bargain when you compare it to all the other expensive restaurants nearby. 

The one thing that really impressed me about this place is the customer service that the cleaning people provide. Every time I ate here, they have stopped by my table to give me napkins, take my trash away, offered to refill my soda, gave me toothpicks, and asked if there was anything else I needed. Wow! Really? All this at a food court?? This is the main reason why this place stands out!!

The food is kind of expensive. Expect to pay at least $10-$11 for a meal. There is a pretty good variety of food - Chinese, Pizza, Burgers, BBQ, Salads, Wraps, Coffee, etc. So far I have tried a Pepperoni Pizza slice, Caesar Salad, and Beef Broccoli, which was nothing spectacular, but also not horrible. I believe I also tried a smoothie a while back from the coffee shop, which didn't taste too great from what I remember.  

If you are in the area and looking for a cheaper and quicker option for food, this place will probably be your best bet.
We grabbed a bite to eat at the Pizza Slice located in Cypress Street Marketplace.  The Marketplace was clean and the bathrooms were in good condition.  Our pizza was good but the service was bad.  The lady dishing up the pizza pies skipped us all together.  She was really rude.  Next time I eat at the Marketplace I'll try a different shop.
Slow service but OK if you don't want to deal with a restaurant.  Ordered a wrap and it took forever...not enough help.  Another day, ordered a bowl of noodles.  Was much faster but paid almost $10 so not a bargain.
I'm a fan of the booth selling LOBSTER CHOWDER since i have tried nothing but the lobster chowder from this food court at Caesar Palace.  

After the big sundae at Serendipity 3, my boyfriend wanted something soupy and savory so we stopped by this food court to get some soup!  Since 8 out of 10 tables inside the food court got this orange-colored soup, in either a paper cup or a sourdough bread, we thought it had to be some tasty soup.  Guess what? We were right! The lobster chowder was sooooooo good, and we found chunks of real lobster meat inside the soup, for only $6.99 per cup.  

After putting the last spoon of chowder into his mouth, my boyfriend said, "We have to come back here next time we come to Vegas! this soup is so freaking good!!"
This food court sucks hard-core. They charge steep prices. My friend got fish and chips (fried fish and french fries). The fries tasted like they were frozen and the batter was definitely allll the same color for both the fish and fries supporting my believe that the fries, and perhaps also the fish, were frozen. Please don't give us a frozen meal for $11.

I ordered some pollo tacos from the mexican joint. The rice and beans were surprisingly well-seasoned but the tacos themselves were hard to eat due to the slimy texture of the soft corn taco. It was submerged in bean sauuce.

Oh well. Lesson learned. Las Vegas isn't really like one's adult disneyland since the food at disneyland is at least yummy for the price.

On the plus side the service was AMAZING. I loved all the wonderful servers. They treated us like family. :)
Cypress Marketplace is pretty much the only cheap eat at Caesars Palace. Essentially, it's a food court--but a glorified food court! I work in the Forum Shops and on the days I forget my lunch, I'm forced to resort to the marketplace.

WRAPS: The wraps are big but somewhat flavorless. The freshness of produce varies from day-to-day. They're alright but I wouldn't go back.

CHINESE: Semi-Restaurant / Semi-Panda Express. The fried rice is average but The black bean chicken was pretty good. All the entrees come with a hefty serving of steamed rice. At times, the quality of the chicken is poor. On occasion, instead of chicken breast, I'd get chicken gristle and bits.

FRIED FOOD: The place that has the fish & chips and chicken tenders is awesome. Then again, how can you mess up fried food? Chicken tenders are juicy and the fries are crispy but soft. Everything is fried fresh to order.

PIZZA: I haven't sampled the pizza place. But girls at the store are regulars and eat the pizza there religiously.

DRINKS: some places sell personal size wine bottles and beer, bottled beverages, and all places serve fountain drinks.

$$$: expect to spend about $14 per person when eating here. 

Restaurant Prices, Food Court Food.
If you'r looking for something like a food court then this is the place to go! Eating in Vegas isn't cheap and this place isn't cheap either, but it is probably the cheapest place you can eat at in Caesar's Palace.

The "make your own salad" with drink was $14. It was a HUGE thing of salad and I couldn't finish it, but because everything was piled on the bottom of the salad didn't get any dressing.

There's a coffee shop on the very edge that sells smoothies... but it's like $6 and made from a powder and not even fresh fruit! It def wasn't worth it but we ended up using it as a mixer for our vodka later and it was pretty good...

I also got the mediterranean chicken wrap with spinach tortillas. It was a little bland and I had to use Cholula to give it some spice. The veggies were pretty fresh so that's good.

Come here if you want to get some quick food court food thats overpriced, but it's the only thing close...
this is a great food court. considering it's in CP, it's quite impressive. plenty of food options here to pretty much satisfy any discerning, yet frugal, palate. as the big sign to the entrance points out, they have... burgers, sandwiches, pizza, salad, wraps, fish and chips and of course, the ubiquitous... Chinese!

now, the prices here are definitely not similar to the other prestigious food courts located on the strip, such as Oshea's Le Whopper and Casino Royale with Chez Denny's. however, it is extremely reasonable and the quality is leaps and bounds most others. i actually had the fish and chips and they were absolutely delish. the fish was very crispy and the fries were marvelous. it was only 2 fish, but, very big. i also had some hot sour soup from the chinese joint and also pretty good. mind you it's lent, and it was friday so i had to fill myself up enough to make it the rest of day. 

the little filipino ladies cleaning up and offering to fill up your sodas and get you water were very friendly. they're not tied to one specific restaurant so tip them well regardless if they help you out. oh yeah, there's also a salsa condiment bar right in front of the mexican spot. i helped myself.. shhh!
Not bad food for fast food. but it not reallly fast.
Just about every cuisine in this marketplace. I was craving a hotdog which turned out to be a $16 dog --typical Vegas Strip food price. But what made it worse was that it looked and tasted like a microwavable oscar meyer's dog. The experience was horrid.
We got drinks and pastries here as a pre-brunch snack.  They were good, nothing special, and the prices are casino prices.  I think you get 10% off with the Total Rewards card, but I forgot.  Still, it is pretty convenient, and the quality was fine.
Yum yum...I've only tried the pizza place and grabbed breakfast here, so this probably isn't very accurate. However, it is convenient and affordable when you just want to grab a quick bite. The calzones and other pizza-looking (but not pizza) things are a bit overpriced, IMO, but the salads are what really stands out in the food court. Giant and abundant in meats and cheeses yum yum! Bonus that you can even customize your own! 

Breakfast is a bit of a hassle...lines are long since everyone wants the good breakfast deal...($4 for oatmeal, $7 for a set meal of eggs, bacon, etc) I just got the fruit cup, but they also have nice giant plates of fruit and other goodies. Coffee is your typical cup o' joe; nothing too special. I will definitely get the breakfast specials next time I come!

There is also a really nice lady at night who gets utensils, makes sure you aren't missing anything, and even grabs ice for your bottled water. Amazing service for a food court!

Bottom line...salads GOOD! breakfast specials WOW!
3.5 stars...So this is also known as "Caesar's Palace for Food Court"...I'll essentially repost what I put for that one:

Yum yum...I've only tried the pizza place and grabbed breakfast here, so this probably isn't very accurate. However, it is convenient and affordable when you just want to grab a quick bite. The calzones and other pizza-looking (but not pizza) things are a bit overpriced, IMO, but the salads are what really stands out in the food court. Giant and abundant in meats and cheeses yum yum! Bonus that you can even customize your own! 

Breakfast is a bit of a hassle...lines are long since everyone wants the good breakfast deal...($4 for oatmeal, $7 for a set meal of eggs, bacon, etc) I just got the fruit cup, but they also have nice giant plates of fruit and other goodies. Coffee is your typical cup o' joe; nothing too special. I will definitely get the breakfast specials next time I come!

There is also a really nice lady at night who gets utensils, makes sure you aren't missing anything, and even grabs ice for your bottled water. Amazing service for a food court!

Bottomline...Salads are GREAT! Breakfast specials are WOW! Enjoy!
In all honesty, I get the importance of having a good food court within a hotel.  However, I don't really see what's with the complaints when Caesar's Palace is one of few hotels where you can walk to better restaurants and eat at due to having the attached Forum Shops. Most hotels don't have that option.  Just saying.

My stars are solely for the Chinese food restaurant.  I really only eat at Ah So if I stop in the Marketplace.  The special friend rice (with chicken, pork, and shrimp) is solid.  It's $10 but hey, it's Vegas, in a hotel.

The side of wontons for $4-$5 were also pretty good.

Cypress Street Marketplace saved me from hunger pains Saturday night since Cheesecake Factory was overly crowded.  Therefore, I do not have a problem with them.
Nothing too outstanding about it but the Clam Chowder was good. And since so many complain about the high prices of food in Vegas, it was only $5.95 for a good sized portion.

The server Rene was pretty cool too.
The BBQ: We got the three meat combo (pulled pork, hot link, & brisket) and they were all pretty dry. We got the mashed potatoes as a side and they were extremely bland and completely void of any salt, pepper, butter, or anything. 

I've had he burgers at the grill in the past and it was of much better  than the BBQ.
Perfect embarkation point for The Forum Shops. Love that you can refill fountain drinks for free (I'll usually stop back after the shops and rest my feet while sipping on a couple more cups of Diet Pepsi).

I haven't had all the choices but the pizza place is good and I really like the lobster chowder joint.

Prices are high but they recently added a $1 discount on everything (except soda) for Total Rewards members.

I would recommend this to anyone who is looking to do the typical Vegas experience.
I was hesitant about eating at a food court in Las Vegas but this place ending up being very good. I ate at the Asian restaurant and the food was tasty and cheap. I also ate some pizza that was crispy, cheesy, and perfectly done. If you need something quick, tasty, and cheap then definitely go eat at Cypress Street.
Who would've thought Caesar's Palace would have a food court in their hotel? When I first stayed in Caesar's I was surprised to find one after wandering around the casino looking for the Forum Shops and actually ran into mall type of food court and it was not that cheap and not too expensive. This is great if you want to save some money and it's seconds away to the casino. So you can gamble and grab a snack after hours of playing which is very convenient. Soda fountains are located outside of the food court, so you can get unlimited refills.

As every part of Caesar's, this has a Roman theme to it with Roman architecture, with food court seating. It can get very crowded with long lines and fully occupied tables, I suggest you wait in line to order while someone else looks for a clear table.
Every month in 2012, i received a food coupon from Caesar's to use at any of their restaurants.  Most of the time i used it at the buffet.  Recently i used it at Ramsay's BurGR( at planet hollywood .)  I found out i can use it at Ramsay's Pub ( in Caesar's ) so i plan to do that should they continue to send me coupons.

several times i used it in the Food Court.  The highlights:

Bar B Q ( and sorry, not sure if they have a specific name for this place ) - people, this place produces some decent BBQ at a reasonable price - a meal will cost you about $15 - that's dang close to what you'll pay at an off-strip BBQ place ( 3 meat/ two side ) .  The ribs and brisket were dang good.  The sides ok.  The pulled pork was average.

Seafood - the lobster roll was decent - priced a few dollars high but not outrageous.  

I never tried the pizza place - the prices they charge their are frickin ridiculous !
The service was terrible but the food at Bar BQ was very tasty so I am overlooking the very slow service.  They had Bar BQ joined with another sandwich place on a register and only two people working.  Poorly staffed for a lunch time when there is a big convention in the hotel.  However, the brisket sandwich with bourbon bbq sauce was amazing.  I also got a side of collard greens which I loved.
Great expectations built up by our enjoyment of other Caesar's Palace establishments and the warm seating area.  They have a seven stars area which got me to thinking, why would a seven stars member dine at the food court.  This food court is like any foodcourt except with more upscale names.  There was the obligatory pizza place reminding me of SB___O, the chinese place, reminding me of Pa__a, a burger place, bbq, salad, mexican, lobster chowder place, and coffee/pastry place.   We sampled the pizza, lobster chowder, and BBQ establishments.  The pizza was disappointing, a poor attempt at imitating NY pizza except the crust was rubbery, the cheese flavorless and the sauce thin and watery.   The lobster place was more enjoyable although the clam chowder was bland and they didn't have lobster or lobster chowder on the menu (I think they might have a lobster roll but I don't recall, still it wasn't the focus of the menu.)  The BBQ place was not bad but the pulled pork was overcooked, the chicken portion small and it was clearly not the best quality chicken, more like KFC quality with little meat and lots of bone.  The sauce was good but not on par with the better bbq restaurants in town.

What really knocks this place down though is the management company's brilliant move making adding a combo of fries and fountain drink to your meal a whopping $6.00.  Individually the drinks are 4.25.  The cost of most of the meals are only a dollar or two more.  The $10.00 bbq combo became $16.00 with the side and drink.

I always hate places that abuse the pricing.  They would do better keeping a few extra bucks in the patrons' pockets so they could blow it at a slot on the way out.

Anyway, two adults and one child ended up spending $40.00 for a mediocre dinner.  You could do better at Serendipity 3 for a much better meal and only a few dollars more.
Ok this is very tricky if you follow directions you can get paid off in a 
Brisket sandwich you won't forget 
(If you don't like sweet BBQ sauce stop reading this  It doesn't apply to you
Balloonhead )

1) Cypress Street Marketplace is a mall food court type of thing 
     So don't get distracted  Like " that pizza looks good or the 
    Chinese place has No line "

2) Go to the place that says BBQ (probably the longest line)
     Stay in line 

3) Order the Brisket Sandwich Combo 

4) Walk over to the Sportsbook and eat 
    Game Over bit*#^s
The chinese food place is not good at all.  Hard to believe the steamed white rice was even bad.  Shrimp and Lobster sauce was very bad, wonton noodle soup lacked taste.  The only some what decent thing on our order was the special fried rice.  You could get better food at any whole in the wall chinese place in a strip mall.
In a tight bind found this place as it's right across from the Colosseum. 
The pizza was good, quick &  large pieces. 
They options cover everything from; wraps, chinese, build your own salad, choweder and mexican food. 
It's Vegas prices ($7/slice, $8.99/taco, & so on) but still on the cheaper end of what it could be.

I'll stick this Marketplace in my back pocketbook for another time!
Eh not that great.

Prices ran about $10 or so for mediocre cafeteria tasting food.  I would much more be delighted to have seen some chain fast food joints like McDonalds, Taco Bell or what not... atleast the prices would have been more reasonable for just on the go food.  

Only appeal is convenience if you're already in the casino, definitely not worth looking for. 

Better food going on the strip and just walking into the food joints on the strip like Fatburger or Pinks... which get several stars over this place.

PS. Please speed up your menu screens.  I don't need to see the same items on both screens and I don't need to look at the same items for more than 40 seconds.  It takes standing around 2+ minutes just to see all the options before it loops again!  Try that at each storefront, it took me 15 minutes just to see what everyone offered!!!
Only went here because we had to. It's the only fast food-court-y area that we could get a quick meal to go. The sandwiches here are pretty big and filling. I opted for the French Dip and my friend got the Create Your Own Turkey, where they piled basically a whole turkey onto a piece of bread. 

We also had the blackened fish filet sandwich here on another occasion; BLECH. SALTY!

When we sat here the first time, service at the seating area was amazing, but the service at the actual counter was a bit snooty and gave the impression of wanting us to go away. 

Wouldn't choose to go back, but I guess it's the best (only) quick option nearby.
I came here thinking I can get some food cheap and quick but it was the exact opposite. I had the 2 scoops gelato it was $8 that was good gelato but too expensive. I had the super dry BBQ chicken at Bar BQ not good at all
Ok.. first, don't believe the high ratings.. these are either inspired by the relatively cheap prices (for Vegas that is) or by people that simply have no taste (no offense... but some people just don't care about the quality of food).

I was at a conference here in Caesar's and I was set to try one (or two) new place(s) a day. After a long day at the conference, I was just exhausted so I wanted to grab some quick dinner and get to my room to do some work. The place was practically empty. I walked around to checkout the different "cuisines" and nothing looked worth while. Everything looked like over-priced cafeteria food. But I noticed their Chinese place and I figured that it would be at least made fresh and it would be worth the money.. I was wrong!

Before I get further into my experience, I would like to point out that I eat Chinese food at about once a month (I follow the Cave Man diet about 90% of the time) and have been doing so for years.. so I know the different types of Chinese food.

After being ignored by the cashier for about 6 minutes, she finally took my order. I got the General Tso Chicken. She kept my copy of the receipt.. wrote my name on it.. and told me she will call me and give it to me with my order! I said ok. A few other people placed orders after me. I was standing right in front of the cashier. After 3 minutes, she called "General Tso Chicken" (it looked dark red like the typical General Tso chicken) I started to walk up, but another man walked up and she gave him the order. I thought.. hmmm.. maybe he ordered before I did and that was his and mine is still coming up. A few minutes after that, she called for "Kung Pao chicken" (it looked golden.. a little lighter than what I have seen before). No one walked up. People that ordered after me received their orders.. I was waiting for about 15-20 mins! Finally, I walked up and I asked about my order.. she asked what I ordered.. I said the General Tso Chicken (mind you, she took my order!!). She grapped the Kung Pao chicken and said here! I was like.. ummm.. is that General Tso?! She said yes.. that's General Tso.. that what you ordered. I am thinking "what the f? Do you think I am an idiot?" but of course I am a nice guy and I actually started to doubt myself so I said ok... and took it. As I sat down and started eating it.. no way in hell it was General Tso.. and it honestly tasted like microwavable dinner. It just tasted bad.. and I actually like Kung Pao chicken! As for the white rice, it's not freshly packaged; they pre-package it and put it in containers to keep warm, which makes the rice sweaty from the steam and it was really dark, dry and stuck to the bottom of the container. 

I ate a few bites and just threw it away.

Now, some might be tempted because of the cheap prices, which is actually not the way to look at it, especially when it comes to food! I paid about $15 for this meal and threw it away.. then I went and paid another $20 else where to get eatable food. So, I thought I was saving 5 bucks.. but I ended up wasting 15!

If you are on a budget and staying in Caesar's, here is a way I found to save money on meals: I would make lunch my main meal of the day! why you may ask.. well, lunch menus in any good restaurant is about 75-50% cheaper for pretty much the same food. So you can go for lunch.. eat good food.. maybe order a little more than you can eat and take the rest in a box! And that can be your dinner! Just a thought.
Wow $13.50 for a Jack honey and Coke?!?! I'm from LA, the land of the overpriced drink... and I have never paid $9 even at the priciest bar. And I liked the bartender so I had to tip him too?! Dear lord. Nope. Even though Vegas is overpriced that's still way too much. Thank God for the free drinks for gamblers so I can walk away saying "well at the end of the day you paid $16 for 3 drinks..." should have asked before buying I suppose. Oh well. 

Cannot comment on the food. The place didn't smell like anything though, and I think nothing is a worse sign than being seated at a restaurant where it smells like nothing is being cooked... won't try the food here now!
I was a little skeptical about this food court during my first visit to Caesars Palace about 6 months ago. Upon my return visit this month, I decided to explore the options.  While the prices are a bit high (just like everything in Vegas), the portions are decent.  They do offer food to go, so keep that in mind if that suits your style.   

During two visits to the Asian place, awkwardly named "Ah So", I once had the seafood udon, and then the house chow mein.  Both had good flavor and the portions were large.  The seafood udon was a little sparse on meat (shrimp, squid, fish cake, etc), but they did toss in some snow peas and other vegetables as well.  They make these when your order, so it's hot and fresh. Interestingly (and in a nice way) they served the udon in a ceramic bowl, rather than plastic.  The house chow mein had a decent portion.  I took it to go and while eating back in my meeting room with colleagues, they were jealous of my plate.  One other nicety was that they offered the spicy yellow mustard.

During two visits to the Bar BQ (bar-b-que) place, the one meat plate was plentiful.  The beef brisket was tender and juicy.  The cornbread was ok, but a little butter never hurts.  Adding a side of the okra vegetable sides was a nice touch.  But together with the meat, it could easily serve two people.  We had the pork ribs in a second visit.  Flavor was still good and the meat was tender. But given that the ribs comes with bones, the beef brisket plate is the better detail. 

This is worth a return visit if I have business in Caesars.
OK so the food here is not that great and yes, it's pretty overpriced.  If this food court was located at any of the malls I frequent in So Cal, I'd probably give it 1 star and be complaining in my review that it deserves 0.  But since the Cypress Street Marketplace is located in the middle of Caesar's casino it deserves a whopping 4 stars just for existing.  I get comped at Caesar's for free rooms and I always feel obligated to gamble there (even though my luck is never good and yes, those rooms are no longer "free" after a couple hours at the slots) and when I get hungry I'm glad this place is a very short walk away.  I mostly stick with the salads and pizza.  Sometimes I'll go to the Chinese place but I really don't know why.  Their food is God awful, I guess I just keep hoping that it'll improve but it never does.
My friends and I need a fairly cheap lunch spot. It was still about $15 dollars, but the food was good. I had popcorn shrimp and fries from the seafood place. My con would be the wait. Most of the restaurants took at least 15 mins to get your food? The burger place was especially backed up.
KFC has gained my respect by selling a 2-piece chicken meal which includes a medium soda and one side for approximately $5.50. 
  In my opinion, the few employees working here did a commendable job serving a line of customers. They were fast and friendly.
Employees are really friendly.  Too bad the chicken doesn't taste like your average KFC...a little dry, hard, & tough. I'll give 'em another chance my next visit to LV. Until then I'll stick to Cane's or look for a Popeyes in Vegas.
Stop my KFC for quick bite:

Meal doesn't come with drink $1.79 extra for small drink....really?

I want water ..... $.69 extra for cup ....really??

I want knife for butter on biscuit .....no knife....really???

I want hot wing sauce .....$.40 extra.....really???

Seriously ...really??

Last time I'm going KFC ....
After years of forgetting about KFC I got a 2 fer coupon and decided to try it again.  Order was wrong but  2nd star because she was cute and friendly. Food has changed so much from 30-40yrs ago and not for the better. Even the famous gravy is watery and not the same. 

Sorry Popeyes, I'll never ever cheat on you again.
Cashier did not know how to back out an order. Another customer paid for the wrong order to get the line moving. Floor dirty, counter dirty, tables dirty. Order not take right. Cashier trying to sweep up the floor with customers in line. Many people standing around. No toilet paper in the men's room. Did not seem to have an Manager available to resolve problems 2 people came back with wrong orders. Two orders came up to the counter and the people had walked out.
Service is a deathly rate of slow! Two cars ahead of me and was in line for 10 minutes :/
This is a large, relatively modern-looking mcds. Its a bit grimy, which in mho, kind of defeats the purpose of the remodel. Why bother making it all pretty & modern if youre not going to wipe it down regularly?

The service here is ok. Food is standard mcds fare. 

The one reason we come here is for the HUGE four-story play area. The kids enjoy exploring it, and i enjoy getting a half hour of sanity.  theres a small space underneath for littler guys to play in, but this playplace is realistically more for older kids who can climb well. 

The kids room is completely closed off from the rest of the restaurant, which works great at keeping my boys from running off, and theres a separate bathroom in here just for aparents.  No changing table, which for some strange reason seems to be the way las vegas restaurants roll. I really hate that. 

Therefore they shouldnt be surprised when i change a poopy diaper on one of their posh bench seats since theres nowhere else to do it.
Maybe then they'll wipe it down afterwards... But dont count on it.
This place is terrible. It's a 50/50 chance that they will get your order right. Maybe if they could hire people who spoke a word of English, they would get your orders right.

I was JUST there. I wanted a coffee with no whip cream and extra caramel. Super easy, right? Apparently not. They put extra whip cream, barely any caramel. I paid extra for it, so I asked them to remake it. The girl did, but tried to give it to me with, again, barely any caramel. I explained that I asked for extra and even paid extra. She got an attitude with me, then walked away. Another girl asked her what she was going and said, "MORE f***ing caramel!?" 

So sure as shit, the girl had to be a smart ass and put as much caramel as she could. Literally, the entire bottom was filled half an inch up of caramel. I couldn't help but laugh. What an immature and ignorant staff. I will never go here again. This place is a complete dump. I will definitely be contacting the district manager, because the manager here is a joke and doesn't take anything serious.
Alright, so the service here is sometimes good or bad just like any other place. It's pretty clean and has nice air conditioning. What bothers me about this location are some of the employees. They really need to learn proper etiquette... not only for others, but for themselves too. You won't get far ahead in life if you treat people rudely... They're so lucky to have employed that one lady.. She's a new face there and she has such good manners. Also this other employee was super nice too. I went to get some coffee in the morning and it was pretty crowded. The lady was calm and so friendly, idk how she was able to keep a big smile on her face on such a busy day. But overall, most of the employees there just need to learn proper etiquette and not fake it. AND ALSO, I forgot to mention this major thing.. Always check if your order is all good and you have everything. They tend to mess up your orders and forget things.. And they don't even apologize. Rude.

Like this one time they messed up my order and I was the only customer there....
Have you ever tried their BONELESS FIERY BUFFALO WINGS?

One of the self-imposed rules I feel strongly about when I travel : avoid fast food chains or nation-wide franchises unless you've REALLY exhausted all plausible options.

However, this particular KFC Express holds a special place in my heart.

I won't tell you the story of how my travel buddy gambled away most of the money we had set aside for the trip (with minimal help from me, really..... although I stand by the fact that the casino staff conspired against me and rigged the Blackjack machines specifically to watch ME fail) on our first trip to Las Vegas together.

When you're staying at the Wynn, being hungry+broke+tired occasionally leads to you going across the street to the Food Court at Fashion Show Mall.

I discovered something delicious for the first time at KFC that day... something that I later learned would be very difficult to find in California, Texas, Massachusetts, and many other states I visited later that year.... There is only one reason why I will stop at the KFC Express 1 out of 2 trips to Las Vegas:  BONELESS FIERY BUFFALO WINGS.
Tried to redeem a coupon from the Entertainment Book at this location. I made sure the coupon said KFC Express. After showing this to the order person she got the manager. He not only almost threw back the coupon at me but would not even do a manager override or special. I responded by taking my money elsewhere in the food court. They were totally unhelpful and apparently they have enough business. I say go elsewhere for a positive snack purchasing experience.
Prices are higher than off the strip branches, but I guess that comes with being on the strip and catering for the tourists. Ordered the #10 chicken strips combo. The only good thing here was that the potato wedges were just cooked. The bad part was the chicken strips, they were dry and the coke did not taste like coke at all, more like it was watered down. I suggest if you want KFC, go off the strip for something cheaper and better tasting. Try their branch over at Spring Mountain.
I would always pay a visit to this place for their Holiday Pies ... Oh and honeslty i would have ordered a happy meal for myself just cause their giving out Hello Kitty watches which unfortunately they happen to run out. Boo!!!
I actually visited the McDonads inside the Walmart across the street from this place. I couldn't check in because it was attached to the Walmart..?

Anyway, Walmart McDonalds are the stingiest. Extra price for everything.

They have this cool deal though. 20 nuggets, 2 large fries, 2 large drinks for $10. Not bad if you're in the mood for nuggets.

Other than that, go to a different Mickey D's.
This one was attached to the gas station here at my corner and I've never been inside, and even though I like McDonalds. I rarely eat here except for bkfst once a week, on my way to work.  But I had to stop in and get my filling of McRib (YEA BABY) :-)  When I walked inside, it was actually VERY nice looking.  It didn't look like the typical McDonalds dining room.  It had beautiful cushion benches/booths and it was quiet too. You would've thought you were in a nice coffee house.  

The price for my McRib was $1.99 each (which seemed like a fair price) I had that and a medium fry and an order of chocolate chip cookies (I love their cookies).  

I got home, the sandwiches were hot and yummmmmmmmyyy. Fries were just ok, and the cookies were really good too.  

If I just wanted to get out sometime and go for a coffee or a small treat or bkfst. I would definitely go and relax in their dining room.
This place absolutely sucks. Every time I come here, Every Time, they screw up my order. My worst experience here was when I stopped by for a late night snack and they forgot an order of nuggets that they charged me for. i drive back around and they just closed and wouldn't even open the window to listen to me. I understand its a safety thing but they still took my money and didn't give me my food. Management was apologetic but never offered me either my money back or to give me my food. I was over it and didn't want to waste anymore time on this place.
This McDonald's puts real flowers on the tables.

WTF.

AND, it's a gas station McDonald's.  It's not even a free-standing McDonald's. Mind=boggled.

Anyways...I never eat at McDonald's but had a hankerin' one morning for hot cakes.  I was a little perplexed walking in, however, because the decor was really modern and...tasteful.  Not what you expect from a McDonald's.  A+ franchisee, A+.

Also, I learned a great thing, the greatest thing I learned in all of August 2012.  McDonald's now serves dipped cones! And, they're good.  Screw off DQ, I'm going to fancy McDonald's from now on!
Drive-thru is always fast.

I don't like going inside, though. Inside has a very different atmosphere. The staff there seems less interested in customer service. But the drive thru team is stellar.
They know what they are doing at this restaurant. Occasional mistakes but I freakin love McDonald's.
Drive through is pretty fast. 
I came with my friends, just wanting a few sodas. Drove up, ordered 2 diet pepsis and an unsweetened ice tea with extra ice. They didn't repeat the order, so I was kinda unsure if they got my order right. Sure enough, they gave me a sweetened tea (lacking ice). Of course I didn't notice until we had left the area so, there was no point in going back. Kinda disappointed that they can't get an order of 3 soft drinks correct.
Great food, even better service! One of my pet peeves getting old fries with my food, they dropped fries fresh just for my order.  Also I dropped my drink and spilled it all over, the kid smiled and said "no problems, that's what a mop is for." I was happly surprised with their great attitudes.
Disclaimer - I do not go to Arby's on my own, my husband loves this place and I will go here on occasion with him. 

With that being said though, I did end up signing up for their email alerts because I figured if my husband was going to eat here so often it would be good to get some deals on the food. They do send out some pretty decent coupons every once and awhile. PLUS - they sent me a FREE milkshake coupon for my birthday. I decided we had to go a few days ago so I could redeem my coupon.

First off this location is in the ghetto on Boulder Highway. Luckily, the restaurant itself is actually quite clean and well kept. The lobbies in Arby's tend to look a little more "swank" (HA HA) than most other fast food establishments. They have mood lighting and cooshy benches to sit on while you dine. 

Second - We went and their shake machine was out of business. *womp womp womp*. The entire reason I came was busted, but of course, my husband still wanted a sandwich. We ordered one and a side of Mozzarella Sticks. I know it's just fried cheese and how bad is fried cheese for you? "Really bad Ashley" says my inner organic-food-voice. BUT I don't care. I love fried cheese dipped in marinara sauce! 

Plus the manager here was very nice and offered us two free drinks since I couldn't use my coupon and she was willing to write on my coupon so I could use it at a later date. However, my coupon was not on the verge of expiring so I just said I would come back later.
Typical Arbys....not dirty which is a plus on this side of town....try new Hawaiian buns better than the original goes good with the roast beef
I took my kids here and their playground is cool:) had some coupons for some sweet deals as well!
If you have driven by this burger king and never noticed it, you are not alone. It is located in a super congested area with many stores right next to thrift shop. And they have a special right now that was only supposed to last for 1 weekend are you buy 1 whopper and get 1 free. Jema took my order and she was extremely sweet and pleasant. It was very nice of her to take the time to understand the order because the last time I went to Burger King what is a very unpleasant experience. Mind you, I haven't been to burger king in at least 6 years or more, so this is a very important trip.


Yeah, but my order still wasn't exactly right. So much for the " have it your way"  mantra. I suppose it has changed to "you'll eat at I give you"
DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION!!!! 

We just went to the drive-thru at this Burger King and the girl (Ashley) was so rude. We started to place our order and immediately she cuts us off and doesn't listen. We had to pull up to the window to place the order. Once we got to the window, she huffed and puffed the whole time and threw us attitude. Our order was thrown into the bag, the burgers were spilled out of the wrappers and the onion rings weren't even full. Both orders were half empty. Once we got home, we called back and asked for a manager. Whoever answered the phone wouldn't tell us who they were and hung up on us. They then called us back to harass us and blame us for the hang up. 

I will never go back to this location. Calls have been put into the corporate office. Will update once we see what they are going to do.
This burger King has its good days and bad days, however I've definitely seen more bad. The employees aren't the nicest. In fact I've been made fun of before through the drive thru. The food isn't always hot either. This store did just get remodeled and replaced their drink machine with one of those that can fuse flavors into sodas so hopefully it will improve further.
It wasn't super terrible, it really wasn't, but I probably wouldn't return.  

I've had much better fish and chips elsewhere for $6-7.  I'd rather eat the fish and chips or fish sandwich at Jack-in-the-Box or Burger King.  

Everything here was super salty and the fountain drinks were limited to diet-this and diet-that.  Yuck.

My meal was edible but it took a lot of strength to actually keep it down.
The cashier was new so bless him that he put my order as eat in though I stated to go. He also forgot my drink cup. The manager was quick to rite the wrongs. Love the rootbeer on tap. The double Bacon Burger was delicious. Could of came with more fries. A&w rocks.
Our experience here was not the best in many ways unfortunately. We just happen to be in the neighborhood while running some errands and hungry so we stopped.

This is not our first ride on the LJS train so we know what to expect as far as taste and quality of the food.

The place was empty however one customer in front of us trying to use a coupon with a new employee so that was a total disaster. We should have left after waiting 10 minutes in line to place our order however we were there and hungry so we waited and waited and waited some more.

Finally what appeared to be a Manager comes out and takes our order while the "new" employee is still fumbling and bumbling trying to understand how to input a coupon into the register.

It was frustrating for us to have to witness what this woman in front of us is going through trying to place her simple order.

No apologies to her or us for the long ridiculous wait.

The food just did not taste good either, the fish was not crisp as it usually is, the coleslaw tasted off and our root beer floats were not very floaty.

We will never return to this location, we only stopped here because it was near where we were running errands.

Common sense goes a very long way! It is too bad some people don't have common sense or manners in this industry. Also however they are storing or cooking the food should be up to par like the other LJS in town. This was the worst food we have ever eaten from a LJS and truly disappointing on so many levels.

Bad staff and bad food, no bueno!
Got two pieces of chicken in my two piece fish meal I ordered. :(  Where's the fish?
Service is super slow. Drive thru averaged 25 minutes both times with only two cars in line. Avoid
I admit it, one of my guilty pleasures is fast food.  I try my best to stay away from these joints, but I can't help it every once in a while.  This Jack In The Box location is most convenient because it's a few blocks away from my house.

I like coming here because it's at the gas station I use the most and the drive thru is usually pretty fast.  The food is always hot and fresh and I've never had any issues with taste.

My most recent visit, I ordered a Big Cheeseburger and a Bottle of Water.  Simple order, but one of my fav's.  It was as tasty as a JITB Burger can be.  It did the job.....filled my tummy.

Will I return?  Unfortunately, yes.
I'm here a lot, it's right around the corner from me. The food is always correct,hot,fresh and the staff is always friendly.
Every time I come here the ask me to "pull around" after taking my money. No, give me my food now or give me back my money. The looks you get after saying this is amusing, they don't know what to do, and what do you know? My food pops right out! Thank you sir may I have another
I just went to this particular jack in the box, which used to be my favorite because they had great customer service. Not only did they give me the wrong shake, when I got home I took a drink and water bug shell was in my mouth. After swirling it with my straw I could see the entire bug was mixed in. I will never go here again. I am so disgusted.
Would give 5 stars to the people who work here- Always friendly and nice. As far as the food, it pretty good but not amazing- not a knock against this store particularly. Very efficient and convenient for me. Keep up the good work and bring back the All American combo- great value!
Omg freaking terrible!!!! Don't ever eat here EVER!!! pulled up asked for the 1st thing I wanted .....they were out..... 2nd backup..... they were out..... and finally the third thing as a double backup they had it but not the sauce I goes with..... didn't have my side item jap poppers.... didn't have my drink..... dr. Pepper.... wtf do you have?!?!?!?!?! Your a chain restaurant u should have everything all the time..... that means 1 thing.... The MANAGER IS AN IDIOT AND DOESNT KNOW HOW TO ORDER!!!!  Go to another jack in the box. This one is terrible. Crappy customer service too
I was a bit skeptical about trying out Las Vegas's L& L, especially coming from the Bay Area.  My last few attempts at Hawaiian food in Sin City haven't been the most favorable, so I was in doubt.  I shouldn't have been when it's coming from L & L, after all, they have an award winning "Best Plate Lunch", "Hawaii's #1 Barbecue", "Best Chicken Katsu", and "Best Local Food", and there's a reason they continue opening up more of these chain restaurants.

The BF was craving Hawaiian and it was getting closer to 10 pm on a Sunday night.  His only hope was for L & L, as we weren't interested in heading to Aloha Specialties.  We were told that our order was for to go only since it was so late, but we were fine with that.

Searching for my pork lau lau (because that's what I always get), I quickly learned I could only get this order a la carte or with the Kahlua & Lau Lau Combo ($8.50 for regular which includes two scoops of rice and one scoop of macaroni salad).  So, a la carte, it costs $3.95.  I added a scoop of rice (60 cents) and a scoop of mac salad (89 cents).    The BF created a combo of his own with Chicken Katsu and the Hawaiian BBQ Short Ribs.  With any regular order, you get a free soda fountain drink too.

My pork lau lau and scoop of rice was shoved into a little box.  It looked disappointing at first.  As I unraveled the ti leaves and revealed my succulent pork and taro leaves, it actually was a heartier portion than I had in mind.  I took a bite and was pleasantly surprised.  It was rather moist and not dry at all, as with many Hawaiian restaurants.  There were nice chunks of pork and its fatty goodness in this dish.  My only complaint was that it wasn't hot enough.  Even the BF was impressed too.

I was pleasantly surprised with the Chicken Katsu as well.  The batter was light and crispy and had a lot of taste.  I found myself reaching over to the BF's plate a lot as I enjoyed his dinner.  The Short Ribs were damn good too.  

Even the mac salad struck a nice chord with me!  It wasn't overly mayonnaisy or too tangy, it was just right!  And the rice wasn't overly sticky or mashy as I've encountered before.  All in all, everything fit so well together in terms of what we ate.

Counter service was okay.  The girl was on her cell phone when we walked in, so that's always tacky.  

Overall, I was very impressed with L & L on South Maryland Parkway!  If I'm craving pork lau lau, chicken katsu, or beef short ribs, you'll find me at this Hawaiian joint!

Update! 03/06/08 - I have since realized that this review was meant for the L & L Hawaiian Barbecue located at Mission Center, 4030 S. Maryland Parkway.  However, Yelp HQ can't move this review w/o having me delete it and repost it.  Oh well.  This review was originally a four though, but now it's a two based on my most recent experience.
OK, but certainly not great. It is what it's supposed to be, a Hawaiian lunch joint.

I couldn't complain about my lau lau, then again, lau lau doesn't get much better or much worse. The macaroni salad was really good. One guy I went with enjoyed his BBQ beef. The other ordered a hamburger, and it looked like a pre-formed frozen patty, but I'm not sure. I love loco moco, but I don't think I would order it there.

When we went, it was probably about 50 degrees outside, and it couldn't have been more than 60 inside. Not sure if they were having problems with their heat, or if it's always like that, but it wasn't comfortable.
Our first experience with L & L - and probably our last. 

We ordered teriyaki beef, ribs, chicken - and of course, this all came with macaroni salad and rice (plate lunch - an island staple). It was oh so good when we ate our meal, but later when we got home, our lips were itchy and chapped. We both guzzled down a gallon of water and spent the rest of the evening feeling bloated. 

My family is from Hawaii and I love Hawaiian food - but not if it makes me feel all PMS-y.

Because of my experience here, I'm hesitant to eat at any other L & L location.
I've been to the L&L in Gardena, CA too with my dad years ago, but we stopped at this one for the seafood combo, which is barbecue short ribs [like kalbi], fried shrimp and mahi-mahi. It comes with rice and macaroni salad. Also, they have canned Hawaiian juice that you usually cant find in supermarkets, so I always stock up and 6 cans every time I stop by.
I used to go hear alot when i lived in vegas. Good, reasonably priced food. Quick service. I love the barbeque short ribs here. Not too bad..
Sure, it may not be "the best" when it comes to Hawaiian BBQ, but here's why I love L & L when I'm in Vegas:

This place is a perfect escape from the overpriced, overdone, overhyped joints that plague the Vegas strip. It's worth the very short drive off-strip to tuck into a big styrofoam container of rice, meat and mac salad. There are no frills and no pretense. At the same time, it's not as common as the McDonald's or other fast food that might serve as a break from the high-end fare in most hotels.

Most touristy places in Vegas that should serve food for budget prices usually don't. A hot dog anywhere near the strip can easily be dressed up to a $15 meal if you're not careful. There's no fear of that happening at L & L, though. The prices are always reasonable for huge portions.

Kahlua pork and the mixed grill were winners on my last visit. Looking forward to next time.
I just moved from LA, which provided very good service and food quality there. I was looking for L & L long time already, finally I got there! 
Compare to LA, it's 'good' but not 'perfect' in some reason. But still try it out, you will like it!
Coming from LA, these L&L chains are usually crowded. there was no wait here so that made me skeptical but it wasn't actually bad but it wasn't as good as the LA or Oahu locations. The service was nice, food was fresh and quick and I  enjoyed it all with my strawberry guava Hawaiian juice. I got the chicken teriyaki plate with spam on the side.
Yummy!  Everything on the menu is good. They have reasonable prices for the amount of food you get, which is A LOT!  

The Loco Moco if you've never had it is hamburger patties over rice which is then covered in brown gravy and topped with an egg!

Heart attack on a plate but so worth it!
Love their beach theme design, the best. Food is pretty good.  Open pretty early on a Saturday and my order was hot and ready quick. Big menu. Big seating area and peaceful environment.
I drove by this place the other day during lunch and was in the mood for Hawaiian food, so I stopped in for a quick bite.  I wasn't all that hungry, so just ordered their BBQ chicken rice bowl.  The bowl didn't look too big, so it was kind of deceiving that there was quite a big portion of BBQ chicken and rice inside.  The chicken was flavored just right and was very tender.  For $3.99 + tax, you can't go wrong for lunch.  Stop by and try some of their wonderful cuisine.
The food here was actually pretty decent, though the beef dishes I had were a bit too fatty. 

I was surprised when the employee had a great suggestion right away for me when I wasn't sure what I wanted. 

The teriyaki sauce is better than their grill sauce, though. Also goes very good on the white rice they serve.
I came to this L&L back in late June of this year as my last stop before driving back home to Escondido. It was my fourth day in Vegas, I was exhausted, emaciated, undernourished, sleep deprived, four pounds lighter, possibly still inebriated after attending a 3 day long electronic dance music festival there at the LV Motor Speedway, I was craving for something cheap and nutritious to get me through what was going to seem like an excruciating four hour drive, I got on Yelp and searched for Hawaiian BBQ and this where it lead me to.

I went in there thinking, "This is Vegas, it can't be as good as the L&L back home", I ordered (it was one of the healthy food items on the menu), got my Pepsi, sat down for about 10 minutes while staring at the counter girl (either she thought I was cute, or perhaps just awed by how fucked up I look, idk) anyway, I get my food, ask for some extra teriyaki, go back to sit down and immediately start devouring my food. Wow, the food tasted effing bomb!! Idk whether it was the fact I had not eaten very well in the last few days and I was starving, but the food here tasted just as good as it did back home, or even better. I was tempted to order more, but restrained myself, knowing I had a four to six hour drive ahead of me and didn't wanna have to stop along the way to do my biz. 

This is one of the nicer L&L's I been to, I really like the ambiance of it. I also liked the fact that it was bigger than the one back home and the fact that my friends and I were the only people there dining at the time. I didn't have to feel paranoid about other people watching me eat like a maniac (except for the cashier girl and my friends), I'll be back to this location when in the area no doubt.
note that the 2star rating is just compared to all resturaunts not just hawaiin ones. 
food was good. i dont know my way around hawaiin cuisine so who knows? i just know it tasted good but left me with a fast food feeling afterwards. 
 atmosphere was like.. nah just do take out. the atmosphere is like an uncomfy mcdonalds made of fake bamboo with pictures of kids in bikinis. srsly kinda creepy.
Greasiest, crappiest Hawaiian food around. If you like to eat poo then you should visit L&L.
One thing I noticed about L& L is that they are not all made equal! This location is "okay " as opposed to the one on Maryland and flamingo. The portions are huge which is great. I can usually get two meals out of my chicken katsu. The bf ordered BBQ short ribs. My food was fine, but his beef was SUPER salty. It was as if he was eating a beef flavored bouillon.  Usually salty is good, but this was a little over board. Hopefully it was a one time mistake as I love Hawaiian!!! 

The dining area was nice and clean. They had lots of bamboo and lots of island pics. One of the few fast food joints I don't mind dining in. However, be aware when entering and exiting as the strip mall it is located in is not the safest and there are plenty of vultures preying on patrons to beg for money!
Awesome. love it
I became a fan of this spot while doing a show around the block. This was the healthiest, quickest thing in the area. Consider the area for a moment, now tell me where you would eat :)

There are many combinations you can get. Can't go wrong with BBQ Chicken and Brown rice.

The staff is decent. Mostly young and inexperienced kids who at least try to be helpful.The place is typically filthy, but this is due to the neighborhood and those who visit. I imagine it'd take a whole second staff just to keep the bathroom decent.

So, if you are at the intersection of Maryland & Sahara and you are hungry for something that isn't crack, L&L may be your best bet.

Also, don't eat with chopsticks. You will look like a tool...
What is the hype about this place? I have had better food in Tijuana from street vendors. The short ribs were overdone, the mahi mahi was watery and undercooked and my shrimp were crunchy all the way thru as they obviously were fried way to long.
This was my first visit to an L&L Hawaian BBQ and if the reviews are correct about this being better than other locations then I will steer clear of them, not sure this place is worth a second chance.
Awesome double cheeseburger and fries for $5.
Food is disgusting.  meat is cold and dark color same with the calamari, dry and dry like a rubber.
I agree with Soheila, all L&Ls are not created equal. They may have the same name, and may have to follow the same recipes but it doesn't mean that they all use the same cooks nor do they cook things the exact same way, they SHOULD but they don't. Fortunately for me, I enjoyed my experience at this location.

We ordered the healthy plate, garlic shrimp salad and the short ribs plate with shrimp and an extra side of Mac salad. The plate was OK. Not sure if we'd order it again, or at least without the shrimp we chose. The shrimp was breaded and it seemed like there was more breading than shrimp. But the salad and the shrimp was SO good! 

I always knew this place was here but never had the chance to eat here, glad we did, I enjoyed my lunch that day ;)
I have come to the conclusion that L&L Hawaiian Barbecue is the McDonald's of Hawaiian food.

There's really nothing special about the food at all. It's not necessarily cheap and the flavor is lacking in nearly all of the different items I have tried. Often times, as is the case with the barbecue chicken and even in the spam musubi, the meat is crispy and doesn't taste very good.

Needless to say, despite the convenience of it being near my house, I will probably not be eating here again and can't recommend it to anyone. 

Aside from the establishment's food, this parking lot has to have more homeless people in it than any other lot in the city. Just a fun fact!
I'll keep this short.

The loco moco was absolutely disgusting (and I LOVE loco moco).  The hamburger had obviously been frozen in its lifetime, the gravy was flavorless, and even my sunny side up egg didn't taste good (how do you mess that up?).

I also ordered a spam musubi (again, I LOVE spam musubi), and that again was really lacking in flavor.

The only thing I actually ended up eating was the side macaroni salad.  I tossed everything else after a couple bites. :( That goes to say how sad my meal was.
I absolutely love this place, a boyfriend introduced it to me many years ago and I've been a fan since. I always order the same thing and the food has been consistent throughout the years. It's nice because I was born in Hawaii and there are not that many affordable places I can go to eat that not only reminds me of my childhood there but is tasty and affordable as well.
Mixed plate was good to go.  I stopped in for a light lunch while visiting the area and what I ordered was perfect.  I got the mini size mixed plate and it was just the right size for one person not wanting to be so full after lunch they want to take a nap!  White rice, chicken, beef and pork...and a side of macaroni.  All good.  Simple little place (which I like) and the guy who took my order was super nice.  Service was prompt and friendly.  I'd definitely go again.
This place is the worse L&L's. The food was tasted bland and i found a piece hair in my bbq chicken. The place was dirty and had a smell of garbage. I like visiting  and trying L&L's at diffrent states because of the variety. I don't understand how this one could not be at the standards of all the other ones.
Service is slow... by the time I finished placing my order over the phone, I already arrived at the location which is dirty to say the least. I'd rather eat in a "nasty-a$$" strip club, than eat at this dirty location. The food wasn't even what I was accustomed to enjoying at a typical L & L. Avoid this location
I've been getting the Teriyaki Chicken Musubis and OMG.. it's DELISH!!! Yummy!!!!!
I love this place and will recommend the spicy chicken to anyone. It is one of the few healthy food places in the area and that will keep me coming back.
HORRIBLE SERVICE & SICKENING FOOD 
If you are visiting or live in Las Vegas I Ryan C Hernandez would never recommend this place it is the WORSE place ever...
Coming from Florida, we rarely have a good Hawaiian restaurant so every time I'm on the west coast, I always try to find one. L&L was my first Hawaiian restaurant I've been to, and this location does not disappoint. The staff that took my order was very nice and my order came out quick, hot and delicious. No complaints about this place at all.
I ordered the BBQ Chicken Bowl and i barely finished half of it.  The rice was overcooked and soft, the chicken was not good quality and they put to much sauce on it and it tasted like teriyaki not BBQ Sauce.  My Roommate bot the BBQ Chicken and he said the same, we will both not be returning.  ALOHA KITCHEN on Maryland is MUCH BETTER! $4.99, You get what you pay for here.
I like this place very much, it's clean, fast, with good service and very good food. I'm no expert in hawaiian food, so I can't really tell if it's traditional or not, but it's a place where I like do drop every now n then at my lunch hour because you get a good, big size meal, with the speed of a fast food joint but without the feeling it's junk food. They've got a choice of dishes that include lots of combinations of meats, chicken, seafood, beef, etc. there are small portion options as well as  large servings for people (like me) who could eat a fried elephant at lunch. My usual is the chicken bbq, i love it. And personally, I absolutely love their macaroni salad, it's sooooo good! Plus, the place has free wi fi for customers so, thats a nice extra.
This review is based on what I ordered. I ordered the chicken katsu curry. Curry on the side. There wasn't much people there. The chicken katsu and everything is the same except for the curry sauce. I did notice that it was watery. Normally it's a thick sauce. I've been to summerlin and southwest. Those are the only two so far that I know of that has thick curry sauce. But overall, everything was good!
It's an L&L, need I say anymore? This one is the same as any other locations, with the addition of some shady characters that hang around outside sometimes. The food is cooked to order because it takes a while to get your food. You get big portions for the price here, but I just wish the garlic chicken had more garlic flavor. Most bites just tasted like normal BBQ chicken to me since there was no flavor at all. The chicken was tender and well cooked though. I would come back if I was in the area which is one I tend to try to avoid for obvious reasons
Last time I ate here was when Carl's Jr 1st introduced their $6 burger probably 5 or 6 years ago.

In no way did I wanna eat here but I only have a 30 minute lunch break and I work in Chinatown on Spring Mountain so outside of eating something Asain it's either Church's Chicken or this Carl's Jr. and theres always a line over at Churchs so........

I'm a sucker for NEW so I ordered the from the display advertising Steak sandwich with onion rings on it.

Just a sandwich & a drink $8 no wonder I haven't been back in awhile.

The thing was covered heavy in mayo and had lettuce & tomato-NO onion on a roll with a very thin not so tender piece of meat.

Reminded me of bad bar food.
I had bad service here at the drive thru late last night. The one who takes the order was rude. She sounded like she didnt like what she was doing. When we got our order, one of the burgers didnt have a beef patty! We returned and told them about it. The offered to replace the burger and refund the cost of it. I looked inside the store and I can see the one making the burger was on her cellphone, maybe thats why she missed putting the patty in my burger the first time.  Oh well, never again will I come back here.
Love this carls jr location the food is always fresh and they always get my orders right cant really say anything wrong about this carls jr location.
i didnt eat just got a happy meal for my son....of course he loved it....food was hot and fresh
First time hearing about this place. The food was decent & affordable the service was prompt & thorough. And I must say the biscuits were the fluffiest ones I've ever tasted. Definitely one of the best fast food places I've been too.
Brand new and they have a quick order kiosk for times when the wait is ridiculous. I wish In and Out had one of these. Food was hot and tasted like JIB should.
This is always me when eating Jack in the Box: "ugh, why do I eat this sh... oh, this is pretty gooood."  lol

I try not to make fast food a habit but, when you're really in the mood for a quick breakfast or lunch, this place does the trick.  It's the closest fast food joint to my house, which is why I guess I've gone there as much as I have (3 or 4 times) versus going somewhere else like In N Out.  The place always seems clean.  The service is fine.  The food is always piping hot.  I do notice longer waits here than in other fast food chains but I think that's because they make every single thing fresh when you order (instead of having burgers stacked up ready to be handed out).
They have great service at this location, and they never complain and give me a hardtime when i ask for 20 hotsauce and 5 buttermilks.
HORRIBLE SERVICE! SKAM ARTIST! RAYMOD WAS RUDE AND OVER CHARGED ME TWICE! I've been going to this Restaurant for a while. The last two times I've been here he's charged me over. It's principal of the matter here. And when I asked him why he did that he said "There was a recent price increase." Ok I get the increase... But I was here two weeks ago and he gave me the same excuse. Mind you this is false advertising. AND HE HAD THE NERVE TO LAUGH AT ME AND TELL ME TO CALL THE 1-800 #! Then change the prices on your boards! I would have given this review no stars as this restaurant continues to give rude service. Now off to call the 1-800 # and really give them a piece of my mind. Don't go here. I guess class wasn't part of their motto here. Very disturbing as well as disappointing.
Service sucks. Super slow.

Had to wait like 10 minutes at the counter just for them to take my order. No one else was there.......... Patiently waiting while the three workers talk about life and dilemmas and blah blah while I'm waiting. She looks at me and says I'll be right with you. A long time later finally takes my order and rudely, might I add. She doesn't even say thank you and just passed the receipt to me like she hates life.

Needs some customer service training.
At least the food was okay.
My sourdough jack was kind of dry.
Jack in my crack, my long lost friend.  Finding you was like seeing an oasis in the desert.  We got off the plane, and while i picked up the rental car, we also used the free wi-fi at the rental car terminal to find the nearest JITB.  This was it.  1 ultimate breakfast sandwich, 1 99 cent chicken sandwich and a shared order of egg rolls later, we were ready to take on the world!  We actually hit 4 different JITB's over the course of 4 days.  Service was fine at all, food outstanding.  Jack, If only you would open one in Nebraska, please!!!
Damnit In-N-Out, why the hell did you have to be a madhouse? Then Lisa informs me I went to the busiest In-N-Out in the company. Well shoot. Jack in the Box here we come. 

Chicken Fajita Pita 
Chocolate Shake.
Bathroom that was actually clean (but I caught the guy in the middle of cleaning it) 
Next to the gas station.

Damnit.I said I would pay. For Nikki's food and the gas.
Why do I turn into Mrs. Money Bags Mcgee when I go to Vegas? *grumble, grumble, grumble*
It was okay. A lot of variety though but I can't tell the difference because it's ANOTHER CHAIN fast food joint like McDonalds... Burger NOT bad but nothing too OUT THERE memorable either.
Why must this restaurant so notoriously SUCK?! With the exception of a few of these franchises, this corporation has got their big round ugly Jack-in-the-Box heads up their butts. Usually stinky lobbies with bad service and way over-priced food that tastes like they dug it out of the trash bin out back in the alley. At this particular Trop location, I ordered some fish with fries... what did I get? 3 triangles of frozen fish pieces thrown into a fryer and then loosely tossed into a carton that could hold 6 pieces, and a serving of burnt soggy fries slopped onto the tray with no napkins and no ketchup. One of the reasons this dump bothers me is because the company's commercials have that nitwit 'Jack' with his ever-annoying voice trying to act 'funny' while he tells us how cool and hip he is with his 'low-prices', 'good deals', and 'great food'. What can you say about a company that raises the price of a small cup of coffee to $1.81? The 99-cent cup of coffee should never change - even during a recession. They should give a little back to the patrons whom have made them the conglomerate they are. But nooo!.... make that extra buck, that extra quarter, that extra nickel, Jack-in-the-Box. Don't take a small loss or break even for 6 months. Well, I guess they WANTED me to avoid their restaurants in the future, because that's what I do now. Oh look! There's a McDonald's! Let's go!
I will edit/elaborate soon.

5 minutes to get our order taken (only people waiting to order)
Food was bland.
Dead cockroach on table next to us.
This 2 star review is  based on this particular location, not JITB in general.  I have recently moved near this Jack so it was probably my 3rd time visiting and before today I would of given this location a couple more stars perhaps, but definitely negative stars for my experience today. I have only been through the drive thru so I cannot comment on anything inside, but  the previous couple times have been your standard drive thru experience, nothing amazing, but nothing to gripe about until today. 

There were 3 cars in line total including me when I ordered, so I would say it was not busy.  I asked the lady for a Big chicken sandwich combo (this was a request from my sister, I was actually going to 7-11 to get a drink next door, but figured I'd just get it there since they have 1.00 all size drinks now).  Anyway so I was asked what size and then I remembered she wanted no mayo so I asked for no mayo on the sandwich. Again I was asked what size, so I wasn't quite sure if she heard the request, but I thought I'd catch it on the readback, so I said small fry large coke (because of the 1.00 special).  After that the screen flashed 4.31 and that was it.  No readback, no pull up to the window, no asking if i wanted anything else ( I did). I sat there for at least 30 seconds waiting for something, but after it was clear nothing was coming I said, hello? and I was told to pull up to the window.  I asked the guy handing me my drink(a small drink btw) what her name was, and he started asking why I wanted to know. I told him because she was rude. He was nice enough to want to fix whatever was wrong but I was mad and just wanted to get the hell out of there. I did ask for him to make sure there was no mayo on the sandwich because it wasn't for me and at least I could have it right and I left. If the food was for me and not my sister I would of just drove on through hungry because I don't know if I've ever been that miffed in a drive thru.
I've been to this Jack in the Box on several occasions. There really isn't anything distinct about it. The service has been standard on every occasion that I have visited via the drive thru and I have no qualms about stopping here again if I'm in the area.
Last week, Jack in the Box had a free chicken nuggets promo around here. Since I'm a fan of free food, I went to many locations. This one in particular doesn't seem to have good service, but they were the only one that asked me what kind of dipping sauce I wanted. Even though the honey mustard ended up being awful, I appreciate the service. By the way, the drive-thru was a lot faster than the inside for some reason.
Are you kidding me? My first time back to jack in the box in a long time and guess what? They messed up the order, AGAIN!

Went in for a quick snack, ordered our food and didn't have to wait too long for our order to arrive. As the expediter person was reading off what was in the bag, they realized they forgot an order of hash browns, which was readily fixed. Heading home, we divvied up the food and realized they forgot my main sandwich. 

I called, now 7-10 minutes after we had left the restaurant and the lady who answered the phone said, "Oh that's where this sandwich was supposed to go, they just handed it to me." Are you kidding me? As soon as I hung up the call, realized they made my wife's sandwich wrong too. They were not busy at all, there is no excuse for this many mistakes, except for incompetence.
Food items forgotten in drive through
This review is a based on a very strong 2 or weak 3, however you want to take it.

Service is hit or miss with this location. 

Problems I have experienced with this location are as follows:

*Very Slow Service
*Rude Staff
*Messed up orders

I can almost tolerate rude employees at a fast food joint because they aren't paid very well and have to deal with a wide array of people. It's a tough job.

But with that said, at least get my order correct. If I place a simple order for myself, it will almost always be correct. If I place a large order for me to take home to family for dinner, it is almost always wrong.

Let's admit, most of do fast food drive thru because of the convenience factor. So, with that being said, we are most times in a rush to do something else besides wait on our food or wait on the 2 cars in front of you getting their food. 

I love Jack. But this location can definitely improve in some areas.
I know, it's Jack in the Box. But, I do, on occasion stop by this particular Jack in the Box on my way home from work. Sure, it's fast food, but when I need a meal and I'm feeling particularly mayonnaise-y Jack in the Box is the answer. I've never been in the actual dining area. I have only ever been through the drive-thru.

The reason for 4 stars is because of the quickness and ALWAYS happy drive-thru order takers. I am not sure what this Jack in the Box is doing that is making their employees so happy, but they're doing something right.

Overall - food, is fast food. You know, it's okay and it's there and it's cheap. But service is fantastic.
This jack in the box always messes up a simple order of putting cheese on sandwiches that you ask for no cheese.. A few times I have ordered a breakfast platter and they ask just sausage or bacon or both? I simple say both.. And they don't put any bacon in the platter.. The food is great the service is horrible .. It was funny I called it out to myself that my order was going to be messed up because the person taking my order was laughing before she said welcome to jack in the box would you like to try the breakfast burrito.. This store gets 2 stars for service and 10 for good food! Just make sure you check what's in your bag before you go home !!!!!
This location is close to the local University and has sliding glass entrance doors. This is a highly frequented location, but for some reason it doesn't get the location service love.

It has WiFi and would be a good spot to get some email finished or to watch a few videos. There isn't a lot of seats but the drink refill station is central.
It's a Mc Donalds in a theorhetically good location, but getting into the driveway is awkward. The food isn't exceptional in the realm of MCDs and the two speed mountains when leaving the drive through are minor foibles. But what bums me out is the fries. This location never seems to have (and/or give me) fresh fries. Its amazing how the degredation of a McDonalds french fry goes so quickly from delicious wonder,  to cake candle garbage in minutes. Meh.
I get coffee here (sometimes). I haven't died (yet). It's a good start.
Ordered at the drive through, heard the lady take my order correctly and even say out loud to the food preparers the order. Got my order and it was incorrect. Went inside and asked for my order to be fixed. As I waited there was a guy standing next to me also waiting for an order to be fixed. He got his and walked away shaking his head. I then heard the cashier tell the manager, "man, customers today..." That's when I then decided to say i just wanted my money back. Very unprofessional. As I walked away from it all I realized he didn't even give me the correct change back. He shorted me $0.65. Never going back and will be calling the higher ups.
The manager during the shift this morning seemed rather rude to one of his employees, an older man who looked like he was still learning, and the manager had little to no patience, constantly snapped at him and was also rushing ME to the point where I felt uncomfortable even asking for ketchup. And I was only given ONE napkin inside my utensil packet. Only came here because it's right beside the school, otherwise, I'd have gone elsewhere.
I gave it 1 star for their service. I was there around 6 a.m. and not very busy at all. I ordered 2 breakfast sandwiches at the intercom and by the time I got to the window I decided I wanted to add drinks as well. The guy at the window gave off an attitude and said for future reference place your complete order back there. I said I'm sorry, I didn't want drinks originally but decided on it when I got to the window, besides I'm paying for them. He repeated himself again, for future reference place your order back there. What would you do? Would you have stuck around? 'Cuz I didn't. Good thing I didn't give him my money. I wonder what the owner would think if he knew he lost a sale and maybe more since I'm telling you?
It's McDonalds, not a class establishment to begin with. This one was a little dirty and not efficient with it's service. Waited a very long time for food during a not so busy time.
Burger was good. 
Fries were good.
Soda was good.
FROSTY was AMAZING.

for a cheeseburger combo it is $5.95. To upgrade to large it's a dollar. 
Frosty's are $3 for a small. 
They don't charge you extra for BBQ sauce. 
This place saved my stomach (strangely enough) I was hungover and the burger and fries literally kept me from dry heaving. Thank you wendy's.
WOW- the prices almost made me pass out. I like Wendy's though, and I was hungry, so it had to do.  Enjoyable food, clean food court, but way too expensive to want to come back.
$10.58 for a medium-sized chicken sandwich meal. Not very good, but one of the few places open at 2am on a Wednesday night :-(
Terrible lol. Lady that Works in the night shift was terrible, doesn't know how to take orders,, just straight our mean! Lol
This one is located alongside Terrible's Gas Station, and the Albertson's Shopping Center/strip mall. We go to this one the most (though we really don't eat fast food on  a large scale anyway, ever since, our lifestyle changes), the Drive-Thru window mostly, and on occasion, inside too (clean, locals). This one is about the same distance from our home, as the one at Paradise/Sahara (way more tourists and way more cars at the Drive-Thru too), but this one is less crowded. Inside is a little smaller, than most locations, since it's sharing space with the Terrible's Gas Station and Convenience Mart.

Since we only get three items on the menu, our order's pretty easy (cone sundae, or sandwich), so it's usually right. There are usually a few cars in the Drive-Thru window too, BTW. But it's never too long of a wait. 

The gas station/mini-mart and the whole shopping center is relatively busy during the day.
A McDonalds review? Yep. Because when all else fails it's really hard for someone to mess up a Big Mac. This location has a drive through that's not that bad to get through and usually moves fast at peak times. If you look through the drive through window or walk inside you'll notice it's kept clean. 

This McDonalds has kept me from being hungry when Lotus of Siam and Komol messed up my lunch more than once. And to be honest this review is just my way of saying thank you for being there as I know with a quick run through the drive through I won't be going back to work hungry.
Between two shows last night, I had about 45 minutes to kill so I drove the short distance here to get a McFlurry.  For me, McDonald's has become a place to get a  side salad or a quick dessert.  Dessert it was.

The drive through was packed, so I parked at the convenience store parking and went inside.  The staff was very friendly.  The only issue I had was with adding to my Arch card account.  They couldn't remember how to do it.  After awhile, a light bulb went off and I had some money loaded on the card.

I got my Oreo McFlurry and I sat in the restaurant to enjoy it.  It was good--typical McDonald's--it's the same at each location.  The restaurant was relatively clean.  There was a table that needed clearing but other than that, it was neat.  There's also free wifi which made checking my email a breeze.  It was very snappy.

There are some pictures on the walls that look like they are made of jigsaw puzzle pieces. One was of Ray Croc.  I couldn't tell if they were real puzzle pieces or if the art had been designed to just look that way.

I'll be back when I'm in the area of Commercial Center and need a soft ice cream fix.
The night employees from this particular mcdonalds are VERY RUDE!! I feel they don't care about the customers! And not only they make you wait a ridiculous amount of time but also are very careless! I don't recommend this mcdonalds! !!!
Regular longjohns experience, nothing special. The place was real clean tho.
Root beer icy.  'Nuff said.
I only come here for ice cream (polar freezes) be prepared to wait, they cook to order so 10-20 minutes depending on your order.

Love this place, the employees are always polite and the food is always fresh! 

I wish they'd do more with chasing off the punks from their drive thru lane, I really HATE summertime here and all the tweens and teens roaming around drive thru lanes.
Yesterday (4/18) was the first day that I've ever had Long John Silver's.. And it'll be the last. Sure, the food was good. Sure, it was fresh. However, it was way too oily for my liking. After one bite of my hush puppy, my lips were glossed with oil. Ech.. I don't know about you, but I would much rather eat food that won't make me feel overly guilty.

As for service, they took awhile to get my food, and I understand that since it's made to order. They were nice and all, but there were only about three people (from what I can see) working in here. 

I don't know if I'll ever give LJS another try.. But I will be coming back for their A&W side of the restaurant!
I have had my last visit here. The service is Sloooow! The staff moves like a snail and never a smile. The place looks old and rundown. The area manager begged me to give the restaurant one more chance because he said things would improve. NO IMPROVEMENT AT ALL. The last place on Earth I would ever visit again!
They were out of shrimp. They did not have any Malt Vinegar and they threw my order in an A & W bag. So I guess they were out of the boxes also.  Service was slow. Food was. Ok
Worst place ever.... Placed my order, I got a meal combo. After I paid the girls said that they were out of medium cups. So she gave me a small cup. I went to the soda fountain area to get a drink in my SMALL cup. The area was dirty. There was only one other customer in there. The tables were also dirty.  When they called me that my order was ready the girl asked if I would like any sauce. I asked for malt vinegar. Well surprise surprise they were out. Seems to be a problem at this Long Johns with running out of things.  I gave my order back & asked for a refund. I WILL NEVER STOP THERE AGAIN.
excellent place to stop by for a quick eat.

After paying $30+ for buffets, you come here and pay $8 and get a full steamy meal.  It's quite amazing how cheap and quick you can please your stomach.

The place is quite noisy with a lot of kids/families eating here.  Definitely not a place to impress your date, but if I was by myself and was in a rush, it's one of my top choices :)
Pretty much the same food you can get at every other Panda Express across the country - quick-serve Chinese.  Nothing wrong with it, but nothing grand either.  The good news is that it wasn't going to slow down our trip, nor was it going to set us back a ridiculous amount either.
Never mix Johnnie Walker with Panda Express = NO BUENO. I ordered the fried rice and orange flavor chicken followed up with a brisk rasberry ice tea. Normally I would enjoy that mix but not this time. I took four bites, pushed my tray forward, then passed out as if I was back in my stats class in college. All while: Eugine Y, Johnny G, Reid Y were taking pics of me.

Never again shall I eat this while intoxicated.
The Panda Express at the Venetian served me the worst Panda Express food ever - and I LIKE Panda Express! The food was already ready, like all Pandas, but it tasted overly salty (I didn't even order anything bizarre), and everyone else with me agreed.

Can't beat the convenience factor, of course. Maybe I caught them on a bad day?
i'm not a big fan of chinese food but i absolutely love panda express and i love it even more in vegas when my pockets are swollen and my stomach is growling. yummy!
Ok... strange right? I'm usually anti-Panda but to be honest.... I have been eating at this one for the past two weeks every few days and the food has been good. My only complaint about this one is the fact that the people serving the food all have varying portions. One day I feel like I'm getting barely anything and I'm still hungry, the next day I can't even finish my food. I have been ordering the same dish the past few times and the food has been fresh and very tasty.

I order the 2 item and 1 side combo plate. My side is fried rice when it looks fresh and I accompany that with Sweet Fire Chicken as item 1 and Mandarin Chicken as item 2. 

I was skeptical to try the Sweet Fire Chicken at first because I don't like spicy foods and it has a spicy sticker next to it.. but the guy behind the counter told me it just had a small kick to it. He let me try a piece and it was deicious.

I must say.... Panda has grown on me. Hope they keep up with the quality, fresh food that I have been getting recently.
I try not to eat at Panda express.. I don't even eat panda back at home but I was on vacation and I was hungry so I opted for it. It was like any other time at Panda and it was good. Very convenient, located in the food court with the pizza place, chipolte and micky d's right up stairs.
They were stingy with their portions and the chow main tasted smoky. But the Beijing chicken was good as always =)
We got the panda bowl with Beijing beef right before seeing Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian.  

The Beijing beef was good.
LOVE this place!! Wish we had one in NYC! Its amazing! I first fell in love with Panda when I was in Texas a few years back... I loved loved the orange chicken but this time I changed to the Bejing Beef and that was a game changer!! OMG!! That was amazing. It was like generals chicken crossed with hunan beef. OMG! Unreal!! PLS PUT A PE IN NYC!!!
Dear Panda Express on the strip,

I love you. You saved my life the afternoon after coming back to my hotel at 8am. I wake up with the worse hangover feelin like I was in the movie hangover and the last thing I wanted was some fancy Las Vegas restaurant food where I'd have to sit at the table with the whole room spinning than run to bathroom and throw it all up. I needed somethin to hit the spot and make me feel good!! And you were there panda. I turned to my girlfriend and said babe, I need some damn Panda. And as soon as we get back to San Jose were eating some!! And she turns around and tell me, we passed a Panda on the strip. You were too drunk to notice. I innmediately get dressed and stumble my way about a quarter mile down the strip and there you were. Right next to Mcdonalds lookin fly as ever! I opened your doors and it was amazing....only two people in line! You gave me great service and I stumbled my way back to the hotel to fall on the bed and open up my take out box full of rice, noodles, beef and broccoli, and orange chicken. Thank you Panda Express on the strip. You saved my life.
Food tastes like plastic !! What a place.. no customer service at all. The 2 girls behind the counter were absolutely rude. The tasteless food was overpriced. Prolly was worth $1.15 not the $9.00 I was charged. Quick tip: run away from there, go across the blvd to Chin Chin, inside New York, New York Hotel. You get charged $8 for a decent chicken n Shrimp fried rice !!
If you don't feel like paying 30 bucks for a meal and you just need to refuel or recover from that Vegas hangover, this is the spot to hit up!  
The portions are definitely larger than most other Panda Expresses and the food is consistently quasi-Chinese.  It's like McDonald's, you'll always get about the same thing taste wise.
This is the ultimate hangover spot in Vegas. Me nd my friends slightly tipsy nd majorly hungry stopped by here round midnight nd they were luckily still open. Needless to say we pigged out :D open later than chipotle nd if ur bold u can defiantly try ur luck at the soda machine. Just pretend ur drunk wit no cash
overall one of the better panda expresses, not my favorite place in the world but sadly prob the best "chinese" food your going to find in vegas.
I love Panda Express! This was my first, and last, meal on a recent trip to Vegas. The first time I got the fried rice and orange chicken bowl and it was really good. The chicken was crispy and sweet. Their chili sauce is good too, tastes kind of like Sriracha!

The second time I got fried rice and sweet fire chicken, which was mostly sweet, but if you add the chili sauce it tastes even better.  The server didn't give me as much chicken as my other friend so I told the manager and he gave me extra :)

The fried rice was good, and garlicky, just the way I like it.

Great food at a great price (I got the bowl for around $7, and it was very filling), which is much appreciated especially after spending so much in Vegas!
Picked up two entrees (~$6; credit cards accepted) to serve as a poor man's brunch. Can't beat this location's convenience, and service was good. If only they were open 24 hours...

Before you judge me, Panda Express is my guilty pleasure, and like all guilty pleasures, you're not too choosy after an all-nighter. I know Panda isn't real Chinese food, but nor is it Americanized Chinese; it's Panda. And since they're inexplicably hard to find on the East Coast, I lust after their chow mein once in a blue moon[1].

[1] Yes, it's sad, I know.
FINALLY EAST COAST PANDA!!! Just got one near me!! There is a NEW PE in Bayonne, NJ right over the bridge!!!! There is a brand new strip mall there with a Panda, a Sonic and a 5 guys!! Its the best parking lot in the world!! Its about a 10-15 minute ride from Staten Island. Went there tonight for a fun cheat meal. LOVE the orange chicken and beijing beef. Omg. Happy I dont have to wait until I go to Vegas now in the summer to get it. I highly recommend.
take it to go and they give you a ton!
sometimes something as simple as panda tastes so good in such a fancy place as VEGAS.
Food is good only because of massive amounts
of MSG.  Also, you NEVER pay what the menu
advertises because they have many hidden 
extra costs that you don't find out about until
you get to cashier.  $1.00 more for shrimp?
PUT IT ON THE MENU!!
Even though the same basic types of alcohol are served in different bars, not all bars are the same. Some bars have bartenders with heavy hands and some don't. It can make or break the experience.

Well, the same idea applies to chain cheap eateries such as Subway, Chipotle, and of course, Panda Express. Some servers have heavy hands and some don't. It can make or break the experience.

Luckily, the staff here has (very) heavy hands. It made my day and broke the button on my slacks.
Ok I will keep this short

Saturday night 2items plus fired rice entered my stomach followed by 7 shots of alcohol, all the food was back out from my mouth 2 hours later.

But seriously this location is ok, the food wasn't too hot around 6pm regular dinner time, nothing special compare to other Pandas.
The food is undoubtedly good for fast food Chinese, but they do this thing that gets me every time.  They have the menu designed in such a way that it LOOKS like your drink is included as part of it (1. Get Side 2. Pick two entrees 3. Get Drink) but they charge you extra for the drink, and Egg Roll is NOT a side, so they charge you extra for that.

Its better knowing all this, but it keeps me from raving about it.  I'm sure the prices here are more expensive because its in the Venetian too. 

All in all, pretty decent, but there are a lot of choices near by that I probably enjoy better.
Quite frankly, I am a fan of Panda Express in general just because I went to college in Santa Cruz, and sadly, this was the closest thing to good Chinese food.  This Panda Express like many others is consistent.  

One thing that irritated me about this location was that when I got there, they only had a fourth of the menu items out.  Maybe they had just opened?  I was not keeping track of time because I was too busy gambling.  

Nevertheless, they had the entrees and items that I wanted.
I love panda express, but quite frankly the last few times that i've eaten at this one in the Venetian I've gotten sick! i thought the first 4 times was just a mere coinsidence but then the 5th and 6th?? i'm fine eating at every other panda express but not this one. And I always get the same thing! I'm guessing it may not be the most sanitary panda express! Idk, all i know is i can't eat at this one anymore bc it literally makes me sick! which sucks! its so convenient bc I work in the Palazzo! Waaaa!
They are all the same.  But I am impressed that this store is fast and efficient with serving.  There is not much seating in the place since it shares a seating area with Chipotle and a pizza joint, so I would recommend preparing to get your food to go.

3 stars because I asked for more orange chicken than fried rice and he told me "No". Really????
Food is too expensive. The quality is too cheap and poorly prepared to justify the outrageous prices. The staff will likely ignore you until they feel like doing their jobs. The worst Panda Express I've ever been to.
Panda express is okay. Not something I will ever suggest to eat but at this location it's HORRIBLE. The noodles nor the rice were fully cooked. Food was really nasty here. I will nevee come back to this location.
I can't believe someone would give this place 1-star based on price and quality.

It's Panda FUCKING Express. Other than the PE at Six Flags Magic Mountain, this is the second/third time I've had it. It's cheap, it's passable, and it does the job. You know what you're walking into. 

Vegas is incredibly expensive and finding any place where you can pay $20 for two people to eat and be satisfied is good enough for me. And you're probably drunk anyways...

I stayed at the Venetian, so I came here twice and it's so busy that the food is always coming out. Does that mean it's fresh? Nope. What it means that at least it's not sitting there for hours. 

I tried the fried rice/noodles (bland), the orange chicken (good), beef & broccoli (good), and the teriyaki chicken - which was the best thing after the girl poured sauce all over it. Also, get the LARGE drink - it comes with free refills. After you're done, have them fill it up again and pour some alcohol in your drank. Be practical! 

Overall, a decent place. It's Panda Express, people. Calm the fuck down.
Nicht weiter zu empfehlen! Das Essen hat ehrlich gesagt so geschmeckt wie der Pappteller auf dem es serviert wurde. Nichts war durchgegart und der Preis absolut unangemessen. Der Stern gilt dem kostenlosen refill des getrnks. Wenn man etwas fr den schnellen hunger sucht, dann wrden wir uns das nchste mal fr etwas anderes aus dem foodcourt entscheiden.
Hopefully this help new comers. You order by selecting either lomein noodle or fried rice. Then choose either 2 or 3 sides. Typical chinese express. We ordered half lomein half frice rice + 2 sides + apple juice for $12. Pretty cheap in vegas strip standard. However the food does taste cheap as well.
I stopped at Panda Express during my visit to the Venetian during the holidays. 
I had never experienced anything like it. There was a young woman texting on her cellphone while I waited for help. Two people waiting for assistance, a gentleman in front of me and I. I am an avid texter so I decided to be patient while she went on texting.
   Much to my surprise, a young man arrives (in Panda Express uniform) and starts kissing her. It was more than the average kiss...lol! She turns to the counter and a bit frustrated makes an attempt to take our orders.
   By this time, I'm already contemplating just walking away a few more steps to the other food vendors, when a very nice Asian woman comes to the rescue and starts taking our orders. The food was great.
   I know it's fast food Panda Express; I do not expect red carpet treatment here but the kissing part was a little extreme lol! For that reason, I am giving it 2 stars.
OK, it's Panda Express, same food you get anywhere at Panda. But THIS one will charge you $2.95 for a PAPER CUP of water to go with your meal! They say Panda Express corporate forces them to do this. I can understand charging 25 cents for a cup of water if someone doesn't order food, but charging $2.95 for a paper cup of water for people ordering food... Ridiculous!
The food here is pretty good (as in it's on par with all other panda expresses), but it's just so expensive! A three-entree plate costs $12-13. For Las Vegas, this is pretty cheap, but it just seems ridiculous to pay this much for Panda Express when a three-entree plate at a Panda Express anywhere else would probably be $7-8. 

If you can afford to do it, I definitely recommend eating elsewhere, but if you're in Vegas and trying to save money, this isn't a bad option since prices are inflated for most chains in Vegas.
When it comes to a mall food court, you can't do much better than Panda Express. The food is fresh wok'ed and hot but watch your wallet because you will be paying through the nose to eat here. Yes, this location has super high food court / tourists prices. My 3 item plate and small soda came to $14.00! Fourteen dollars! I nearly fainted. The food is standard and the employees didn't want to give me a free sample of one of their new dishes -- they looked at me like I was from outer space when I asked for a sample. 

This is one of the only places in the Fashion Show Mall food court that offers free refills that you get to refill yourself. Buy the small soda and refill it all you want. They have Pepsi products. I tried to drink 8 cups of Diet Pepsi to get my money's worth. At least the food was good.
Stopped by for a quick meal after hearing about the new shiitake kale chicken breast. I didn't see the outrageous prices until it was too late. I got a bowl and it was about $8, my brother got a 3 entree plate that came out to about $13. These crazy tourist prices are only reasonable in Vegas. We did ask for free samples and got them which was a relief because I heard a lot of complaints about no free samples. The food was delicious as always, but the bill was not.
I don't think this McD has ever been remodeled. Other than a badass painting of the McKingdom, there was another thing hanging on the wall which was pretty much a quilt with like cactus (cacti) sewn in to it and there was another case that had a bunch of old pins and buttons and I don't think there was a pin that was made later than 1982 or something. One was for "McDonalds Pizza"

This thing (the painting) was pretty badass though, that's why I took the pic. It's like 10' x 6'. I think it was dated 1979. Which makes sense considering that Mayor McCheese is there and the McKingdom is there too

I swear that place has been forgotten in time. Not only did it have the vintage artwork but the soda fountain was probably from the 80's as well because the ice machine and sodas were completely separate machines and there was a pay phone outside but it wasn't right outside the store, it was across the parking lot kind of in the bushes and had some weird phone company that I never heard of on it. Plus it had an electronic sliding door on the main entrance and the "Play Place" was outdoors and even had a sing that said "Please Do Not Feed The Birds". Such a weird place. It's cool because it reminds of the way McDonald's was when I was a kid but it's scary because it's not intentionally retro, it just never changed...

It's quite the experience. It's like the "Classic" McDonald's on Flamingo .....but a different kind of classic.
OMG you ran out of ice cream too. WTH is going on?? I now that this is the desert and everything but wouldn't that give you even more reason to have ice cream. WTH. Food time here with friends was interesting. We looked outside to check on our car to find that there were a pair of employees making out behind our ride. Hmm. Ok. I guess you are on a break?? Anyways, the food is fine. The prices are a lil more than back home in LA. They have the double filet of fish though. So, that's cool. The hubby bought a disgustingly huge meal here for $21. Of course, we all shared. Had we not, I think he'd still be in food heaven. LOL. The restooms here are nice and clean. That's because you need to be let in to be able to use them. They dont give out tokens or anything. You actally have to be buzzed in. What the hay?! But you know, do what you must to keep it clean. The painting on the wall was awesome. I like that you can check out the old school pins that Mc D's used to have. It's in a glass case next to the soda fountain. Chill, and not too crowded. Gets the job done.
I used to go to this one a lot (when fast food was a regular staple in my diet, in my 20's, when my metabolism was faster, and when exercise was not such a priority)- this is one of the older ones in town. 

Recently, we went through the Drive-Thru window for some fruit smoothies. There were a couple cars in front of us. Clear mike, speedy checkout, nice girls, the correct order, and great-tasting smoothies. 

We only go to McD's for a few things (parfait, cone, and sometimes the breakfast sandwich) and even then, it's pretty sporadic- maybe a few times a year, because of the lifestyle changes we made since maintaining our weight.
I think that the preparation was a tad lacking. I used to work at a Mc D's when I was in high school. It was the perfect job for a kid.  Anyway, my filet was lopsided. It was half way off the bun and my cheese was melted three quarters off the fish. The tartar was every where and my fries were all mushy. I can't expect much from a Mc D's but goodness. There are some interesting folks who come in and out of here. THe awesome thing was that wall of the original Ronald Mc Donald and his lil side kicks. That was cool.
Employees here really take pride in their restaurant.  They made sure the dining area was clean and their napkins and ketchup station was stocked up and clean.  Well organized restaurant.  Great job!
Upon my last visit ewww all I can say is ewwww
These people at this location oh lord baby honey child they just give you cold fries. And old stale chicken nuggets they was hard like little rocks. The soda was missing soda or something it was sour. I wont ever go back to this location.. it smells funny and they looked all shocked when I asked for my money back. The outside of the bag was all wet and sticky ewwww! Thank goodness I carry hand sanitizer.
When you need a fast bite (breakfast, lunch, or dinner) so you can hit the road, this McDonald's is right off the 15 fwy on Charleston in the downtown area. It is clean, no bad people, and a fast drive thru. I gamble but not when it comes to fast and friendly McDonald's service. That is I like this one here.
This is my first time at this location and it was only through the drive thru. But tho the line was long I got through the line with in 15 min. The staff from taking my order to giving me my order was very nice. My order was CORRECT!!! That is a gold star in my book :)
I was not impressed with my visit this time to this location. Suprisingly it was by someone who is a shift manager who was working the window. How can you take my order over the speaker and still have a conversation with another employee? It took her several tries to get my order right!! Then when I get to the window she doesn't even say hi or tell me my total just puts her hand out for payment. As I gave her my card I asked her to please give me jelly and extra syrup and butter. All she did was smile when I said thank you. Took them a good 15 minutes to get my stuff as she was a way from window by the inside counters talking to employees. When she finally gave me my order I reasked that I got the jelly and syrup and she goes to reach to get some and then says OH its in the bag. 
Now I ordered Big Breakfast with Hotcakes and Bacon, two sausage and egg mcmuffins, hashbrown and a coke. When I got home I got everything BUT the HASH Browns!!!! I was to get two of them one with the Big Breakfast and the extra one I ordered. UGGG it was on my receipt. the name on the receipt stated KS #15. So not right especially by someone in Management
I have to strike this fast food venue from my normal few lunch spots for awhile.  The last two visits have been a disappointment.  My french fries were cold both times.  I ordered a Premium Chicken wrap with crispy chicken last week and received grilled chicken.  The receipt had it right so it was the line cooks who got it wrong.  Today I ordered Chicken McNuggets as a combo.  Again and as I said before, cold fries.  And I can guarantee the McNuggets weren't fresh.  I got my food before I even got my change.  It had all been sitting there well before I ordered.  Besides the food, service was terrible.  There was one lady taking orders and she was even making some of the food.  It made for some very slow service during a very busy lunch hour.  Rather than calling out an order or order number when ready, she looked at my boss and said "this is yours."  How rude!  There was a gentelman waiting for his food since before I walked in and was still waiting after I got mine.  His wife took her sandwich back and said it was not fresh.  She got a dirty look from the same rude cashier.  I miss the days of the old manager whom I have not seen in a few months.  He had the staff on their game.
Came here because I had to feed my daughter and well, we love McDonald's. So, while waiting for my mom which I dropped her off at Valley Hospital, I decided to go through the drive through. I ordered a kids meal and 2 big mac's with extra sauce, which I got charged extra for and I've never been charged before. There were a few cars in front of me but it went by quick. I pull up to the window for my food and ask the guy at the window which toy they had, as I always do. sad to say he didn't have much but one toy not even the special toy for kids under 3. So I get my food and go. When I get to the hospital I noticed I was not given the apple slices that come with the kids meal. WOW!! and this is why I will NEVER return to this location.
Went here after work for a quick Mickey D fix. I had order a 6 piece chicken nuggets meal. Sorry to say but I think it will be my last time here. Don't get me wrong, the food tasted fine by my insides didn't think so.
Pretty nice place to eat at. Yes, really. Everything looks really new, the dine-in number signs are clean, and the menu even looks different than the one back at home.

Couple issues with them not getting the drinks right in our order... didn't take down the request for "an additional coffee" on top of the one in the value meal, and didn't give me the orange juice that was in the order until I reminded them later. Also, it seemed a little slow even compared to normal...
One of my go-to's!
Food was up to par but an employee in the dining room ruined our experience.  She was on her cell phone during her break being so ridiculously loud. We could barely hear our own conversations.  Completely unprofessional and probably an indication of managements policies. Won't come again.
Jollibee is a staple in the Philippines. Ok seriously it's kinda like Fast Food Filipino/American Fusion. It makes me laugh because it's like McDonalds with a twist. The only thing vegetarian here is french fries. I was surprised and excited when I heard this was coming into town. I remember when it first came into town in LA. So this place is nestled in the Best Buy Shopping Center at Seafood City. It's next to Jason's Deli. 
There's a weird feeling when I came up to it this weekend. One....It was hotter than shit out. Two....I have never seen so many filipinos. It's like one of the islands crash landed nearby. Seriously they were like ants coming out of the ground. 
Jollibee is known for just a few menu items:
Yumburger, Double Yum, Champ Burger and the Amazing Aloha with grilled pineapple - The Burger itself is pretty thick - not your average burger. 1/3 meat. Cooked all the way through - kinda tastes hearty with beef broth or onion soup mixed into it. 
Noodles: Pacit Palabok - it's a noodle dish with thick rice noodles and sorta a thick sauce with ground pork rinds...scallions, hardboiled egg....Yea...I know Healthy right? Jollibee also carries spaghetti. But it's filipino spaghetti with sliced hot dogs and meat. It's slightly sweeter than american or italian. It's also topped off with cheese. Mmmm yea way healthy.
Finally there's Chicken Joy. YAY Joy. Fried chicken. Served with a side of gravy and rice. 
Couldn't decide so I ordered a noodle, burger, and chicken. I don't get that that often...so what? I do what I want. The lines are a lil slow, the food isn't really bad. It's not great, but you know it's a novelty. I took it back to work. Had a few bites of each and it was over. I'd definitely go back. I mean I gotta try the boba! 
If you want a taste of the Phillipines and filipina girls are out of the question - this is a good place for baby steps.
Oh no! Halo halooooooo...
 
Ok so I've had Jollibee two days in a row.  Yesterday I had a 1pc Chicken Meal which comes with a drink, rice, gravy, and fried chicken for $3.50 or so.  Good stuff to satisfy the hungry beast.  I was disappointed they didn't have any lumpia shanghai though.

Today I got the halo halo which was refreshing.  Although it had more toppings -leche flan, ube & mango ice cream, and ube halaya? and bananas -than the surrounding eateries (Red Ribbon & Chow King), it seemed to lack more of the other stuff like the beans, coco gel, and more gulaman. I made it home and the bed of ice is what kept it alive until after a pancit and fish with rice dinner.  I also had 2 peach mango pies to go and man, what can I say but absolutely scrumptious!

5 stars b/c I was satisfied with getting my Filipino fix.  

The sweet spaghetti is not bad either. Masarap! =)
First time I had Jollibee was when I went to the PI in 2005. Nothing beats having chicken joy (similar to Popeyes and KFC) with rice or Filipino spaghetti!! And the gravy that comes with it...sooooo good!

I wish there was a Jollibee in Chicago - but c'est la vie. When we meet again, Jollibee - it will be a great reunion!
your average jollibee with a thousand filipinos in it. the cashier person was rude.. i should of told the manager.
The last time I visited the Philippines was way back in '97.  We only went to Jollibee once, and I was so sick I stayed in the car.  My last trip to Vegas was just last year, but I didn't even know at the time that there was a Jollibee opening up.

This past weekend, I had to hit it up.  Even if it meant paying the $13 cab fare there, and the other $13 to come back to the strip (note: make sure you get the phone number for a cab, they don't come around there very often).  I was hungover, hungry, and already on a losing streak...Filipino fast food was what I needed.

My friends and I each got the palabok/chickenjoy combo, along with a peach mango pie.  I generally prefer Filipino spaghetti to palabok, but a few weekends ago Filipino spaghetti was all I ate for three days.  The chicken was without a doubt the best fast food fried chicken I've ever had, and while I've had better palabok (I prefer the kind with the thicker noodles), it was still pretty damn good.

The pie was also a must-try.  It beats the shit out of a McDonald's apple pie any day.

Even if you're not Filipino, you can learn to love our food at Jollibee.  Now if only Vegas wasn't the closest one to me in Chicago, I'd be much happier.

BONUS:  There was a Chow King there too, and though we were too full to try it, it was a nice surprise.
This is the best fried chicken Ive had. I can't even compare it to KFC, Popeyes, or Brown's.
This place is so popular in the Philippines, and are slowly moving East.
There's only one location in Las Vegas, but much more in California.
They serve Fried Chicken with rice or fries, they have burgers, they have pancit palabok, they have noodle soup, they have bubble shakes, its just pure heaven in the fast food race.
They definitely need to move faster East and open locations in Chicago.
satisfies your craving for filipino best selling chain for a price! good to visit with kids. The place is ususally packed on weekends. 
feels good to eat something you have been craving back home...
this place is the answer.
saw a couple of flies...maybe they were lost???
Do not get me wrong, the fried chicken here is good and so is the Filipino style spaghetti (sweet meat sauce with slices of hot dogs). I would give this place more stars but the only problem I have about this place is that the prices are so inflated! Fried chicken and spaghetti should not cost that much. Let us not forget that this is a fast food joint.
on the most recent trip to vegas it was decided that Jollibee was for lunch.  I lost the vote and followed everyone else.  We have Jollibee in San Diego and its not like i have never been there.

This Jollibee was new and the menu board were flat screen tvs. It was crowded despite going on Monday Lunchtime.  Prices seemed a little higher, but i got the Palabok and Chicken Combo.  I asked for White Meat Chicken, since the menu said there was an extra charge for it.  The cashier told me they ran out.  Always happens...how strange.  I a chicken leg and boy was it crispy.  The Palabok was greasy, but I still finished it.

If you haven't seen this location, its worth a visit.
I was pleasantly surprised to learn there was a Jollibee in town. For those of you that do not know what Jollibee is, it is a fast-food chain that is wildly popular in the Phillippines. I read a favorable article about the company a while back, and I wanted to try it out for myself.

Jollibee is located by Boulevard Mall inside a seafood market. It is bright, clean, and has flat-screen TVs with shots of people enjoying and eating their food. The people behind the counter were fast and efficient, and I got my order quickly. I had my hands full of stuff, so the lady behind the counter was nice enough to bring my food to my table, which was very nice of her. The girl who was cleaning the floors even opened the door for me when I entered the restaurant *and* when I left, which you NEVER get from fast food places. That really impressed me.

I ordered a combo plate which consisted of one piece of fried chicken, palabok fiesta noodles that had eggs and some other stuff in it, and a drink. It also came with a side of gravy for the chicken, but I did not care for the gravy very much, nor did I think the noodles were all that great either. They were both about average. I did like the fried chicken and it turned out I didn't need the gravy after all. What really surprised me was the peach mango pie I had for dessert. It was really tasty and puts McDonald's pies to shame.

This is a good place to bring kids and is very family-friendly. I would come back, but I'd order something else instead. I gave them one extra star for service, otherwise the food itself is only a three. For fast food, it is a little overpriced ($9 just for myself is a little much), but Jollibee is good to try if you want something different from the national fast-food chains.
Filipino interpretation of American Food, Hamburger and Fried Chicken. Of course there are the basic Filipino fare palabok.

over all the prices are comparable to Macdonalds.
Is the food good?  Unless you're Filipino, the answer is a resounding no!  For some reason, this place is like catnip for my Fiancee and her Filipino family.  The clear standouts that make this place worth the trip are:
1. Cheesiness.  No more cheesy than your average fast food place, but this is Pinoy cheese!
2. Chicken Joy.  This is some damn fine fried chicken.  I'll give them that.
3.  It will make your Filipino in-laws happy!
4.  It is a quick and easy way to get some halfway authentic Filipino food somewhat easily.  

Give it a shot, I would even suggest driving across town for it, but you probably won't need to go twice.

ps.  I plan on copying and pasting this review into every Jollibee I've ever had the pleasure of being forced in to, just so you can see what I am subjected to on every vacation.  *sigh* the things we do for love.
Not a bad place to get lunch. The only thing good here is the chicken joy with gravy. The new 99 cent corned beef sandwiches are gross, the tasty burgers has too much lady's choice or mayo. If you had to choose, go right next door to chow king.
Another Chicken & Burger joint that has popped up over by Boulevard Mall...so I decided to give it a go.

Located inside the Seafood Supermarket I had NO IDEA it was a filipino fast food franchise..It simply READ Chicken & Burgers...

I don't really have much to say on this one....I barely got past the smell of the burger to take the one bite I tried before spitting it out. Definitely an acquired taste because the place was packed and everyone else seemed to be enjoying the chicken meals not too many eating burgers:(
This was probably the last time I will enjoy Jollibee.  Don't get me wrong, it tasted great but you can almost feel your arteries clogging up from the unhealthiness of it all.

If I didn't give two cents about eating healthy, I would eat here all the time.  They have the best fried chicken.  KFC, Popeyes .... whatever .. doesn't come close to Jollibee's.  
Of course they are renowned for their palabok.. it is pretty damn good.
Sometimes I need to get my (Filipino) Chicken on. I love fried chicken and grew up going to Jollibee as a kid.

I am not much for their burgers and I dunno if I like the Flip "interpretation" of burgers....but I must say it is tons better in Philippines than it's done here. I skip it. 

It's about chicken. Period. I do think this is a good fast food chicken and rather go here than KFC anyday. Plus, I'm a ricer and I like my chicken with rice...unless it's a chicken and waffle joint then I heart that too. 

Spaghetti- keep in mind, again filipino style so it has ground beef, hotdogs, with a sweet sauce with cheese. I like this on occasion.

Palabok is okay here, but rather skimpy on toppings. The BF rather get it at Chow King if we're strictly picking from chains in the same center. 

Don't forget the sweet stuff. I loove Ube and Pandan shake and the mango pie is the bomb. Ef the pies at other fast foods.

 It's kinda a rarity for me to eat, I unlike my peoples are not magnetized to my peoples foods. Still, I come when I'm in the area and I am up always to eat some good fried chicken.
After much insisting from people of the Filipino persuasion, I finally gave this place a second chance. The first time I tried the chicken from Jollibee in San Francisco, I didn't see what the big deal was...I thought they should have changed the name to Regularbee. 

So I was a little hesitant, but super hungry and ready to rip this place apart with my preconceived notions. But once I bit into that chicken,  my mind was definitely changed. OHHHH so this is what it's supposed to taste like? Okay NOW I get the hype.

Though there were a couple things I didn't like - they forgot some of the stuff we ordered with our meal and didn't give us extra utensils (it's not that big of a deal but we ordered enough for 4 people and only got one fork), so we kept having to check to see if we had all our food and went back up to the dude a couple times. Also the drink station and dining area was a little messy and unkept...the workers were bringing out food to people so I'm sure at least one of the many saw the state of things and clearly did not care. 

All in all, I'd say my chicken was a redeemer. If I ever stop by here again I'd take the food to go.
I HATE this Jollibee!!!!!!! I come to Vegas once a year and for the last two years they messed up my order!   Both years I asked for a cheeseburger plain just meat and cheese only. Any mcdonalds could get that right. But no jollibee can't. They had the nerve to tell me plain just means no sause and I have to say cheese only!!!  And then they take it back in back and wait fiv minutes an bring it back out with everything just wiped off with the sauce smeared all over still.  So never going back again!!! If you want anything plain or something different from them just go somewhere else becaus they don't have the brains to fix it for you!!!!!!
A friend and I were in Las Vegas for a competition recently.  Our plane arrived just after lunch time and due to the dearth of food during the flight, we were starved.  With all the wonderful restaurants available to us to grab a quick bite, we chose Jollibee.  We quite literally dropped our luggage in the room, hailed a cab, and set off for Jollibee.  "Crazy", you say?  "A fast food chain, seriously"?! 

Why.... yes!

We both developed a love of this place while living in the RP.  As there are no Jollibees in the Detroit area, any chance for us to go to one must be taken.  Now, if you are not of the Filipino persuasion or raised around Filipinos, you probably won't understand the obsession.

Of course, I realize that may appear to be somewhat dismissive of non-Filipinos, but I base it on the fact that the Filipino palate is very different from that of the typical American (or pretty much anyone else).  Most Filipinos like a mix of savory/sweet/salty in their food which many non-Filipinos find a little jarring.

Take for example, the spaghetti.  To most people, the thought of hot dogs, spam, and banana ketchup in the spaghetti sauce borders on sacrilege.   To the Filipino, this is normal.  How about serving fried chicken with 2 scoops of rice covered in brown gravy?  Totally cool with my Flip brethren, but completely wacky to most everyone else.  Then there are the burgers - a little fattier, more finely ground beef, garlic and onion laden, and typically covered with a sauce of banana ketchup and a sweet mayo.  When I have described this to my friends, I typically receive a look that I interpret to mean, "What are ya, nutz"?!

My point is that when Jollibee decided to cross the pond, they opted to market to their base... Filipinos.  They didn't change anything to suite anybody else but Filipinos.  (And consequently chose to set up franchises in areas with, unsurprisingly, large Filipino poplulations).

The food at the state-side Jollibees is comparable to those in the RP and provides a much needed taste of what is my spiritual home.  Comparable (and good), but not quite the same.  How do I mean?  Please, read on.

Of the items served, the chicken is closest to what is served in the RP.  It is crispy, juicy, a little salty and served with the obligatory rice, though you can get pancit palabok (rice noodles with a shrimp sauce, ground pork, egg, and chicharon) or sweet spaghetti instead.

The burgers at the state-side Jollibee tend to be a little drier (probably due to the lower fat content of US cows) and not as flavorful.  Tastewise, close to the RP ones, but again, not quite right.

The spaghetti isn't quite as sweet in US Jollibees (but still much sweeter than most people are used to).

These minor differences aren't really enough to down grade Jollibee from 5 to 4.  No... the down-grade results from 1 admittedly petty complaint...

US Jollibees don't serve one of the most popular items that is available overseas... the Jolli Hot Dog.  This is actually my favorite item and I lament the fact you can't get it here.  What makes it so special?  Again, the sweet/savory thing.  The hot dog is served with the ubiquitous banana ketchup, mayo, and a shredded, white, Velvetta-like cheese (yes, Velvetta).  Yes, I realize the very thought of ketchup and mayo on a hot dog is tantamount to heresy is some places and I will freely admit to being an aficionado of the Chicago dog paradigm.  But after eating hot dogs dressed as above, for 5 years, one develops a craving for them (as well as the sweet spaghetti - I actually prefer it now:  weird, I know).  I've tried replicating them at home to no avail.  It is disappointing, to say the least.  (See, I told you it was a petty reason for the down-grade).

I truly love the food at Jollibee.  It is the Filipino interpretation of some American staples, that has become a unique form of Filipino soul food.
I love jollibees!
After having jollibees in the philippines, I had withdrawal. I made sure to make it a point to eat here while we were on vacation in Las Vegas.

I ordered the Chicken with gravy and spaghetti combo, and it was delightful! Everything I ordered was hot and fresh, so that was a plus.
My friend ordered the palabok (type of noodle), and it was pretty good!

I just wish they had a chain here in Chicago!
I heard about Jollibee by reading a Harvard Business Review case on the company and was interested to try it out for myself.  I was surprised to discover two locations in Vegas.  I gave the Seafood City location a try.

I knew it was a Filipino fast food joint that had food that catered to that demographic.  Since I'm an "white-washed" Pacific Islander, my taste in food leans more towards a traditional American taste than the islands....so, I knew I was in for an adventure.

I decided to sample a little bit of everything.  I had the Shanghai Rolls, 99 cent Corned Beef Sandwich, 99 cent French Fries, and a Champ Burger.  To wash it down I had a bottle of Water.  Since I ordered to eat in the restaurant, I was issued a number and waited for my order to be delivered.  The order came out in two batches since it took a while to cook my Champ Burger.

The Corned Beef Sandwich was very small....about the size of a Slider.  It didn't have much flavor to it....kind of bland to me.

The Shanghai Rolls were very good.  They were tiny, pinky sized Rolls that had the texture of Lumpia.  They were pretty good but you didn't get much for 99 cents.

The French Fries were just ok, nothing special.

The Champ Burger was a mess.  It was very sloppy with the Mayo and Ketchup running down the sides of the Burger.  It has a different taste to it....I don't know what it is....but it doesn't taste like a regular Burger.  I didn't like it at all.

The joint was really busy and had at least 10 people in line during my entire visit, which was around 2 pm.  That's pretty impressive.

Will I return?  Probably not, it wasn't for me.
For a grocery shopping lunch stop the food really hits the spot for me. It's dark meat chicken fried and served with hot gravy and noodles... Yum!
Ahhhh, finally!  After all these years, I finally got the opportunity to go to Jollibee!  

I didn't really feel like eating the fried chicken, so I got staple - tocino and eggs.  Delicious.  Heaping pile of rice, tons of tocino, yummy eggs - perfection!  They also have vinegar and soy sauce available at the front, so that's always perfect to top the rice with or dip the tocino in.

What really caught my eye on the menu were the lil slider sandwiches.  They had everything that brought me back to my childhood - corned beef, spam, egg.  It's like, this is what my Dad used to make me go to school with for lunch...seriously.  I couldn't resist and also got the spam slider - which really tasted like my childhood.  Oh, good times.

Oh, and they had an ube freeze/slushie thing.  Food coma, yo.  But, sooo worth it!
My first Filipino fast food place I've been to. Not bad. $1 corn beef or spam burgers. I bought 24 of them for my friends before going out. This was cheaper than going to a lunch buffet at the Wynn.

I actually wished they had one of these in Chicago. The employees were really nice; always smiling. If I had to guess, I think they came straight from the Philippines.
My Caucasian friend spotted the sign while passing by Maryland Blvd. He had severe craving for it (he last ate one in LA a few years ago). So we found the place for lunch the following day.

I was trying to keep an open mind but I don't go fast foods as a rule. I feel they are tasteless, salty, greasy, boring, and not worth the value.

I believe I had the Palabok Fiesta. The thin rice noodle covered by the sauce. I could not decipher what's in the sauce. It's a brown paste, with a 2 slices of boiled eggs on top. 

The taste was boring and bland and salty. The portion was so pathetically small that I swallowed in 2 bites, for $5 (I chose not to include drink).

My friend had burger steak. It actually came with a side cole slaw too. It was salisbury steak with mushroom sauce. I had a bite....  Wow! The cole slaw tasted OK in a Filipino fast foods chain. The dollar bite size corned beef burger... well. It's canned corned beef put inside a dinner roll. I can do the same at home if I really want to go for this.

So diners, if you really want to live an American life (Madonna, hear this), it's an option. It's too pricey for my simple taste.
I guess Jollibee is ok, I'm not a big fan of they're food. It's alright, not the best fast food place to eat but i do like they're apple pies. Other than that the just taste mediocre to me. Jollibee has a variety of food from burgers to spaghetti to chicken. Jollibee has two locations one in Maryland Parkway and one in Summerlin. It's probably the most famous Filipino fast food franchise, it's like the McDonald's of the Philippines.
By far the best friggin gravy and chicken skin ever..  The only downside was that it's pretty expensive for the portion size, and if you only like white meat like myself, then be prepared to wait 20 minutes or so..
Gross. I know my fellow Filipinos would decry me as unfaithful to my country but this shit is straight-up garbage. If being Filipino means liking Jollibee, then I am in for some serious identity crisis.

I simply cannot back up this establishment. Like seriously, this is not Filipino food, well most of it isn't. A more accurate description would be a disastrous take on American and Italian food. Sweet burgers and hot dog littered spaghetti? Ugh. Soggy fries? Ugh. So-So fried chicken? If I was starving, maybe. Filipinos who grew up eating here adore the shit out of this fucking bee. Their only redeemable item was their fried mango pie and even that made me go in to a tailspin. Why? Because there was a pube on my pie. Oh lawd. This is not good. 

On a forealzies level, if you're unfamiliar with this place, keep it that way. You'll save your hard earned cash and avoid food poisoning. It's overpriced and so not worth buying that teriyaki burger or hot dog spaghetti. Instead, for burgers, hit up In-n-Out, it's cheap and delicious. For spaghetti? Go to Parma in Summerlin, kinda pricey but it's far more authentic and savory. But please, do not be lured by the creepy bee. You have been warned.
I first heard about this Filipinos fast food joint when I was in Honolulu a few weeks ago. They just opened one up in Waipahu. There was such a long line up there everyday that I didn't even bother to go there. One day while I was driving along Maryland Parkway and happened to see the big sign of Jollibee on the wall next to the Filipino super market "Seafood City". Since I didn't see any line up, I decided to try out this place. Surprisingly, there was no one at the counter ordering and only 4 customers eating and this was lunch time! Someone told me to try their fried chicken but I opted instead for the Palabok Fiesta because it's healthier....LOL. I was disappointed as the portions were very small. 

I guess my taste buds are not used to eating Filipino food as I found the rice noodles overcooked and not that flavorful.  I don't think I would go back there again.  Sorry!
You can never go wrong with their spaghetti w/ chicken joy, plus peach mango pie!
Ok now. For this location. I went to this spot on Wednesday, because I was on that side of town for a meeting. After my meeting, I decided to stop at the Jollibee because I really wanted something from there. As majority of the time, I usually get the Tocino meal. Well, needless to say, that is exactly what I got for lunch. I got the Tocino meal, a lumpa rolls, and a Baku Pandan drink with bobas. Of course because it was lunch time, I had to wait for a little bit since the Tocino meal is a breakfast. YES. the serve breakfast all day. THANK GOODNESS. Thanks to my Filipino friends, I now where to go, when the gals are not cooking. hehe. Thanks, ladies.
I can only tell you that the pineapple burger my co-worker got for me, I really liked.  Can't wait to go there and try something else.
Its Jollibee foo! "Joylicious" in every frigging way my friends! Where you can get your Filipino fix of fried poultry, garlic fried rice, lumpia, spaghetti, pilabok. and breakfast meats! This place is about comfort not quality; kinda like the McDonald's/KFC of the Filipino world. 

The food is always like a friendly call girl....cheap, easy, ready when you are, and always leaves you wanting more! lol

Definitely try out the breakfast foods, Tocino (Sweet Cured Pork) and Spam (Spam :) ) are the better ones, the Longanisa (Spicy/Sweet Sausage) its just a spicy hot dog and not the real deal here. Also they have burgers which are 2nd rate, so stick with the fried chicken, pilabok (Glass Noodles Vermicelli with a specific flavored sauce) and sides. They are greasy but damn tasty! The Peach and Mango pies are 2 for $3 and worth every penny!

Service is fast, friendly, and comes with a "Thank You Mamsir!" lol
Oh my! Are those Vienna sausages in my sweet spaghetti? That was my first reaction when I went to Jollibee in the Philippines. Just like how the Philippines are an amalgamation of different cultures and cuisines, the menu here reflects that in fast food form. The fried chicken is not the best but cheap. The spaghetti sauce is similar to ketchup. Their boba is fresh, warm, and sweet. Lacks the chewiness and the drink unsettled my stomach for the rest of the day.
I ended 13 years of Jollibee sobriety here a couple of weeks ago. I hadn't had it since I was in the motherland in '98. 

Amazing is all I really have to say. I'm certainly biased, but I really don't give a damn.

Yumburgers and Chickenjoy forever.
Triple F -- Filipino Fast Food -  but try the burgers and the hotdogs last.  The palabok is good, the spaghettis is passable.  The breakfast items are the best.  Service is always spotty.  Just remember this is a FAST FOOD place!
Like most food, you would have to have been raised on or grew up with it to really like or appreciate it...

Such is the case, with Jolibee's Fried Chicken. Just about every table had one, so the wifey and I decided to share a plate to see what all the hype was about, and I also got a peach pie because it really looked like how the old school deep fried apple pies Mc Donald's used to have waaaay back in the day(STILL searching for that to this day)

How was the chicken? The Colonel still kicks the Bee's A$$....IMHO

How was the pie? Close but no cigar....ALOHA!!!
One of my fave Filipino fast food restaurants here in Vegas.
I don't quite get this place or why Asians love it, but it is very good :)
Jollibee is the most fun you could ever have at a fast food restaurant.

It's called Jollibee for crying out loud! One of the plates is called the Chicken Joy. How can you not smile after hearing those words? Unless you are a complete banana.

The other day, I popped in for lunch and got the fiesta noodles. Basically, it's rice noodles, topped with brown sauce. I also got a side of the corned beef sliders. 

A funny story about these sliders. A few years back, I stumbled into a Jollibee in Koreatown (LA) after a very intense happy hour, and accidentally ordered these sliders. Ever since, this has always been a go-to item for me.

The service at this particular location was pretty good. I got my order within 4 minutes. I took it back to the office, but nothing was missing. Definitely better than the other fast food options in the area (McDonalds, Burger King, etc). Plus, who wants to eat at those places? Jollibee is where it's at.
Jollibee is a filipino fast food chain. The first time Kalila ever had it was in the Philippines itself! 

This place is great for a quick palabok (they call it "fiesta noodles") fix. Their chicken Joy is comparable to Popeye's or Church's fried chicken.

Kalila's favorite is their Jollispaghetti. Filipino spaghetti is typically sweeter and has hot dog in the sauce.

My favorite thing to get is the corned beef mini sandwich.

They have other filipino favorites like halo-halo, taro drink, sotanghon soup, etc.

Only problem is that when you leave Jollibee (located inside the seafood city market center), you will leave smelling like food.
staff are definitely incompetent! I ordered a spicy chicken and the cashier asked me if I want tabasco... REALLY!?!? Those who are off the clock should not hang by the counter chatting with those who are still on the clock!
My girlfriend often comes to Seafood City and she told me we needed to stop by to get something.  Then we happen to come along Jollibee, it seems like a nice little establishment.  I didn't really know at the time that this was a big chain.

I have tried the purple Boba slush and it is farely decent.  I don't really get the appeal of the place, I'm guessing this is like a KFC of Filipino food?  The staff seems helpful and I'm sure I will try the food selection sooner or later.

As for now, I think this place is A-OK.  The prices seem reasonable, I'll be back to give it a more in-depth try.

#TryItBeforeYouBuyIt
#GettingMyFil
#SampleSize
Jollibee is a Filipino based fast-food restaurant. They have really good fried chicken. I love the spicy chicken. They give rice and gravy on the side. I always order a side of fries and the awesome mini pies. I had Jollibee when I went to the Philippines in 2007. It is almost exactly the same!
This has got to be one of the best tasting fried chicken I've had anywhere! Ordered the two piece meal with rice, container of gravy and a drink. Good service and clean restaurant. Reasonable prices.
This place gets a 3 stars for its nostalgic value of the Philippines. Other than that, I wouldn't say the atmosphere or menu boasts anything special. They have their signature chicken joy, Filipino style spaghetti (it's comparatively sweeter than the italian um...prototype?), all day breakfast combos with a choice of corned beef, beef tapa, sausages, egg, and rice. It's really just another fast food chain - themed up Filipino style. 

On to the more positive aspects though, you wouldn't want to miss the halo-halo. It's a famous island delicacy dessert composed of shaved ice mixed with evaporated milk and topped with all these goodies like ice-cream, leche flan, beans, fruits, jello. Not bad, I say, although I've tried waaaay better halo-halo back in the Philippines. 

To be honest, with Jolibee, what you see is what you get for the most part - except their little pan de sal bites. Don't be fooled by the ad sizes, they aren't that big and for 99cents an order, you would rather get a pack of bread at the next door Filipino bakery instead. Also, if it helps, they've also got a television placed above the drink machines playing Filipino Dramas and game shows. So if you are into the TFC channel, this is a good place to stop by and enjoy your meal to.
I had the fiesta noodles which were okay but I wasn't in the mood for noodles though. My boyfriend ordered for me since I had a little difficulty in deciding. Their chicken is pretty good. Crispy and juicy! Fries were a no brainer as well. 

But then I had the peach mango pie... I was in heaven!
I love love love their fried chicken. I don't know what try put in it, but I find it highly addictive!!! The gravy goes well with their delicious fried chicken. Spaghetti is different, sweet with hot dog, but it is also tasty. But their fried chicken is out of this world tasty to me. I prefer jollibee fried chicken over any other fried chicken at this point.
Being a proud Filipino, seeing a Jollibee is akin to seeing the Golden Arches for Asians.  Although I do like me some McDonald's every once in a while, I try to stay away from too much fast food.  Ruins the palette!  Not to mention the diet.

Jollibee is on the average with every other fast food joint in and around the US of A.  It does strike a chord for many Filipinos stranded in the 9th Island that is Las Vegas.  The memories are a welcome to most, and to food for me at least is just OK.

We visit Jollibee when the family feels like we get too American.  Gotta remember your roots!  Ironically, Jollibee is as Americanized Filipino as you can get!  Flavors are totally changed to a more Westernized taste bud.  For crying out loud, Jollibee's website it located at www.Jollibeeusa.com!  That said, they do serve some decent dishes.  

Jollibee serves breakfast, as well as a main menu that goes for lunch and dinner.  Ok, breakfast...is not your health-conscious oatmeal and egg whites.  You got your garlic fried rice (breakfast of Filipino champions & vampire hunters), fried egg, a slice of tomato for good measure, with your choice of pork, corned beef, beef tapa, milkfish belly, pork sausage (which looks more like a hot dog), or my beloved SPAM.  MMMMM...tasty!  Please be sure to have lots of liquid with your breakfast here, salt city baby!  But for some reason, comforting.  Although my mom does a much better breakfast with her leftover bacon-fat and garlic fried rice, scrambled eggs, and Uncle Louie's (Maui's own!) Portuguese Sausage.  *DROOL*  I miss my Mommy.

Jollibee's main menu is very, very varied.  Typical stuff you would find in a fast food burger place, but some curveballs thrown in for good measure.  You got your hamburgers, cheeseburgers, hot dogs and your fries.  But add on their Chickenjoy to the menu.  Fried chicken yeah!  Along with mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, and of course..white rice.  Wait, there's more!  Want some spaghetti?  They got it at Jollibee too!  Filipino spaghetti is the norm, but the difference is the meat sauce is made sweeter with the addition of a nice dose of sugar.  Ooh, my glucose levels.  What, not Asian enough for you?  Jollibee also serves up classics as Pancit Palabok (aka 'Fiesta Noodles'), as well as a nice crispy bangus fish plate.

Food's not bad, I usually end up getting a spaghetti and Chickenjoy combo plate.  Did I mention the gravy for some reason is really good?  I'd probably put it on a shoe (a clean one) and gnaw on it.  The burgers are decent, but I've had better pancit in other places.  But I warn you diabetics, choose wisely!  Me thinks a lot of their food has added sugar in it.  Sweet!

Jollibee also has some dessert offerings, mote notably their Halo-Halo sweet treat.  I like theirs because they add a scoop of vanilla and ube ice cream on top.  I just wish they added more fruit, more ice, and less sugar.  Plus come on, the price is a bit much!  About $5 for a large one.

So if you're new to ethnic food, or want to impress that Filipino date of yours, don't go to Jollibee!  Ha Ha!  Go eat at some real, authentic Filipino establishment!  If you're craving a quick fix of Asian fast food then Jollibee might just be the ticket.  And take a pic with the Jollibee mascot, all the other Asians do!  Although he does creep me out a bit.  Damn you, Stephen King and IT...scared me off of clowns for good.
This is the place I visit when I want a delicious mango cake or fruit cocktail dessert. But, when I crave "Halo Halo," there is NO ONE in town who makes the best ones. I say so because i have tried many and no one makes them like Jollibee on Maryland Pkwy. I don't like the ones at their other location in Summerlin because they are stingy with the  proportions of everything. Like adding two beans of this or two pcs of jello. Please, be generous with the proportions when you are making a Halo Halo and paying close to $5.00 bucks for it!
Best Filipino Fastfood!
No matter what, their food will never be worth it or better than the Jollibees in the Philippines. At least the McDonalds in the Philippines has the same recipes. Jollibee just doesnt quite taste the same. Its overpriced and it takes away from the "fast food" prices. I still like their boba & gravy though. Hopefully, they add on something new to their menu that drives me back whenever I go to Seafood City.
It is a filipino fast food chain and I have always loved their fried chicken, since its the only thing I have ever ordered there.

The chicken is very crunchy (which I love about it) and juicy.  I usually get mines with a side of rice and either fries or corn.  If you like Popeye's then maybe you should give this fast food chain a try.  Also, while you eat your food you can even enjoy some filipino tv shows inside Jollibee.

Lastly, the service and the prices are A-OK.
Moist, succulent pieces of fried dark meat chicken! I love chicken joy, my fatty self loves drowning the chicken meat in the gravy...the skin needs to be appreciated in its fullest, crispiest form without the gravy.  Even the little spam biscuits with mayonnaise are surprisingly tasty.  There is nothing healthy here that I can see....but bad food is my pleasure.
I watched Anthony Bourdain's new show "Parts Unknown" on CNN, and in this week's episode it was on Koreatown in LA. After watching this, I was starting to plan my foodie road trip to Los Angeles. I saw that he visited a Jollibee on that episode, and I remembered that there was one in Vegas. I went to the one here, so that it would help save some time when I get to LA (also to help save my stomach). I stopped by before going into work to get some food, to go.

This Jollibee is located in the Seafood City supermarket between Flamingo and Twain on Maryland. You can't miss it because it has a huge sign, and it is right next to the Best Buy. Parking here can be tricky, sometimes the lot is packed, and other times there is plenty of parking near the store. After you walk in, there is Chow King on the left, and Jollibee is on the right.

Jollibee is actually a chain of fast food stores. It is considered to be the "McDonald's" of the Philippines. There is a menu full of items: sandwiches, fried chicken, entree's, breakfast items and desserts. I wanted to try the same item's from the show, so I picked out an Amazing Aloha Burger, a little big bite Spam sandwich, and a Halo-Halo. There is a counter similar to fast food places where they take your order, and after ordering, the'll give you a number and you pick up your food when they call your number out. My order was done pretty quickly, and the employee's were nice.

Amazing Aloha Burger - A large burger that comes with Aloha sauce, patty, lettuce, cheese, bacon, and pineapple. The advertisement picture is misleading, you only really get a quarter of a slice instead of a round slice, of pineapple. The burger itself was very good. The meat was tender, and the lettuce was fresh. The Aloha sauce was more on the sweeter side, and it complimented the sweet-sour taste of the pineapple pretty well. The bacon was the key, it tied all the flavors together, without it, it would be a boring burger. The only complaint would be that I wished the pineapple slice would have been the same size as the one in the advertisement. But other than that, it was a good burger for a fast food joint.

Spam little big bite - A slider made from a sweet roll, with mayonnaise. This one was OK. The bun tasted very similar to a Hawaiian roll, but just bigger, and was coated with a light sprinkle of cornmeal. It was toasted as well. The spam was a little bit more salty than what I am used too, but it was OK. For 1$ each, it was a pretty good deal.

Halo-Halo - I think that almost every culture in the world has a version of a sweetened icy dessert. This one came with shaved ice, sliced fruits, red beans, fruit jelly, and flan. This version at Jollibee has a predominant coconut flavor, and is very refreshing. It was good.

For all 3 items I spent about 10.50. It was a good deal for the amount of food I received. The food was good, and so was the service.
A friend told me about this place, so when I was in the neighborhood I decided to check it out. I walked-in and seen just one culture. I felt odd honestly, like I was being stared at. I was the only white girl that was in there lol. I walked out.. I don't know why it seemed to bother me so much, but it did. 

Years later I returned to try again. I have lived a very closed in life when it comes to trying different cultures of food. On the menu they had Bangus (Which I don't know what that is) Fiesta noodles, that looked like fish and meats on the top of the noodles. 

Since I am a scary cat, I decided I wanted to taste something I know..A burger. I ordered the Big Yum. It was a very soft burger. I know that sounds funny, but I don't know another way to explain it. Like the meat was soft. Makes me think of what kind of meat I was eating? It was a different taste.  They didn't skip on condiments! Big A+ there! 

I am making it a goal to try different foods. So many restaurants in Vegas and I always seem to go to the same places and the same foods. I want to go back to Jollibee and try the chicken next.
It was finally our last day in Vegas and we were about to head home. Missed the free breakfast buffet from the hotel because I had too much to drink the night/midnight before and couldn't get out of bed.. anyone smell a hangover?

aaaaannnyway.. so we decided to grab something quick (and cheap) to eat. Jollibee!!! Never been so happy to see that red bee smiling at me.

I had ordered the usual jollibee spaghetti. Now, if you like sweet spaghetti with slices of sausage/hotdog in your chunky spaghetti. Def give this one a go. If not, then go... far far away.

The only thing I could stomach that time was the spaghetti so we took the peach mango pie (you gotta try this one!!!!) to go.

The place is nice and clean. The only difference about this branch is that they had the soda fountain open to everyone.
So you wanna eat at Jollibee huh?

Coming from a Filipino, here's all you need to know. These guys are known mainly for their Fried Chicken, Sweet Spaghetti, Burgers, Hot Dogs and desserts. They have other items as well but these mentioned are what you will mainly see people eating when you go there. They also have all sorts of breakfast items as well but is only served during breakfast hours. Here is a link to their complete menu just in case you were wondering. http://www.jollibeeusa.com/menu.html

Whenever you see a Jollibee, in most cases you will see a Chow King and a Red Ribbon as well because all three are basically the same company. Now Chow King and Red Ribbon are completely separate reviews so lets talk about Jollibee.

Now why is it that most chains that originate from other countries just don't have the same appeal when they open locations abroad? I have always asked that myself. Could it be that something was "Lost in translation?" LOL. 

Anyways, the most common reason people come here is for the crispy fried chicken that comes in either mild or spicy aptly named "Chickenjoy". Now to many non Filipinos, when they get their order for the first time, they are surprised that it comes with gravy. Ironically, they are even more surprised that it tastes good with it! I for one think of biscuits, ham, or turkey with gravy. But chicken? Hay, don't knock it til you try it.

As for their Spaghetti, its definitely not what you are used to. Filipino style Spaghetti is kind of a sweet style of ketchup with sliced American hot dog slices and ground beef. Again that seems like a weird combination but in most cases you will be pleasantly surprised.

As for the prices, well the last time I ordered it was two 8 piece buckets. One was spicy and the other was mild. Total came out to about 23 bucks and change. So it was 11 dollars a bucket. Why is it so expensive you ask? Beats me. The only thing I can think of is that there aren't too many Jollibees around and the fact that each piece of spicy chicken has to have a little "spicy" flag on it tells me they have one specific person that does that and only that all day. So that person needs to get paid. LOL.

Service? Well it's pretty much the same as whatever other fast food chains you would patronize. Obviously the more packed the place is, the longer you gotta wait for your food. I recommend to just call ahead and order to go so by the time you get there, wait times will be at a minimum.

Last but not least. Desserts. For these guys, its simple. You have one of three choices. Halo Halo, Pearl Coolers, and Crispy Deep Fried Pies.

Halo Halo (translated in English as "Mix Mix") - Shaved ice with evaporated milk, mixed with certain fruits, jelly, and flan, topped with a scoop of either Ube or Vanilla ice cream. 

Pearl Coolers - These are basically smoothies with boba or tapioca pearls. They usually have several different flavors ranging from Ube to Avocado.

Pies - The best way I can describe these guys is remember when McDonalds used have their apple pies deep fried to a golden crisp? Well same set up here but different flavors. You got Peach Mango or Banana Langka

So overall an ok 3 star rating is my pick because the food is decent but a bit pricey. The fact that its a chain can significantly drop it to a 2 but these guys do a decent job of trying to serve the same authenticity as its original base in the Philippines.
The Jollibee stung me in the gut, and I'm still recovering! There's nothing mind-blowing about the food, it's just a fast food place that serves American food that's been tweaked to suit more Asian tastes. In addition to burgers, fries, and Asian style drinks like bubble tea, they offer crispy fried chicken (AKA Chicken joy! I do give them props for the amusing name) and spaghetti. 

I tried the aloha burger combo and the halo-halo dessert. The burger tasted kind of like a McDonald's burger, except they stuck a pineapple inside of it. The fries were decent, and there's a self-serve soda fountain. Unfortunately one of the diet Pepsi machines was broken and it spurted out carbonated water on your hand in addition to the actual soda in the cup.

The halo-halo was OK, but whatever fruit was in it was very thready so when I first spooned out some of it, it looked like they had accidentally dropped some synthetic Barbie hair in it or something. The rest of the dessert was filled with shaved ice, 2 scoops of brightly colored ice cream, various sweet beans, jello chunks, and red bean paste. 

There's enough seating to accommodate people during busy times, and they play Filipino TV while you're eating your meal.

My verdict? Meh, it's alright, but don't come in expecting a lot, because it's just fast food!
Love jollibee. Love the Yum burger, spagetti, and chicken.
UBE shake gets 5stars!!! Best shake that ever touched my lips. Not a fan of the spaghetties tho. The burgers are on point. And it's a lil pricey. It's good fun tho when I'm with my lil niece and nephews.
I heard all my Filipino friends talk about Jollibee but never got around to trying it. I'm not saying it's bad, it's just more of an acquired taste type of thing... I might have also made the mistake of thinking that spam and spaghetti was a good idea. It tasted funny. That's all I'm saying. Kind of bland, the noodles weren't properly coked through so that didn't help either. I'm not sure why theres so much spam, I thought that was Hawaiian? Weird, anyways I took one bite and the rest into the trash. 

The chicken which everyone reaves about was pretty meh. It was warm and crispy, but the coating was so thick and dough-ey. I'd much rather get KFC, which I've steered clear of for years. Service is really bad, I was asking questions and the girl at the cashier didn't really know the menu, hence I got all the weird and bad stuff.  Why Jollibee, Why. I'd maybe go back but it'd have to be with some Filipinos so they can educate me on the Jollibee culture.
Affordable fast food that taste good and is pretty filling. They aren't always consistent with the crispiness towards the last hours of closing. 

What's great is Dessert is right next door only 10ft from ordering.
I wish they offered something for the pescetarians (why do they no longer offer milk fish?) but my little meat eating family loves this place. My love can't stop eating the bugers and my teenager loves the chicken strips with mashed potatoes and gravy. I do love their french fries. I can't get enough of them. Only when their freshly made though. After sitting out for 20 mins, I'd much rather starve.
I love this place! There are a few items on the menu that aren't very good, however, that's why my rating is average. And I'm Filipina. 

I would order the cheaper 6-piece bucket, it's more worth your money! Split it between your family or something. I love the chicken, the sweet potato fries, and the banana langka dessert pie--much better than the peach mango, in my opinion. Jollibee is pretty satisfying for Filipino fast food, I'm likely coming back, I'm way too Filipina not to.
So if you're Filipino, you love this place.  If you have never been here, you probably think it's just aite.  Their signature dishes are the filipino spaghetti and the chicken joy with gravy and rice.  The spaghetti definitely reminds me of my childhood.  Slightly sweet tomato sauce with ground meat and hot dogs.  The chicken is awesome also.  Probably a safe bet to have your non-Filipinos try.  Skin is crisp and pairs well with the gravy.  And of course, like in true Filipino nature, you must eat it with the white rice.

This location is in the Filipino grocery store mecca and surrounded by other Filipino stores.  So there's tons of Filipinos. So Filipino transplants who've been deprived of this fast food will love it here.  This is the McDonalds of the Filipinos.  So if they are lucky enough to find a location, they/we definitely take advantage so we can get our fix.  Imagine if they took away McDonalds from your country.  Then on your vacation, you drive by a location.  Wouldn't you want to run in and order a 6 pc or Big Mac with fries? That's how it feels!  Love me some Jollibee!
What was I thinking going here?

Once you walk in, you're greeted in two different langues at the counter. If you don't respond in Filipino, they say hello in English. Ha.

Ordered a C1, the two piece with one side. Regardless, you will get rice. You have a choice of gravy, corn, and mashed potatoe. Got my food and it was all right. ***AIGHT. Nothing special. 

The chicken was super breaded and pretty much meatless. I was all breading!

Other than that, this place was EH.
The spicy chicken and rice I ordered was good but I also ordered a side of fries and it was very stale and cold. It tasted pretty nasty... So my dad went back to ask for another batch of fries and they gave him a beeper, we waited 40 mins only to find out the girl forgot that he asked for some new fries. lol, horrible customer service.
I grew up eating jollibee at the Philippines. It's nice to have one here in Vegas. Love their chicken and gravy. o n I can't stop by without ordering spaghetti.
Food that brings me back to memories of my childhood in the Philippines. Kind of took time for my take away order to be prepared. A couple of people behind me in the order line got their orders quicker - thus taking away 1 star.
I love love love their spaghetti. I can eat a whole tray by myself. They are always giving the right amount of sauce which is a big thing for me since i wont eat spaghetti if the pasta is more than the sauce. -_- plus they have hotdog bits in it!   and right amount of melted cheese. I just love it. 

Their beef steak is pretty good too. They serve it with rice and gravy. You can order it with egg too if you want. 

Their chicken is just amazing! Never dry and add the gravy... omg. Delicious! You can get this with rice or spaghetti. 

It's never packed to the point that i cant find a seat. It's always clean and they serve it pretty fast. They even added a buzzer to let you know that your food is ready.

The price is not expensive but since a lot of their food and desserts here make you want to get them all, it kinda adds up in the end.
Spaghetti, Chicken Joy, Hamburger Steak, Yumburger... Can always satisfy my little, Filipino heart..

Brings back childhood memories.. 

Crispy-skinned chicken that comes with their oh-so-delicious gravy ; can be paired with rice, fries, corn, mashed potatoes, or sweet potato fries! Plenty of combination plates to choose from, ie. Chicken and Spaghetti! 

And their infamous Yumburger-- great mayo / ketchup sauce, meat could honestly be better in quality, but I still like it.

Overall -- good, cheap, Filipino fast food!
If you read my about me I have an absolute love for fried chicken combined with rice and jollibee is probably the reason for this.  Combining the epitome of soul food with arguably the best condiment what more could you ask for?

Jollibee is located inside seafood city and is difficult to miss considering its what you see when you first walk in.  They used to have a variety of different specials on particular days but they have since gotten rid of those deals. They have a flat screen tv that plays all the popular filipino dramas and shows which are honestly quite interesting if not humorous to watch. 

I always go for the C3 which is made up of 2 pieces of chicken (thigh or leg but you can ask for two legs or two thighs) and two sides.  I always get two thighs, spicy with two sides of rice no drink which comes to about $5.95.  Their service is quick, so quick often times they hand me my order after i'm finish placing it lol.

Their filipino spaghetti is very good and honestly if they served better portions of it, i'd probably get it more often.  

Halo halo isn't too bad but I normally go to chow king thats across from the restaurant (ask to take out the jelly, it tastes better without it in my opinion)

Overall this place is an awesome spot by school that's affordable and satisfying!
Food was good, but they don't really listen to your order or say it back. So I didn't get my order correct. But again the chicken is good.
I fell in love with jollibees on one of my trips to Hawaii I found out that they are as popular in the Philippines as McDonald's is to America. 
The good/skinny
I have to say the burgers taste very different than what I am used to but man if you have an open mind you should def try it (I think) they make there burger meat using there world famous gravy (I go for the big aloha cause it has a pineapple in it) they also use a honey mustard for the sauce and the taste combo is amazing. The chicken is always perfect and taste fresh with a side of banana ketchup (has no taste of banana and is so tasty) the French fries are so good as well always taste fresh and perfect a must if you are in Las Vegas. 
The bad 
They don't offer the aloha hot dog which I loved in Hawaii I always ask just to make sure they know they should get it in. And sometimes it can take a while for food to come out but with all good food it takes time so I'm patient :-).
This place is def worth it if your foodie like me and try the ketchup you only live once.
I never liked Jollibee when I studied in Baguio at SLU, but when you need some Filipino style cooking, you can't go wrong with this place. I especially love the Peach Mango Pie!!!! Their breakfast meals are great. The place can get a little crowded during rush hours, restrooms are useable, but the prices can be expensive. Otherwise it's worth driving the 300+ miles from AZ to eat here when we go to the Strip for a getaway.
Came here on vacation 2 weeks ago.
Food is good (same as anywhere else), but this place lost major points for incorrect change and wrong charge!  1st my sister ordered a kids meal, the cashier charged it as a teryi bowl!  Yes, it makes a difference because she saves $0.75  and every penny counts, esp at the penny slots!  Then she gave me my change and it was wrong!  $0.25 cents off!!  Maybe she was having a bad day, I dont know, but when it comes to money and charges, she needs to concentrate and pay attention or else you'd get unhappy customers!
Food was Good, customer service is OK.. it's a nice break from the buffets on the strip, and a heck of a lot cheaper too!
I know it's panda and there's tons of them here, but seriously open 24 hours and it's near other eateries? Fantastic. It's constantly good food (notice I didn't say "chinese" food) that fills you when you're there. The reason for 3 stars is because:

- Service was ok, you can tell the people behind the counter hate their jobs. 
- The Chow Mein was really cold..... thank buddha for white rice. 
- And they didn't have chopsticks, or they didn't understand me.....

Anyhoo, midnight munchies; 2 blocks; 7 bucks; full tummy.

Enjoy the strip.
Going to Vegas, the last place I would be expecting to dine at would be the Panda Express in some random shopping center off the strip. I hardly ever walk to anywhere, but since I had to walk this instance after doing a lot of drinking, I had to get a bite to eat at this Panda Express.

You can walk to this Panda from MGM, and it would take you no more then 15 minutes. The things I would probably look out for on the way there are the porn handlers, and drunk dudes that like to get frisky. 

Once you get to this location, its almost impossible to find seating. Since there are multiple fast food joints at this food court, all of the tables are almost always taken. An Indian family was nice enough to let us take a corner of their table to dine. 

As far as service goes.. there is no service at this Panda. Imagine having to deal with strip traffic day and night. All of the people working there resort to being your high school lunch lady. Rice or Chow Mein? *slaps one scoop on your plate and keep on moving*

They won't even let you pay ahead of someone that was dining in. I ordered my order to go and about 99% of the time at other Panda Expresses, they would let me pay right away. Nope, not at this one. They need to make sure you get the full high school cafeteria experience. 

Come here if you don't have a car, hurting for food..and this is a last resort. Otherwise there are plenty of better Pandas, or other options out there.
Where do we eat before we head out 4 hours on the I-15 back home?  The food court is close by so we decide it'll be quick and convenient.  It's open 24 hours but choices are limited.

You can get pizza, Subway, Del Taco, hot dogs, or Panda Express.  The Panda Express on someone else's plate looked good so we went with that.

Panda Express is like any other Panda Express establishment but this reminded me somewhat of a military boot camp cafeteria.  I asked for the half chow mein, half fried rice with black pepper chicken and the guy behind the counter repeated my order twice scooped it out fast, tossed it down and yelled "next!" He gave me steamed rice instead of fried rice and by the time I went to correct it he had an angry look on his face and was trying to move the line along so I decided to stay with my rice.

They had a promo at this location.  If you got the monster drink, you also get these sugared wonton crisps.  We went for it but the drink was too much to handle considering I only drink enough to cover my meal.  The meal itself was ok.  I guess the black pepper chicken is considered healthy and listed on their "smart wok" menu.  Good to know if I'm craving Panda Express again but I'm usually not.
not different that anyother panda express you will visit. food is oily but tasty. As its located rite on the strip so its good for quick lunch when needed and if you want to spend 30$ for buffet :). enjoy the orange chicken...happy panda
As far as Panda Express' go, this one ranks near the bottom. As a plus, they're open 24 hours a day, so this is an ideal spot for a 3 a.m. meal when you're in a drunken stupor. The downside is that, unless you get REALLY lucky and walk up right as they're putting down some fresh food, chances are you'll wind up eating something that looks (and tastes) like it was made hours ago. Panda can be tasty quick Chinese food when it's fresh & hot, but after it's been sitting for a couple of hours it starts to practically decompose, leaving you with a plate full of nasty crap. I couldn't tell you a good time to stop in to this one, but at least it's located in a food court with a few other places that'll do if this isn't looking up to snuff.
This Panda Express is in the Showcase Mall Food Court. From several experiences here, I have left the food court hungry because the seats are filled. There are too many people verses too few seats. Plus the lines are frequently lengthy.
  This Panda Express has the ambiance of the Showcase Food Court, which is a loud upstairs room. The food is the normal Panda Express. 
  Expect to pay higher prices. For example a two entree dinner with a large beverage is nearly $2 more than off Strip Panda Expresses. Regardless all restautants are expensive on the Strip.
I have to go 4 stars at panda because food is food and always fresh. 
Moreover the price is really good. 
Best bang for the bucks if you are tired of burgers
This location is the closest if you're staying at MGM and Excalibur. The employees are friendly and the food is good. The prices are a little high here, but then again, this is Vegas for you.

Cheers!
Cheap Hot and Fast!!!
If you are in a rush and need to have a quick fill up this is the place to be.
Yummy chinese food in generous portions.
Can't go wrong here. Free taste too.
Just your average panda express.

The location is convenient. It has plenty of open tables since it shares the area with Subway and some other stores.

Food is much cheaper if you just want some quick food and fast service. However, if you are really hungry, better go across the street and spend just about the same amount of money at Monte Carlo buffett for more food and variety.
It's Panda Express, so you pretty much know what to expect. Pretty decent, if a little greasy, food. However, this particular location is a bit unusual in that they don't give you free ice water like every other Panda does. Instead you're offered the chance to purchase overpriced bottled water.
You can definitely go to Vegas and not spend lot's of money on food. Ps.fs rxpress is located in a lull mall area on the strip. Surrounded by other small restaurants, this was a perfect meal. For$8 I got 3 sides to choose from.  I left full and with extra money to spend at the casinos.  I ordered the Orange chicken, although it was good, it was a bit dry. I did order at 830 so maybe it was the last batch they had.
I love chick-fil-a!!!
Im a huge fan! 
I usually get a number one (original chicken sandwich combo) with a sweet tea. If Im in the mood to be somewhat healthy I get the grilled chicken sandwich. Their honey mustard is really good too...my favorite kind from any fast food. 
I just ate at this particular one today and had excellent service. The  lady that was helping me was really sweet. She just seemed happy to be there and in a good mood unlike other places. She even gave me a free breakfast sample (a sausage biscuit) since it was right after breakfast hours. I have never got this from any place before. It was a nice gesture. I didnt try it though, I just saved it for my boyfriend...he said it was really good though (and it was reheated)
Love the playground for kids at this one.  For that reason alone - 5 stars.  I mean its a chick-fil-a and you know what kind of food they have, so nothing amazing, but always good service and good food.  The staff is always friendly and asking how they can help.
Turns out this is one of many places I've been deprived of growning up in South Orange County. Amazingly this was the first time I had a Chick Fil-A chicken sandwich. All I can say it that it was damn tasty! Pulled through the drive through after Angels spring training and gobbled it down in under three minuites...I think. You have to ask for extra BBQ sauce cuz they only give you like one or two, 

fwiw they are ACTUALLY building one right down the street from my house!!!! You have no idea how freakin' well this place will do here!
I love this place! Great food and "It's always a beautiful day at Chik-Fil-A"!!  I love that every time I go through the drive thru, they give my dog a dog biscuit.
Excellent food, excellent service. I eat here frequently as I work within walking distance, and have never had it any different. Great place for a quick lunch or a family outing. My son loves the playground here too!
Only second time I came here, and this is the only fast food place I'll 5 star.

- The workers actually greet you and are ready to take your order when you enter.

-They bring- yes, bring, the food to you when it is ready. 

-It's not a hot mess like most joints, although there are usually roudy kids running around the play area.

-They *gasp* say thank you! And more than just once too, AND ask you if you'd like a refill if you're hanging by the front with your cup??



If you're like me, you like spicy..

Check out #4, Spicy Chicken Sandwich meal, blows Jacks Spicy Chicken out of the water. Is a little better than Wendy's Spicy Chicken Sandwich.

Please - - open on sundays, dammit.
Every time you walk in or hit the drive through you get "It's a great day for Chick-Fil-A, how can I help you?".  I feel welcomed :)

The other cool random thing... if I go through the drive through with my dog, they always ask if they can give her a milkbone... so she's a fan! just sayin.

As far as the food... I love this place - I mean I am the Duke on the iphone app... there all the time it seems.  Chicken is clean and not fatty, always juicy and the breading is never too thick. Extra pickles is never an issue and getting American cheese on it is cool too. Normal or Spicy Chicken is my pick.

My only beef w/ Chick-Fil-A is they're not open on Sundays... mormon thing. But whatcha gonna do?
Real White chicken. Waffle fries fun. Expensive for ckicken, but its not chicken parts. Love the fact it's closed Sundays!
Fast food is not really my thing, but I really like this Chick-Fil-A. Other than the food being pretty good (amazing for fast food) but they have Family Nights on Thursdays (http://www.cfarestaurant.com/santanvillagemarketplace/events). I assume the other Chick-Fil-A's do as well, but I've only seen them advertised at this particular location. I took my children there tonight and for $15 (cost of dinner) my 5-year old was able to make a sock snowman craft (turned out really cute), have face-painting (by a professional, not a bored teenager) and a balloon animal (or princess, buzz light-year, batman, whatever the case may be). I was thoroughly impressed with the event and can't wait to go back for the next one.

Besides all that, the restaurant was clean. The food was fresh and the chicken wasn't gross. The staff was super friendly and uber polite. I was fan! Great place to spend the evening with your family.
The best quick to go fast food chicken sandwich.  Simple and good!
Quick and tasty Chicken Sandwches. Nothing special
Chick-Fil-A is so damn good. Get a shake! They're worth it.
Consistent top notch service. In the three years I have worked near here, I have not had bad service even one single time. This is a great place to eat, and a breath of fresh air when compared to the service at most fast food joints.
I am not a huge fan of their food but their service is spectacular. All the employees I've encountered are incredibly friendly. I usually don't order food; I just pick up a lemonade. I LOVE that lemonade! But if you are ordering food, the chicken sandwich is doable.
Our favorite fast food place. They have the best service and good fast food.
Ok Im going against the grain here. I really don't understand what the big deal is about Chick-Fil-A. Everybody raves about it. I've gone several times and I really dont think the chicken is that great. Yes they give you lots of choices in dipping sauce but if the chicken is so great do you need dipping sauce? The only reason why I'm a return customer is my 3 year old loves the play ground. Yes I do agree their staff is always very friendly. But the chicken never hits the mark for me Ive tried several items on the menu. Yesterday I had the spicey chicken wrap. Uh wheres the spice? Not spicey what so ever. It was loaded with lettuce and dry, I could tell it was not made fresh. My son ordered the chicken nuggets I tried one of his it was ok, didnt blow me out of the water. My son could care less what they were serving he just wanted to play. The place was busy and my food still arrived quickly. Im sure I will return if my son bags again as we drive by
My wife and I ate at this Chick-Fil-A this weekend and I liked it. She eats there all the time and has been trying to get me to go and I wasn't disappointed. I had the grilled chicken sandwich and some chicken tenders. Lemonade was awesome. More importantly the service was great. Everyone seemed to have such a great attitude which I appreciated. The person at the registrar was Camry and she was very helpful. We told her we were going to the movies and she told us where the theater was and how to get there quicker. I appreciated that she took the time to tells. My wife was impressed with how kid/baby friendly this place is. From diapers in the bathrooms to Cheerios in small cups for hungry kids, this place rocks!
Folks, this is not your typical fast food place.  The employees are glad to be working here and it shows in the way they interact with the customers.  I go here and to the one on Stapely Dr. and both places the employees can sometimes be heard chatting and laughing happily while they work.  It's true... I kid you not.  The morale is A1 and that makes it a pleasant place to eat.

If there is a problem with your order, they are happy to fix it.

The food is served very fast, it's very good, and the place is always very clean.  There is a gluten free menu online and they can actually print out the nutritional values from the cash register.  My favorite item is the Charbroiled & Fruit salad.  The cross cut fries are not smothered in salty seasoning with MSG (Except for the kind of dressing I get has it.. not sure about all of the flavors though).  

Oh, and one more thing... you won't find any *pink slime* here.
As fast food chicken goes, this is probably the best.   I have tried a lot items on their menu, my favorite is the chicken nuggets.  These nuggets are not just chicken  "parts".  These nuggets are real chicken breasts cut into bite size pieces,  with 8 or more sauces to choose from.  I like the honey mustard and buffalo sauce.  But the best nonfood item is the service.  
I usually go early in the day and I find the staff to be extremely friendly and they will go out of their way to make sure your order is correct and served in a timely manner.
Chick FilA is one of the best fast food restaurants out there. They have really worked on the friendly-ness factor. BUT...This particular location has the most languid bunch of workers I've ever seen. I saw four people walk out because the 7 people working behind the counter didn't step up to wait on the customers -- they were too BUSY doing other stuff like paperwork, and stacking cups. 

When it was my turn, I waited at the counter for 5 to 7 minutes in awe of the complete lack of service. Only one cash register was open while four more customers behind me waited to get somebody - anybody's attention. Plenty of employees were there all milling about and chatting amongst themselves. Hello???

Is there anything more important than the customers? Here's a case where they have gone out of their way to provide decent fast food, a clean environment, small extras like diapers in the bathrooms, fresh flowers, and great attitude by the employees, but then FORGOT to take their orders. I won't go back to this one.
Fast & friendly service and fast food as good as you can come by. I wouldn't expect anything less of Chick-Fil-A!!
Always clean, has awesome spicy chicken sandwiches and their waffles fries are yummy! :)
I love this place!  Visit at least once a week for the #2 combo w/peper jack cheese to give it just a little kick.  The employee's are always very polite and the restaurant is always clean.
Always a very friendly staff.  When one of my visits took a little longer than anticipated the comped my bill.  Excellent experience and customer service.
Genuinely friendly employees. Fast food that doesn't taste like fast food. What I really like, though, is that the kids meals come with books!  And they even have board books for kiddos under 3! If you have a smaller appetite, you could order the kid's meal for yourself and then give the book to your kid.  Win-win!
Employees are always friendly and helpful. They bring your food to you and restaurant and bathrooms are always very clean and well stocked. Employees work the dining room area by asking if they can get you a refill, take your trash, is your food ok? WHAT the WHAT? Way to go guys!
My family loves Chick-fil-a, and this is probably the location closest to me, but after at least 10 visits over the past couple of years, find their service to be friendly yet slow and inefficient.  I recommend taking the 202 two more exits to Power Rd, and visiting that location.  They have consistently great service, speed, and food quality.  I've been their more times than I'd like to admit, and never had a bad experience.
In short, this is good, but great is just down the road.
This review can go for pretty much any Chick-Fila-A because all that I've visited are awesome, but this one I frequent the most. Customer service is the best, they set the example on how it should be done. Don't let a line at lunch or dinner time detour you, they usually get through the line fast and the food comes out super fast  after you order. They bring the food to the table which I love. Great food, i always get a chicken sandwich. Very clean and well maintained. Friendly staff. My favorite for sure in this industry!
This chick fil a used to be the best, we went every week for family night on Tuesdays. Apparently it's taken over by new ownership in the last month and its just awful. The food is still decent but customer service and cleanliness is definitely lacking. The high chairs are horrifying now, which is one reason we used to like to go there, it was super clean and I didn't worry about bringing in a thousand things to sanitize my child's eating area. I'm not sure who the new owner is but he better step his game up, family get used to be super busy but it's dwindling down a lot now.
We went on a Tuesday for lunch, And sorry we did... We placed out order and found a table. 10..15...20....25 Minutes go by and no food. The Bus boy / Food runner stops by and ask what the name on our order was. He then comes back and offers us Shakes for our wait. (which we gladly accepted) 10 Min later her brings us our food with a 1/2 Dozen cookies... ( A FOOD RUNNER... WHILE ALL 3 MANAGERS are standing at the counter) Not once did one stop by, ask or give an apology... 

So I thank the food runner for stepping up and taking care of us. But what a poor showing of Management....
Bad food - bad service. The chicken salad sandwich made the roof of my mouth hurt because the bread was so hard and dry.  I had to repeat myself numerous times before they got my order "right@, then it still came out wrong.
The service today really was disappointing and slow.  They only had one person that worked the cash register in the whole place and she was also restocking which took away from her register duties.  It took several mins just to get an acknowledgement and several more to place an order.  Funny thing I was the only person in line.  Normally, we never have any issues with this location.
First time and I wasn't impressed. Chicken is flavorless, dry and way too pricey. Will not return.
Has one of the best tasting chicken sandwiches--as long as you get the original chicken sandwich.  The chargrilled sandwich is just okay--although more healthy, it's nothing compared to the fried goodness of its counterpart.  Waffle fries are delicious, lemonade is actual lemonade....just lemons and sugar.  They are very family friendly with snacks for the kids while you wait, free diapers in the bathroom, and ice cream with the kids meal.  Fruit is always nice instead of fries, but the fruit, unfortunately is not the freshest.

The staff is always polite and courteous...I always have to do a double-take when I hear, "my pleasure" when thanking them.  You don't hear the too often from other fast-food restaurants.  Although I may not agree with some of the corporate's stances on social issues, I never hesitate to take my kids there because I know it's one of the few place I can take my kids out to eat.  They love it.
We don't have fast food very often, but usually when we do we like to go to Chick Fil A.

Generally speaking, Chick Fil As are clean with polite, friendly employees and consistently good food. 

This location is the exception to that rule. 

The restaurant is constantly filthy in one way or another. It is still possibly a step up from some other fast food restaurants, but in the context of Chick Fil As standards, this one is completely sub par.

On one visit, I was standing in front of the counter while waiting for part of my order, and I noticed that my shoes were sticking to the floor. Initially I dismissed it and moved over, but found that I was STILL sticking to the floor. I looked down and found that there was a thick layer of sticky soda (movie theater floors x 1 million) that was now caked onto my shoes and causing me to stick to the floor even after I'd moved away from it. When I was finally able to catch an employee's attention to let them know, I was told "oh, there's a leak, we know about it" with no further action (no one came to clean it up, at least temporarily, during our entire visit to the restaurant) 

On another occasion, I went to get a child's booster seat and when I looked over the few seats available, found that each and every one of them was disgustingly caked with various food splattered all over them. I selected one that had the food mostly relegated to the edges and sides of the seat, and proceeded to grab several Purell packets to wipe it down myself. Several employees glanced at me during the process but weren't too terribly concerned apparently. 

On a regular basis, there are consistently a variety of smaller but still obnoxious ongoing issues, such as overfull trash cans and gross bathrooms. Additionally, a tiny thing that I've noticed (and appreciated) at other Chick Fil As is that when you get a highchair, they always always have a sticky placemat laid over the back of the highchair - this is so nice, because when your hands are full of a baby, your food, etc, it is great that they are anticipating your needs by having this readily available, and having it on the highchair means it is one less thing you have to grab. However, at this Chick Fil A, it is extremely rare for the placemat to be on the highchairs; you pretty much always have to stop and pick it up separately. Again, it is small, but it does make a difference and just shows that they don't care quite as much about their customers as all of the other locations.

The staff at this location is nice enough in the scheme of fast food places, but again, does not really live up to the standards that I've come to expect from Chick Fil A as a brand. They are your typical teenaged fast food employees; where I usually find that Chick Fil A employees are respectful, polite, conscientious, and engaging, these employees tend to be a bit more removed, more interested in joking around with other employees, and while they go through the motions of decent service, they're missing that little extra that makes such a huge difference at other locations. Additionally, I usually see quite a bit of management presence on the floor at other locations, but it seems much rarer here. I've also observed managers being pretty rude to employees once or twice - most recently a manager belligerently ordering someone in the kitchen to get "some soup that is actually hot" in a very sarcastic tone with very angry body language.

The food is generally pretty much the same as other Chick Fil As, but our order does seem to be messed up more often here than at other locations. We usually order our sandwiches without pickles, and this only actually gets done about 50% of the time. It isn't a huge deal, but does completely change the flavor of the sandwich to a more pickly flavor, which no one in our family cares for.

If we had a location even only slightly further away, we would definitely make the trek, but as we are quite far from the next closest restaurant, we end up here anytime we need something quick, and each time we regret spending our money with this particular restaurant since it is so disappointing.
I go to this restaurant at least two to three times a week service is good as any exceptional. And you can't beat family night or a play place in a restaurant if you have small kids
I love Chick Fil A, I always have. This location is pretty dangerous for me as it is right by where I work. As I've stated in previous reviews, I'm crazy picky when it comes to what I like to eat. This location is *outstanding* because they always get my order right. My food is always nice and hot and the chicken is never dry.  The employees are always super polite and professional, the restaurant is always clean, and the food is always deeeelicious. I love this place. *yum*
Good food. The place is great for families with young kids. They have cherrios and diapers available for free. Very friendly staff. This location is my favorite chick fil a.
Love chic-fil-a!  I don't stray far from the basic nuggets- but have had a chicken sand which and I also enjoy the chicken strip salad.   The shakes are really tasty as well!  My whole family likes chic-fil-a, and that is pretty rare -my whole clan to agree on something. Price is what you expect for a fast food place-no dollar menu here though-about $7 for a meal. 

Staff is always very pleasant and you won't get out of there without hearing "its our pleasure". 

Drive through is always pretty long at lunch time but moves quick. They do have an indoor play place but my kids are too old so I can't comment on cleanliness-restaurant is always kept neat however.  They are closed on sundays.
This is the best location ever. Best customer service and always amazing food! Go here every day!
I stopped here to get a quick bite to eat.  Popeye's is consistently one of the best fast food chicken around.  It is at least one star better than KFC.
1.  The coating is tastier, I like the spicy
2.  The coating is crispy.   KFC original always comes out soggy.   Their extra crispy has little taste except salt
3.  The people behind the counters seem to be more organized and speedier in delivering food to a long line of customers.
A-OK.

First and foremost: it's fast food with all the implications implied.

Still, it got the job done in a clean and friendly environment.  After I ordered it was brought to my attention that the daily special would be a better deal, and I appreciated that.  Ended up with two spicy chicken wraps plus side instead of one for a buck and a half more.  More or less fresh, or at least well maintained.  Crispy without being oily.  A tad on the plain side as the only other accompaniment in the wrap was some rice.  Nothing phenomenal, but tasty nonetheless.  The mashed potatoes were creamy to the point I expect it to have been the least healthy item of my order.  Quick service was a plus, and I dig hot sauce packets over ketchup for sure.
This is the best Popeye's in town, the service is great, you don't have to wait 45 min for your 2 piece chicken meal.   The, food is so much tastier.
Here we go again.....another fast food place that strives for sub-par service.  Wife wanted to go there on our way home after our trip to the commissary (against my better judgement).  

We pull up to the drive-through.  My wife starts with the order, but before she even can finish her first sentence, the distorted robotic voice states "we're out of white meat". Oh great, now we get a bucket full of meatless legs......friggin' wonderful!

For one of the sides, the wife makes the mistake of saying "fries". I'm sorry, the fries aren't done. It'll be three or four additional minutes. Swell.  

We pull up to the next window to pay, we're told "pull out front, we'll bring out the food when it's ready". I really love it when they say that!

Look, if you operate a restaurant, people expect you to actually have food. If you don't.....put up a damn sign so people can go elsewhere to a place that knows how to run a business.
This has to be one of the cleanest fast food restaurants -- including restrooms -- I have visited.  Staff was pleasant and, even though they ran out of "regular" chicken (the person before me took out enough for the whole church so I understood), I got half the order and they brought me the rest when it was done (6 minutes).

Some cranky guy came in with an obviously bogus claim for "free food" from this feedback coupon and made a total ass of himself.  Manager handled it with skill and later apologized to me and my wife for the crude language used by the dissatisfied con man.

Have been going to Churches (love that okra), but chicken has been overcooked on last few visits.  Tried Popeye's for first time today and found a new chicken home.
(This is the McD's inside the Monte Carlo food court)

This place gave me and 3 of my friends food poisoning!  After losing alot of money at roulette, I wanted to comfort myself with some good ol' fashioned greasy food from my childhood. 

BAD IDEA.  7 people sharing one bathroom, 4 of them sick.  DO NOT EAT HERE!!
Las Vegas,. the only place with Spicy McChicken,.. my friends kept raving about how good the Spicy McChicken was; after a night of drinking throughout our whole trip,.... 

I just had to run to MCD before we caught the shuttle to the airport and ordered one before we caught our flight home,.. 

They were right,..

Spiceyyy ahhhhh
This is a very busy Strip McDonald's in a food court. The prices are inflated. As far as service, it is okay. To be fair, if I were to rate the physical place I'd have to rate the Monte Carlo Food Court.
Open after midnight on New Years, how awesome. All I really remember is the guy with the electronic pad to place orders, kind of like the in n out ones and picking up our fries and cheeseburgers and eating them upstairs in bed a few minutes later. YAY!
This location is open 24 hours a day in the food court of the Monte Carlo.

Lines do not get too long and service is great.

It's the best feeling to walk back into the casino, partially inebriated, and just grab a burger and go up to my room.
drunk food. yum. :)
Staff is very friendly, the place is clean, and the food is warm. What more can you ask for from a fast food restaurant?
People love this place. Why? I dunno. It's good if you want to feel like you're back in Hawaii. They're really nice and you can practically get the food for free with the coupons that you have. I had saimin. For breakfast and afternoon snack and I thought it would be better the second time around. It wasn't. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't good. They have cutlets, teriyaki stuff, hot dogs and chili, sauerkraut, whatever plate kind of food you like. It's open early and it's open late. I think they never close? Not sure, but good if you: 1) lost all your money, 2) are just starving, and 3) need something to tide you over before hitting a buffet.
Aloha upstairs only take cash and they had a line so we decided to go downstairs to eat at the Cal Club.  Not bad but not great either.  Their food is only mediocre and not memorable.  We had their Hamburger Steak and Gravy (no eggs so it's not a loco moco) and that's not bad.  We also had the Chicken Katsu, which was ok.  It was crispy but the chicken breast was a little on the thin and dry side.  Overall it's just ok.  Not great but not bad either.  If you are drunk ,hungry and don't want to wait, then come here.
You gotta be sometun homesick local boy foh da kine heya brah! Da kine no ono, no  broke da mouth, but cheap brah gotta coupon!

This little Hawaiian style food spot is like Zippy's in Aiea with 5% of the menu, embedded in the California Casino in Old Town Las Vegas. The hotel/casino caters to Hawaiians, with special deals with Hawaiian Airlines, coupons for food, etc, along with the Main Street Station across the street. This part of Vegas is like Reno, small, walkable, a little carnival/state fair like, with the covered and lighted Fremont Experience nearby being the main attraction, and very affordable compared to the huge properties on the south end of Las Vegas Blvd. Cheap table games here, too, like $5 craps and blackjack, even on weekends, with usually better odds. 

You line up here just off the casino floor and order over the counter cafeteria style, pay at the end, and get staples dishes like rice plates, bento, saimin, and other kamaina favorites. 

I got the special bento, which was chicken katsu, beef teriyaki, and of course Spam! ($6.95 without coupon!) Two scoops of rice island style, and you have the ubiquitous Hawaiian plate lunch. 

Hay sistah, watta happen da kine macaroni?

What's a Hawaiian plate lunch without a scoop of macaroni salad? I was disappointed! 

90%, no wait a minute, maybe 99%  of the people in line were Hawaiian. All the cooks were Asian and all the register girls were Filipina, like Cecilia. 

Although a quick cafeteria style place, your order here is still a little Island time, brah! So wait before your wave comes, bruddah!
I actually like this place better than Aloha Specialties. The beef teriyaki bowl is 10 x better than upstairs. At least that is what my 10 year old nephew tells me and I actually agree with him because I know how picky young children can get. I personally like the shrimp tempura with onion rings. Yummy. This place has been open for as long as I can remember ( circa 1986). My mom used to take us here when we were kids. Oh, such memories! The only down side: no refills on drinks...boo!
I need to give them 4 stars. They serve Zippy's chili!!! And it was cheap, $3+ for a chili and rice bowl.  The mac salad was okay but like I said, they have Zippy's chili!! I had the hot dog, chili cheese fries and those were good, too. Stay away from the sad looking Bento, which is served on a styrofoam plate. But, this is where its at when you need your Zippy's chili fix.
If you have leftover meal coupons, you can consolidate the rest of your coupons and redeem them for items at the snack bar. We asked the cook how to redeem the coupons and if he knew the value. He nicely said that the cashier is able to figure that out for us and to ask her. When we got to the front, I asked the value of the coupons so I could get a better idea of what I could order. She was plain rude. She goes, "Tell me what you want and I will tell me how many you can get." I told her 3 snacks I wanted and she gave me 2 of each thing. I do not think that is how it should work. She should tell us the value of all the coupons put together, then the customer can place an order based on a monetary value provided. When my parents ordered, they wanted hot dogs, and she asked if we had already ordered it. They said no and she goes, "You're supposed to order first!" Listen lady, first of all you are rude. Secondly, you talk to us like we are supposed to know your process. Lastly, we tried to ask the cook how to redeem the vouchers, and he said to ask YOU, so do not blame us for not ordering first!
the best hamburger steak!!! the gravy is what makes it!!! awesome! also the have awesome shrimp tempura!!!! but only thing, make sure when you order the side shrimp tempura you say side order 2 piece shrimp tempura otherwise they will make you 2 regular plate of shrimp tempura lol
Five stars for the chicken katsu plate.  It's one of my favorite meals in life.  I HAVE to have it whenever I'm in town.  The place is not fancy.  The food is inexpensive.  The staff is perfunctory.  The mac salad might have a wee bit more mayo than it should, but none of that matters because this meal feeds my soul.  And it's two steps away from the slots.  My happy place : )
i only has the saimin there , however the food did look good, I went there to use my left over coupons since we were leaving the next morning. I was there twice an I am hugh on customer service and the female cashier was very rude. I thought it was just me but i observed her never greeting her customers, never smiling , had an attitude, like she didnt like her job. should not have someone like her representing the california hotel or any hotel. I seen another bad  review about her too. Need to FIRE her.
Back when I was a younger LJ I left my home land of Kauai and found myself living hotel to hotel in the capital of the 9th island. It was hard being surrounded by new people and new adventures.  Being homesick, hungry, and not 21 I would always find refuge and salvation at the snack bar. I only knew of the food I grew up with. I was here everyday and sometimes 2, 3, 4, or even 5 times a day. Boy was that the life.

Many years later I still come back at less once a month. Though the faces have changed, I still remember those who were there back then, the food is still the same as I remember, so were the tables, chairs, and ordering and condiments counter.

There is nothing complex about typical local Hawaiian food, the food here at the snack bar is the a good example of that. I will come here for pretty much everything. The bento is nothing more then 2 scopes of rice, a slice of spam better than steak LOL, some chicken katsu and teri beef, loaded with teriyaki sauce but it does the spot.  I will always order the fried wonton, you get 12 pieces. I don't know if there's anything special about them but in Vegas I've only enjoyed them here. The chicken wings are big and good here too, get extra dipping sauce.  The chilli cheese fries, there's nothing wrong with a pile of fries with chilli and cheese.  The fried saimin, shrimp tempura and onion rings, hamburger steak, chicken katsu, etc I could go one as I did have everything on the menu and enjoy them all. They do have a few meals specials, ones that include a drink, there was a burger and fries special and a hog dog special. 

I think the only negatives are that some of the items are priced a little more than they should be, the bento mainly its almost $8, and there are no refill for fountain drinks, you have to buy another fountains drink if you want refill.

Based on my personal experience I would give the snack bar a BIG 5 ratings definitely, as I did travel across Vegas the other night to eat here.  Others might give it maybe a 2 or 3, which it might be.  So to keep the ratings accurate 4 ratings it is.

Don't forget to pick up a few bags of those card cookies, they are just plain cookies but I loved them as a kid when my folks would always bring them home and I still enjoy a bag once in a while.
Used to like coming here when Market Street had a line (as it so often does) but it's getting harder to find something to order.  The hamburger steak used to be reliably good but this time, it was ... off.  I suspect it is due to whatever was cooked on the grill before they cooked the hamburger patties.  The philly steak sandwich wasn't too good either.  Not enough cheese and the meat kind of tasteless - needed salt.  Was so disappointed we didn't go back for the friend wonton and teri beef, which are our usual standbys.
Located on the ground floor of the California Hotel and a fast & easy place to get great food.

Hawaiian style plate lunches around 6 to 8 bucks.  Teri beef is my usual go-to.  They also serve bento, katsu and even Zippy's chili.

If you have a Boyd player's club card (and have points on it) you can pay for your meal with it.

All in all a nice spot to drop in on.. never had a long line yet and always had a table.  Go get um!
Is their food the best? Um...not really, but it's decent and cheap. Sometimes even free! 

If you have family from Hawaii staying downtown with Aloha Coupons, make sure to get their books before they leave in the morning. My mom guys mostly only use their breakfast and lunch coupons, so at the end of the trip they have a sh*tload of meals leftover between the 2 of them. Most people use the remainder on those crappy cookies or popcorn, but you can get a ridiculous amount of food instead.

I feel super ghetto admitting this, but we usually use the Aloha Coupons to get apps from 777, then dinner from the Cal Cafe (includes prime rib or daily specials), then use the rest at the Cal Snack Bar. The $ value is in the fine print on each coupon so make it easy on the cashiers and do some math - add up how much you have to spend, then figure out how much you can order. Feels super shame, but we usually walk out with about 8 Zippy's chili bowls and a bunch of other stuff.
Cheapest place in the food court. You get more food for your $ than anywhere here and its pretty good. 

Panda Express $10-12 with drink
Other Chinese place across the way $9-10 with drink
Nathans - $11-$15 
Johnny Rockets - $10+

Shake N'Burger - Double Bacon cheeseburger + A ton of fries (Seriously, practically 2-3 orders worth of fries) + drink = $8

Add a really good Sunday for 0.99. You can get the chicken sandwich instead for the same price. If you're on a budget, then this is the place to get your food.
I agree with Howard T.  I thought I was duped into getting in line for this place since they had no line at all.  After I got my food & finished it, I knew I made the right choice.  I had the #1 combo, which is the double bacon cheeseburger combo for $7.25.  The burger alone would have filled you up so the fries just push you over the edge for gluttony.  They give you a ton of fries.  Well, they gave me a ton of fries.  It truly is 2-3 times the size of a regular portion.  Though very greasy, I found it a better deal than the rest of the food places over there.
Oh man, after eating so much either in my suite or at the Grand Lux Cafe, I need to give a wallet a rest. Like many of my fellow Yelpers, it is definitely the cheapest place to eat. It is located in the food court on the second floor.

I got the #5 Philly Cheesesteak with fries ($8.25) with a vanilla shake instead of a drink .(0.75 cents extra). With tax, it came to $9.70. The female server was very friendly since she was Filipino..lol.. Not sure on other people's orders, but my order was made on the spot. So, I waited about 10-15 min for my order.

I took it to my suite instead of eating on the Food Court. The Cheesesteak was still hot and cheese drooping like crazy. The french fries was pretty standard and the shake was pretty hard. Either I got the wrong straw or the shake was very hard. It was good and definitely the better of the other food court stores (Even though I haven't tried it).

Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
Great Fast Food!!!

Shake N' Burger has on the best double cheese burgers(fast food) in Vegas and its on $3.00 ( burger only). I would put this up against In and Out and Carl's Jrs.  Kind of taste like old fashion Tastee Freez burgers..

You will be surprised by the price and taste of the burgers.  I wish they had more locations.  

**A must try if on a budget!!
Nothing special here. Meals are average price for a mall.
Meandering the perma-dawn of the Venetian's Grand Canal Shoppes, the neon glare of the generic mall food court seemed the only hope for an under $10 lunch. At Shake n' Burger, the ever-familiar frozen garden burger patty is adorned with a (slightly bitter) avocado spread, button mushrooms, lettuce and tomato... a mediocre meal at best. But the fact that it costs less then $4 makes me feel like I'm cheating Vegas!

The heavily season salted fries are classic "white-man's crack,"so don't plan on sharing them, you'll want your own!
This is a perfectly reasonable place to go to get a quick bite.  I had the egg croissant, about 5 bucks, came with egg and a big piece of ham.  It isn't the best food but it is filling and less expensive compared to other options in the Venetian.   Service was quick and friendly.
Not too bad. This is one of several establishments in the food court that sells burgers. I wanted to try Johnny Rocket's, but then I remembered I could just try it back in LA, so I decided to try Shake N Burger. I had the bacon cheeseburger combo with a peanut butter shake. Though it's your standard burger and fries, you get what you paid for, and the shake was surprisingly good. Even better, I was allowed to pig out on my burger poolside!
Stayed at the Venetian from September 12-17 and this was by far my favorite of the spots I ate at during my stay . It's cheap compared to 95% of other places on the Strip. Only thing cheaper are the $1.99 foot longs at Casino Royale. Best things at Shake N' Burger are its fries which are basically starchy fried crack with minimal, if any, salt on them. But the thing that surprised me most was their veggie burger. at $3.95 it's a steal. And it's mighty tasty as well with the mushrooms and spread they put on it. You can even pretend you're eating healthy whenever you order one while in the middle of an alcohol fueled excursion around the casino and Strip. Forget In N' Out Burger. Shake  N' Burger is the fast food joint worthy of your attention. Only reason it's not a 5 is because there aren't more of them.
eggs are whack and overwatery and hash browns like McDonald's 

I won't be back
You suck. I ask you if I should order the burger, patty melt or hot dog and you said go with the patty melt.

It was dry, full of onions and lacked taste. 

The only reason you didn't get one star is because at least it was cheap.
Didn't love it, and I expected a better burger for the price I paid.

Pros:
- presentation was superb. It looked very palatable (until I bit into it)
- hearty portions

Cons:
- very heavily seasoned and salted
- the patty itself was not very moist, just felt like grease was manually slathered on top of it
- the price made me expect something a little better
- my fries were inconsistent... some were very salty and some were not seasoned. I even had a few soggy fries that tasted uncooked to me. :(
Classic menu  breakfast, burgers, hot dogs, etc.

Burger combo was good.  Burger was standard fare with lettuce tomato.onion pickles and cheese.  Fries are frozen but fried when ordered and are crisply, not soggy  The shake is a disappointment  too thick to drink thru a straw, more ice cream than a shake (think frostee).

Overall,.three stars.
I always hate leaving these reviews because I understand working in customer service and in the food industry but, sometimes, these things must be said.
This place is horrible. I don't know if they're just understaffed today but the woman working the counter (and there is only one) - Sandra - appears to be having a rough day.  
The burger was "okay," pretty standard fast food burger. The fries are atrocious. The milkshake is too think to drink through a straw, too think to be called a milkshake, really.
There was an issue with my wife's order and when she took it to the counter to address the issue, she had to stand and wait for an extended amount of time while Sandra worked on the order for a single person. Once she got the opportunity to voice her complaint it was met with a sigh and eye rolling, after which she was told she was wrong regardless of what the picture of the item ordered shows. After that, she wasn't even offered something else.
All in all, a terrible experience. I would never recommend this place, nor will we ever try it again.
Waffle fries and Polynesian sauce is where it's at. Sure, the chicken is good but the fries. Oh the fries, it's enough to make sure I never move to a state that doesn't have Chik-Fil-A again. I suffered a long 4 years in Wisconsin, a state devoid of  the chicken-y goodness that is the Chik-Fil-A. Sure, they had Steak and Shake but one can only subsist on Cheese Fries and Singles for so long before the urge for some Polynesian sauce comes through. 

So when we moved out here, it was like God shone the light of heaven down on the state and said, "Settle here Megan and grow fat on fries and nuggets." Hey, you gotta listen to God. So 3 years later, I'm making sure I give a cardiologist a job by eating coleslaw, nuggets, fries, and Polynesian sauce.

P.S. Did you know you can now order online for pick up or delivery at Chik-Fil-A? Awesome.
So I was doing the no carb thing for awhile and my very first carb loaded meal was at Chik-Fil-A.  One would think that after not eating carbs for a couple months, anything would taste divine---- WRONG.

Chi-Fil-A used to be in malls when I was younger and they would hand out free samples of the yummy fried deliciousness on little toothpicks when you walked by.  This then would make me turn to my mother and beg, plead, cry to eat at Chik-Fil-A.  It was really good then.  This was my memory when I went to the Tatum location.  What I got was a super fried chicken fillet that needed salt-- gasp!  Who actually adds salt to fried chicken?  Well, this one tasted bland., so I HAD to.  My bun was soggy and my fries were cold.  Is this really the carbs I was craving all this time? No.  I should have gone to have sushi.

the 2 stars are because I WANT it to be more that 1 star. 

I give it another go ahead, a few weeks later-- at this point I have eaten so many carbs my pant buttons are popping off and AGAIN!  cold fries and soggy bun.  WTF??!!  I haven't been back since and since I am on a NEW diet, I won't be heading there anytime soon.  Boooooooo.
So good. the sandwiches, the salads, the ice cream. and of course, the fries. sooo good. and chik fil a sause is the best. and it is all pretty healthy for you too!
Chick-fil-a is comfort fast food for me. I love the original chicken sandwich; I add 1 pack of honey mustard. I grab a second honey mustard packet for dipping my delicious waffle fries - which, unfortunately, they sometimes skimp on, in my opinion. 

I have to tell you, though, I witnessed the talent of the best balloon artist I've ever seen at this location! (He's not there every week, but you'll find him there on some Wednesday afternoons for the whole "kids eat free" thing.) I was so mesmerized, as I waited in line to order and then for my food,  that I hardly noticed the wait and the fact that the place was overrun with little ones didn't detract from my experience! Chick-fil-a actually caters to the whole family thing really well. (And, their kids' meals have educational toys, often promoting literacy).
Yes, I'm reviewing @ChickfilA, but with good reason.

Marissa worked the counter today, and epitomized service with a smile!

She delivered our food to the table, and even asked if we needed refills on our drinks.

She was one of the friendliest people I've ever encountered at a fast food restaurant, and should be praised by her employer.

The food is pretty good, and I would probably go to Chik fil-A before KFC.

But I just want to rave about the service.
This Chick Fil A is awful. The last 3 times I have been here I have gotten soggy fries that are undercooked. How do you consistently mess up fries?? I love chick fil A but this location sucks. I've learned my lesson and I just have to drive up to North Scottsdale to get my fix.
I do like their food. I like how the kid meals come with something educational instead of some piece of plastic junk. The only thing I would say is for the price, I think their portions could be a little bigger. I am always wanting just a couple more waffle fries.
Over the years, I have taken a strong liking to Chick-fil-a.  The chicken is tasty and is not processed like the other fast food restaurants.  The waffle fries are delicious.

The staff is extremely friendly and at times will come to the table and offer free soda refills.

Each Wednesday they have a Kids Night from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.  Last week there was a balloon artist.  It is a fun time had by
I love the spicy chicken sandwich, also the iced tea/lemonade mixture I usually get instead of soda. The waffle fries are usually awesome when they are fresh out of the fryer... unfortunately the batch I got yesterday were cold and tasted like an ashtray. The dog enjoyed them, though.
Compared to the one in Deer Valley where I work.....this one needs some serious improvements. I know Chick-Fil-A takes it's customer service....food....and store cleanliness very serious. This one however is the exception especially when it comes to cleanliness and organization. This locale is always messy....the condiments are always disorganized....and the lemonade on my last 3 occasions has not been good..... for lack of a better word. I am shocked and appalled really because I have been to several of these establishments and if the managers there could see this store they would be shocked as well. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends.....just not at this Chick-Fil-A.
Love to come here for the fries and shakes! Delicious and quick, friendly service.
I am addicted to the grilled chicken and fruit salad. It is low cal if you use the low cal dressing and very filling. The staff will go out of their way to get things right- and make your experience a positive one.  I buy the nugget trays too when I am having guests and it is always the first thing to be finished.
Eh it was ok, not as amazing as everyone tells me it is. When I lived in Vegas everyone would say if Chick-Fil-A was here Raisin Cane's would be put to shame...HAHAHA yeah right! I am glad I tried this now because nothing here stacks up to it. The Chicken was really solid could tell it was fresh cut before fried. But it just was lacking in flavor. The sauce was not inspiring but OK. ( I did take 8 packs home to Seattle with me) But it was nothing like the Canes sauce. The Sweet Tea was even disappointing vs Raising Canes. Overall compared to other fast foods it is better than most. But, I only eat fast food if it is outstanding and this was not it.
I went 3 days ago and got a meal of Chick-fil-A Nuggets with waffle potato fries and a lemonade drink. The nuggets are ok, I think the fries were better. And the lemonade was too sweet too much sugar...diabetes? As for the sauces, the only one I liked was the bbq but they stingy with them.
Ok, yes I am writing a review for a fast food restaurant. I realize that seems a bit strange and quite possibly extremely unnecessary. I mean, fast food is fast food right? Everyone knows what their getting into and what kind of food to expect, right? While this is true I felt it was worth writing a little snippet for the always refreshing Chick-Fil-A.

It's nice to have a fast food experience where the food tastes fresh and actually like real chicken. The nuggets are yummy, flavorful but not overbreaded. My parents enjoyed their chicken sandwiches and agreed that the food is fresh tasting and not too heavy. We also enjoyed the sweet tea which is a classic Chick-fil-A staple.

One important thing to note was that this location was super busy when we walked in right at noon but soon after we ordered our food was ready in a flash. And for those of you who have never been to CFA before? The icing on the cake is the wonderful assortment of dipping sauces to suit whatever flavor mood you are in at the moment. Or you can do what I do and open one of each and dip to your hearts desire. Who doesn't love variety?!
Yes, I know, Fast Food.  But I am a fan because:

1. It's within walking distance of my office
2. The restaurant is always clean.
3. They pretty much do one thing, Chicken.  And they do it well.
4.  An assortment of dipping sauces
5.  Chewy mints for that after-lunch freshen-up

Service has always been prompt.  I generally will order the nuggets, which are small chunks, lightly breaded and perfect for dipping.  Sometimes I will order the hot and spicy chicken sandwich, just for a change of pace.  They also offer other sandwiches and salad combination.

lunch tip - a small box of nuggets compliments my home-made salad for lunch and keeps me within target range of my carbs for the day.
I don't do fast food very much anymore, but I stopped here over the weekend to show Chick-Fil-A some love for standing by their morals.  I was in the area to visit another store, and made sure to stop here for lunch! 

The employees here are very friendly and helpful, as they are at every CFA I've been to. If you're unfamiliar with their menu, they have breakfast from open to 10:30 - the awesome CFA biscuit, and bacon-egg-cheese, and others. My favorite items on the rest of their menu is the regular CFA sandwich and the spicy chicken wrap...I get them with fruit cups instead of fries, and their great sweet tea. Yum! This is a treat, not a regular thing for me, but I'm glad to support them. 

This location is at the corner of Tatum and Cactus, on the SEC, in the same area as the Wal-Mart and Michael's.
Fast food can be delicious, at least at Chik-Fil-A!

I met some moms here for a little play date and lunch, I hate McD's and this is another option - a better, cleaner, more nutritious and delicious option.

UPS:
My daughter hates nuggets, any nuggets, anywhere.  She LOVED these nuggets and the fruit cup, she finished it all!  

The play area is smaller but it's nicer and cleaner and has less kids running around (at least on this afternoon).

They have delicious and fresh salad options which also come with their scrumptious chicken (you can get grilled too).  Love the dressings!

Friendly and helpful staff.

DOWNS:
A little pricey for those fresh salad options (almost $8)

Sucky kids toys (comic book?)
Yum yum yum..... I wanna rub chick fil a's chicken all over my face! It's soooooooooo good! 

Get a number five. 12 piece... The 8 will not be enough. Yum. Honey as ur dipping sauce is amazing! The waffle fries are delightfully delicious. 

The lemonade is the best you have ever had! I'm scared that this location is so close to my house. 

This location is clean and the staff is very friendly!
Five stars
I grew up on CFA
It is Hot Good and well Extra Good. Order what you like its all GOOD.
All white mean chicken the king of sandwiches when it comes to chicken. The fries are the best ever to touch your lips and gums. They have pure honey & they know I'm on my way so they never run out.
Went at the busy hour of lunch, they were on their game in and out of the drive thru in less than 10min. Love the chicken wrap with spicy sauce and love the waffle fries.
Love the food here, it's so fresh and made to order.  They don't leave any food on the hot plate or under the lights.  Love the waffle fries and their milkshakes.  All the employees that works there are very polite.  Just love it.
What can I say except I have soft spot for Chick-fil-A.   Perhaps it's their world-famous chicken sandwich. Or perhaps their hatred of the sacred cow.  Either way I like it.   I prefer the plain old number one sandwich combination, hold the pickle.   Also, their milkshakes are rather tasty.  However, their waffle fries could use some improvement, . as could their approach for filling up soda behind the counter. Other than that, I'm sorry Yelp, I'm giving a fast food restaurant four stars.
The classic chicken sandwich with cheese is fantastic for a quick lunch.

But I have stopped going altogether because the woman who works the dining room during lunch insists on having 3 different interactions while I am trying to chew my food.

First time she asks if everything's ok.  Next time she asks if she can refill my untouched soda.  And the third time she asks if she can take my tray. I recognize that probably follows her training guidelines. But it is not working for this guy.

All I want is 20 minutes of peace while I eat.  I am more than capable of expressing any unmet needs.
Love their chicken sandwiches and biscuits! Their lemonade is awesome, as well. The service at this location is always fast and friendly. The food is hot and fresh. I stop here pretty often for breakfast on my way to work. You can order a sandwich instead of a biscuit for breakfast, if you prefer! :)
This location is always clean and the staff is friendly. I visit here when the truck is being serviced next door. The same team always seem to be working the front as well. Pristine both for food and experience!
I've been here twice during my busy lunch break, and I've been very happy with the service.  The price is also great.  I really love the 3 veggy sides; I usually do the macaroni and cheese, house salad and french fries.  You can't beat that for $5.99!  I'm also very impressed with how fast and attentive the servers are during this busy time.  I found the host to be friendly and quick to seat us as well.  I would come back any time for lunch!
I always receive good service here, went yesterday around lunch time and was seated promptly.  Food came out in a very decent time frame.  2 entrees and an appetizer for only $20 YOU CAN  NOT BEAT IT!  And the food was excellent

Also, there is karaoke until around 2am, I'm not sure exactly what nights besides Friday's and Saturdays, but it's always entertaining!

Check the location out for sure :)
I have been to this location 2 times during lunch because it is close to my work. I didn't think the service was that great either time. The food is good though. I will probably be back to this location unfortunately because there is not much around this area to eat when you only get an hour for lunch.
I went on Thursday which is Kareoke night loud and drinks are 1/2 price. Food isn't any good though
No more breadstick for you ... 
 
My co-worker and I went  to Applebee's for lunch, it was after 1, so we figured the rush would be gone. We each ordered the USS (unlimited soup and salad). While we were eatting our server asked if we wanted to have another go around of soup and salad, while I love love soup, I am not big on salad, so I said I would have soup and another breadstick, he said sorry we are only allowed to give one breadstick per USS deal. What? Really? Yep, if you want unlimited breadsticks you better head east to Olive Garden.
I will say that it is a good deal for the $6.99 price, if you are a salad fanatic, then you will love the 8 varieties to choose from and the cup of soup is a hearty portion.
This food sucks. I would rather spend 20 cents on ramen noodles because I would end up happier. Even when a coworker drags you here just pass on putting any of this in your mouth. No matter how hungry you are!
slow slow slow ... turtle or snail slow service
The Applebee's on Elliot is a Big NO for me. Service is very slow & they didn't even give me the correct amount of food I paid for! I will say that I do go to the Applebee's on 24th & Baseline quite frequently. It's good for a quick drink, food is average, service is ok! Like going during non-busy hrs to avoid the crowd. Drink of choice is the Blue Moon or Long Island Iced Tea
Horrible... I ordered car side to go because I was in a hurry and thought it would be a good way to save time. I placed my order with a server who didn't know anything about the menu or lunch specials. I was told my order would be ready at 1:30 and asked what type of vehicle I drive. Pulled up in the car side spot around 1:40 and continued to sit in my car and wait another 8 minutes. Finally walked in the side door to a server who was standing there talking on the phone. He acknowledged me while still on the phone and I told him I was picking up an order to go. He looked at a few tickets and didn't bother to check the bag that was sitting right in front of him, said it would be a few minutes and then moved to another station to get on a personal phone call. Waiting another couple of minutes another server came out bringing drinks and asked what I needed. Finally he was able to get me my food that was sitting at the station the whole time. I let him know I was out there waiting 10 minutes and that there was another car there waiting too. This is just ridiculous whats the point of car side. I may be able to understand if it was busy but the place was dead and servers seem to care more about their personal phone calls then their customers agenda.
Horrible! Waited 40 minutes on a Wednesday at 2 pm. there was a line out the door and only 3 tables were taken. no one came up to us for 15 minutes and he was rude and dirty. waitress was rude and had dirty fingernails. she kept sighing and grunting and would just throw stuff on our table. hamburger was served raw. Literally RAW. Won't even go on about it. Ruined appledbees for me forever. Stay AWAY!
It's applebees what can you expect. The server had too many tables, the drinks were slow due to the bartender serving too many guests. I sort of expect it though. That's why I normally sit at the bar and will from now on. The Happy hour is nice though.
I always love a trip to the neighborhood Applebee's in South Phoenix when I'm in town. The recent remodel looks great. Service, drinks, and food were excellent tonight!!!
Dropped my daughter off at her in laws house in South Phoenix and my son and I had some time to kill before we had to pick her back up, and I wasn't into driving back into Chandler. I asked my son if he wanted to go visit our old Applebee's.  We use to live in South Phoenix for 8 years, and Applebee's on 24th st & Baseline became like a family/friend hang out for us.

So off we went, it was 7pm on St Patty's Day but only had a 15 min wait, which we thought was pretty cool.  When we got to our booth, we talked about the times we had been there , and how one time my son was just being a jerk and the rest of us were starving and he only ordered celery, it was fun talking about the old memories.

We went with the 2 for 20 deal, and the food tasted great, our service was friendly and fast, it was the end of the meal and we just paid and then my son looked down on the floor and just said oh my, I looked at him because he doesn't say that that much and I said whats going on,  he said mom, just move fast and lets leave a mouse just ran by our feet...I said WHAT!! He said yes, it was this big showing me with his hands and said just move carefully and lets go, let me tell you I wanted to puke my dinner up right then....but I didn't, I left the tip, because she was good, and we left.

Yes I did tell Patrick the Kitchen Manger that my son had saw a mouse, he told me that they come from across the street and that he will notify his pest control guy.

BUT OMG!!! I hate mice, I will not be coming back, I know it happens more often than I would like to know about, this was a place that held some fun memories for us, but I am not looking to go back any time soon.
If only I could give negative stars!
When I arrived It was fairly busy though we were able to be seated right away. Our server was awful. She took our drink orders with what seemed like an attitude and very little patience she stormed off before I could finish my sentence. After a while she returned with our two waters and a lemonade, at which time she took our orders. The appetizer we ordered took over 20 minutes to arrive and was burned when it did! So much so I was insulted that our server would even bring them to our table. I said excuse me to the manager who ignored me completely and continued to a another table in our area. When she finished her conversation she finally looked up and acknowledged that I'd spoken to her and returned to our table. Confronted with the burned food she seemed annoyed but apologized and had them replaced. The server refreshed my drink and returns it a watered down version of the first. After another 15 minutes I was able to get her attention and another 10 after that my drink was replaced. Our appetizer came out followed by the food 30 minutes later minus my sons grilled cheese which took another 15 minutes after getting her attention,she'd forgotten about it. We asked for more water which we didn't get. The manager never checked in again no further apologies or concessions given. We were given no flatware or napkins and were treated horribly! Slow service, dismissive staff, very poor customer service. Only positive was the hostess was accommodating and helpful. POOR SERVICE!
After a terrible experience another manager called and apologized profusely the Monday following my experience. He offered to send a gift card so that my family could return and give the restaurant another try. I told him that honestly we wouldn't be returning to that restaurant but would be willing to try again with another franchise. Without disclosing an amount he took my address down assured me he was sending it right away. This was on the 29th of March the envelope wasn't even postmarked until the 13 of this month OVER two weeks later. I just received it today! Never mind I had to call them on Monday the 15 to be sure it was even sent on top of it all the sent a measly $25 for the three of us. I spent three times that amount while I was there! Just feels like a cheap attempt at getting us there to spend more money rather than a comp for HORRIBLE service. Really Awful all the way around! Had he told me he was sending $25 I would have told him to not even bother. If I were you I wouldn't bother with them either plenty of better food in other customer friendly franchise's.
Food at Applebees tis just okay, got their soup and salad which is a good deal.  Caylee was our server and she was great so that is why they got 4 stars!
Ok for a quick lunch. The server was nice, but the food was average at best.
If I could go negative, I would and I am usually a big fan of Applebee's! Had the same experience with the gift card fiasco as someone else reviewing and it didn't impress me.  
Called in car side yesterday and showed up at time they said.  Sat in my car with another customer beside me for over 5 mins, no one came out. I called the store and they sent someone out to get my name and order!! Um, didn't you get all that PLUS make n color when I ordered?!? He had to then go back in to get it.  I was livid by now so I just gave him the cash and drove off.  Never again will I go to this one.  I will drive outta my way next time...
Awful experience. My girlfriend and I just wanted a quick bite that wouldn't make us feel like crap, so we fell for the Applebee's ad for low calorie options. We got there and we're seated near the door despite there being plenty of room in the restaurant. They seated a man who appeared to be homeless and providing his own beverage choices (he poured a clear liquid into his water glass). 
We didn't get to order for about 15 minutes. We both ordered an under 500 calorie meal and neither of us finished it. It looked like a diet microwave meal dumped on the plate. Some of the shrimp were overcooked and rubbery while others were undercooked and translucent.  
Not going back, even though it is just down the street.
They do not even earn a star, came in explained we were there on lunch break. We all ordered soup and salad. It took about three try's to get that correct. The server blamed the kitchen, shouldn't they check the order before serving? The manager was ambivalent at best. The worst going back to work hungry and disappointed.
This is the worst Applebees I've ever set foot in. So ghetto that they have a police officer that just hangs out in the restaurant, definitely something I don't want my children seeing. 
The staff is rude and disrespectful. Never will I set foot in here again. 
I can't believe corporate hasn't shut this place down yet.
Three of us went for lunch on a Sunday at 24th & Baseline. The place was pretty empty. We all ordered the all you can eat soup and salad.  It took forever to get our food so when the order finally came, we put in our second oder.  The next round finally came (which again, took forever)  and we did not get breadsticks this time.  I advised that we did not get breadsticks and we were told we only get one on the first order.  Please note, that if you read their menu, it states,  ALL you can eat, Soup, Salad AND Breadsticks.  They should read their own menu.  Won't go back. poor service, lack of knowledge.   They need a new training program/management team. I have experienced poor service at ALL Applebees.   usually a manager comes around and asks if everything is okay.  NO sign of a manager at all.
Toooooooo freaking bright ,  i am gettin lightbulb burn.   Servers sitting at the bar with their uniform.  The bartender took 8!minites to acknowled me.   Toooooooo bright! Not likelly to return :-(.
The good was TERRIBLE! In addition to that the service was even WORSE! No ice, the food was not cooked properly as well as it took forever for anything to finally make it to our table! We will never return to this particular place AGAIN!
This Applebee's is so crowd I hate going there. The wait is alway ridiculous. Which I don't really understand why. The food is bland and cold unless you get a skillet steak. The happy hour is okay bit even then it still classified as bar food at best. My recommendation is find another place.
The pad thai here was once a staple of mine, getting it at least a couple times a month. Now that I live in Seattle it's a must-go on every trip to the area.
The have a great lunch buffet for combos during weekdays for $5-6, but the prices are always pretty good. 
The decor is plain but you don't go here for ambiance, you go for the 200 options on the menu, the awesome fake meats and the great price.
Colloquially, this place is referred to as "Sketch Veg".

I've visited about twice and was completely confused both times. The food seems to be missing _something_: a spice, love, freshness - I'm not sure what it is but I know that the plaza is in dire need of a flavourful vegetarian spot.
Having both eaten in this restaurant and ordered takeout from it, I have to say that I am so far impressed with the quality of food and service.

This restaurant doesn't serve only vegetarian food - some dishes come with meat in them, and some can have it added. I personally found that my food was fresh and well prepared.

The service was also very friendly and the prices were reasonable for the amount of food that you get. If you order your food by phone, you won't have to wait long to pick it up. It can be ready in as little as 10 to 15 minutes
I love this place. Great for eating in or taking out. Lunch is a great price and a good variety, but empties out fast.

What keeps me coming back? Best pad thai I've ever had, hands down. They'll spice it up or down depending on your tolerance. I've only ever gone up to three scoops, but have known other to push to six.
I say to those who doubt that Vegetarian food can be tasty! Try the Vegetarian Fastfood Restaurant if you don't like it, well you ordered the wrong meal.

The Pad Thai is superb!
Veggie chicken, ham, fish. The list is never ending. Quick service, too. The food is delicious, so is the price. The decor in this resto may say bland, but the food most defiantly does not. Everything i have had on the menu has been overwhelmingly satisfying. I am a big fan of the rice paper rolls, they come with a peanut sauce that is delectable. Their pad thai is amazing too. I've never been accompanied to the restaurant with someone eating off the non veg menu, but there is quite a selection.

This place is a gem hidden within the university plaza
I came here twice. Both times I had their lunch combos. Both times were really mediocre, but still the cheapest option on the plaza. I would recommend getting take out since they serve a little more food that way. However, I have yet to try their pad thai. I suppose their regular dishes are tastier.
Vegetarian Fastfood Restaurant's name is a misnomer as there are many meat dishes on the menu, as well the expected vegetarian fare. The food seems to have mostly a Thai/Asian theme, but to be honest I didn't go over the menu too carefully. I was here with a vegetarian friend who counts this among her favourite restaurants in KW, so I was ready to be impressed.

I'm not a vegetarian, but when in Rome...  they have an unbelievable (to me) number of vegetarian "meats". As another review pointed out they have vegetarian ham, chicken, fish, and more. I had the vegetarian Pad Thai and my companion had the vegetarian ham, which is a slice of heaven for her. My Pad Thai was quite good, I honestly didn't miss the meat... OK maybe the shrimp a little. I managed to sneak a piece of ham off my friend's plate, and I was really impressed; tasted just like ham.

The restaurant itself was not very impressive. The interior is very basic, and a bit shabby. The table we sat at looked clean, but was sticky. The utensils were dirty too, and I had to get another set brought to our table. Just because a restaurant is located in a student neighbourhood doesn't mean it can't be clean. I'd recommend take out, unless you're killing time in the area.
Currently sick and eating their congee with vegetarian chicken. Coming from a very Asian-influenced town, vegetarian restaurants of this kind are nothing new to me. In fact, I adore places like these as they are usually Buddhist based and very Zen. 

The prices are pretty great for what you get. I ordered a soup (4.50) and a congee (5.50) for take-out and they both came in those large, Styrofoam soup containers. Excellent for anyone missing Chinese home-cooking or for anyone who is under the weather and needing something not too heavy and easy to digest.

The service was fast. I placed my order, paid, and stepped out to buy a cake from the nearby Marble Slab. When I came back, they were just putting it in the bags and I was good to go. And the people there were very nice and they didn't need to do much really, but I could tell they were willing to do all they can provide good service.

Super sketch interior, of course. But I have this mindset that the sketchiest places are often where the real gems are. This place just proves me right! Come in with an open mind and you will like it, I promise. Will definitely be coming back.
Good lunch. Although the pad Thai isn't very authentic, I like it a lot :)
Yummm. I'm really regretting not trying this place earlier in my university career. I guess the name and storefront just don't look that appealing. After seeing good reviews on Yelp, I decided to give it a try.

I really like their pad thai with tofu and veggie chicken. It's not like any other pad thai I've ever had, so I assume it's not very authentic (or is it?... who cares?!) The sauce is more piquant like curry and has a red colour. The dish doest come with the standard pad thai accompaniments. Bean sprouts and peanuts along with some pieces of green pepper and celery.

They have an enormous menu, and it would take a very long time to try everything. Most of the menu is vegetarian (with soy/fake meats), but they do have a page of non-vegetarian options for the carnivores among us.

Overall, I think this is great food (especially the pad thai) on a student budget. Much better than you'd get on campus. Over the few weeks after discovering this place, I'll admit I've gotten takeout 3 or 4 times. agh.
One of three Harvey's restaurants in a span of approximately five blocks (the others at Laurier and King/Weber), this one is arguably the busiest due to the proximity to UW.

Service is quick and efficient, though the employees aren't as interactive as the one at King/Weber. The burger is cooked decently, and toppings are inserted with a respectable amount. Overall I was satisfied with the burger.

I wish the employees here would show a bit more emotion and at least acknowledge you though.
This is the stable burger place in University Plaza that's the nearest to UW. It's definitely the to-go place if you are looking for a quick bite while having the desire to satisfy your craving on burgers and fries.

Their burgers are relatively healthier than what you can find from equivalent places, say Burger King across the road. This is because they don't do much frying on their meat as much, and you can customize what veggies goes into your burger(you can really make it healthy if you want).

While it's nice to have relatively healthier burgers, they don't taste as good as others. Also, their fries, onion rings and even poutine don't taste as good either.

And they are not the cheapest burger place in town, so don't hold your expectations too high.
The employees seem desensitized by their job, but the food is very well prepared. It does not seem sloppy at all with wrapping and building which unexpected from a chain burger place in a busy student plaza. I think it was mentioned before but I also wish the employees seemed to show more care for the customer. I have never been to a Harvey's and I asked what size their. Jr. burger was, and the cashier said ' smaller than a regular burger.' No shit....

But still, it is a good place!!!! Go here.
It's a 2 for 1. I could literally fuel my tank with the amount of gas this place gives me (and everyone I know). The food tastes good but smells kinda like that "Harvey's smell" and it's hard to get rid of...you'll know what I mean if you try it out sometime!!
The best part about this burger joint is its proximity to campus.

Having spent most of my savings on University of Waterloo tuition, I used the food stamp coupons that they provide in the mail. For $4.99 you can get a combo meal with the original burger, fries or onion rings, and a fountain drink. Good deal (Y)

Only complaint is that they should be more generous with the toppings. There was only 1 slice of tomato and a pinch of lettuce in my burger.
bad customer service !!!! this wendy's @ this location is a fucking joke excuse my language but its the truth.. the bitches there are so freak in lazy so is management.. well the time of my wendy's experience was about 1:30pm thursday august 07/2008 at the north las vegas location..  this is what happened first i went through the drive th ru to place my order , my order was chic nuggets , jr bcb , fresh french fries. the bitch act like she could not here me so i took my ass inside.. place the same order so the lady who was taken the order at the drive th ru heard me placing my order with the cashier in the front so she starts to give me my same order .. so i ask her if my fries are fresh , she said " what" i ask her again , she act like she did not understand so i had to break the definition down to her , fresh meaning just came out of the oil .. she said i know what it means " the bitch didn't act like she knew what it meant.. always a instant attitude at this location all the time , when i request fresh fries what is the problem i am paying my money for fresh fries i already know that its going to be a 2min wait who cares.. and of coarse the bitch was black ... black with an attitude .. i never have this problem at macdonald's , kfc when i want something fresh i already know there's going to be an automatic wait.. this location is always a problem very bad service .. there was about 5 black girls working with attitudes. even the manager had an attitude. the cashier inside who took my order was very nice and polite.. i even tipped her $3.00 management/employees
need to go back to customer service training..  .. what employees are really to comfortable and  forgot how to treat the customers..
 time for them to go..
there giving wendys a bad rep..
corporate needs to come and do a sweep..


sincerely
disgruntled customer
north las  vegas nv


wendy's 
1301 w craig rd, 
north las vegas, 
nv 89032
I usually post some place that's worth going, but this is a place I have to fore-warn you about.

First, bad customer service.  Wrong me the order, then made me wait 15 minutes for a hamburger since everything is frozen solid.  No apology from the manager, and didn't even notify me the ETA of my burger.

2nd, their "FRESH" salad is rock solid.  If you want "FRESH" frozen salad, this is the place to be.  

3rd, I would not go to any Wendy's anymore unless Dave comes out personally and apologize to customers they've pissed off!
This location is total crap. Staff sucks, leave your attitude at the door. Also, I found a dead fly on my ceaser side salad! Absolutely disgusting!
Dont waste your time. The girl behind the counter was incredibly rude for no apparent reason, because you work at a  fast food joint and didn't amount to anything don't take it out on me.

First I asked if they had a military discount cause every other wendys does and she said no with an attitude. Second i ordered two meals and she kept getting it wrong. It took her 3 tries. Then when she made the drinks she slammed them on the counter almost spilling them. You would think that her seeing me by myself with two orders she might offer a drink carrier but no, so i ask for one and she just tosses it on the counter. Once i get my food i asked for ketchup she gave me 1 packet so i asked for some more packets she walks away and comes back with 1 more packet. Worst lunch ever
One of the worst Wendy's locations in Las Vegas.  I can not remember them ever getting my order right from leaving out things to forgetting straws and napkins.  I get the impression they just don't care at all.  Bad customer service.  Dirty bathrooms.  The place is ghetto.  Do not go there.  I wish it was better, but it's just not.  You are much better off going to Arbys or anywhere.
We have been here about three times in the last 6 weeks or so and so far everything has been great. Great service and fast service. Don't believe all the bad reviews you're seeing here. Go there and enjoy!!!
FOOD POISON!! Yep! I'm living it right now, and have been for the last few days. I ordered a burger, fries, and a strawberry lemonade and about 2 hours later I started my 3 day journey to and from the bathroom. I called them the morning after it begun and asked for a manager(I believe Fernando) who, after telling him what happened, said "Yeah, I mean, stuff happens."  WOW. I then told him he should go over cooking and food safety with his employees which apparently he thought was funny and unnecessary by his chuckle and lack of interest in my suggestion. Anyway he did offer to comp me food as if I wanted to ever return, and when I said I didn't want to eat there again he suggested a salad. Whenever I become well again I will probably be calling again and hopefully getting a number to someone that takes food safety seriously.
They forgot my fries...

C'mon guys, a combo meal is...say it with me...

A burger + a drink + FRIES

And yet they forgot the stinking fries.  Kid's screaming, can't turn the car around and get back in line...
1-star review because they forgot your fries? That stuff happens, what matters HERE is how the food was.

In-N-Out is a SoCal institution, STILL family-owned by the Snyder family for their entire history.. every location is company-owned, there are NO franchises and no "big corporation" behind the brand.  Simply put, this is THE best fast-food burger in the land, bar none, IMHO and of many, many others.  They use nothing but fresh ingredients - nothing is ever frozen - and their employees are the best in the industry, no doubt the fact that they're the best-paid in the industry has something to do with that.  If you've never had one - drop by for a Double-Double and experience true burger bliss.
Okay. These guys are the best when it comes to the late-night rush (4 cars in the drive-thru at 12:30 AM). The late-night crew is super friendly, even with my ridiculous "custom" order: Animal Style Cheeseburger, extra tomatoes, no pickles; Animal Fries, well done; and a chocolate-strawberry shake. No complaints, ever!

But inside, it's hectic and jumbled all the time (except for post 11 PM). 3 PM post-lunch slow down? Not here. Expect at least a 25 minute wait for food on the weekends. 

If you've never eaten at In-N-Out, you're missing out.
In-N-Out is an In-N-Out, only difference is it is in AZ which until maybe ten years ago wasn't so. My buddy used to come to Cali and go right from the airport to In-N-Out but now he has one in his own back yard to gorge on. I like to order a 3X3 protein style when I come here after a good workout. If I am having fast food this is the place to choose for sure for a burger. Clean location, good service, a little slow but why rush excellence???
am so glad that In/Out is 5mins away from where I live! its the bomb especially for late nite snack :) Love the fries/their fresh veggies and the friendly staff..
Steps to a enjoying successful In-N-Out Burger. 

1. Get drunk first, this will help your enjoyment of the burger. 

2. make sure its late at night so that you are surrounded by more drunk people like you and less teenagers and families. 

3. order the double double animal style (with fries and a drink if you are feeling fancy) and get it TO GO. 

4. Drive (or if you are too drunk have someone drive for you) home. At this point, you will start to smell the tasty scent of fresh burger with onions and cheese. You are probably dying to rip the paper bag open and devour your burger. but resist. enjoy the smell build-up and tell your burger how much you are going to enjoy eating him/her when you get home. 

5. get home and open your burger. Hold it with both hands. For epic classiness, make sure both your pinkies are raised because, after all, you are a lady/gentleman who knows who to eat a burger properly. 

6. Make sure you have drowned your burger with extra SPREAD (the thousand island sauce that you have to ask for when you get your burger TO GO). Let the spread and burger drippings fall down the side of your mouth and lick your fingers once you are down. 

7. Calm down. control the foodgasm- other people may be watching you and getting the hell creeped out.
OHHHHHHHHHH BABY!!!! I love me some InNOut Burger.  Growing up in Arizona we didn't have InNOut Burger, so when we went to So Cal to visit family, the daily trips to InNOut were like mini vacations within our vacation.  You can imagine how happy I was when they started opening them in the Valley.

I absolutely love this place.  Try something off the secret menu.  3x3, 4x4, animal style, well done fries... grilled cheese! yup!

The service is always good, the restaurants are always clean, and the food is always fresh.  Can't ask for much more.
Went in for a cheese burger with lettuce tomato and mayo. They told me they don't use mayonnaise. I said OK, no pickle no ketchup and no mustard, thinking I would get it plain and dry. WRONG! When I got it it was floating in thousand island dressing. I was so disgusted I just walked out and didn't even ask for a refund. If you can't get a burger the way you want it whats the point?
This is what I consider the best of the the "fast food" burger joints, except it's not really that fast.  Very simple and tasty menu, with secret ways of ordering.  Try the "Double-Double, animal style" sometime....yum!  You can baiscally get burgers, fries, sodas and shakes here...and that is the whole menu.

All the locations I've been to have pretty much been the exact same...slow and tasty!  Oh, and they are open LATE!
Not impressed. I'd rather have a Big Mac and fries at McDonald's. Can't understand why some rave about it.
The best time to go is around 4pm during the week, it's not too crowded and you can actually get a place to sit inside. The burgers are always great here. Double double, protein style, animal style! Yum!!
Not really sure what the big deal is with In N Out...I'm from Illinois so maybe the people living in AZ just don't know what a good burger is. In any case they are nothing special and I definitely don't recommend them
Had to try In-N-Out Burger during our vacation, how could you not? Solid burger, yummy fries.  I'm always down for a chocolate shake but I don't order them if I'm splurging on a burger, so had to skip that. Really loved the homemade bun for my regular cheeseburger. Toppings were fresh and tasty, next time I'd get onions too. Liked the outdoor seating in the sunshine. I've had better burgers, but as far as fast food goes this place would defintely come out on top.
I am a frequent flier here and for good reason. Everyone knows about the secret menu, so experiment! I like my fries done LIGHT WELL. Between Five Guys and In-N-Out, you can't go wrong. This place wins though! #winning
Great and fast service. Tons of people here during lunch time but thats not a reason to dock stars. We were fortunate to get seats as a table was leaving. Line was out the door but the food came quickly. Excellent service and delicious food. Highly recommended: get extra "spread" packets for burgers and fries (their special sauce).
Best fast-food burgers in the valley, hands down. The fries are amazing and can be cooked to your preference. Look up the secret menu.
Oh In N Out how I love thee. Your burgers are fresh and your service is great. I don't get weird looks when I order a double double protein style with onion and extra mustard, just a smile and a what else can I get for you? Yesterday service was particularly good and the nice gentleman that took our order came around to make sure that we were doing good. He was friendly and made good conversation. The burgers taste great and I will keep coming back for more. In N Out does it right. Keepin it real, keepin it simple, it works!
" I want a hamburger, nothing else! Nothing to drink, just a frigging hamburger, that's IT"  ....." Hello sir, you want a hamburger, do you want cheese on it?"  B I T C H ! I said hamburger, not cheese burger!  "Alright then Sir. With onions? " YES with everything , "  " And what would you like to DRINK? " OMG!!! I told you up front,          N o t h I n g to drink!!!! Remember? OK sir, one hamburger with onions, no drink, FRYS? "OMG! please leave me alone!!! NO frys! I TOLD. You just a lonely burger!!!! "WILL you be eating it in the car???? " Oh sweet Jesus! Do you really need to know??? Can I just surprise myself? Are you a Mormon robot???
Being from the east coast we don't have any in an out burger joints.  I am definitely a fan of this place the burgers are great only downfall is the lack of menu options and the lack of meat....  Fatten those patties up?
Prob one of the best of the fast food type burger places but way overrated. They definitely have a cult following.

I have to say the burger is really good especially as animal style (one of the not so secret menu options). It is so small though you have to get at least a double or even a triple to be satisfied (3x3 good option). So once you have ordered a 3x3, animal style you got a nice sized burger that has all the right cheese gooeyness, grilled onion and sauce to boot. (prob is it hikes up the price).

I have to say the fries just suck (these are fighting words to the in-n-out lovers). They are cut fresh but they don't cook them right. They are soggy little suckers so i have to say Fry well (or well done) to get them in some sort of crispiness but then they are almost cooked to much. So i usually don't order anymore. They need to learn how to do the twice cook method (blanch then crisp)

Shakes are ok but nothing special what so ever. I do like how they have little hot yellow chiles if you want them.
Nice pleasant drive thru attendant.  Quick and efficient service.  They ask if you're eating in the car and offer you a lap mat (see picture).  I like to ask for grilled onions and extra spread.  They are always obliging.  Plus, the food is good. Duh.
Foods good as always. Wanted to buy an empty medium-size cup. Instead of charging me the price for a cup they wanted to charge me a dollar 68 like I was getting a full soda. Ridiculous
Consistently great tasting burgers!  Not much to them but they are so good.  The staff is always cheerful as well.
I think perhaps fast food chicken places hire the most stupid of all employees available to the fast food industry.

We have stopped here a few times to pick up food and eat it at home. Not once have we gotten what we ordered. Ok I am sure now you are thinking I must be the most stupid of customer for not checking before I leave. Well yeah I agree with you. But this last time we ordered 12 pieces, I did look in the bag to see that all that we ordered was there. I did not take the chicken out to count it, we got eight pieces. Gus called to complain and all they said was, what am I supposed to do about it? So I will answer that question now, Nothing do nothing and I will wise up and just bypass your store from now on.
Let me make this clear to everyone!!! People at fast foods are there for a reason! Most of them are going to school, or just there for the summer! i am not talking bad about them! Most of them, this is their first jobs!! So the service at most fast food joints are not going to be great. With that said, this location does have some issues. But that is expected. Popeyes Chicken is my favorite fast food chicken only behind Pioneer's!!! I love their spicy chicken, mashed potato's and gravy, and red beans w/rice. I like that their menu has a lot of different items! This location is the closest to my home. So when I am in the area, watch out! I'll be there!
Love this chicken!  Tried their new Surf and Turf and found the shrimp to be smaller than they look on TV and too much breading.  But, did I say I love this chicken?  However, the counter staff could use some refresher courses on customer service.
Only Place you can still get the Fried apple pie. Service is good never had any problems.
Not sure how this place is getting good reviews, unless they are employees or we just hit it on a bad day. 

The staff is not friendly at all and when we got our three meals home, they had absolutely no dipping sauces that we had asked for, no condiments or anything.

The coleslaw was warm and disgusting, so we couldn't eat it and my catfish was so rubbery and undercooked it was like chewing gum.  I couldn't eat it.  Had to throw entire dinner away, except for the biscuit.

The only reason I'm giving  it two stars is the chicken strips that my kids got looked halfway decent.
Uhhhhh, Ok I guess this place was good, my only complaint about it was the mac n' cheese that I got wasn't stirred up, it looked like when you make kraft mac n' cheese and just pour the cheese powder on there and not mix it together....yeah kinda gross. Everything was great about this place otherwise, fast and friendly service and was in and out within 6 mins.
This KFC is poorly ran with an exceptionally poor evening staff. I have visited this location about 10 times over the last year and have left twice without purchasing food. the first was due to a 20 minute wait, second was due to staff informing me that the dining room was closed during normal business hours and that I would need to purchase my food in the drive through. With the mess up of my order (two other occasions) that arent apparent until I have already gotten home. There have been at least two occasions where I have been treated very well and have gotten excellent food with great customer service but unfortunately they were all during the day time. Make sure you check your food!
Food is ok, not fresh if you go at 12:30 after lunch rush. Staff to busy talking in the back. Not impressed with this location. Avoid this location
Trash was overflowing! Literally. The dining room had one couple in it, and unless a busload full of people left moments before we walked in, I can't think of any valid excuse that the trash was overflowing, the tables weren't wiped and there was trash all over the floor. 

The only reason I'm giving two stars is - the chicken was great (we took our order home), the order was right and everything was hot. We got an extra spork in our order (bonus) so I'm not gonna hold the fact that there was no honey packet for the biscuits (its not really honey anyhow, ya know..)

Management - clean up your act.
KFC as a whole is just not worth the money. This store sells you overcooked hours old chicken to boot. Frys has better chicken. So sad.
Why isn't less than 1 star a possibility?  We try this every now and again, thinking it's got to be better.  This was just a one bad night.  Well, that's it.  Service is too long, employees don't know their menu, the place is warm, service is terrible, and the food is not that great to begin with.  We have had ore bad experiences here so we won't go back.
It's probably been about a year or so since I've been here. I ordered the 3 piece combo with a large drink for $9.05. Pretty pricey for 3 pieces of chicken and two smallish sides and a drink. 

I'll let you in on a secret, I pull the fried stuff off of my chicken. And underneath all that fried stuff are juicy and tasty pieces of chicken. The cole slaw at all of the KFC's is the best. Nobody beats the Colonel on cole slaw. The biscuit was good, I usually throw it out 9 times out of ten because it's usually hard and rank tasting. So the Colonel has definitely stepped it up a few notches in the biscuit department. More mash potatoes instead of all that gravy people. I didn't come here just to eat gravy.

The place is clean and the employees seem to do a good job. Why only 3 stars. That constant drive up bell drove me nuts. I was trying to get some reading in and the bell keep ringing non-stop. It kinda reminded me of the ACDC tune Hell's Bells in the beginning of the song. Imagine this bell sound every 15 seconds while you're in the dinning room.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0G1RqPUvW8Y
If I could give a No Star I would give it to them. The food was cold, the service sucked, ( drive thru ) personnel had big attitude as if I was inconveniencing their "chill" time, and they gave me attitude for speaking proper English and them not understanding it. So I will never go back to this KFC.
Seriously, worst KFC.....EVERY TIME. Chicken: hard and been sitting in a warmer for probably 4 hours. Drive thru: Doesn't even say hi. Receipt....what receipt, we're gonna jack up your order so why would we give you a receipt? Order: NEVER right.

I don't know why I keep going back....oh ya because most KFC's have their stuff together, but not this one. It's never clean in there, there's almost ALWAYS homeless people hanging around and someone in the parking lot working on their car. 

I'm done with this ghetto location, if I want KFC I'll make the drive to a nicer location where they won't eff up my food.
It's Friday night at 5:30 and I ordered an eight piece of extra crispy. I was told it would take twenty minutes. I left.
Not so great chicken, and a service charge. Ordered two 10 piece buckets, one of which was total mush. Not a crisp piece in the entire bucket. In addition, I was charged a 39 cent service fee for using a debit card. There is now a sign in the window that this location charges a 39 cent service fee on all orders with a 39 cent discount for cash and CREDIT card customers. When I questioned the charge, and informed the not-especially-helpful cashier that my debit card can also be processed as a credit card, he insisted that it could not, and that their system charges automatically for debit cards.  What a rip off!
I'm well aware that Jack In The Box is by no means a purveyor of healthy and innovative culinary creations.  But unhealthy as the food may be if eaten on a daily (or even weekly) basis, I don't see much harm in occasionally succumbing to my latent junk food addiction.  Whenever I'm in the mood to throw caution to my waistline while holding tight to my wallet, JITB is invariably the first place that comes to mind--at least so long as it's been a respectable 3+ weeks since my last visit.

Setting aside the broader debate on the extent to which fast food may or may not be to blame for all that is wrong with America today, those of us who do at least occasionally frequent what I like to euphemistically term "accelerated dining establishments" are sometimes faced with important choices about where to fill up on empty calories.  For a number of reasons, I think JITB stands above the rest.  First, JITB serves both breakfast and lunch/dinner at all times, so if you arrive at 11:30 am in search of a breakfast sandwich, you won't be stuck getting a burger instead.  Second, JITB always seems to have new and interesting menu items.  Third, and most importantly, the Ultimate Cheeseburger is always delicious.

As for this particular location, I've been twice.  Both times, I found the employees to be the friendliest and most courteous I've ever encountered at a fast food restaurant (though the people working at the KFC/A&W location on the corner of Baseline and Central are similarly deserving of praise), and everything I've tried has lived up to my memories of what JITB should taste like.  If at all possible, though, I suggest eating on-site or in the car instead of waiting until you get home, as the food is never quite the same again after those first few minutes pass.
Ok, it's a J in the B.  Stupid to write a review.  But I rarely eat fast food and almost NEVER J in the B.  

During a recent adventure in S Phoenix, I was in need of some lunch and this was the only place around.  Well, this and a Whattaburger, so my choices were pretty limited.

Wow.  This place is CLEAN.  And the woman who took my order was both FRIENDLY and COMPETENT.  My order came out QUICKLY and was CORRECT.

All things I usually never experience at fast food joints, or at least all at once.  5 stars.
Gadz, I feel so guilty diluting the all 5 Star rating record for this Jack in the Box!     :-O

Anyhow, I WILL rave up the bathroom & the sandwich.  (Ugh!  Do both of those belong in the same sentence?)

Anyhow again, I love that we have a fast food restaurant here that actually has PAPER TOWELS in the bathroom!  Remember them??  

Ok, so a stop in here for lunch today was called for to satisfy curiosity about their much heralded "Outlaw Burger".  This came out as a fairly large burger featuring barbecue sauce, onion rings, bacon, lettuce, tomato & cheese.

I like this JiB a little less than my 4 Star one at 5814 S. Central, only because it doesn't have any full booths.  The dining room was clean, the service friendly, & light rock played at an appropriate volume.  Oh, and the burger?  TERRIFIC!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-))

Outlaw Burger $3.49 or FREE with that coupon you got in the mail & threw out!     :-)
Post a big night out, there's something so magical about being able to pull up through a drive through and leave with a customizable egg sandwich!

That's truly the reason why I LOVE JACK IN THE BOX!  I like to get the Breakfast Jack ($0.99) (available 24/7) with 2 extra eggs ($0.49/extra egg) and no meat.  

PARTING THOUGHT:  Throw in some mini churros (5 for $1) and you have delicious hangover insurance for just $3.25!
Still like this Jack in the Box slightly less than some other local locations because it lacks full booths.  With that said though, I stopped in here today for a Jr. Jack Burger plus two free tacos with one of their ubiquitous coupons.  Everything was delicious, especially the tacos after being turbocharged with some of their Frank's Red Hot Sauce.  (You have to ask for it; they keep it hidden.)

The above, along with friendly service and the super inexpensive price of $1.19 for everything earns this Jack in the Box 4 Stars this time, missing booths notwithstanding!     :-))
It's all about execution, baby!  As an operations guy I really appreciate the execution I see at In & Out burger again and again.  Since moving to AZ I have made probably 15 total visits to In & Out burger spread over 5-6 locations.  

Not once has there been the slightest mistake on my order.

Not once has an employee been anything less than polite and efficient.

While In & Out is not the greatest burger on earth it is pretty good and has been 100% consistent across locations and visits.

That's execution, baby.

Stark contrast to a local McDonald's where it has actually become an amusing stat for us to follow.  They have not gotten an order right for us.  Ever.
In and out is the bee's knees!!
I only started hitting this place in the past few years but people in England would freak if they had this.
Excellent food(For fast food) made in front of you
Sometimes you have to wait but well worth it.
 Gives fat burger a run for the money
Much 
ALOHA there
A.B.
In & Out Burger is my FAVORITE.  I could have one of their burgers any day, at any time.  Hands down, my favorite.   DYING for them to expand and come east!!

Reviewing this location in Phoenix as it was the last one I visited.  I was with over a dozen rowdy softball players, and they put together our entire order in no time.  Their locations are always clean, with classic decor and super friendly staff.  I've heard that they pay their employees very well, so they're in turn loyal, and treat the customers (and prepare the food) very well.

The menu is simple, and everything on it is fantastic.  You can't go wrong.
The five stars is because this is the BEST fast food burger joint in the USA.

The food is hot and fresh, the menu is small so it keeps things simple and dang if the burgers are mouthwatering delicious.  This is the best thing to come out of california next to fake boobs.

Parking is a pain, and there is usually a line (inside).  Avoid at all costs at lunchtime, it's PACKED, and that includes the drive-thru.  If you can't stand the line, there many alternatives within walking distance.

Oh, and get a milkshake!
Just eat there. Its amazing. Oh and order from the "secret menu" you can get a mix of flavors for your shake. I personally LOVE LOVE  LOVE the shakes I think they are amazing! Along with the burgers and the fresh cut fries!! MMMMM
Very tasty! But omg the fries have like 500 plus calories and grease, I usually skip on those cuz my stomach can't handle alot of grease, their double double cheese burgers are really good!
I LOVE IT!!! this one ha super fast service!
The most mediocre and disappointing burger experience in a restaurant ever. I suppose the hype about this place (especially after seeing The Big Lebowski) built it up to be a transcendental experience didn't help matters much. The long wait makes matters worse. Here it is: The burger; OK, not much to it, nothing flavorful or special. Big Boy in the old days was 10 times better. The fries were the most pitiful sight I've seen, the taste (or lack of ) was worse. I forced myself to consume them, but after several fries gave up. Not hot, not crispy, no substance, just awful.  Save your money and go to Culver's to experience a real greasy burger.
The best fast food burgers
Best fries because they are fresh. Protien burgers and x x x burgers are fun. Secret menu is the bomb.
Consistently awesome. Best burger and fries in Gilbert.
So many Burger Places So Little Time......We LOVED In and Out Burger So Much that we SKIPPED our visit to Paradise Bakery & Cafe! GREAT BURGER AND EVEN BETTER FRIES.........Our 1st Visit was at 10:30 PM on a Weeknight and the Place was Busy!  People eating inside and outside...and lots of Cars in the Drive Through Waiting to place Orders To Go..... Can't wait to return during our next visit to AZ:):)
In-N-Out is incredible. If you have not ever been here, you need to go! They have yummy fries and burgers. If your vegetarian, they have a burger for that. Also, be sure to ask about their "Secret Menu" - I like Animal Style fries.
Of course, everyone loves themselves some In-N-Out Burger!

Service: Quick, efficient service! I always see lines dozens of cars deep, so I have definitely sat in a 20 minute line to satisfy an intense In-N-Out craving before... however we ventured inside this time and had our food within 5 minutes.

Tip: Supposedly you should ask about a secret menu, which entails something called "Animal Style", which is a really saucy-grilled-oniony version of the original. So if you like that, go balls to the wall. Apparently you can get your french fries Animal Style too, which actually sounds pretty good.

Location: This particular location was a real mess. Dirty tables everywhere, crap all over the floors. Real shame too, because there were employees just standing around most of the time.
Best fast food joint around for the price.  Forget about Ronald McDonald and The King.
Love it !  Everytime I come to Arizona or head West I grab a burger animal style!
Well done, animal style, no pickles. That's all that needs to be said.
Always great clean food. I eat there all the time and they are so good about not making a mistake on the order. Competitors sometimes dont listen to your order and are inaccurate at high volumes but them manage to stay accurate even when they are extremely busy.
Love this In & Out location, the cashiers and kitchen are extremely fast and my food always tastes excellent.

Never been a big fan of their fries, but love the cheeseburgers and milkshakes!
So tempting to stop by late at night. Open til 1am.
I just moved here from CA, so you can imagine my delight when i found one of our own here :-)  Just as good as the ones in CA with the added benefit of a shorter line!! We went at 8pm on a Friday (when it would be out the door and around the block in CA) and walked right up to order. Delicious! :-)
I have gone through the drive through several times and I have always been greeted with the friendliest staff I have ever experienced at a fast food restaurant.  Combine that with the amazing food, this restaurant is now my favorite burger place.
i really developed an addiction living so close to an in and out burger.....Oh it was so easy to swing by and get my burger fix in.  I cannot say enough about them....they blow away any other fast-good burger---i think five guys strives to be as good.....but they are not.....If you ever want me to shut up---give me a cheeseburger...
Fast and friendly staff! Get the double double with only cheese. Just like a grilled cheese with some tasty patties. Trust me, it's better than a traditional cheese burger!
Fasts friendly service very clean and always a tasty burger!
Yummy !!! Always a favorite place to go to when in town. How can something so simple be so delicious, and yet sometimes overrated but since Oregon doesn't have the chain, I always have to indulge when possible. :)
It's In n Out, so it's awesome and we all know this. Always a line at the drive-through, but the service is fast, and I don't think I've ever had anything wrong with my order. They don't have a specific kids menu, but they do offer stickers to kids, and as far as my kid is concerned, stickers are as good as any toy.
I love In and out burger! its like the best evaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. too bad they dont have these in the midwest it would be such a hit! staff is always nice here and always makes what ya like.
I ordered a protein burger and it was great!  The team was super friendly and helpful! They showed me where to look for the "secret menu" too. There were several customers in line and in the drive thru line, but the team seemed to control the pace of the everything and managed the stressful situation well! I will go back for more food in the future.
With out a doubt I will always love In n Out Burger.  Moving back west and being able to pick up a burger and fries from my favorite fast food restaurant will never grow old.  Five Guys has nothing on this classic Southern California burger joint.  Gotta love it...
Food is excellent like ALWAYS, however this is a busy location and sometimes the waiting can be a little overbearing.
Mmmm!!! Guilty pleasure. But clean, fast and friendly! Love love love it, once a year lol.
This place has always had great service every time I eat there. Keep up the good work! I highly recommend adding grilled onions and chopped peppers to your burger...delicioso!!!
Yum. In-N-Out. Simple burgers done right! What I like most is that the buns are toasted and has no sesame seeds, the grilled onions option, and that you can get it protein style if you want a low carb option. I also like that you can ask for them to add chopped chiles if want to add some spice to your burger!
Food is great. However, a manager named Yael (Can't remember the spelling on the name tag) was SO incredibly rude to the workers. During a 5 minute period when I ordered and waited for my food, she was sarcastic and degrading to two young people working the registers. The food may be good, but if you treat your staff like crap,  you lose me as a customer! Disgusting. Shame on you, Yael!
*****FIVE STARS***** the best of the best, the crowd was big but got fast service too. the manager Yael supervises a team of over 50 youthful energetic employees and that in of its self is a strong indication of what this young women can do. she could coach a team and take them to the world series. the large food order for the 8 of us was all correct and hot when served.thank you in n out & Yael.
Best hamburger place in Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area!!!!
We LOVE In & Out Burger, and have NEVER had a problem with the service at ANY OTHER location...EVER! However, at this location, I have driven through the drive through just for a Dr. Pepper, and I have never gotten my order right yet! How hard is a Large Dr, Pepper???? I mean REALLY?!?! Both times, I drive up & am given a medium...when I politely inform the workers that I ordered a Large, I am asked, "Oh, would you like to upgrade that?" and then was asked for the $$$ difference!!! The last time I was there, I did, again politely, tell the employee that I ordered a Large Dr. Pepper, he disagreed and basically implied that I was not telling the truth, it is my mistake, and said that according to the receipt that I ordered a medium, and one again, asked if I wanted to upgrade for an extra charge. WOW, did he really think I didnt know what I ordered, like I just forgot? I really should not written this, no big deal right? I guess I am still just annoyed. That is ok, there are pleny of other In & Out  Burgers to go to! ;)
blah, 

I tried In & Out once in LA, but I was with people in a hurry and couldn't really remember my experience. So, I decided to give it another try in AZ. (I'm from the eastcoast) Honestly I have no idea what the hype's about. The burger was alright, but just too damn greasy on the buns I have no idea why my friends don't eat McDonalds but eat this stuff. I almost saw no difference. Not sure how I feel about this place. It's good, just too damn greasy in my opinion.
Now that I have come clean to the Yelp community about my occasional dabbles with chains I feel it is best to cut right to the quintessential original chain.

I myself very seldom get anything from McDonald's but I have kids that enjoy their french fries and the wraps they affectionately call "Crap Snacks"

Additionally my wife is not a coffee drinker and her preferred caffeine delivery method is diet coke.  So the fast food joints not infrequently get the business for the diet cokes.

The reason this particular McDonald's bears yelping is that it holds a singular record, one that I am at this point hoping it will maintain.  Once a record is set I sometimes loathe to see it fall.

You see, this particular McDonald's has been visited by myself or members of my immediate family not less than 12 times.  On not one of those occasions have they produced a mistake free order.  Not once.  It's really rather remarkable.  It's not like we routinely order dramatic variations such as "No ketchup" or the dreaded "Can you put Big Mac onions on that?"

Yet they have steadfastly achieved at least one mistake on each and every order, without exception.  

On the occasions when we visit this McDonald's we now wait with baited breath while someone checks the bag and confirms that yes, indeed there is something we did not order in the bag or we are missing something we did order or something we ordered is not right.  Please, in the name of all that is Mass Consumerism in America, do not get this order correct!  We have standards!  There are bigger issues at play here!
This has got to be the WORST McDonald's ever.  I have lived less than a mile from it for 4 years.  I am not big on McDonald's, but my kids are.  I have learned to drive miles out of my way to go to another McDonald's.

Inevitably, though, out of laziness or maybe hope, I keep trying this McDonald's only to have the order screwed up or something to be wrong with the food (stale french fry grease anyone?)  or both.  

Nothing like the look of disappointment on a child's face when their french frys taste of stale grease.  

I am not sure if this is a franchise store or corporate owned, but it has consistently been TERRIBLE for FOUR YEARS.

This McDonald's just needs to be NUKED from orbit.
Regular Fast food for our Mcdouble hamburger and Vanilla milk shake. One mistake today.....my vanilla turned chocolate milk shake.
It's been 2 1/2 years since I posted my original review and this McDonald's still sucks!  We have learned to drive to the McDonald's on Alma School near Ocotillo as it has much better food and service.
I've been here three times and every time there was something wrong with my order. FIRST off they put TRASH inside my ice cream... I've gotten used napkins, half my order, half filled drinks, and when I ordered a chocolate dipped ice cream cone there was something sharp sticking out... This place is totally disgusting and every time I brought my order back they acted like I was a bother and that always happens...
I asked for fresh fries and it took 10 mins to get them. The manager was leaving and had to go in and remind them to bring them. They weren't hot so I called in and they said they would send me a gift card, I've yet to receive it.
this is a great little greggs to go to in the st james centre.It has a great selection of food like bakery and other sorts of food like crisps,wraps and others.Its a good quality of food as it tastes beatiful.
Okay I will admit a Greggs sausage roll is up there with Irn Bru and McDonald's as a brilliant hangover cure.

But that's it.

Greggs is where 17 year old mums take their many children to feed them with sausage rolls and Coca Cola. Here's a thought: fruit! Vegetables! Try feeding them to your child instead of Greggs processed fatty food. 

Rant over.
I'm trying to save up some cash so it's beginning to be with worrying regularity that I find myself in here. As much as I loathe Greggs, there is something about their fatty, greasy, lukewarm filth that makes me keep coming back, and back, and back. It's these life-shortening savouries, rather than the mediocre sarnies I used to prefer, that ensure my begrudged but repeated custom.

That, and the maple pecan slice, a real diamond in the rough.
Oh Greggs. I owe you one.

I've lost count of the amount of times this place has sorted me out. It's hangover food essentially, but damn good hangover food!! They have brilliant sandwiches that are all made fresh daily, and their cakes are yummy. Their sausage rolls are what save my life.

To be honest, this isn't one of my preferred branches.It's in the St James' centre, so everyone watches you. I don't like the St james' centre and as much as I love Greggs, I avoid this one!
I've been quite a harsh critic of Greggs in my previous reviews of some of their Glasgow branches. For the most part, I stick by my opinions that the staff are generally hostile, the food revolting, and that the continued success of the company will result in shorter lives for us all.

In a dramatic twist of fate though, this particular branch has provided me with a few pleasant surprises. I once managed to get a morning roll with proper crispy bacon, and their new cake, the maple pecan slice is approximately one hundred times tastier than anything else I've ever eaten from here.

Perhaps most shockingly of all, the staff were actually quite friendly and cheerful, despite their obvious feelings of misery. Good work Greggs.
I have always been a huge fan of Gregg's Mexican chicken oval bite, I did go off Greggs all together a while ago but my cravings for the oval bites are back with a vengence and I've been getting them for lunch every other day the past couple of weeks. At 1.90 they're very reasonable and surprisingly filling even though they're not that much too look at. 

This branch is well stocked and has a good selection of cakes too, I got a super tasty Empire Biscuit the other week and the icing was super moist, yum!

Typical Greggs I guess but this one has a good selection and the staff are friendly too.
Greggs is one of the big bakery chains in Edinburgh. 

Things going for this particular store:
-central
-cheap food (with good meal deals)
-fast service

This not so good:
- bad location in front of a busy bus stop
- It's quite small for the flow of business it receives and ques at lunch time (all the way outside!)
- rude service (although quite understandable with the variety of often rude clientele)
- There are other more interesting sandwich places quite close by. 

These basically some up my points. It's ideal if you are hungry and need a snack immediately then head here for something warm and satisfying. The cupcakes are fairly decent as well.
Woahhhh the cheapness of Greggs sends me in to a frenzy!

In the beginning of my stay in Edinburgh, I expected the quality to be sub-par, because how else can one explain a sausage role for 0.58! It's crazy that one can buy a sizeable snack at Greggs even if all you have in your pocket is a little jingle jingle..

Apart from the sausage rolls, which are pretty awesome, I'm a big fan of the cheese and onion pasty, as well as the ham and cheese bake. I can't count the number of times I've snuck a Gregg's pastry into the school library. Then there's the sweet counter, with lots of cupcakes and muffins! 

Greggs is about 70 years old, and is a chain bakery, with several outlets in Edinburgh. The only issue I have is that as busy as they are, the shops are quite small with lines sometimes extending to the door! However, service is extremely quick, albeit impersonal. 

For what they sell, and at the price they do, I'm definitely a grateful fan.
Oh Greggs. I owe you one.

I've lost count of the amount of times this place has sorted me out. It's hangover food essentially, but damn good hangover food!! They have brilliant sandwiches that are all made fresh daily, and their cakes are yummy. Their sausage rolls are what save my life.

This place is almost always full of students, looking for their fix. It's always busy, and the staff are lovely. You can't really go wrong with Greggs.
The name of this place sounds a little cheesy, cheap and naff, but this does not give an accurate reflection of the quality of the food and service inside.  The staff inside are friendly, efficient and seem to be constantly smiling.  The menu is what you would expect in most Chinese takeaways with plenty to choose from in the way of soups, curries, szechuan and sweet and sour dishes.  I went for the chicken Kung Po which didn't take long at all to be prepared and had an interesting combination of mushrooms, chillies and even peanuts.  It was delicious and I would have it again any day of the week.  This, along with a portion of special fried rice and a can of Irn-Bru, came to about 7 which was certainly reasonable considering the quality of the food.  
If you're on Leith Walk, or even fancy a delivery, then Capital Chinese Take Away is well worth a shot.
Dont let the average sounding and seemingly generic menu put you off for this place, even though you will have had a million szechuan chickens from a million chinese take aways, this place is different - it seems every dish has a unique twist that nearly always makes the dish taste amazing.

Staff are friendly and more importantly they are quick - if you order here, you wont be waiting more than a few minutes until you get your meal. The take away service is equally efficient, which is nice. 

A great place for traditional chinese food with a twist.
Best Chinese in leith by a country mile. If love a chicken curry then this is a must.
I have been going here nearly once a week since I moved here and would say it's the best take out option around this area. The girl who works the counter is always so lovely and the order is always ready when they say it's going to be. I think once I had to wait, but she was so apologetic and it's not a stretch to wait a few extra minutes. The food is the westernised version I think most of us know, but it is delicious and they gave amazingly generous portions of meat and seafood. We always get the sweet and sour shrimp Hong Kong style and the Szechuan noodles and they never disappoint!! A great go to when we don't feel like cooking. It also isn't expensive, and with the portions, so worth it!!! Lovely staff and lovely consistent food. Definitely a must if you live in the area.
gutted this place went out of business!! they were the best chinese on leith walk!
Must remember in future: dine before a climb - at least an energy bar, otherwise you end up leaving, starving and ready to eat anything (well, OK, almost, and perhaps not seagull). Fortunately our first stop was Ocean Spice, and it didn't disappoint. We were greeted by the most chirpiest of characters at the order area, who kept us entertained while our meal was prepared, even helfuly suggesting a way to reheat the food without drying it out (knowing we had a long trip home). 

The food - it was good, not particularly greasy, and was pretty tasty overall - generous portions, too. The naan were a little dry - but we did have a 20min drive home, so not sure if that was down to the trip, or the naan itself, so will leave that one up for discussion. 

Either way, it you live in the area, Ocean Spice will keep you and your empty tummies happy on any a night.
A year or two ago i was gutted when the Indian Takeaway (Paradise Cafe) across the road from us closed down. Not long after a new one opened, Ocean Spice, so we tried his one and love it. The food is delicious. If you like your curry more or less spicy just tell them and they'll adapt it for you. 

We've had a range of curries and they are always delicious. You should also 'like' their facebook page as they have just had a 20% off pomo on there.

The guy behind the desk is lovely, always very chatty and friendly.  I would recommend this takeaway in a heart beat. In particular you must try their haggis pakora... might sound a bit weird but i'm addicted :)
My OH is allergic to nuts, so we keep slim (not really - we can still have Pizza!) by not being able to order takeaways from Indian, Thai or Chinese establishments - just to be safe. However, recently I've been shown that I quite like certain curry and am addicted to Peshwari Naan - and not the kind sold in super markets.

We live in Newhaven and decided to give Ocean Spice a go - phoning in our order and explaining our situation.

They were over the top helpful with the nut situation - including calling back and asking a few extra questions, just to make sure. If you have anyone with an allergy in your household, you know this is very important - and we were very thankful.

I had the Saag Panir and Peshwari Naan and my OH had a chicken dish. Both were enjoyable and we would definitely order from them again.
I have the number for this take away programmed into all our family phones. I've used this takeaway for at least 30 years. It's a family run business that has been in the same family's hands since the 1970's. They have one of the most extensive menus of any Chinese take away that I've used. Their Cantonese duck is fab and their garlic chicken is just yummy. I always get free juice and at Christmas a calendar or biscuits. They do deliver but I prefer to go in and collect my dinner and have a wee chat with one of the Lee family.
What's with all these businesses proclaiming "Best" in their titles, you're just setting yourself up to be Yelped.

My experience with Best Kebab couldn't have been more routine, except when I placed my order. The guy at the counter rung up the order and...pulled my chips from under the counter...all ready...like he made it 5 minutes before I even arrived.

Now, if they can time travel and freshly cook my order before i've even entered the shop, then they can have the title Best Kebab.

But in reality, I can only imagine how long it had been sitting there and walked out the shop as fast as I could.
This is certainly not the 'best' kebab house I've been to, nor will it probably be the best that anyone's been to.  There's nothing really wrong with the service, it's friendly enough and they serve the food pretty quickly.  The problem is the food.  The kebabs in most takeaways look quite greasy and fatty, but these are in a whole other coronary leage altogether.  The donner meat which I tasted was salty and fatty, the salad wasn't too fresh and the chips weren't great either.  It was quite cheap, costing only about 3, but even this was steep considering the poor quality.  
Maybe I came at a bad time for them, but when there are so many decent takeaways in the area it's unlikely that I'll be back.
When the guy who named this place the 'best' kebab house has a child I'm betting he will call it something like Dr. Cure-Cancer. He will then go on to be suprised when the child fails his first exam and drops out to become a kebab shop owner instead.

Thats the sort of dissapointment you will feel when entering this kebab shop. The food is poor, the service is poor and overall the price is poor.

Not a great place, certainly not the 'Best'.
No, it's not the best kebab house ever, but by no means the worst. On a kebab scale of pissed to Michelin, they are easily a 3, and gain a pont for great service, especially late night.

And those potatoes? Oh they are good.
Established in 1974, Goodwill is a Chinese take away located on Edinburghs Newington road.

The food at Goodwill is always a safe bet - the menu isnt revolutionary (an indication of the business's age) but there is a large choice, and  the food is stuff you will recognise - although stay away from the 'British Dishes' section of the menu. Scary. 

The food itself isnt the best I have ever tasted, but for the price, nor is it the worst and I would come back here again - if only for the friendly service and free prawn crackers.

There is a delivery service available, which is free over 25 - but this seems pointless as other takeaways in the area deliver for free. Shame really.

Goodwill is a take away showing its age, but for the price of its food it is a good little place for a spur of the moment carry out.
Goodwill Chinese Carryout is a great place to order a decent Chinese meal from in Edinburgh. They are open seven days a week which is pretty ideal and stay open till midnight most nights so it is great place to pop into on your way home from a night out if you fancy a tasty meal. 

They have a wide range of authentic Chinese dishes and the meals are very well priced, with main meals about 8. The food isn't the best Chinese food I have ever tasted but it does the job. The portion sizes are fairly decent and I tend to order safe and have the chili beef which is quite spicy but very tasty. Goodwill Chinese Carryout also offer a set menu which I chose once and was not disappointed.  A delivery service is available which I have used a couple of times as I live quite a walk away and if your order is over 25 they will deliver it free which is great if there is a group of people ordering together.  It is shame that is at the end of Newington Road as it is quite far away from the Uni but it is worth the walk to get there.
Back when I lived in Pollock Halls in my first year at uni, Goodwill was the Chinese takeaway of choice.  It was recommended by a good friend of mine, and I was happy to partake in any food bought from here.

Contrary to what my photo may suggest, they provide meals, and not 'eals' as they sign currently says.  They provide the normal range of Chinese dishes, and also a home delivery service.

Whilst they might not be amazing in the culinary stakes, they are a convenient service that will hoover up a lot of student trade from the Newington area.  I don't normally go for Chinese as a takeaway preference, but Goodwill are a safe bet for some wholesome takeaway goodness.
I used to come to Goodwill Chinese Carryout pretty frequently when I lived in Pollock Halls in my first year as it was close by and always did the business with a well priced and tasty meal.  The guy who always served us was friendly and inviting, and the food never took long to arrive.
The menu has a good range of - mostly - authentic Chinese dishes, the majority of which you will have seen before.  However, they've usually got a specials option which changes weekly and offers an interesting take on classic dishes.  I'd usually go for the crispy shredded beef with fried rice and a bag of prawn crackers which would come to about 7.50 and tasted great.  
Goodwill is a good quality, value for money takeaway which is well worth a look.
This could and should have been the world's most convenient chinese takeaway for me during my first year of uni. But unfortunately it was about as far from that description as you can get.

I don't want to be accused of making any slanderous allegations, but to put a long story short I've got ill both times I've eaten here, as have my friends. The first time, I will admit we'd had more than was healthy to drink, and so we put our illness the next day down to that, giving the Chinese takeaway the benefit of the doubt. After all, it was the Chinese takeaway that had given us hot food at 00:30 after we'd left the pub.

The second time thought, we were a lot more dubious. The food was tasty, I will admit, but it's up to you if you're willing to risk spending the next two days in bed.
The phrase 'never judge a book by its cover' has never applied more than with Hung Lam Chinese takeaway.

Despite its appearance as a small (and I mean tiny) local take away, the flavours that come out of this place are huge. The sweet and sour pork is an unbelievable tasting dish, and there is plenty of it for a very reasonable price. 

Hung Lam also has the obligatory delivery service - which half of the time is excellent and the other half is painfully slow with the food often arriving just about to go cold. However, microwaves have been invented - and the quality of the food never goes below great.

Hung Lam is one of those great little takeaways that produce excellent food, and one that you will return to time and time again.
Although the Hung Lam Chinese takeaway doesn't look much from the outside, it is definitely worth a visit as the Chinese food they serve is divine.  It is a cheap and cheerful Chinese takeaway and their menu offers a huge range of authentic Chinese dishes which are full of flavour.  

I have been to Hung Lam many times for my dinner as they are reliable and the food is always consistently good.  I have tried several of their dishes and my absolute favourites are the beef and mushroom and beef sequin.  Their menu points out the spicy dishes so you won't get caught out and have your head blown off eating a chilli.  A set menu is available at Hung Lam and they also do home deliveries which is usually pretty prompt.  The portion sizes are good and the food is extremely reasonably priced.
Hung Lam sounds like something they might put into their dishes here. This is a little local Chinese takeaway, one of many in the area. It's not as well known as some of the others, but its actually alright.

I wouldn't sing Hung Lam's praises as much as the other reviewers. It's not a bad place and I would say its a bit above average, but at the end of the day it still felt like a regular old Chinese takeaway. I think I was perhaps a little put off by there not so great selection of vegetarian options.

Hung Lam does do some attractive meal deals, with a 2 person deal costing 18.60, a three person 26 and a four person 35.
This skanky looking little Chinese takeaway is a surprising treat. One of the best in Newington, it is often overlooked for the flashier but by no means better Dragon Way just a few doors down. Only a takeaway,Hung Lam is really nice Chinese food which isn't too pretentious but is tasty nonetheless. It is definitely not a place for delicate spicing and flavouring, but what they do they do well. The noodles are particularly good, and unlike other Chinese places they are quite generous with the amount of king prawns in the dishes.

The main guy there seems a bit intimidating and angry at first, but after a few visits he gets to know you and throws in free prawn crackers. The prices are very reasonable as well compared to other places. The food is really greasy, but perfect for a hangover, or if you just fancy being a bit of a slob.
Currently closed for refurbishment, this KFC holds a special place in my heart.

When my boyfriend and I first started dating, we would go out and get very drunk and spend the next day hungover in bed. Around 8 o'clock we would drag ourselves out of bed and go here for a bucket. We would take said bucket home and set up an ironing board as a table and eat off the ironing board while watching a movie. This bucket was meant for 4 people, yet we always managed to polish it off.

Isn't that romantic?

Did you know that there are three types of gravy at KFC? It depends what the manager chooses to sell. The first is runny, the second is medium and the third thick. This KFC does the best gravy in Edinburgh and I think goes with the third option. Mmm the third option. KFC isn't complete without it's heavenly gravy, in fact the gravy is what makes the food that tiny bit more bearable because it is actually kind of gross.

One time I saw a pregnant girl smoking here. That sums up the clientele, but you already knew that.
When I guzzled down a variety meal in here wearing a shirt and tie, the looks I got suggested that KFC is not a venue usually accustomed to formally dressed, business focused clientele. Indeed, while McDonalds does to some extent, have a tinge of universal eppeal, KFC seems happy being the lowest of the low.

There's something tremendous about ravenously devouring the remains of these poor, water-injected souls,  but the fact that afterwards you'll inevitably feel sick at the thought of a KFC for a good few weeks afterwards sums up the darker side of the food. It's greasy, terrible for you, and if the batter is even the slightest bit soggy, utterly disgusting.

A bit of a batter based lottery then, and the chips are foul, but on a good day, a carnivorous delight.
This KFC has recently been refurbished and as such is nice, new and shiny.  I don't eat KFC's too often but now and again I get the overwhelming urge to devour a family sized bucket, to myself. There's nothing more satisfying than a meal from KFC with the chicken wings, chunky chips and a side order of beans too.

If I'm not feeling particularly peckish I'll just go for one of their 1.99 boxes or some popcorn chicken which is amazing. In fact, I could go for some just now.
KFC always offers a tasty meal with quick service no materr what time you fancy it.  The prolem, however, is that it's a complete rip off.  For example, their Zinger meals cost about 6 and all you got was a tiny burger, some greasy chicken things, some chips and a small drink.  You could argue that ypour paying for quaity, but this is definitely not the case.  I invariably feel like gash after one of their meals.  Further, my hands seem to feel greasy for hours after handling their chicken. 
Nonetheless, it's still tasty food and their popcorn chicken is undeniably amazing.  Their Bargain Buckets aren't necessarily a bargain, but they're definitely tasty and filling.  
In comparison to other fast food restaurants, KFC might have the best chicken on offer but it comes at a price.
This KFC has gone up in my estimations after the refurbishment that it has currently undergone, but this still doesn't change the fact that the food here is pretty disgusting.
Before the refurbishment, it looked really run-down and looked like an establishment that would only be frequented by roughians, but now it does at least look half respectable.
I've been there a few times for lunch when my friends have insisted that they wanted to go there and the meals are alright but you don't really get good value for money. I usually go for the chicken popcorn and chips and the chicken popcorn always tastes so salty. In terms of price, the meals are about the same cost as Burger King, but not as good.
The franchise have done well to refurbish this KFC on Nicholson Street, making it look more reputable. But it doesn't take away from the fact that it's still a takeaway franchise, and one in an area that has its rougher parts.

It's a small size and does everything it says on the tin. Anytime I've been in or walked by it the queues have been moderate but dealt with quickly, so credit to the good staff.

Unfortunately, the people who populate this area at night have also tainted my opinion on this KFC. It's nothing to do with the restaurant - if it has the Zinger meal I'm there and front of the line - but I am put off eating in here by the morons who vandalise it. I feel terrible saying that because it's not the restaurant's fault in the slightest, but the massive window that has been smashed and panned in has been that way for at least a week, and it makes me wonder at what intimidating customers hang out around here. The clientele have thoughtlessly cheapened the restaurant for me, and even though I will stress once again that it's nothing to do with KFC, it would still cause me to avoid eating in here. Yes, crime happens everywhere and I'm not a snob in any way, I just don't fancy my chances against intimidating groups of people who have nothing better to do than abuse others.

Good for a takeout and kept as clean as they can, but sadly they are going to have to get bouncers on the door to get rid of the drongo's. Damaging someone's property is not big nor is it clever, but as much as I would try and see beyond the window it's very obvious that it's a sign of social deprivation, and not modern art.
This is a kebab shop located on a street full of similar shops, and although you can tell by looking at the kebab meat spinning (even during closed hours) this will not be one of those greasy yet satisfying meals.
However, my desire for greasy got the better of me and I ate here once. The meat was really dry but fatty at the same time (never knew that was possible!) It confuses me how there are always people in here eating. Maybe I don't know the house special?
There are so many kebab shops in this area of Edinburgh, it really suprises me that this place is always doing business. 

The food is greasy, takes forever to get, expensive for what it is and lacks so much flavour that even the chilli sauce on the kebabs doesnt really do much for the taste buds. 

Why two stars and not one then? Well, it would have to be for the fact that this place has a sitting area - and after a heavy night of drinking, when bed isnt the best idea yet, its nice to sit somehwere to eat your nasty kebab.

With so many other places like this on Nicholson Street, I would avoid this place unless I absolutly had to.
In Kebab Mahal, Edinburgh has what I'd say is hands on the best kebab joint I've ever found outside of Turkey or Germany. The Marmaris can't compete on any level with that fantastic eaterie, but it delivers all you's expect.

Rancid, undercooked meat, kilos of saturated fat, limp brown salad and watered down chilli sauce. Most importantly though, you'll spend a good few hours the next morning on the shitter, spraying out foul-smelling rusty water as your sphincter muscle collapses in on itself.

Lovely.
I've never eaten a kebab in my life (that I can remember!) so I couldn't comment on Marmaris' kebab-making abilities. I do however, have a fair amount of knowledge and expertise when it comes to their pizzas...

yes, they're greasy, full of salt, over-priced and you usually eat them out of a cardboard box. But by definition if I'm getting one then it means I'm not sober enough to be bothered by any of those things, and as far as drunken thumbs-ups go Marmaris definitely gets one.

However, I wasn't lying when I said it was over-priced. Especially when there's th beautiful and amazing Palmyra literally 30 seconds' walk along the street. It's just that Marmaris is closer to my flat, and so on those occasions when getting dropped off somewhere by the taxi which is a) still open for hot food at 2am and b) walking-in-heels distance from home, this place usually trumps it.
Unlike the previous reviewers, I've never had the pleasure of eating in Marmaris whilst drunk as it never seems to be open at that time.  I have, however, eaten in it with my mates late one night whilst sober and, as the three-star caption suggests, it was A-OK.  
The place specialises in kebabs and always has multiple, fat-soaked doner and chicken kebabs spinning round behind the counter.  I had a doner with salad and chili sauce which cost about 4.  This was actually pretty pricey considering how bad and dry it tasted and how long it took to arrive.  My mate ordered a pepperoni pizza and spent a few mintues mopping up all the grease on top of it with napkins before he tucked in.  
The service is nice enough and there's plenty of seating which is good because, trust me, you'll have to wait.  Marmaris isn't top of my list for kebab houses, especially when there is far superior competition in the area.
If you are a lover of anything greasy, I would recommend Marmaris, which is one of those comfort take out restaurants on Clerk Street.

I will give them the benefit of the doubt and hope not all their dishes are accompanied with a lot of oil, as I've only had a pizzas from there. It's important to add it's usually after a night out, when a lot of things will taste good, and I haven't had much to complain about.

The menu is quite cheap, but apart from a friendly chat with the nice staff, this place is just alright.
Have not had the pleasure of their pizza (reading some of the other reviews, do I want to?!) but have at least pushed the envelope 3 times on their lamb shish kebabs and they were pretty damn good...and the last 2 times I was sober!
mmmmm chips with melted cheese!!!  so simple yet so good!!  I might be biased though because this was a post-drinking midnight snack...
This kebab house is one of my favourites actually. The kebabs are consistently good, the staff are friendly and efficient. I recommend the Specials if you are in a group, a giant garlic bread smothered with mixed meat and griddled vegetables. Tasty!
I was taken here today for a early dinner by a good friend of mine. Bless his heart he loves this place and I didnt have the heart to tell him its not on my to-eat-again list, even if I was smashed walking down the road at 1am like a zombie craving a greasy gut bomb kebab. We went in and the staff was friendly enough. Also the place was clean which was suprising enough as when one ( at least I do) thinks of a college area kebab place you think of rats running around and filth as well as guaranteed stomach flu. But this place was very clean so I was really happy and didnt feel that I would get a new case of bird flu or something. The turkish pizza was really good though I will give them that. It was nice thin crust with seasonings and whatever other mystery meat was on it , but seriously it was tasty and would have made the perfect lunch. Then we had a donor meat kebab like thing I had no idea what it was called and it was like eating microwave meatballs in a crappy tomato sauce. I had to drown it in yoghurt sauce to make it yummy. But I was starving so I ate it all anyways. We also had a side of chips and cheese which is pretty self explanatory and hard to mess up. This place is also seriously overpriced . So to conclude this review I am happy to say I am not dead yet from food poisoning, I am a little lighter in my wallet but I do recommend the yummy turkish pizza.
I wasn't expecting too much from Saiyems when I first went there- the bright yellow exterior shouted - tacky- to me, but my friend who lives locally to the area insisted that their curries are great, and he was right. We ordered on a Wednesday night just before a Champions League game and so it was quite busy with other people having the same idea of watching the match over a curry. We waited inside the restaurant and it is a lot more quaint and respectable than the exterior, although that isn't hard. 
I ordered a chicken bhuna with 2 papadums and a garlic naan bread, the prices here are pretty decent and for the quality and portions of food, it offers good value. The naan bread was one of the freshest I have had and not at all greasy, whilst the chicken bhuna was flavoursome and the chicken very fresh and tender.
I have been to plenty of indian restaurants in my life, and taken away from many more. Sonar Gao is top 3 for sure. 

An unassuming little shop run by a tiny balding bangladeshi man Sonar Gao doesn't look impressive in the slightest but god damn the food is good. it arrives when you want it, and loads of the dishes come with a side for free, like the katmandhu which comes with a free plain naan.

The menu is pretty extensive, offering all the usual fare like khorma's and such, but also offers curry dishes that are a little off the beaten path. The Chicken Zheera is a favourite of mine with a Peshwari naan is back of the net food for me. Sonar Gao's Lime Pickle is also a surprise treat. Not as thick and unmaleable as Pattak's it's easy to mix with other sauces, or drizzle on a puppadom, but still has a hell of a sour kick with a warmth of chilli.

If you're in the delivery Radius, next time you want a take away curry try this place out.
Only, if you've broken your leg in Haymarket and the only way you can fix it is with Spring Rolls, visit Chinese cuisine. The food is awful, greasy brown mess and I waited like 20 minutes for it.

Avoid.
Located in the heart of Haymarket, Eastern Cuisine is ideal for satisfying your late night cravings to great Chinese food.  The staff are friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming with celan, fresh decor.  
The menu has everthing which you would expect from your average Chinese with plenty of meat dishes and whole range of sauces.  However, there are quite limited options for vegetarians as there are very few dishes with only vegetables.
I went for the beef Kung Po with boiled rice and a bag of prawn crackers.  It cost only about 7 and the sauce was delicious when it arrived.  The beef was a little tough and sinewy which took a little away from it.  
Nonetheless, it's a pretty good takeaway with reasonable prices.
Gili Gulu is one of my favourite Chinese Takeaway shops in Edinburgh. It is situated in an ideal location in the heart of the Newington area so it is a great place for students to pop into for their lunch or dinner on their way to and from University. 

They menu offers a huge selection of authentic Chinese dishes which helpfully points out which dishes are spicy, vegetarian and which contain nuts. I love their crispy shredded beef in Peking sauce which is amazing - full of flavour and very well priced at 5.   As well as Chinese food, Gili Gulu also serve a few traditional dishes as well such as fish and chips, steak and omelet so there is something to suit everyone on the their menu.

Gili Gulu Chinese offer excellent student deals and snap fax offers, and they also offer a home delivery service which costs 1.60. Gili Gulu are open for two hours during lunch time, and stays open till midnight on Friday and Saturday nights so it a fantastic place to stop by on your way home from a night out.
Can one seriously review a place if you only have the same dish everytime? Friends and I have ordered from this chinese take out on several occasions, and I've always had their amazing singapore noodle dish. It's a general favourite of mine, and if they do it so well, why not keep going with it?

Gili Gulu is one of the MANY take out restaurants on Clerk Street! I decided to try them out, because with a handy Snapfax (for student discounts) you get quite a good deal with them. Delivery time has never been outrageous and the food always arrives with a huge complimentary bag of prawn crackers.

Some friends and I decided to eat out there one evening; we were quite amused at how small the place is! There is probably just a table and a couple of chairs, perhaps to keep up appearances, but it's strictly a take away restaurant.
What actually makes a good Chinese takeaway? Because isn't all Chinese takeaway food the same? It's always too sweet, full of MSG and congealed. So it doesn't really matter which Chinese takeaway you go to, you can expect the same thing.

Gili Gulu, unfortunately, isn't much different. I mean, it's a little better, in that the sauces aren't as thick. But everything is so sweet. I'm giving them 3* because it's one of the better Chinese takeaways I've ever had, but that isn't saying much. I had shredded chilli beef, which was OK. The beef was soggy, not crispy, but the sauce was suitably hot and the rice was nice and fluffy. 

Delivery was pretty prompt, and we did get a free bag of prawn crackers (and I do love prawn crackers), but I should really stop getting Chinese takeaways. You're better off making it yourself, or going out to a restaurant.
Another average Chinese takeaway. Nothing to say really, the food is ok, a bit greasy but not terrible. The service is alright and the prices are average.

There is a Snapfax discount though, that's about the only discerning thing.
This is a suprsingly good kebab shop on Dalkeith Road which offers tasty food at good prices.  I say suprsisingly good because it looks like a printing office or something from the outside and even sounds like it.  Inside, however, the service is friendly and there are some great smells coming from the good quality meat they have turning on the skewars.  I went for a chicken kebab which was piled high with juicy (and only slightly greasy) meat and plenty of salad.  This, along with a can of coke, came to about 4 which was a reasonable price for a filling meal.
They also serve a doner with fries and a drink for a fiver which is a pretty good deal.  Bodrum Express serves great, value for money food which is ideal for a quick dinner.
I must have walked past here numerous times in the last few years but last Saturday the need for a kebab overcame me so I ventured in.


 Service was good and quick and I got a large doner with free chips for 5. The kebab and trimmings were all good quality and there was enough food to leave half for breakfast the next day so no complaints there.
This was my first time in a Scottish Chippy, and this was great.  Taking a glance at their menu - they had a huge menu with a variety of cuisines - haggis, fish, pizza, spring rolls, kebabs... and if you are looking for something deep fried it is likely that they have it.  Service was friendly and fast, prices were very reasonable.
Kimmy's is a good wee greasy spoon takeaway, selling everything from breakfast rolls to quick fix lunches.

It's fairly small, but that's ideal if you're just passing through. You can't fail to spot the colourful special offer stars spotted all over the window, and its homely, cosy exterior gives you an idea of what you're going to get - friendly, efficient service and something to heat you up.

It's no frills comfort food at its best and refreshingly free of shockingly pretentious prices. Uptown they place a 2 tax on a bacon roll based on the surroundings. It's nice to visit somewhere that offers seriously affordable and perfectly decent food. Perfect for some stodgy warmth on a cold, dull day.
I could live in a place like this, constantly having my teacup filled up and bacon rolls tossed into my gob.

And I could afford to do that. I'm not rich, but this place isn't expensive. It's actually criminally cheap. You feel like you have to tip a fiver to even things out.

Staff didn't even shoot me any evil looks as I nursed my cup of tea for a half hour before ordering food. Exactly what I want!!
Kimmy's is a great local cafe which offers cheap, delicious food along with friendly service.  I came here with some friends about a month ago after a flat party in the area.  We were all hanging pretty badly and needed some serious food to waken us up and make us right.  Thankfully we came across this place which provides tasty breakfast rolls for only 2.  I went for the bacon and egg which wasn't actually on the menu, yet they still charged the same price for it.  
They took virtually no time to serve us and we all left satisfied, well fed and markedly better than we had ten minutes before.  The service is quick, pleasant and served about ten people while we were in, testament to how popular this place is.
Kimmy's Takeaway is the definition of a greasy spoon cafe and it serves it's purpose rather well. They have a great selection of beverages, snacks and cakes and if you're looking for something on the go then this isn't a bad shout.

The prices are very reasonable indeed. Teas and coffees are as little as 60p, baked potatoes start from 2.00, a roll and bacon is 1.60 and soup is a mere 1.

In addition to this they also cater for the kids too with a slush puppy machine, crisps and a lot of yummy looking chocolate cakes.
Just had dinner from here (delivery) and I couldn't be less impressed if I tried... 

Decided to try it out as it had decent reviews on just-eat, tho upon closer inspection a lot of the 6 star reviews seemed to be duplicates and one girl named "Fiona" couldn't be more stoked about the place... think if she is real, she needs her tastebuds checked...

The "shredded beef" is less beef and more dried, deep fried.. something... blurgh..
The "lemon chicken" was BRIGHT ORANGE.. ummm... yea.... I've not come across an orange lemon before, have you?? And for the fact that it looked like it was cooked in fanta, tasted like nothing at all... 
The "shrimp with cashews" were frozen shrimps and also didn't have much flavour...

The ribs, for the amount of sauce they were drowning in, had absolutely no taste either...

The mini shrimp in the fried rice were again of the frozen variety and were fairly unpleasant.. 

Should really have stuck with tried and true than tried somewhere new on this occasion.

Avoid!!
I really love this shop. They have great prices, large portions and it's always made fast. What is even better is that they are open until 11pm which means yummy late purchases when you get those cravings. Their sweet and sour pork is very good. Only downside- CASH ONLY :( But an ATM is just across the street so it works out fine.
First of all, the yellow page's are really mad that you snaked their colour scheme. But the paintjob seems to work, you can't not look at this monstrosity.

The food is alright. I got a baked potato but there was nothing baked about it. If i'm paying 4 for something, I don't want it microwaved. But my friend got what I'm told was the best bacon roll he ever had. So i'll give them the benefit of the doubt.

Worth it if you can enter without having a stroke.
Wendy's is a bit of alright if you're looking for a bacon roll rustled up quick sharp in the morning.

They serve a number of different foods, from fast food offerings and fry up's to healthier options such as baked potatoes. While I can't comment on the latter, I have certainly stopped by here a few times over the years for a hangover cure roll, and they've always been awesome. I had a friend who used to stay in this end of town and not only was her flat easier to budget than if she'd moved up to Bruntsfield, but the cafe's were conveniently cheaper all around! There is no room for complaint when you're experiencing a gorgeous filled roll for a tiny price.

Wendy's is no exception - even the more modern, continental baguettes weren't breaking the bank - but I prefer this kind of place for a good old fashioned fry up. They've been servicing the community for over 40 years and arguably The Great British Fry is their best area. Their pies are pretty sweet, too - especially on a match day if you're heading off to the local stadium!
mmmm not been for a wee while, but definitely feel a visit coming on over christmas (really missing fish and chips scottish chippie style as a treat!) Totally amazing, great quality ingredients and even healthy options of cauliflower (ok battered but hey!) got a wine and beer license which is sweet, but its just always sooo busy and a little out of the way for us. especially without a car as food will be too cold to eat at home if there are no tables.

Really feeling the need to visit soon!
A very good pizza place in the area of Bruntsfield. My friend came here to get our girlie night-in pizza and it was quite good- not your average cardboard with cheese stuff. It's usually busy but the service is usually quite fast. 

When writing this review what impressed me was their quite fancy website. Never knew chippies really got into the whole Internet stuff but hey if it means more clients fair dos.

As far as pizza places go, I would come here again.
I ate in here on Friday night at about 9pm when I'd been sipping in wine since 4:30.  My point is, my review might be sliiiiiiiiightly skewed by my starvation and intoxication, but not much.  

When I walked in I noticed how clean, friendly, and well decorated this place is.  I know that's not exactly a must in a chippy, but a nice addition anyway.  My man wanted pizza while I was jonesing for a fish supper.  I was sent next door to get the pizza and the sweet wee woman behind the counter didn't want any of the food to go cold so she advised me to order my supper after the pizza was ready because it might take a while.  I was too hungry and just ordered and ate my supper right there, as my man waited for his pizza.  Cruel, I know.

It was divine.  I can't normally finish a fish supper because it eventually gets a bit soggy and a bit gross.  Not this one.  I took it DOWN (not at all alcohol related...).  The batter was wonderfully crispy (I'll admit I actually resorted to munching on plain batter), and the fish was perfectly moist.  I asked for extra salt and vinegar and it was doused to my heart's content.  

I'll admit, I don't really recall much about the chips, because I was so busy devouring the fish, but I'm sure they must have been quite nice!

To be honest, though, the reason why this place really stands out for me is that they've joined the "Fish Fight" - you know, where all of those celebrity chefs are trying to get people, chippies, fishmongers and supermarkets to start branching out and trying different types of fish, and reduce the strain on overfished breeds like Haddock?  So, they have the choice of mackerel here as well.  They advertise it in a bap, but I'm assuming you can go for it as your supper if you so please.

My man and I decided that we would go mackerel next time, when we're a wee bit more with it.
This chippy has been in existence for as long as I can remember, and with good reason... when it's time for a deep-fried-dinner in Edinburgh this is where I'd go.
When I first started working on Dundas Street a few years ago, this became my local! 

I'm not saying i'm in there all the time but I do enjoy a fish supper or even just a poke o' chips now and again! :) It does make the walk home just so much brighter!

This is a lovely, clean, establishment and the staff are so friendly and helpful. I know this place has won lots of awards and most people I know rave about it, so it's definitely built up a rapport!

The haddock and chips and white puddings are divine and I love the fact they have a great selection of Italian wines and beers to peruse while you wait. The sister cafe/take away 'Anima' next door, is also a lovely lunchtime venue (though much slower service than L'Alba.

A must- try if you're down this way in Edinburgh!
Not visited here for a while and it didn't disappoint. Year on year, its reputation is earned by perfectly cooked food and excellent service. Large succulent portions of fish in the crispiest batter, and a generous helping of proper chips.
This place is a bit of a legend in the Edinburgh fish and chips scene (is there even a scene?). It is basically a wee chip shop with a couple of stools you can perch on to eat your dinner. Works well indeed. There is also a load of old press clippings to keep you entertained as you order your grub.

I went for the classic battered sausage supper. Served with a smile and banter, and consumed pretty quickly as it was a good battered sausage supper. Big portion size - couldn't finish it. 

Recommended as far as fish and chip shops go.
Excellent fish & chips. Best if you order your fish & chips cooked to order, wherever you go, and not take ones on the side already cooked. They offer a myriad of other fried foods, as well. You can also buy wine, beer, fizzy drinks, water, etc. and ice cream to take away with you. Or you can stay and eat in the small sitting bar area to the side. A very, very popular place. A top favorite.
Why do baked potatoes smell so good especially when the weather is grey and cold? 
 The potatoes are here are good, with crispy skin. However, there isn't a great selection of fillings ( we have been spoiled by too much selection in chains!) However, the people who work here are friendly.
I defy you not to walk past Potatoland, at any time of day, smell the smell of delicious baking potatoes and not feel instantly hungry.

I do feel sorry for Potatoland though, I have only ever come in here out of convinience - prefering to go to other baked potato based places to eat if the option is available. I think the preblem is that the place just lacks a few little things that could make it so much better. It has few fillings/topping for it potatoes, and the ones that they d have are pretty basic - cheese, beans etc. Its also very 70's when it comes to its decoration - frankly making mke want to take my meal somewhere else for fear of growing a mullet and buying flared trousers.

Regardless of this, the potatoes are always really nice, and cheap too. The smell is great too though.
If there is one thing which certainly gets the thumbs up from me it is generous portion sizes.  Thankfully Potatoland fufils this essential criterion as they only sell big, man-sized, crispy-skinned, fluffy-centred potatoes.  Both times which I went in my first year I got my potato filled with a generous helping chilli con carne which was delicious and easily sufficed for a lunchtime meal on its own.  
There is, however, room for improvement in Potatoland.  Being nestled away deep in the tail end of Clerc Street it is up against serious competition and, in my opinion, it would benefit from several key adjustments.  
Inside the place it feels dark, dour and almost cramped.  Further, the selection of fillings just isn't adequate when compared with some of the sandwich shops nearby which are also baying for customers.  Chilli, beans, cheese or tuna mayonnaise were some of the only options available and one can't help but question their lack of imagination.  Nonetheless, Potatoland is a great little business which should be worthy of competing with the best in the area.
The baked potatoes from Potatoland became my staple lunch when I was in first year at the University. I find it impossible to resist the delicious potato smell wafting from the shop on my way home . The staff in this shop are efficient and incredibly friendly and didn't make me feel awkward about always going in for food (like some places have!) The baked potatoes are inexpensive and are incredibly welcome on a cold and wet Edinburgh day. There is a reasonable selection of fillings for the potatoes, but the choice is not as expansive as some of the bigger potato shops in the city. 

It is shame that Potatoland is rather tucked away and at the far end of the busy Nicolson Street as I am sure it would have a much higher trade if it was more central.
It took explorers years to finally discover the fabled Potatoland, but now we finally have it marked on our maps. Of course the motivation behind the expeditions was always to find a supply of cheap, convenient, filled baked potatoes, ideal for lunch. And that is just what Potatoland offers.

Whats that? You say you want potatoes? Try Potatoland! Truly a land of potatoes. Affordable, crispy jackets filled with filling that oh-so suits a potato.

Potatoland at the end of the day is a place where you can satisfy your tattie desires. It's not high end cuisine, but then neither is Finland and look at their visitor numbers.
Ah, Tatty-L. One of the wonders of my youth, and still standing today.

Excellent wee treat of a takeaway for those looking for a moderately more healthy option. Just a pity they are so out of the way, situated at the tail end of Newington, just round the corner from Los Argentinos and across the road from Reverie.

Probably not worth going out your way for but a tasty option should you be in the area, and at affordable prices, with a quick turnaround, you need not ask for more. Toppings are plentiful in options and serving, staff are pleasant and prices reasonable.

Good grief, just writing about it's got me hankering for one!
Any chip shop can be a hit or a miss, depending on when you go in but this chippy is genrally OK although they are very skimpy on the chips...
I only ever have the Haddock and chips here so cannot comment on the other food but the fish suppers are consistently excellent. The batter is never greasy and the chips are always well cooked. 
The queuing system can seem a bit random as it is not always clear who is still waiting to place an order and who is waiting for their order to be made up. Staff are always polite and efficient.
Consistently good.
This the best Indian/ Tandoori ever. I visit once a week for sure. I have a veggie Biryani, and it does me two nights. HUGE meal. 
Very pleasant owner, opens door for me on way out and always says " Have a good night sir" Can't fault the place, and local. Give it a try. A wee bit pricy , but the meals are huge! Yummy!
For my first experience of a kebab, I was suitably impressed. And I wasn't even drunk! This takeaway just looks like your average takeaway, and even has a fruit machine. That makes me chuckle.

After never having a kebab we went here one Saturday night because it always smells so good when you walk past. We both had the special which was about 8 each. Quite expensive! But it turned out to be on of those silver dishes with pita bread filled with every type of meat imaginable. Chicken, lamb, beef and that weird stuff they shave. I'm not sure what meat that is? With lashings of sauce and salad, it was a huge meal. Neither of us finished it but it was pretty damn good.  The meat was tasty and tender, not the chewy, tasteless crap I was expecting. 

The menu also offers pizzas and chips too, and it seems quite popular as there was a constant stream of people going in and out while we waited. I would think the true test of a kebab is if it is edible when sober. Therefore, this place passes with flying colours.
Good place to go after your shopping in princess street.Has a good selection of food on the menu to chose from.Its not to pricey either.The staff were polite.
Standard McDonald's mit sehr vielen Sitzpltzen und Bahnhofshallen-Flair!
Ah McDonalds, you old dog (which is probably what you put in your burgers), we had some good times eh? To think I actually used to get excited about a McDonalds all those years ago.

This is actually a branch of McDonalds I used to still visit a few years ago when my family visited Edinburgh. Other than the decor, not much has changed.

This is possibly Edinburgh's "premier" McDonalds. Situated on Princes St, it boasts two large floors. Apart from "water saving toilets" (ironic for a company known for its destructive environment policy) and free wi-fi there isn't anything special about this McDonalds. It's dressed in that new McDonalds style, with natural organic colours, combined with tidy leather, to give an impression of both health and sophistication (the latter a la Starbucks). This hip new feel seems to be the result of the heavy criticism the corporation received at the beginning of the 2000s on health and ethical grounds, and its increasing reputation by the middle classes as somewhere they wouldn't want to be seen dead in, which was unfortunately one of the potential side effects of eating there too much. All this culminated in the well known documentary "Super Size Me" which documents a McDonalds lifestyles drastic effects on the film maker's physical and psychological well-being, and discovers the company's corporate influence, including its encouragement of poor nutrition for its own profit.

Like all McDonalds, come to the Princes St branch knowing what you're going to get. If you want cheap, convenient slop, flavoured with salt and sugar to hook your primeval taste buds, then so be it. But don't expect a nutritional meal, or fine cuisine. After all this is the place where a Cesar salad contains more fat than a burger.

I looked into this branch because, I'll admit, I was curious. But I really have no desire to eat here. I last ate a McDonalds when I was stuck overnight in a German train station and there was literally nothing else to eat. But with knowledge of McDonald's track record of opposing unions; their contribution to the industry which causes more carbon emissions than the entire transport industry (as the world's largest user of intensively farmed beef); and their repeated threat of legal action against critics, means I am a more than just put off by their soggy chips.

I also find it unfortunate that our capital city's main shopping street, is now totally overpopulated by chain stores, with an ever dwindling number of local, traditional and independent shops that can not possibly compete.
I'm definitly lovin it. If I just happen to be in the area, (which I am mostly) good for something quick and efficient.
very british
Cinnamon is probably the best Indian takeaway I've ever tried. Fantastic fresh food cooked in their open kitchen while you wait. Highly recommended!
I came here quite a lot when I lived in Marchmont, normally on a Friday or Saturday for a treat after eating healthily for the rest of the week. It is always busy as like minded Marchmont based students come here looking for a quick cheap and cheerful bite to eat or a quick meal to line their stomachs for a well deserved night out.
They serve general fish and chip shop food and I usually went for smoked sausage and chips, the chips however were quite often greasy, the smoked sausage was however always pretty good. Marchmont takeaway also does offer a range of pies, fish and cold drinks.
They do offer a pretty good pizza deal where they offer a 10 inch pizza with two topping for 3.60, but once again it is pretty greasy.
It's hard to go wrong with chips, and, in my opinion, one chip tastes much like another.  Yet people tend to form irrational attachments to certain chippies, and will swear them superior to all others.  Last time I was in Marchmont Takeaway, for example, the girl in front of me in the queue was telling the proprietor that he sold the best chips in the world and she would never buy hers anywhere else.  When I eventually tasted my chips, however, there was nothing exceptional about them at all.

Therefore I can only conclude that chip shop loyalty is a matter of sentimentality rather than taste, and in that case I can see why Marchmont Takeaway might come across as endearing.  For one thing, it's very very small, and for another, it's run by an old Italian man with an amazingly wizened face who can be seen at all hours of the day peering hopefully through the window for customers, and who calls everyone "darling" in a slightly menacing tone of voice.  For some people, I can see, such eccentricity is very intriguing.

At the end of the day, though, a chip is just a chip, and the ones that Marchmont Takeaway sells are no better or worse than anywhere else.
Considering Edinburgh is by the sea and is supposed to have great fish it seems to be bereft of a decent chippy. Every one I've been to has been a disappointment, and Marchmont Take Away is no different. 

I mean the chips are Ok. To be fair though, when a chippy can't do chips you've really got to start asking some question. It's just the fish. It's never ever good. The batter is soggy, too thick and the fish is always tasteless. The other stuff they do is no great shakes either (sorry Scotland, I've never understood deep fried pizza).

For chips it's Ok, for anything else I wouldn't bother. Come on Edinburgh, you can do better than this can't you?
This takeway is quite small, and though it markets itself (if it bothers at all to be honest) as a fish and chips place, I noticed an extensive pizza menu on its walls.

It's highly improbable that you will have the best pizza of your life at one of these places, but the prices are so good and the customers sometimes so inebriated, it all equals out in the end. As a side note, I will agree with some of the other reveiwers about the lack of fantastic fish and chips in Edinburgh... you'd expect some of these less glamorous places to serve decent fish, but the best I've had was at the Doctors pub just off Bristo Square.

Back to this marchmont takeaway, it's worth a shot, for a decent meal and some banter with the owner.
This place hasn't had a review in a few years so I thought I'd update it a bit! 

A nice  fish and chip shop, with the emphasis on the fish being freshly fried. Whilst this means the food is tastier and less stodgy than the usual fish supper, it also results in not a lot of space in the small premises whilst the meals are cooked.

The fare on offer is pretty standard - fish, sausages, pizza, burgers and chips. We had a choice of fish - haddock or rock cod. I opted for the 'special' (breadcrumbed) haddock supper, which was really good. The chips are also recommended.

Staff are friendly and efficient. All things considered, this is probably the best takeaway option in Marchmont.
Mayfield Village is an amazing Chinese takeaway which has a good atmosphere, pleasant service, but incredible food.  I've been here twice and both times the meal was served in generous, filling portions and probably tasted better than any other Chinese I've been to.  The menu is extensive and has a full range of authentic Chinese dishes.  The first time I was in I went for the stir fried beef in black bean sauce with egg fried rice.  The staff were proper friendly and the order only took about five minutes to be cook.  I would have waited ten times as long for it because it just tasted so good!  
The last time I was there I went for te salt and pepper squid which, again, was amazing.  Their prices are as you would expect with mains costing around 5.  If you're after top quality Chinese takeaway food then this is the place to come.
Hmmm not as good as it used to be.
Lazeez Tandoori is a great Indian takeaway which offers delicious food and speedy delivery at reasonable prices.  I ordered from here with some friends only two weeks ago and we were all in agreement that it was one of the best takeaways we'd had.  The menu is really well laid out with plenty of Tandoori, Biryani and Punjabi dishes to choose from.  I went for the lamb Madras which cost only 7 along with a portion of plain boiled rice and a naan bread.
Delivery took less than half and hour and the guy who brought was friendly.  The Madras sauce was delicious with a great range of flavours and some pungent spice throughout.  The lamb was tender and there were absolutely no fatty or sinewy chunks in amongst it.  
We'll definitely be ordering from here again and I really couldn't fault Lazeez on any front.
Best tandoori mixed grill this side of the equator brilliant sometimes have to wait a long time for delivery but it's worth the wait.
We were visiting Edinburgh and were looking for a night in for a bit of a rest.  This place was down the way from our rental flat and had good reviews on Yelp.  We did some take-away and had the Veg Pakora and a couple of curries.  Big portions and delicious flavors were a winning combination for a night away from fish and chips.
Brought up with a huge variety of Asian food, I do find it hard to be content with most of the Asian food I've had in Edinburgh (The boons and banes of being a Malaysian). 

Strolling down the street one day, with my other favourite kebab stores either out of reach or not open during the time, I made my way into Lanzeez Tandoori! NO REGRETS!!

Slightly different from your average Edinburgh kebabs with mayonnaise and garlic sauce, Lanzeez has an Indian authenticity to it, which I enjoy.  The marinade of the kebabs has a herbal tinge coupled with an very aromatic Indian tandoori flavour. If my Indian friends say that the food tastes very Indian, enough said.  

Smells great, tastes even better! 

Very affordable and other than its kebabs, has a wide selection pizzas options, biryani and other Indian/Pakistani type food. I particularly enjoy their maddenly sweet Gulap Jamun as a desert. 

Since then, I've visited the place a few times and always pleased. While service isn't quick since good food needs time for proper preparation, the people at the place are very cordial. I've always had a nice chat with the staff there (Specifically the lady boss) while waiting.

When I am feeling lazy, their delivery option is good too.
G.Y. is a pretty standard Chinese takeaway, as far as I'm concerned. Compared to the other takeaways in Marchmont, it kind of falls short. But that's very possibly only because Delicious Italian and Kasbah win best takeaway hands down. 

Located right next to Bohemia on Roseneath Place, it's in a pretty good spot. They do your usual stir-fries with veggies, with black beans and broccoli or, this one is one of my favourites, cashews. I've always thought putting nuts in food is a really good idea, and I've always felt a lot of sympathy for people with allergies who can't partake in this culinary experience. They have a couple of reasonably priced meal deals and your food always comes with prawn crackers. 

There are plenty of vegetarian, seafood and meat options here and the best thing, really, is the pricing. Apart from that, there're probably better Chinese takeaways you could go to.
G Y used to be my local Chinese take away, so I visited here quite often.

I have to agree with Julia that on the surface this place is pretty standard. The menu is what you would expect (although the prices are pretty good). Apart from the free prawn crackers, nothing really strikes you as extraordinary about the food. However I have always found the staff to be exceptionally nice. I know this shouldn't sway me, but it does. The guy who is always behind the counter (I used to know his name) always used to chat to me about nerdy stuff, or just ordinary stuff like how my day had been. The food would also be served really quickly and efficiently. The second time I went back, they already knew my face.

Average food, great service.
I really don't see the appeal of G.Y. at all. My friends go here all the time and rave about it, saying it's the best they've had and it feels really healthy. Either there's another one just around the corner which is awesome or they're just idiots, and I know which one I've got my money on. 

To be fair to G.Y. it looks like they try to make their food a bit less greasy than most other places but that's about it. Their dishes are so bland it's unreal, with a complete absence of any flavour whatsoever. It's not too expensive, but with food this boring no matter how cheap it is I won't be coming back.
Super friendly service, food made to order lightning quick, and highly competitive prices.  While the food may be modified for the local taste, it is nonetheless a great value and each container can feed 2 people.  There are days when you just don't want to cook and GY should be on your rolodex of take-away/delivery restaurants.  Living in the neighborhood, I've often passed by this tiny little store, which has a 'waiting room' no bigger than a breadbox.  Usually, at dinnertime, it's got 3 or 4 people waiting for their orders...that's why I ventured in and tried them.  I think with their service, especially, and pricing, I'll be back.
This place never seems to be closed. Always open when u need them and great selection of toppings. Portions are huge and a full meal in itself. Great for a last minute cheap meal.
Baked Potatoes are saving me from an early fast food grave.

Mr Hot Potato have more fillings than you can imagine (some extremely questionable... pineapple?) but rest assured you'll be catered for however you like it. As Stephanie says it rarely costs you more than a fiver for a good wholesome meal that won't leave you bloated or hungry!
Stuart's review of Mr Hot Potato brought back some dark but recent memories for me. I've been to Mr Hot Potato, and out of curiosity I got ham and pineapple on my potato. It was fucking hideous.

Lesson learned, but I was asking for it I suppose, and on subsequent visits my chicken curry and boring old cheese taters have never been less than exemplary. All well under that magical five banger mark to boot.
It's thanks to my fellow Yelpers that I finally tried Mr Hot Potato. 

It was nine thirty one night and I desperately needed something tasty and nutritious to soak up the cocktails I'd just consumed. After wandering the streets with my cocktail partner and turning up empty handed, I pulled out my iPhone, fired up the Yelp app and discovered... Mr Hot Potato was ten minutes away!

I'll be honest, each footstep to the take-away felt like a mile but when we finally arrived, we were greeted with a friendly smile and two baked potatoes that looked as big as the moon. From what I remember, they tasted pretty damn good too.
Oh no, the fridge is bare. These were my initial thoughts this nice Thursday evening. I may as well have jumped around my kitchen and hit myself over the head with a light bulb for the genius idea that then followed - That baked potato place always looks so tempting when I go past AND it is like 2 minutes up the road. A la Gordon Ramsay, Thursday night Dinner - DONE.

So I took a brief stroll up the road to arrive and decide on my baked potato delight! They have so many different fillings (they vary from cold to hot, and veggie to meaty) that I did actually change my mind from Spicy mixed beans with Chicken, to something else spicy, with chicken and peas, and beans and spinach with a lovely kick to it. Oh and some cheese, every baked 'tater' needs cheese.

The service wasn't great to say the least, but it was quick and I left carrying what was a decidedly heavy box. I was exciting to see what was inside, and when I got home I saw, a HUGE potato stacked full of yummy filling! I kid you not, it was such a satisfying tea, purely based on the size of it, and it was only four squid. 

So I am now utterly stuffed! Very tasty, great value for money and so much better than picking up a chippie on the way home!
Our order took ages to arrive - the delivery guy couldn't find us and went back to the shop (twice) before they got around to calling us. The food was pretty disgusting when we finally got it, and it's none too cheap, either. We haven't been back. I had to add one star to post this review but I wouldn't give it any at all.
I did not have a good experience at the Ricebox. I came here after a Hibs game with a friend and got a meal to take away. The price was about standard, but the quality of the food was lacking. The shop was full with supporters looking for a post-match bite to eat, so I would like to give it another chance on a non-match day when the workers have more time on the hands.
I ordered the sweet and sour pork with rice and found that the flavours were really bland and the meal was generally very greasy
On the positive you do get a cool fortune cookie with every meal! Furthermore, the decor of the restaurant is very good and looks modern.
Last night I was feeling lazy so my boyfriend and I decided to order from Rice Box - we'd heard good things from a friend and who can resist a cheeky Chinese carryout?  Now I wish I'd just cooked instead as the food was really disappointing.  Boyfriend thought his chicken satay and noodles were fine, but I barely touched my 'deep-fried shredded beef with chilli' and fried rice.  Shredded beef is one of those standard Chinese takeaway dishes, you'd have thought it'd be hard to do wrong but it turns out it is. The beef itself was chewy, and rather than being nice and crispy the batter was soggy - the chilli sauce itself is marketed as 'spicy' but isn't remotely. The fried rice wasn't great either - not awful, I ate most of it, but the rice itself was slightly undercooked. As a side note too, whilst I appreciate that they offer online ordering through their website, I didn't find it to be hugely user-friendly and signing up to a website such as Just Eat would probably be a better idea. Safe to say we won't be ordering from here again!
The worst take away I've had in years...

I ordered chicken noodle soup that literally had no chicken in it, (seriously, not one tiny bit) no spring onion or any other garnish. It was literally a bowl of weak stock and noodles. I also ordered ribs that had no meat on them and what meat there was was dry and hard. 


When I called to complain (it has to be really bad for me to do this) the attitude was defensive and unapologetic. 

Just avoid; If a place tries hard and its just not good enough then fair enough but the corners cut by these guys and their general disregard for customer satisfaction makes it feel like you've been robbed.
Unbelievable!!!  Ordered food at 19:30 & was told it would arrive in 45mins to an hour.  Called at 20:35 and was told it would be the next order out.

Called again at 20:50 & 21:20 to be told it would be there in minutes each time!  When it eventually arrived AT 21:30, the order was incomplete (no sauce in or with the shredded beef with hot & spicy sauce) and everything was COLD!!    

Their excuse?  It's been busy.  So what?!  Even a call to say would have allowed me the option of driving down there myself!  I couldn't anyway but at least giving me an update and the option would have been something. 

How did they propose to make amends?  Send the sauce straight away!

After considerable faffing, was offered 20% off my next order.  Like I'll order a delivery again!

I asked for a refund (reasonable given the circumstances) and, when pushed about the temperature of the food, I was told they would send a fresh order straight away & I would get 20% off the NEXT order.  They're REALLY not getting it, eh.

Quite frankly, as bad an experience as I've ever had.  A true measure of a company is how they handle things when they inevitably go wrong.  This says all that needs to be said.  Despicable.
The worst chippy in the world. Ever. Fact.
Clam Shell, cloistered up between posh Scottish eating establishments and continental cafes, is a good old fashioned chip shop to satisfy your fast food cravings.

As far as food quality goes it's a higher standard of takeaway, and a winner in the fast food arena. Specialising in massive pizzas and succulent chippy chips, Clam Shell was always the first port of call when I visited Edinburgh as a kid. I have many fond memories of sitting out in the rain, munching my way through a soggy paper bag full of the best chips I've ever tasted. Big, fat chips drowning in brown sauce suddenly made the weather a lot more bearable.

Years later, it's barely changed and still offers speedy service and yummy fish suppers. The piping hot chips from Clam are a great way to warm yourself up on a drizzly day. This place shouldn't be overlooked in favour of the surrounding fancier options because as far as chips go, they are top class.
I first encountered Clamshell when returning home after a long night out on the Cowgate.  I saw two guys eating out of the plastic boxes associated with chippies.  I asked them where they got them from and they directed me to Clamshell, assuring me it was the best chip shop in Edinburgh.  I was sceptical but too hungry to challenge it.  I ordered a sauasage supper, devoured it all the way home and whole-heartedly agreed that it was the best chippy in Edinburgh.  
I have since been back in a more sober disposition and I still think it makes some of the best chips I've tasted.  Being on the Royal Mile, however, it is quite expensive with battered sauasage and haggis suppers costing around 3-4 and fish suppers being over 5.  It is worth it though as the service is great and the quality is truly amazing.
This has always been the 3 am sweaty takeaway stop from Studio 24 after Balkanarama on the walk home. That was a mouthful. But yes, this is one of those other places I have never had the pleasure of entering completely sober. I don't think I'd want to. 

They do your chips and your chips and cheese and they'll deep-fry a Mars bar or two for you. Essentially, they do what every good takeaway should, i.e. line your stomach with grease so that you don't wake up with your head up your arse the next morning. And they do that pretty successfully. 

During the day, it's full of Edinburgh's teenage goths. At night, it's full of drunks. It's a lively place, evidently. But it's only on your way home if you're walking up from New Town into Old Town. And since most sensible people live in Old Town, they have a pretty consistent clientele.
Solid fish and chips. Not too greasy. Fish is fresh. Easy place to order from.
When I was eating their chips it was heaven but ... I had them about 2.5 hours ago and I'm feeling seriously nauseous. Since I've not eaten anything else that could've caused this, I'm having the sneaking suspicion that it's the chips.

While I was eating, I also found a couple of pieces of grit, I think sand, between my chips. Well, how did you find them, you might ask? By biting on them! EEK! Know that horrible crunchy sound your teeth make when there's sand between them? Not good eats.
I have NO idea how this happened or what to think of this since I've only heard good things about this chippy.

But, .. I do think it's fair to warn my fellow Yelpers that 2.5 hours after eating their chips, I'm not feeling too well ....

This experience needs of course to be verified, just not by me,... maybe I'll ask someone else to take one for the team and order some chips. I'm not doing it again anytime soon!

- Right, update from the next day: it was definitely a mild case of food poisoning. AVOID!
The only thing I tried was the fried mars bar, but that alone is worth a five star rating. Do not leave Edinburgh without trying one of these! They were reasonably priced and melt in your mouth. It's a cute place and wasn't to busy when I visited. It's in a good area and is totally worth it!
Deep fried everything here. King rib, haggis, and mars bar are the 'menu' I'd suggest to people who are stepping into a chip shop for the very first time. Though take care - the caloric value is off the scale, so I would split that order amongst 4 friends, whilst totally plastered.

At the time, I did enjoy the King Rib, but let me clarify: I don't think this is a place I would cruise in for lunch on a normal weekday. This is not a thing to be enjoyed more than once a month, tops.

Wash it all down with an Irn-Bru, though be careful: It isn't marketed in the USA because it contains a chemical considered carcinogenic by the FDA.

And, BTW, it tastes like shit. There, I said it. Sorry, Scotland. But your chip shops can stay.
Good chips and amazing fried Mars bar!  The deep fried mars bar was 2.50 which was a bit steep but it was delicious-not as disgusting as you might imagine
Oh god! What else can you say about a place that offers you so much fried food, so late at night? I came here at the request of a few people we met at the bar, who basically insisted that we couldn't leave Scotland without having deep fried haggis. Being a lover of haggis, I complied. But deep fried haggis wasn't all Clamshell had to offer. The King Rib (the Scottish equivalent of the McRib, but without the sauce, and HUGE), a deep fried Mars bar, and that's actually just the tip of the iceberg.

This is really good drunk food, and will probably shave a few years off your life. But it's worth a try at least once. Bonus points: They serve Irn Bru, which is banned in the United States for containing ponceau, a chemical I used in lab for protein staining. It's like liquid Pixie Stix!
One of the best chippies back when I was a lad. I'd say the quality has gone down slightly simply through the professionals that ran the place 10 years ago handing the reigns down to their proteges. But that isn't to say the customer service has done the same, the guys are as well-mannered as ever.

Clamshell still delivers decent chips and battered goods. But they don't come to mind when I think of freshness. They are there to satiate that 2:30am craving, which they do well and at decent prices.

A good option for a quick stodge fix on the Royal Mile. But if you could be bothered, there is better about.
Looking for chips with salt-n-sauce? This is the place when you're in the Old Town. It's often crowded with tourists looking for the infamous deep-fried Mars Bar, but it's worth the wait. Service has always been friendly and chips are always hot!
oh my. wow. ain't had scottish chips for quite a while. I used to actually live off these things!! like everyday! salt n sauce is a special creation no other nation seems to have got a grip on!! would come back here in a heartbeat. like seriously, 2 fishcakes and a decent portion of chips for only 4.60.... i miss scottish prices!!!!
I did the deed. I finally did it. I ordered myself a deep fried Mars Bar! 

It wasn't the overwhelmingly sickly mess I'd anticipated... it was molten, warm and comforting and the batter just provided a light crisp on the outside to hold this calorific creation together.

The Clamshell is a really cute little gem on the Royal Mile right near Edinburgh Castle with speedy, friendly service and if you're so way inclined, they will pretty much deep fry anything for you!

It's lucky I don't live in Scotland, because I'd commit the sin again and again! And I'd be sure to come back to the Clamshell to do it!

Read the review here: http://www.laurajreeves.com/2014/05/bliss-or-miss-clam-shell-deep-fried.html
I like this place because of the massive variety of toppings you cna have on your pizza. Chilli beef, Roman artichokes, smoked pork sausage, feta cheese and walnuts, strange things that you've never tried but (but must!).

The prices are amazing too, we got a 16 inch for under 11 which fed like 5 of us. It took a little while to cook but that's because they made it fresh.

This place can't be beat!
This little place really surprised me. To be honest I wasn't expecting much when I ventured in, but I was in the area and was in that mood where I would have seriously considered committing major crimes to get a pizza. Lo and behold I came across this ol' joint; looks like serendipity had my back. I was wary at first but through caution to the winds and ordered, if my memory serves me correctly, a meaty beast of a pizza with a token amount of onions so I can persuade myself I had a healthy intake of veg. Hey with the tomato pure on there that's almost two of my five a day. Couple that with the apples in the cider I'd had in the pub earlier and I was feeling pretty healthy to be honest. 

The pizza, when it eventually came, smelled awesome and upon taking it home and devouring it was not disappointed. All the ingredients complemented each other well - I'm not going to take credit for this, the guy there did give me advice on which things to mix and which to avoid - and I was stuffed well before finishing it. For the price (about 7 or 8) it was excellent value, and tasted almost as good again when I unashamedly rocked the old student clich and reheated it for breakfast. A good find
This is a pretty cool pizza joint with a good selection of pizzas and a wide range of toppings. I have a close friend who lives 5 minutes down the road from here so quite often popped in just before or after seeing them.
The pizzas here are not quite to the quality of Domino's or Pizza Hut but a lot closer to that quality than they are from your standard greasy pizza place, but at really great prices.
They do some pretty good student deals here, if I was getting a pizza on my own I opted for a large twelve inch pizza with four toppings which was 6, or if I was sharing I got an eighteen inch pizza with four toppings which is very reasonably prices at 10.50- just over a fiver each, which offers good value for money.
Pizza Factory is a huge industrial complex that pumps out a constant supply that makes up 75% of the world's pizzas. Actually it's a small takeaway pizza joint, but it does feel mass produced.

I'm not a huge fan of Pizza Factory but I think I can understand why it is popular. There really is a huge range of toppings that you can "create your own pizza" with (by create your own they mean select each ingredient  you want on the pizza at 70p each). You can choose from the usual mushroom and peperoni, to the more interesting like feta or walnuts. This did allow me as a vegetarian to be a bit more picky. After all out of their set pizzas I think there was only one vegetarian option (the "Colosseum").

Most set pizzas cost 6.60. I find this a little steep as for not much more you could visit a pretty great Italian restaurant. But nevertheless the quality of pizzas here really isn't half bad. I'm not a fan of takeaways in general, but I do prefer pizza. There's something a bit harder to fake in a veggie pizza, unlike an anonymous kebab. If you feel the same way then maybe Pizza Factory is worth a visit.
Slow ass service in here, like really really slow. I actually started reading the menu I got so bored. All I wanted was some mixed veg noodles. When I got the "food" home I was brutally disappointed. The veg tasted frozen and the noodles were pure mush. 

Only go if nowhere else is open.
I came to Jade Palace less than a month ago after an evening at the pub and the service is actually pleasant and fast.  It's a really popular Chinese takeaway on Dalkeith Road which gets loads of service from the locals so it must be doing something right.  The menu has a good selection of the usual dishes and, in particular, a great range of szechuan dishes which are all spicy and delicious.  I went for the chicken szechuan with special fried rice and a bag of prawn crackers which cost around 7.  It took less than ten minutes to arrived and tasted great.  The chillies must have been as fesh as they come because the sauce for the chicken just about blew my head off, yet was still delicious.  I'd certainly come here again as it's a great place to come for a quick, tasty meal.
Craving something different from the usual Indian takeaways I usually go for, I decided to try out Jade Palace, as it is located right next to my girlfriend's flat.  

My main experience of Chinese food has been courtesy of Jimmy Chung's and as this is pretty much mass produced, I expected something a little different from Jade Palace. However, I was disappointed.  The cantonese style  sweet and sour I had was certainly nothing to get too excited about and the friend rice I had alongside was also fairly unspectacular, although still fairly nice to eat.  The prawn crackers were also very similar to those that I could buy from the supermarket for about half the price.  

The saving grace was the curry sauce and noodles that my girlfriend ordered.  The curry sauce was deliciously smooth and not grainy as is often the case. The noodles proved to be jammed tight into the foil container, and as a result the portion was very generous. The prices seemed fairly standard: they did not strike me as particularly cheap but they also did not make my jaw drop to the floor as other Chinese takeaways have done.  

Overall, if you're nearby and are desperately craving a bit of Chinese takeaway, this is fine. However, if possible, shop around first to avoid too much disappointment.
This is the worst Chinese takeaway in Edinburgh. I went there once with a few friends, big mistake. The people seemed all right, and the food didn't take too long to come. It was apparent why when we got back home. All our food was undercooked, the beef (and I'm being generous calling it that) in particular. Consequently all of us spent the rest of the night in the bathroom, involuntarily ejecting any last remnant of that godawful food, and whatever else was in our stomach at the same time.

Save yourself an evening of misery, pain and bodily eruptions and stay well clear of this place.
i've searched across the whole of edinburgh looking for a good chinese take away for years now, and this is the best that i've found for that 'classic' eastern taste.  the kung po chicken, honey chili ribs and other regular dishes never fail to delight.

Edit:  In case anyone is wondering, my location is NY but I'm originally from Edinburgh (born and bred).
As far as Chinese restaurants go in Edinburgh, look no further.  They have some of the best items in town.  The only reason that I give them three stars is because they have an over saturated menu.  They have several really good items, but those are surround by even more bad ones, so if you are not in the know, you may end up having a bad experience.  That being said, I could never get enough of the Honey Chili Chicken.  There is also no seating, so it is only take-out and delivery.  But that was never a problem for me as I lived in the area and would always just drop into pick it up on the way home.
The curry house meal for 2 takeaway I had was plentiful and of a decent standard. Good curries are plentiful in Edinburgh and the only reason it didn't stand out was it was a carry out. 
Good value?About the price for a decent meal with lots to choose from. I would love to see a restaraunt do something different for a change,maybe I'm missing something but they all seem the same really. Batches of sauce and regularity of tastes for example it is hard to rate.
I'll go again and again to the Curry house,but I live within 1km seemingly. The chicken korma tasted like the chicken was added rather than cooked with the sauce,but who buys kormas anyway?
Our staple 'go-to' Chinese delivery place. I can't tell you how many times we've gotten food delivered from here but it's definitely more than I can count on my fingers and potentially not much fewer if I added in my toes!

Food is always piping hot and tasty. I've never felt the need to drink a tonne of water or woken up with puffy eyes due to an over abundance of MSG. We've never had a problem with delivery or ordering on the phone. Never physically been to the restaurant so can't tell you much about that side of things, but can only imagine the food would be even better fresh from the kitchen rather than sitting in a plastic container for 20mins!

Thumbs up!
I tried this takeaway for the first time last Monday. I had the Kung Po chicken, but won't be having it again. The chicken was breaded, and the sauce was sticky like a sweet and sour sauce, definitely not authentic Chinese that I was hoping for and it costs more than I expected.  :( Head to takeaway shops on Leith Walk instead.
In about a 30 second-walk-radius (yes, this is an acceptable form of measuring distance) there are about 5 or 6 takeaways in Marchmont. This is one of my favourite of the lot (though, I don't like it as much as Delicious Italian, but that's because I'm addicted to gnocchi and artichokes). They serve everything from Indian food to Pizza. There's seating inside, but it's mostly occupied by friends of people who work there (from what I gathered, they all seemed to pretty friendly with each other, but I could be deluded). 

Their pizzas are kinda interesting. The one I like is one that has garlic butter and potato and red onion on it. I mainly like it for the novelty of having potato on pizza. It is kinda strange, right? But I also like getting pizza from here because they give you yummy garlic mayo with your pizza. What can I say, I like garlic. 

Definitely beats many of the takeaways in Marchmont, and it's pretty reasonably priced.
Kasbah is the love child of Mediterranean, Middle Eastern and Indian-esque food. There are curries, pizzas and things I had rarely seen before, but looked amazingly appetising. The pizzas are great, with obscure toppings including many Middle Eastern flavours, but they pull them off really well. Kasbah adds a different element to the standard pizzas and offers a good alternative to Delicious Italian across the road. 

The curries are authentic too, and actually seem like the food that you would find in Asia unlike many of the mass produced piles of rubbish you can find in Edinburgh. For me, Middle Eastern food is difficult as I am allergic to pulses (chickpeas, beans etc...I know it's a pretty lame allergy but meh!!) so I've got to be careful. I told the staff here and they made sure to avoid all things that could be dangerous and were cool about it. Great service and great prices too.
This is a great little place in the heart of Marchmont. They serve a great range of food, all of which is really tasty and filling at very competitive prices. me and my friends came here quite a lot and we worked our way through the vast array of different cuisines and options they had. They are surprisingly good at the range they do.
Me and my flatmates lived quite close to the Kasbah so we always just went there, but there is a delivery service, but my friends have told me that the wait can be quite long, especially on weekends.
Their pizzas are not too greasy and you can tell the dough is of good quality. They also do a range of curries which taste as good as I have had in some pretty posh restaurants, but with a much more doest price tag.
The name of this Indian take away gives me a kick, and was the reason I actually crossed the street to check it out. 

Although it claims to be a restaurant, its size and lack of dining luxury immediately give it away as a regular takeaway. This isn't to bash it though, because the menu is fantastically varied and surprisingly cheap compared to other Indian restaurants I've been to in Edinburgh. 

It's possible to have a range of starters, vegetarian dishes, tandoori, biryani and popular curry dishes. To emphasise my point, one could have a curry, side dish and rice for just under 7! It's a steal, and the test at a cheap place is the way the food tastes ofcourse. I've eaten there a few times now, and I'd recommend the Kurma, which I must admit isn't an adventurous choice at all.
Great food, inexpensive and friendly service. What more do you need from a takeaway? The Green Chilli Dahl in particular is a favourite.
I love Kasbah and often go there for takeaway (I wouldn't recommend going to dine in as there is only one table that sits 6 people).

The vegetable bhuna pizza is one of the best takeaway fusions foods you will ever had. I didn't like the sound of it when a friend took me there for the first time and ordered it, but after having it once I keep going back for this and often add in the mixed started combo which has a great variety of chicken/pork/veggie delights.

It's cheap, the food is great and the staff are all very nice, perfect for what it is, no frills, just super tasty food.
I'm going to start off by saying that I have been to some pretty seedy fast food joints in my day... but I think this JITB takes the cake..

Yeah, I get that you are busy because all of the drunken ASU students romp through here each night... but how hard is it to sweep the floor, wipe the tables or clean the bathroom? Ewwwwwww!!!!

Next... you were not busy, at all,  yet it took five minutes for someone to come take my order... and I was not so nicely informed that for some ungodly known reason you were no longer serving milkshakes at 855pm at night.. but you could serve me a smoothie. Ummmmm... does this make sense? Noooo.... and to add insult to injury, it took seven minutes to make the damn thing. (I know because I timed it)

BTW... don't waste your $2.79 on the pomegranate smoothie. It SUCKS. 

And the worst part of all? It is impossible to go to this JITB without being accosted by the homeless hippies. 

Unfortunately this filth infested, artery-clogging, non-milkshake-serving-after-some-undisclosed-time establishment will continue to flourish because it is in a good location and drunk people need their tacos.
I agree. The only time i ever went to this JITB, a fight broke out where people were smashing each others heads against the metal railing. I'll never forget that, i'll also never forget the fries they failed to serve me as a result of the chaos.

Stay focus JITB employees. We need our fries.
Sons of fucking bitches. 

Three orders of food and when we pulled up to the drive-thru window and asked to add a taco to the order, we were told by the young man working the drive-thru window that NO, there are no "extra" tacos, they are made to order. "Yeah, we want to order one." He then responded by saying we cannot add any food to our already existing order, and that if we wanted to add any food to the order that we would have to exit the drive-thru and drive back around and get back in line again. No joke, he said "no seriously, you can't order a taco. It's business, you understand." No, I don't understand. Your business is to sell me artery-clogging food, and you are refusing to do so? To top it off, when I called later to talk to the manager, a co-worker answered the phone giggling and then finally said "uhhh. EHH ... HELLO?" 
"Hi. Is this Jack in the Box?"
"Uhhh. YEAH." 
Looks like JITB needs to step it up on the employee training manual.
Holy Hell Mayo Queen....put the mayo gun down and back away from the burgers.
I just threw up a little hearing the name "jack in the box".  Hope you are ready for some food poisoning.
Ridiculous.
The breakfast at this place is super cheap and you get a lot of bang for your buck. Every time I have gone the staff has been really nice although I can't say I have ever been late at night as I usually get breakfast here. It's not the fanciest breakfast in the world but it actually taste good and is cooked fresh. I work near this JITB and understand that due to the nature of people who slum around downtown Tempe on Mill it's not their fault that they get some less then desirable groups hanging out in front of their establishment. It's a fast food joint, you get what you pay for and honestly I don't see the point in over criticizing about a full breakfast for $3.50.
For my experience you must know that this was a drive thru order.

There was no car line at 5 o'clock which is cool and weird considering that's when people are getting out of school and work, but I can't complain.

I am vegetarian so I only eat the curly fries and I knew that this was what I was going to order, but that didn't mean I didn't want to check out their menu to see if they had any other goodies. In this case, they didn't. What's even worse is they didn't have on the menu the sizes or prices of french fries which bothers me because I hate paying for things I don't know the price of, but I knew it was the only thing I could eat.

I ordered a large curly fry and it was $3.05! I thought that was pretty expensive considering the amount of fries I got was about a medium. I will say though, if I had eaten more than what I had gotten, I would have felt much more sick to my stomach then I was already starting to feel.

I will give the girl at the window who took my cash and handed me my food was very friendly and asked if I wanted any sauces and wasn't stingy when I asked her for ketchup (however I did ask for a good amount).
One word...Pathetic. As soon as you walk in through the doors the music is blaring into your ears. It's not very welcoming especially when you're hungry. That also says about this so called fast food place that the employees don't have much consideration towards the customers. Now it's not usually this loud during the day. But in the evening it seems as if every time! Apart from the music being annoying, you're being ignored for a good 5 minutes until an employee attends you. I understand they need to help the drive through people, but those lazy people didn't get off their ass to order their food that makes them even fatter. So the employees tend to prioritize the drivers outside instead of the people that walked in. Really sucks because you grow inpatient quickly. Again, especially because you're hungry. Once you're lucky enough to pass the first test or should I say 2nd after the music. You have to wait for your food to be prepared. One time I ordered 3 chicken sandwiches and it took them 30 minutes exact!!! I timed it too. I mean   what the hell!! I was so pissed and frustrated because I wasn't just the only person waiting for my food. Everyone is just so annoyed inside this jack in the box that people start doing stupid stuff in order to get attention. It's actually kinda funny. Once your food is ready, this lady has a freakin boom mike yelling out your order lol. It really doesn't help and it's overdone. Bottom line, this fast food joint needs to pick it up and hire some real employees that know what they're doing. I also think this place is way too understaffed. I seriously wouldn't bother going to this place if it wasn't one of the only places open on mill ave at 10-12 in the evening to get a bite to eat. 

Seriously it's sad.
For a Jack in the Box, this place is dirty. Yes that is saying a lot. It seems to be a hang out for downtown Tempe's transient population but I guess they cannot kick out the paying customers. 

The service seemed a little slower than most locations but that could have been the decorum in the building that made me feel that way. The food is standard Jack in the Box fare, so at least you know what you are getting into. I just wouldn't step into the bathroom there if I were you.
if i could put a negative on the stars i would do so!! this by far is one of the most worst experience i have ever had at ANY food place. It started off with me needing to use the restroom, so i entered jack in the box, there were no signs anywhere stating restrooms are for customers only. As I walked towards the restroom and try opening it, the door was locked. I went up to the security guard, whom works there, letting him know what was going on. before I could even finish my statement he rudely looks at me up and down and says in the most rudest manner, "the bathrooms are for paying customers" OK 1. how can you look at someone and assume they have no money? 2. you would've said it in a nicer manner. i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that? whatever happened to the customer's are always right? i immediately demanded to speak to a manager, while i was telling the manager what was wrong he seemed as if he did not care what i was saying, he didn't pull the guy to the side and talk to him, or even apologize to me for his employees behavior. i pulled out my receipt for the rude racist and judgmental security guard and he pushed the buzzer to unlock the restroom. i walked to the restroom door to try opening it and it still didn't open, i turned to the security guard and stated the restroom still isn't opening, he then says" well you have to wait til someone gets out" (still in a rude tone) i say"well it says vacant" he then says" well it's not so..."  like how was i suppose to know it was occupied when it says vacant? and why didn't he tell me that before buzzing me in?  while waiting in  for the restroom to become vacant, i realized more and more customers were entering jack i the box and the security guard was being just as rude to them. some were so furious they walked out of the store cursing. its crazy because some customers he allowed in without showing him a receipt while others he harassed, yelled at and embarrassed as what he had done Me. I came down to Arizona for my daughter's 21st birthday and it was the worst experience in all my travels of any state. I am sad to say this but i will Not be returning any time soon. the blatant rudeness and disrespect was not okay, i have been employed with customer service jobs and I have had food thrown at me, spit at and cursed to and still have i never taken that out on any customer. the fact that the manager didn't say or do anything didn't even help how hurt i felt, i guess it goes to show you no matter where you go there is ugly everywhere.
Slowest fast food I've ever had. I've been waiting so long I'm writing this review before I even get the food
I go to this Jack In The Box on the way to work, usually grabbing breakfast. Their crew is always on the ball, very upbeat and accomodating. They are always quick with my food and always double-checks to make sure everything I ordered is there before I leave the drive-up.
4 hours of agony from food poisoning later, don't go to this location folks. Take it from my stomach.
My husband, Jim W., teases me because I only have one and five star reviews.  I guess that's what it takes to motivate me.  Apparently, I was really motivated this morning at McDonald's.

No one over the age of eight goes to McDonald's for the food.  We either go because it's quick (sometimes) or cheap (not anymore) or convenient or because we are craving that childhood food memory.  So Jim and I met there this morning  (score one for convenient) for a quick snack and chat about the week.

While we're waiting for the food I notice a sign that says they have free samples on Monday morning.  I was fascinated by this.  Since when has McDonald's offered samples?  And who hasn't tried their potatoes and needs to know what they taste like?  Who doesn't know the taste of crunchy grease without a reminder?  So, curiosity getting the better of me, I asked for a sample.  I really wanted to see what it was.  That's when I was reminded where, exactly, I was.

I was told that there was no way I could have a sample.  When I inquired why that was I was informed that the person accompanying me had ordered what they were sampling.

Oh.

Though most yelpers know my prolific yelper husband, this woman did not.  In fact, she had no idea who he was in relation to me.  He could have been my husband but he could just as easily been an anal colleague who would rather die than allow me to sample his food, which I assume was the implication in her refusal.

Now, I acknowledge that this is a ridiculous nothing of an issue.  But these days I run into more and more silly little annoyances and I just couldn't let this one pass.  You see, the woman was very satisfied with herself, as if I was trying to "get over on the man" (i.e. McDonald's) and she thwarted me.  It's just so stupid.  So, I guess they saved themselves a quarter of a hash brown but they got this nifty review instead.

As to the biscuit I did eat, well ... it was McDonald's.
I went through the drive through today at this location to get some Iced Mochas.  I really wanted Dunkin but with the construction on Alma School I didn't have time so I settled.  First of all, my two large Iced mochas cost me $8!  Starbucks prices, no where near Starbucks quality.  (Dunkin would have been about $3 cheaper--and way better) So I order the Mochas, one non-fat.  I get to the pick-up window, after waiting for the 2 cars in front of me to get their food, and they ask me to park,,,FOR COFFEE!!!!!! So I do.  I live in AZ, it is HOT here. I waited, and waited, and waited...3 cars get their food.  Im hot, so I go inside to grab them.  A nice boy brought me my coffee and appologized (he was sweet).  I look at my mochas and one has carame one chocolate...What the hell?!?..so I go in and say "uh...I ordered Mochas." The worker said "Those are Mochas" in a snotty tone.  So I ask why one has chocolate and one caramel.  She told me the order taker put that in the system.  I told her I said one non-fat.  But I had to go the hubster had to go to work. She says "oh, sorry"  First of all...Why did two coffees take over 5 minutes to make?...Second...how does one get Caramel out of Non-Fat?  I can see getting chocolate and non fat mixxed up (maaaayyyybe)...This McDonalds is super rude..and always messes up orders..if you are going to be rude can you pallleeeaaase get my order right?
THEY STILL CANNOT GET MY ORDER RIGHT!!! Why is mcdonalds food like crack?  Hate the service  but cannot stay away!!!
This is THE WORST Mcdonalds in the history of Mcdonalds. The fries are ALWAYS cold and old and same goes with chicken nuggets. None of the crew members speak English and if they do they are all very rude and don't know how to say hi or thank you or even have a great day. I actually drive 5 minutes to another Mcdonalds just because this one sucks so bad ( btw- I live next door to this one ). Please, do not come to this Mcdonalds.
I havent had a bad experience yet.... takes a long time to get food out tho.. thats the only bad..
Slow as molasses and got my order wrong. I ordered one iced coffee with sugar-free vanilla. How do you mess that up? I was the only customer in the drive through and it wasn't busy inside. No excuse for the incompetence. After reading the other reviews, they just don't care here apparently.
The kids play area is NASTY! I like to come in to let my kids play so I can do my homework, but today the play area is terribly dirty. There is only 1 table that doesn't have garbage on it. I came in at 4 in the afternoon, and no one else was here. I don't understand why the play area is this dirty.  I will not be coming back to this play area, even though it is right next to my house. I will drive to another McDonalds.  Also, I ordered 2 waters and 3 yogurt parfaits, and it took forever. They didn't even have to make anything for me. They were all standing around talking to each other. I do not recommend this place for your kids to enjoy.
Fortunately, I didn't have the pleasure of experiencing the inside but I did however get to hang out with the drive thru crew at McD Union 3185. Not so customer friendly voice promoted me to make a selection and I quickly warmed her heart with my awesomeness and she changed her tune to a more friendlier approach. Strolled around the the corner to the 1st window to pay the "man". 2 gift cards (Only reason I was even here) & a couple bucks later I was prepping my next 10' journey to the 2nd window for this ever so delectable healthy American delicacy. 

Funny story, guy hands me back the empty gift cards & my debit card. I'm in the process of putting them away and he informs me in a very magoo manner that I'll have to go to the next window for my food. So I kindly asked him about napkins & straws. "Next window" So just 1 more for all times sake-ketchup?.... (which I hate and asked at the ordering screen for no ketchup and he says "that's at the next window too". Not really sure if he was catching on with my subtleness but hey, he opened that can of worms.... 

Got that piping hot back of cholesterol and carbonation and I quickly pulled into the parking lot to find out if I won TASTE BUD RUSSIAN ROULETTE & I did!!!! Both me & my little helper got exactly what I ordered. Don't know if its excellent bagger paying attention skills or just dumb luck. Either way I'll take that anyway when you roll the dice at a Mickey D's
I like mcdonalds. My favorites are the cheeseburger or quarter pounder.   I usually feel guilty whenever I eat fast food but the one thing I don't feel guilty about is their sundaes.  My favorite is the caramel.  It takes me back to my childhood when my dad would take us for a treat.  I don't know if it's the memories that make it better but it doesn't matter.  I savor the treat and the memories.
Love the unsweetened tea here...can't beat large for $1...kids love the sweet tea. Slow service here tho.
Good inexpensive giant burrito. I had the carnitas very juicy and tasty. Looks like they have 1.99 breakfast burritos gotta try that next time.
Better than most Taco Del Mar locations.  Not all franchised chains are the same, and the owners here seem to have more pride in their food quality.

Choice of tortillas is a nice way to start the experience, and given that their ingredients are displayed for you (Subway style ordering/preparing) things seem to be quite tidy.  Food quality is above average overall, but significantly better than  other Taco Del Mar locations.

In the past, especially when they first opened, prices were considerably high for this segment of the market. A simple burrito combo with chips, cheese dip & drink was pretty much killing the $10 bills in my pocket.  However, they cut prices last year and it's better now, but still they're on the high side compared to nearby Rubio's, Dos Amigos, and Baja Fresh.

Major downside is the excessive delays during busy times.  Maybe it's a lack of staff, or maybe it's the fault of the business model whereby each customer slowly picks and chooses each and every ingredient in their burrito.  Either way, the line doesn't move fast when it's busy, and a couple times I've had to just leave because it was obvious that I wouldn't get out of there quickly and/or get a seat in the small location.

Visit in the off-peak hours and you'll be fine.  But how often can you do that if you work for a living and have a busy schedule?
Closed this place is closed
I bought a filet-o-fish and asked for a large cup of ice. They charged me $1 for a cup of ice...fail!
Had to use the drive thru, because I was on a road trip with my puppies, and it is just too darn hot in NV to leave them in the car for any reason.  That said, I got an iced coffee and some fries, as that was all I could find on the menu that was vegetarian.  Now I remember why I don't go here.  Then I realized, if I could have only found a Taco Bell, I could have had real food!
The worst mc Donald's in Las Vegas trust me I love here. I been there many times because I use to go to school down the street from there and every single time, every single time, they gave me the wrong order or didn't give me my drink or had to wait 20 minutes for my order. To make it worst the drive thru is not fast by any means either, ur looking at at least 15 minutes over the limit. It's on a busy location but they don't seem to care because the place is always dirty, napkins on the floor and ketchup all over the tables; to make it worse the restrooms are disgusting. If you are hungry don't go here at all, at all!!! No customer service and dirty as hell location
7/12/14 @12:15 had lunch here! Everyone & everything was on point. I've had so many bad experiences at Mc Donalds but for these guys I decided to make a yelp account just for this! Chicken nuggets and fries were perfectly crispy and the whole drive through crew was amazingly nice and they got our order right which is a gigantic plus in my book. Thanks for making our stay in Vegas even better! Going again today! Hehehe
I so have an antenna ball from here!!!

I normally try to stay away from fast food places because in general their locations and quality of food and service suck balls.

Well I only hit this location thru the drive thru usually pretty late after midnight or even later, which is a plus because this is a 24 hour location. 

The only down point of this review..which negated me from giving them the all coveted five stars is that they never seem to have shakes when I go..which sucks...I always go at shake machine cleaning time or something.

In any event the last several times I have gone here, they have aced my order every time the food is presentable and seems to be made pretty fresh, I have become a fan of the Chicken Terraki Bowl Combo and any one of their burgers I especially like the Triple Bacon Cheeseburger Combo with the spicy curly fries.

For a fast food place this particular location seems to have it together, I am sure it has to do with the staff they have right now.

I hope they keep up the good work because it is nice to actually enjoy your food once in a while when you have to eat fast food.
They fucked it up...who ever did what ever and what ever it was it was wrong.
BEWARE DANGER DANGER EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!

Great Cheryl really??!? You must work at this one. I am a fan of Jack don't get me wrong but this location is JACKED UP! Service sucks, food sucks, management sucks, cleanliness sucks. Wow this place really sucks! 

1. They are always out of everything ranch, onions, ketchup, curly fries, coke. WTF Jack. Seriously when I was in high school and worked fast food when you ran out of something you ran to another location and got it! 

2. Don't order the taco's! We all know that Jack makes deliciously greasy cheapo taco's. These at this location are always nasty soaked in grease. When you pick them up grease pours off. Yuck! Also sometimes you get lettuce sometimes you don't. Sometimes you get cheese sometimes you don't. I have even gotten one with cheese and lettuce the other with sauce only. 

3. The workers are always dirty like they have been working all week in the same uniform without cleaning it. 

4. Don't try to special order anything they will mess it up every time. 

I am all for second chances and I have given this location about 22 chances since they are close to my office. But no more I will never go back to this one! Today was the topper, I ordered food and as I was ready to hand over my credit card I see a condom, it appeared to be used, laying on the side of the drive thru window. I pulled my credit card back and drove off!
No matter what anyone has to say about this location of Jack in the Box, I will always have a special fondness for it.  It was put in when I was in my teens.  My Father's corporate offices were nearby.  It was such a delight when they put it in!  I could run across the street and get food that was consistent, hot, and with a decent price. Nobody ever told me not to eat it because it wasn't good for me. I was not well when I was young and I'd eat there because I had to eat something at work.  To this day no matter how sick I am I can put down two tacos and a Jumbo Jack.  I wonder if the grease from the tacos helped build my immune system? I'll go by and check it out.
Ok, it's Jack In The Box.  Guess what people.. it's fast food, so if you go here, expect yummy greasy oily food.  I love the jumbo jacks and the breakfast burritos. 

I havent been sick from eating here, so (knocks on wood) I hope that doesnt happen.  Of course if you eat their tacos at 3AM.. you might get sick.  but damn those are so good. I dont know what's in them, but it's ok.. it still tastes like some form of meat paste. 

Not a fan of their fries too much.  Im still a McDees fry eater.  This place is place is pretty decent. Some of the staff seems like they've worked there for ages.  Very friendly people.
"Uuhh. . . . eight . . . no . . . . uhhhh . . . . ten . . . make it ten  . . . ten tacos . . . "

"Sir. . . how many tacos?" 

(rustling sound with a selection of masculine guffaws and feminine giggling)

"Ok, we've had a recount . . .  uhh. . . . . twelve. . . . twelve tacos. . . "

"Twelve tacos?"

"Yes, twelve . . . twelve tacos. . . "

"Ok your total is $6.78 at the window please pull forward."

"What?"

"Please pull forward."

"Ok."

"Welcome to Jack in the Box, can I take your order please?"

"You just did."


(Long silence)


"So can you pull forward?"


"Oh, I guess."


"Thank you!"

"Hey . . . you still there?"

"Sir, yes. . .  what can I get for you?"


"What time is it?"

(long silence)


"It's 2:40 AM"


"2:40 AM?"


"Yes. Please pull forward.


"Ok.. . . can I get napkins with that?"


"Yes. Please pull forward."


"Ok."
Lately I find myself dropping in this location of Jack in the Box more often than I have in the past.  It's typical fast food so what can you say.  I can say they are pretty efficient and more friendly than the crews at other locations of this same company.  I like that.  Makes the food go down better when the person providing it makes the day just a little nice by being agreeable.

To bad they have to be by that German place where the people work at trying to be the opposite,
I happen to run into the manager of this store when I was doing some shopping.  He is just such a personable guy even when he is not at work!.  We discussed which furniture he should buy.  The crew is a reflection of his attitude.  Even more of a reason to go to this Jack in the Box.  If he reads this, I hope the table worked out.
I'm not really a big fan of JIB in general, but I must say that this one surprised me. The cashiers are always friendly and quick and the manager is always eager to ensure each customer is treated like royalty. The only thing that keeps me from giving it five stars is the disconcerting fact that the restrooms are kept under lock and key...you have to ask the cashier to unlock it.
I've actually stopped here a few times when I have had the mid morning munchies on my route.  Service has always been quick and friendly.
Pros: My best friend was here for a visit from VA, where they don't have this fast food restaurant. She has actual cravings for their tacos. She loved them. I haven't eaten here in over 5 years. Ordered the sourdough breakfast sandwich and split it with my sister. We liked the curly fries. Fast service. 

Cons: My sister disliked the potato wedges. Greasy fast food. I prefer McDonald's fries.
Screwed up a simple to go order. Tried to call the store & got a msg - not taking calls at this time. Called the 800 number, took too long to register the complaint & kept asking the same question. How many times do I have to explain the problem? A few days later I get a call from someone claiming to be responsible for this location. Hard to understand. Basically the resolution was: this is "John", manager there is "Bob" next time you're there ask for "Bob" and he'll make it right. Really?! What if "Bob" isn't there? Do I keep going back until he's there? What if it's 2 - 3 weeks later? will he remember? Unbelievable.
The food is good but poor customer service there the woman that work there always gossiping always forget something in my order all the time one time I had to 3 times back to get the food they forgot to put in my bag  last time order a orange juice the forgot to put it my bag just never went back an I will never go again
Jack in the Box like most fast food restaurant seem to be hit or miss. All while being completely random when that is. 

Some days, very same jack in the box food can be good. With great service.  On other dayss, at the very same jack in the box the food can be nasty and service down right horrible.

Simply put it's a gamble whenever you go. 

This one is no different.  On some days my order is perfect.  Other days, I cant help but wonder if the food I was given had been sitting in the trash bin and it was served up to me.

Service years actually mostly good. That is always a plus. Getting in and out of the drive through is painless and they always have great shakes. 

Seen that things are always random,  you're pretty much going to be gambling when food and service is good and when it not. So you are on your own.
After yet another night of insane Vegas partying - and enjoying alcohol a-flowin' - we got the munchies. Where did we decide to go? When it's late and you want something cheap and easy (insert favorite jokes here), very little tops fast food.

We drove to a random McDonald's with a KFC next door - FYI, there are a LOT of them between the Strip and Red Rock (our hotel). At the drive-thru, we placed an order for large fries and 20 Chicken McNuggets.

When we went to get our food, we were told they were out of large fries - how does that happen??? - and were given hash browns as a substitute. Since it was between three and four in the morning, we didn't press the issue.

Anyway, the McNuggets were piping hot, fed us, and I have no idea what happened to those hash browns. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, right?
I stop here now and then as it's the closest to where I live.  Customer service used to be awful, but ti seems like they've gotten a bit better.  

Today I got a side salad and a shamrock shake.  Everything was A-OK!
I must say that I had a smoothie here when they came out months ago and they are horrible and way too sweet. Sonic has better ones and McD's obviously doesn't use real fruit. Even at midnight, this is not the best sweet tooth option. Wait, there is a positive. Using my 2-1 coupon, I tried the new Strawberry Frozen Lemonade and yes like the commercials indicate it is tart and sweet. These would be a better option to cool you down at $1.59 for a small. The strawberry syrup at the bottom might be the same they use on sundaes, but who knows for sure. McDonald's comes out with new stuff every month, but in the beverage department, frozen lemonade is king.
This place really is hit or miss on the service.

The food: cheap, that's why you go here. Period.

The service: Like I said, on & off. Sometimes they mess up. They're busy.. Cause of that heaven sent dollar menu. Love hate relationship guys.

Updates: They've got smoothies, & I love me some Mango Pineapple. Yum! :D

I would rate only 3 stars, but it keeps the 4th cause it's down the street. 
I know, stupid reason. Well, shut it & write your own review... please. LOL.
My least favorite fast food place but my daughter's favorite so we make the appearance every now and then.  McDonalds has the best kids meals and playplaces so for my seven year old this is a great place.  Love the apple slices and much smaller fry bags for the kids.The sundays are good and the recently added smoothies are great.  Very disappointed in the new popcorn style chicken. It is worse than KFC's popcorn chicken was before they made larger pieces.  In fact, most of my box was just fried coating with little or no chicken.    As fast food places go, I find McDonalds the most consistent in quality and taste.  I love their breakfasts and the chicken nuggets are still the best.  Avoid the angus burgers.  They are not as good as advertized.
Yes...it has come to this.  I only feel compelled to write this review because I work nearby, and I visit this McDonalds at least once a week.  I admit, I am a Dollar Menu addict. Where else can you get reasonably full for less than $5 for lunch. Nevermind the guilt and dangerous chemicals.

Anyway, the set up of the drive through makes for a real pain during peak lunchtime hours. This McDonalds is situated in a busy shopping center, right next to a Starbucks, Del Taco, Albertsons, Bank of America, and other shops. Things get rather congested and hard to maneuver.  However, as McDonalds goes, it is fine. The service is usually friendly and prompt (although the new guy they have in the drive thru is a *tad* too chatty!), and they haven't messed up my order.  Freshness and hotness varies, however.
Good service but drive thru is slow!  When I pick up breakfast for the office- this is usu the place- but just to warn every1, I think going in is faster- but if you have a big order, you may get the stink eye from the other customers- just pretend to read the newspaper- or cont yelping to avoid eye contact!
They didn't even deserve the 1 star I gave them. We went to this McDonalds and ordered some food. The food was good but I had some power tripping Mgr. Tell me and my son that we couldn't fill my Starbucks cup up with water....when I asked why she said because of cross contamination.....( now keep in mind this is a self service soda  machine) so that argument doesn't really fly since everybody using the machine is cross contaminating it.  This women poked my hand out of the way.....I'm like really women.....I left....and she says in a sarcastic tone....God bless you....I'm like he already has.... Get a life women!
This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to by far. I cannot think of enough bad things to say about their service.
The Food is standard McDonald's fair, but, they did not give us our drinks with creamer, our order was wrong, the food oatmeal came without enough spoons for the orders count, we had to go back 3 times for all sorts of condiments, and they dish em out reservedly like their lives depend on it.
They do not seem to understand foreign accents and this is Las Vegas, seriously, if you are going to run a shop in a tourist town, you might as well be prepared for it.
Maybe it's just me, but it seems like the staff at this location isn't all that friendly.
I've been through in on a number of occasions and have never had a problem.

Food is typical Mcdonalds and it's always hot so nothing to complain about here. The drive through is usually fast. 

As for whether or not the staff is friendly, I usually go here early in the morning, so I really don't care. I'm not friendly myself in the morning LOL     So as long as my order arrives promptly and they don't talk much and my coffee is hot  I'm good with it.
About as average as your local McDonald's can be.  This one is right up middle alley, not great but not spectacular either.  I just find it surprising the skinny-richie-constant work-outie people up here in Summerlin keep this place busy!  I mean literally not even a block away is Lifetime Fitness!  That place is hardcore.

Food = OK.  Service = OK.  Fast and efficient as a colonoscopy.  Really nothing of greatness at this McDonald's.  Really run of the mill.  We often visit this location if we are staying in the nearby Red Rock Casino.  Although I would suppose this location stays steadily busy is in part because of the tourists that stay at the Red Rock as well and want cheap eats while on vacation.  Gotta make up for all those lost wages!

Newest thing at McDonald's is their health-conscious Egg White 'Delight' McMuffin.  Definitely a healthier take on their breakfast menu.  And yes, I fell for that damn $1 coupon conveniently stuck to my McDonald's bag and tried one.  Myself being a bit of a health nut can't complain.  This egg white creation is pretty tasty.  Grilled egg whites, Canadian bacon (eh?), and white cheddar all on a toasted English muffin?  All for only 250 calories?  Yeah for a dollar I really liked it.  But at the regular price of almost $3?  I would have probably passed.  With coupon for $1 and a $1 coffee it made for a nice meal on the small scale of economy.  I almost, ALMOST, added a $1 hash brown.  Luckily I passed and decided to save my money & calories for later.

Other than that, I think majority of people around the world know what McDonald's offers on their menu.  If you don't, dang, you must be living under a rock?  Or possibly a place where there is no McDonald's within your vicinity (like under a rock).
Came to this McDonald's Friday, 7/5/13, forgot to check in though, lol!! 

Anyways, McDonalds is suppose to be a family joint right?!, especially when they have the playland, well how is it that this place, knowing people come with kids off all ages, NOT have a changing table in the restroom???? Unbelievable!! 

I will say though at least this place is clean and nice but what I dont like is that they dont have a ketchup dispenser they just have ketchup packets, I personally don't like that all.
This is the 2nd closest McDs to my house. The closest one is so inconsistent that I come to this one more often. The drive thru can be long  and they often run out of cinnamon melts but the food is at least the way I ordered it and hot when I get it. The inside is clean and a mad house during breakfast time. All in all a decent location.
Be careful!  I ordered an iced drink @ the drive thru.  The guy @ the second window never said hi or thanks.  I thought my drink was just wet on the outside.   Within minutes my  plastic cup was sticky.  By the time I got home my hands were sticky as well as my steering wheel, shifter, window controls.  It was a lot of work getting myself & the car cleaned.  
I called the local office.  All she said was that she was sorry & she would tell them to wipe off the glasses.  She did not offer to have a manager call me &/or send me a gift card.
I emailed corporate.  All I have received is a form email  back.  It's been 5 days.  I think I will stick w/iced-tea lemonades @ Coffee Beans & Tea Leaves.  Bye MacDonald's!
Micky D's should all be the same, but this one in the 10 plus year I've been going there has about the most stand offish unfriendly people ever. It starts from the top so I guess the owners just don't care if there employees are unfriendly.
Seriously, this probably was the least friendly McDonald's ever.  Other than asking for our order, which was 3 coffees, they didn't say anything to us when we went to the drive-thru window or when we picked up the coffees.  Not one word.  We said thank you at each window.

Will not go back to this McDonald's for anything.
yuck.......Is it me or has McDonalds food gotten smaller & grosser?
I saw they had the McRib making a limited time comeback so I was feeling all nostalgic and thought I'd give it a go.

Big mistake..worse than any school lunch pork patty-by the 3rd bite I was already nauseous. How does McDonalds stay open the food is sooo terrible and its not even cheap anymore.

Do quality food establishment have to have a drive-thru because people have gotten so lazy they will eat any damn thing as long as they don't have to get off their asses to do it.
cara is best!!!!!
Waiting 10 minutes, still haven't gotten my order, I thought this was supposed to be fast food?
I needed to male a quick stop for a drink before going to a show late last night.  I stopped here, and it was quick and easy.  i was in an out in no time at all.

Very efficient staff.  It was 11:15 PM, so there weren't many customers.  Still service was great!
I ordered two double cheeseburgers. When I got home, I found that the burger had no cheese, nor onions, ketchup, or pickles. Confused, I looked back at the receipt and it said two double cheeseburgers with no specifications and they charged me full price! Never going here again.
I can't believe no one has mentioned the African decor in this McDonald's.  It's different and wacky and I kind of love it.  Star!

Stopped here because Boy needed to use bathroom right away.  Bathroom clean.  Star!

Manager kind of reminds me of my nephew. Star!

Boy wanted Cookies 'n Cream ice cream.  Ordered McFlurry with Oreos.  Star!

Boy having fun in Playland.  Star!

Dude sleeping in corner with head on table.  Negative star.

Other than that, it's McDonald's, so what do you expect?

I haven't eaten at a McDonald's in a long time, so I was kind of surprised how hard it is to read the menu.  What with all the new menu options and having to show calories and pictures, there is too much info to fit on the board.  I felt like I needed to sit down with a paper menu to take it all in.
If Pirates took over your school cafeteria and gave you a choice to walk the plank or eat their fish & chips, better put on your swim trunks and practice your backstroke.

This was the worst excuse for food I have had in a long time. The fish was square frozen patties that didn't even have a Mrs. Smiths nostalgic taste to them. Instead it reminded me of the movie Soylent Green where the people ate the equivalent of vitamin and protein filled Power Bars. No flavor, no texture, just something to eat because there wasn't anything else. Even their special Pirate Dipping Sauce can only be described as "red."

It's not the end of the world yet, and there are a lot of better tasting things out there to spend your $5 on.
I tried the shrimp and chips and they were tasty.  The shrimp was a little salty, but with the dipping sauce they tasted fine.  I liked the "chips" a lot.  After reading the other review I'm nervous to try the fish and chips.
I am in total agreement with Lily A.  This was one of the worst meals we have ever had.  An article in the AZ Republic quoted the owner as saying that this "food goes down pretty well with the university crowd."  God...I hope they spend their money on beer instead.  I think even grade school cafeterias don't serve this kind of dreck anymore. The fomerly frozen, poured-out-of-a-giant-bag fish was about 1/4" thick and tasteless.  They charge $1.55 for an extra piece.  It's worth maybe 50 cents if you happen to find 2 quarters in your car's ashtray.The small handful of fries was cold, limp and shriveled--maybe the owner can invest in a heat lamp with all the money he is saving on buying cheap, glorified fish sticks. And they charge extra for tartar sauce.  The meal came with 2 red mystery sauces that remained unopened and were dumped in the garbage.  How about giving the customer a choice of 1 sauce and not charging them for it?
Decor was drab, tables were dirty and there was food stuck in the cushions of the booth along the wall. Yuk!! I live in the neighborhood and I say never again!
WONDERFUL!!! Best shrimp and fish tacos... We were there sat 10/3/09. The food was great everyone loved the food (hubby, daughters 10 9 4 and son 2)  The customer service was exceptional which I dont see often. I did see several people just take a look inside then walk off but u cant judge a book by its cover! We will definately eat there again often and soon!
I can't say if Pirate's Fish and Chips was good or bad because it was so unforgettable which to me means it must not have been very good. I never forget a tasty fried food. I went there a while ago and was just not that impressed.  It was okay but no better than Long John Silver's, which isn't saying much.
I never thought Sonic would come to freezing Wisconsin after seeing all the cute little car hop A&W's fade away... I'm Stoked Sonic rocks as far as fast food is concerned! 

Reasons to check out Sonic:

If you don't like their 2-4 Happy Hour Drink Special there's something wrong!  The drinks there are super yummy. 

Breakfast all day long! 

Fast & Friendly Service. There's just something cool about seeing workers on roller skates bring food to me. 

Chili Cheese Frito Wrap???  LOL... Im still decided about that one.. 

All and all I am happy to review good old Sonic..  I just hope they don't put up too many around the area... then its not going to be so special anymore.  

Have a Super Sonic Day!
If you like fast food, you will love Sonic.  If you like eating in your car and having the stench of grease linger for days, you will also love Sonic.  I love comfort food as much as the next person, but the food here is too greasy and bland to make me want to recline my seat and dribble ketchup all over the upholstery.  The food I've had at Sonic has been cold and tasteless, though it was at least served to me with a smile.  The coffee is the stuff you get from a cappuccino machine at a gas station.  The only reason I'll return is to add a few vodka nips to a cherry lemonade slush, and that won't be until the temperature reaches at least 50.
The service and food was ok considering it was their second week open for business in an area that has no other Sonic's for 200 miles - it was hectic, but the staff kept their cool. I love being able to sit in the car - although not too often. The food was ok. I had a chicken bacon wrap with a dr. pepper.
I am only giving this Sonic 2 stars because their strawberry lemonade slushie is the perfect mix with a few shots of vodka (as past reviewer mentioned). However, without the liquor their drinks even suck. You mostly get slush and not that much flavoring. So, if you're ordering a large you'll probably have half a cup left of just plain slush. This bugs me. If you're going to buy a drink at least buy it from 2-4 when their half price..

Everything else, including their food is a severe disappointment if I ever seen one. I know it's fast food, but come on. Even McDonald's isn't this bad and I hate that place too. Like past reviewers said, the food is pretty much tasteless and bland. They have a dollar menu so if you're thinking about buying food please buy off that. Do not pay regular prices for what I would describe as pretty much nothing. I can't believe I actually ate their food more than once. Blahh.
First of all, if I could give a rating solely based on Limeade, this place would be four stars....but alas, I cannot.

The food here is ridiculously bad. Yep. That's all I can say about that.

BUT, the beverages are great(and half price between 2-4 EVERY DAY), and the frozen treats are good too. A buck for a soft serve cone? Yes please! I recently ordered a Coconut Cream Pie Shake, and almost went into sugar shock. Good, but holy crap! 


So, in review: Sonic is a great place to grab a Happy Hour beverage or a sweet treat, but save your food dollars(and your car upholstery) and eat a real meal!
I was really excited when I heard Madison finally had a Sonic. I had never been before, but had always seen the ads for it on tv and thought their food looked good. I was very disappointed. There are only a limited amount of meals you can chose from. I got the crispy chicken sandwich and it tasted so bland. The onion rings and jalapeno poppers were bland too. The strawberry slushy was ok. The ocean water was ok. Needless to say not only was the food bland and disappointing, but normally I never get stomach aches and after eating there I felt sick.
Ohhhh man I am not loving Sonic anymore..  the newness has worn way off... 

 Although the drinks are the Shit... U can't argue about that!
The girl serving me didn't know the difference between a shake and a malt. When I ordered a malt and got a shake, I let her know and then got an attitude from her. I just got a refund at that point and went to Culver's.
Sonic is always something exciting for me whenever traveling because it is like that rare, endangered species of bird that you do not see in your own homeland. You have found it's feather before, but you cannot recall the last time you actually saw one.

Well this time, we were DETERMINED to track this rare beast down ... and track we did! 

Once we caught it, the result was mixed to say the least. It was good! ... just not great.

But that didn't matter. It was the allure of finding this gem of a lunch stop with it's beautful plumes of cherry limeades, ocean water and chicago dogs that did matter. It was the excitement of ordering through a little intercom then, voila!, food appears! It was that, that made this experience worth having.
Why are all the other Yelpers getting down on this Sonic location? It's not so bad.

Service is slower than any Sonic anywhere else in the world. And sometimes it lacks a smile. But it's Sonic. Amazingly yummy slushes, crunchable ice, tasty sundaes, amazing tatertots, and the rest of the menu (as it is at ALL Sonics) is passable. That's just how they roll.
We tried this place once because of all the buzz about it and it looked like a fun place and brought back memories of the old A and W restaurants of our childhood.  
Boy were we disappointed.
The food served here is total junk.  As in junk, junk food.  I wouldn't recommend this place to a homeless person.
Wonder bread buns, el cheapo hot dogs, rats ass chili sauce.  This place has found food from every one of my most unpleasant memories of CHEAP junk food and put them all on their menu.  God save us all.
This Sonic had good food (for a Sonic) but service was very slow.

Be advised that they use fake whipped cream as a topping on their shakes and (presumably) ice cream.
Ok - so I like the feel of this place, but overall quality is just ok.  

It is a good place to get a hot dog and some tater tots.  Who does not love tater tots?  The location is a bit off, just tucked into a semi-residential/strip mall area.  I love tater tots and I love that when I get my food here it is hot and delicious.  

I wish they had more of a variety but this is a chain after all.  If you sign up for emails, you always get notifications of coupon and deals.  They have special everyday and happy hours for appetizers.  

Try it out for a quit meal when you are out and about.
Typical fast food but with hot dogs and other crap....  Nothing special...  I don't want to eat in my car...  Not worth the time / effort to visit this place.
I dont eat fast food. However. I consume diet coke, coffee, and diet cherry limeades like its my job. This evening I went for a ride and found myself parched. So. Diet cherry limeade it was. I told the pleasant drive through attendant my order and pulled behind 2 other cars waiting for their order ahead of me.

I had a long day and needed to zone out (hence the planned drive). 23 minutes later it dawned on me. I HAD BEEN SITTING IN LINE FOR 23 MINUTES FOR A CHERRY LIMEADE.

So no.
Just...
No. 

For a Monday night at 10 pm, come on. What in the....
Sorry... drive-thru service is way too slow when there doesn't look like there's any business at all.. the speaker wasn't working so we had to the window to order & wait for the food... could've offered free small drinks for the inconvenience... we could have driven away thinking they weren't open. Haven't back since...
How hard is it to understand that I want a regular #1 burger with mustard?   The options are mustard, mayo, or ketchup.   I selected mustard and guess what?  that is all I got on my burger.  Seems like there is some training needed at this establishment. I have been to Sonic establishments all over the southeast and have never had an issue.  This is the second time I have had an issue with this place and will not be back.
1/2 price shakes after 8pm real fruit slushes are awesome!! Quick service hamburgers look good!!
Marketing-only:  greenwash and healthy-washed, really just a lackluster meal with a hefty pricetag that isn't that green or healthy.  Styrofoam cup anyone???
I went in with two other guys and noticed that the name of the place is actually Fresh 'n Fast now. There were just a handful of people despite it being lunch time. I ended up ordering the black bean burger and a fruit cup. The place might have fresh food, but it certainly was not fast. The black bean burger was pretty tasty though. It was a little spicy, which was a nice twist.

The fruit cup included watermelon, cantaloupe, pineapple, and strawberries. All but the strawberries were good.
I've been spoiled with good healthy foods in health freak Los Angeles.

This place is good, but it's just that A-OK. I mean I feel like if this was fantastic food for this price then people would maybe realize fresh, healthy is very tasty and can be fast foods and it would be a hit. I like it but getting a combo is like $10-12 and I dont see how this will work for just good enough to satisfy people looking for good food and don't really care if it's healthy or not. Healthy food goers- probably find this place wonderful though as it's slim pickins in this town. 

I enjoy their airbaked fries and chicken. I like that they have flavored ketchup. Their black bean and turkey burgers are good. Their smoothies are good and its not as fatty as a smoothie at the usual places.

3.5 stars
I know this place isn't authentic, but the Orange Chicken is pretty darn good. Also, the staff here is friendly and the location is clean. I don't love the prices, but it's fast and convenient. They also have this Peach Green Tea that is freakin' tasty. I think I refilled my cup like 3 times.
I am a fan of Panda Express. Just like the majority of Panda Express restaurants I have been to, the service was good. They filled up my plate (sometimes Panda Express does not fill up the plate). And the food was of the quality I expect from Panda Express.
  The only negative is that it seems that they discontinued serving soup.
This is as good as it gets for assembly line fast Chinese food.  The food is tasty however the portions are deceiving.  They fill your dish with rice or chow mein and pile on your entree which never has much protein in it.  I love the chicken with string beans and the pepper chicken but you get very little chicken and mostly vegetables.  Prices are too high for the portion size you get.  I do continue to eat here once every few months,
It's a typical Panda Express, but the plus is that they have a drive-thru. I'm not typically a fan of Panda Express, but I was in a rush and I was hungry, so I sped through the drive through and it's quick and pretty good if you're on the run.
panda panda panda...... what can i say, i love the fact that they are fast and always fresh. this is not really authentic chinese food but when u are in a hurry and need to get your fix in for chinese this will do....
Love this location because the employees know how to fill the plate and make sure you get what you pay for -- no skimpy portions here! The food is typical Panda fare but it's usually pretty fresh as they cook all day long. The employees are friendly and there's a drive-thru which is super nice. And the bathrooms and dining room are clean. No complaints.
When it comes to chinse fast food panda express is the best! This location is no stranger to great service and awesome flavor! 

I have been to multiple pandas as it is my all time faviort fast food place and I have to say that the service is not always the best. sometimes they are always in a hurry and just want to push you threw the line. Not here!!!

The crew was fast, friendly and all the food was fresh. We had to wait for the orange chicken but ussally when this happens we wait at least 10 min. But these guys were on it!! 

You will not be disappointed with this lands. They even have a drive thru!
Always Fresh with Great Attentive Service
This was my first time to a Panda, so I do not have the menu memorized. I guess I should have studied ahead, because if you look around or try to read the board, you cease to exist. 

When I walked in, I was the only customer. The lady behind the counter offered me a sample and I took it. As I put it in my mouth, I moved down the food case to see what they had. 

Just as I got ready to place my order, a blonde woman walked in behind me. The employee asked if she wanted a sample. Blondie said no and proceeded to order FOR FIVE PEOPLE. 

Now, common courtesy (or one hour of customer service training) would have dictated the clerk say something like, "Excuse me, let me get this person's order first, as she was here before you." Instead, she looked right through me and proceeded to fill all five orders while I stood there looking like a dope. 

Someone from the back came up to ask me if I had been helped. I told her I got a sample and then the other woman cut in front of me, so, no, I was still waiting for service. She said, "OK." and returned to the back without offering to help me. 

Miss Clorox was still building her order, so I went to the bathroom. When I came back, she was STILL ordering while the clerk filled to-go box after box full of food and stacked them into bags. 

I stood there and watched the drive-through people scamper around for a bit, then decided I'd just leave. As I turned to go, the lady from the back came up again, rolled her eyes like, "Oh, you're still here," and asked if mine was to go. I was so excited to be visible again that I went ahead and ordered. 

I got the vegetables and the walnut shrimp. No, I didn't want rice. No, I didn't want egg rolls. No, I didn't want cookies. No, I didn't want those fried wonton thingies. No, I didn't want another entree.  I guess I didn't order enough, because she kept trying to sell me something. She finally talked me into getting some iced tea.

Sat down. Ate. Wish I'd left. It's basically pseudo Chinese-McDonalds. Not worth the effort. Oh yeah, and there were no towels in the bathroom. Fail.
Service was bad, we could tell that the food was not fresh and when we asked for fresh they acted as if it was a chore. Not happy with the service, but it was clean.
This is your average experience when talking about fast chinese food.  Although this particular place does usually have fresh food.
    My biggest ding?  How they skimp out on the entrees.  Most times you have to tell your server, "Umm can you give a lil more?"  I'm a big fella, but seriously when I don't ask I'll get 3 pieces of beef and few broccoli if don't give a heads up.  Makes you ponder sometimes if they get the beef from the servers' family farms lol... that goes for any entree you get btw.  Aside from the lack of food this place ain't bad.  It's not good, but it's not bad.  Their best entree by far is their honey walnut shrimp so get that (4 of 5).
    Oh yeahhhh, my other pet peeve why do they play traditional Chinese music for God's sake?  It's not like Taco Bell plays regional Mexican music... just saying...
I always go here! Its fast, the food is great. The price is decent! I love the chinese food! Especially the orange chicken. Gotta have that to complete your meal! Im surprised that they started to sell steamed brown rice which is healthy because its good for you!
always a big fan of panda
Waited for 12 freaking Minutes in drive thru from the time i ordered for the kids meal version of the terriyaki chicken. If it wasnt for my child who is limited to certain foods because of allergies, i wouldve just drove away without getting anything even though i paid. Not that anyone from this business will see this anyway. One star because i cant choose zero
I came in with my boyfriend because we were craving Asian and this is sadly the only place I know of that's decent without getting food poisoning.

The fried rice was bland, no flavor.  I tried the cod they had and I actually liked it. Still went with  sweet fire (spicy sweet & sour) chicken and grilled teriyaki chicken. It was really good but I would of been happier if they had sweet and sour chicken that's my favorite. We've come here twice and both times have been good experiences. Just wish it was slightly better the food didn't seem flavorful it was just OK.  Very clean restruant however.
The worst service.. Just went in to get some take out.. The cashier young uninterested asian female, was not listening to what we were ordering, she seemed annoyed because we wanted potstickers not ragoon! Never again!
Basically,  I went in for a quick take out and I got more than that, I got the worst customer service I have ever experienced.  There was only one person behind the counter and she was assisting a large order.  There were two other employees but they were socializing with people in the dining area.  I stood there and waited five minuted to be served.  

Once served, the lady basically disregarded everything I said.  She stacked the food on top of itself so the sweet fire chicken was covered with the green bean chicken.  She scraped the bottom of the pan instead of getting the new tray behind her.  I pointed out the new tray behind her, she looked at it and continued to scrape the bottom of the tray to get every last ounce out.  God forbid I get any fresh food.  I stood and waited because I wanted pot stickers, she walked by and rung me up and seemed disturbed when I said I was still ordering.  By the way, got no pot sticker sauce but that's no surprise.  She rang me up and as I paid another employee yelled something at her to the extent of "I guess you are in charge now."  She rolled her eyes and went back to providing me with no customer service. 

Stay away at all costs. No customer service to speak of. 

It was funny because the Cafe Rio near this Panda was packed and I didn't have time to wait.  Next time I will wait at Cafe Rio.
I got "Jacked" at this Jack in the Box! Food is standard Jack fare but the service is slower than a Wisconsin snowbird. Only  fast food joint in North Scottsdale, though fast in category only. Oh, and don't plan on going in after 9:30 as they lock it up early.
Was in the area to meet someone and thought I would be able to find a quick bite to eat.....little did I know that this area is like BFE and that there's not much to choose from.  Luckily, I saw the good ol' standby when in a pinch....JITB.  I ordered:

Turkey Bacon Cheddar Sandwich, $4.19
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Rq6WYcNMX8VZohD89LGWaQ?select=USHwj6fMp951mItyKyn0mA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Rq6WYcNMX8VZohD89LGWaQ?select=yNz93hcyNATY5XLlNlQcXQ

Big Cheeseburger, $1.29
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Rq6WYcNMX8VZohD89LGWaQ?select=B9ffEfEnx60oWFPx80_uKw

This was my 1st time trying the Turkey Bacon Cheddar.....thought I would try something "healthier" for a change....umm, not!  The Sandwich was pretty tasty, but damn was it greasy or buttery.....whatever, I felt really guilty after eating that thing.

The Big Cheeseburger was ok....it's my staple grub at JITB.

Overall, the joint was fast and food was cheap.  Not bad.

Return Factor - 50%
The staff treated me okay.  There was a manager that served me breakfast who was WAY chipper for being there so early, but that is kind of a good thing I suppose.  Never been a big fan of JIB's burgers but I like their breakfasts.  Used to be a fan of the Chicken Fajita Pita ... Might I may have to try that again soon when I get a new job.....
Very friendly staff, or a fast food place-- their customer service and friendliness is unmatched.. I go more often than not simply because of the experience every time! Thanks Micky!
late-night party people on kebab quests high-tail it here for what many say is the best turkish kebab in town. order the large-size doner kebab and you'll have to eat it with a fork. i dare you to try to pick it up. and i dare you to try to get more than a couple of napkins out of the them even though you'll need about 20. this place is good, and it may well be really good when you're drunk, but i've had much better kebabs.
Simply put - my favourite kebab in Edinburgh.  I shopped around for kebabs for months when I moved there, and aside from being in a great location, Cappadocia nailed the kebab on every level.  I can't speak for the rest of their food, but the kebabs are outstanding.

Price is a bit above average for a kebab place, but the portions, even for a small, are pretty substantial.
A lot of people really highly reccomend this Kebab House. In fact, I even had a friend who claimed he would eat one of Cappadocia's kebabs sober, they were that good.

Having come here after a night out, I wasnt suprised to find Cappadocia full of others clamouring to get a huge kebab which seems to me all they do at Cappadocia - I heard the girl in front of me being told that they had nothing else other than kebab, despite a whole list of things being advertised. 

When I did get my kebab i was hugely dissapointed - there was faaar too much sauce, even though i had specified just a little bit, and the kebab generally was so greasy after a few moments of eating it my hands felt disgusting and my mouth even more so. Now I know at this point many of you will think that all kebabs are like this, but I wish to point out that I have had much better kebabs in my student life time that came from places with far less of a reputation for quality than this, as cappadocia's kebabs seemed somewhat tastless behind the lashings of unwanted sauce.

A disapointment, greasy and rather tastless.
Cappadocia is perhaps not my favourite kebab place, but it definitely does the trick if you fancy food after a night out. 

Situated just around the corner from the University students playground, George Square, Cappadocia is in a great location for students to go for their lunch or dinner. 

Cappadocia definitely specialises in kebabs, but they also serve pizzas, burgers and chips which is more up my alley. I have come here several times for a burger and chips, which filled a hole, but it isn't the greatest fast food place in the area.  I find their burgers to be really greasy and thin with just one tiny piece of lettuce in the bun which is somehow meant to constitute a salad. I was quite disappointed with their chips too as they had clearly come straight out of a packet from the freezer and some weren't properly cooked - not great. 

There are a few tables and chairs to eat inside, but most people order their meal to takeaway. A student discount is available which is helpful and there is also a home delivery service on offer which is highly handy. 

Cappadocia stay open till late so it is an option to go to for food on your way home from a night out, but perhaps only if you are truly desperate.
if you're emerging from the portals of a drinking establishment in the Grassmarket or the Old Town late at night, it's safe to say that the bright lights and the spicy scent of Cappadocia will always be a safe bet for your alcohol induced munchies.

If kebabs are essential eating for you to stave off a hangover, then you've come to the right place. Cappadocia specialises in this swirling, 2AM delicacy, so if you're partial to a good doner or chicken kebab of a Saturday night, then you shouldn't be too disappointed. 

I'm less of a kebab enthusiast, and more of a chips heaped with big piles of cheese lady. Or not, as I suppose heaping chips and cheese down your chops in the middle of the street isn't the most ladylike of activities. I've tried chips and cheese from most city centre located takeaways in Edinburgh, and the version supplied here is decent enough. Burgers, other chip options, pizza, and most other food items you would expect from a takeaway are served here too.
I've only ever been to Cappadocia after nights out, so I wouldn't like to put it down too much.  However, I'm fairly sure it's not the best kebab house.  I remember asking the guy behind the counter for chips and curry sauce several times and getting told repeatedly that they don't do that.  Fair enough.  So I went for the house doner which took a pretty long time to arrive and cost about 3.  When I finally got tucked in it seemed to take forever to eat.  The meat itself tasted fine, but the pita bread was so dry and big.  The chilli sauce and mayonnaise which it came with were both tasty, but there just wasn't enough to help with getting the damn bread down the hatch!  
I come here about once a month and I'll probably come again, but I just prefer other places for the post-club munchies.
Kebabs, that wonderful post-drinking polystyrene box of shame that is so wrong but sooooo right. And in fact, it doesn't have to always be post-drinking (although that is when they taste best). Sometimes it can simply be a late dinner, when the autumn nights have set in and it's dark and raining and you have The Hunger.

So on one of these nights, when The Hunger had settled in and even the 5 minute walk home to make my own tea seemed too great a feat, Cappadocia was there in all it's yellow-painted glory. 5 for a kebab, with free chips, I was promised.

And that's exactly what I got. Chicken kebab, in a toasted pitta with salad and chips on the side. And good lord that chicken kebab just didn't stop. Just when I thought it was done and I'd eaten all the chicken, a whole other layer emerged from no where. Mo' chicken!

It was around 9pm on a Tuesday and the staff were warm and smiling and friendly. It was exactly as you'd expect a (good) kebab shop to be. Relatively speaking, for kebabs, the meat was good and after eating it, whilst I did have a wee food baby, I didn't feel overly full or yucky in anyway later that evening.

I wouldn't say my *favourite* kebab and nor would I say make a pilgrimage across town to get one (there are a few places in Edinburgh that are on that list) but in terms of good value for money, in a student-area that's saturated with kebab shops, Cappadocia is the best of the bunch and really, really good value.
A fair place for a huge kebab.

My intention, when I was arriving to Edinburgh, was to have a full immersion in the Scottish kitchen, but changing my mind was an easy task, when starving was the only alternative.
After a delay of my flight in London Gatwick (my traveling experience with British Airways was a real "meh") I arrived late in Edinburgh. All the other eateries in the area were closed, so I decided to try their kebab. 

The waiters were very busy. I was the only customer, but they were committed with cleaning and washing and storing everything, before closing. I opted for a simple doner (lamb) kebab with every topping, to make the preparation as easy and quick as possible. 
I was considering to take the kebab away and eat it along the way back to my b&b, but when I had the package in my hands I had to look for a place to put it on. It was huge!

Not a memorable kebab (my memories go only to one I had in Germany and one in Greece), but a fair meal. 
Despite feeling a little bit guilty, because I was occupying some space they had to clean, I ate as much as possible of the dish, but I wasn't able to complete even half of my mission.

Very good for hungry people!
a tasty pasty, ideal grab-n'-go grub  in edinburgh's pleasantly manageable airport. then again, the oversized VW surf van and comfortable seating area beckon you to stay and while away the time before, between or after your flights.
It's a long way to go for a pasty I know but the West Cornwall Pasty Co serve the best pasties in town!

Located on the first floor of Edinburgh Airport in the Landside Food Court, the company run their Edinburgh outlet from a large converted camper van with a coffee machine, oven and fridge freezer. Handmade by bakers, they're cooked to golden brown and come in a variety of mouthwatering flavours from steak & ale and chicken & mushroom to pork & apple and cheese & bacon. Whilst I appreciate the gourmet flavours, I have to admit I usually settle for a traditional pasty and cup of sugary tea. 

Pasty virgins should note: it's easy to burn your mouth with the filling. Be careful as you take your first few bites or live to regret it.
I have exceptionally fond memories of late-night visits to Edinburgh Airport not long ago, which I'll witter on about in my review of the airport itself. Having done several all-nighters there, stuck playing mini-golf and the awful Big Buck Hunter at the arcades, the 5am opening of this van / cafe / takeaway would often be a welcome distraction.

The prices will raise more than an eyebrow, but when you've had sod all to eat for 5 hours, their Cumberland sausage and bacon breakfast roll provides what can only be described as pure satisfaction. With the chain oddly absent from Edinburgh Waverley Station, it's the only place on the East Coast to enjoy this treat, as far as I know.
There are any number of places in Edinburgh that serve wrapped flat breads with various fillings, in fact I'd never really considered them as a meal option before I moved to Edinburgh.

Khartoum Cafe certainly stands out, this is partly due to its bright yellow decor and partly due to the vast amounts of filling choices there are. According to another review there are 21, I'll be honest and confess I've never counted!

The yellow walls and cheery staff make this a really nice place to get away from the greyness of Edinburgh and the food is great too!

As well as wraps you can get soup which is hot, fresh and a perfect winter warmer.

There are some seats inside but lunchtimes can be busy so either get there early or get food to go.... and enjoy!
It's like the Nile Valley but on the other end of town. A brilliant little North African lunch time wrap treat. To be honest, every time I go I always get the spicy chicken, which is invariably delicious (that's why I always get it). Home-made spicy sauce, fresh salad, grilled chicken, in a khubz bread (try making khubz bread, it's really easy and a much tastier alternative to Hovis). 

They have a great selection here too, not just spicy chicken. The falafel is tasty (I tried my mate's) and the baba ghanoush is especially great. Not expensive either. Well worth a look if you fancy something a bit different for lunch and you're on the other side of town.
Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

These wraps are giagantic and full of tasty tasty goodness.  
When I'm feeling extra energetic I make the trek down to Khartoum Cafe and everyone in my office puts in an order.

As I said, yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
OK I'm a massive Nile Valley fan (for lunch) and love their wraps, so this is the basis on which I write my review - as a comparison...

So I've just nipped out starving thinking I'm gonna give this place a go, ordered a spicy chicken and aubergine wrap (as is customary) and then power walked home for the tasting... Chicken overcooked, lettuce limp, tomatoes just mush and something, though I'm not sure what, was off... Gross. A result of not enough customers so food just sits there but this is not a good way to get more through the doors. Sorry Khartoum, but that was baaaaaaaaaad. Can someone else go and check this out please?! Could just be a bad day but I'm not risking a second trip...
After devouring a delicious wrap from this place. They had no spicy chicken left so I just asked the guy to make any delicious wrap. All the ingredients are so fresh and the base sauce is lovely in tangy. If your looking for some lunch this place is a perfect place for a great wrap
I live in Glasgow and I keep on asking the owner to move West but he would not.
That is a shame for me because they have the BEST FALAFELS IN UK. They are freshly made in the back of the shops as well as the wraps. Everything tastes amazing.
Also have you tried the juices? Fresh lime, Mint and cardamom seeds? UNBELIEVABLY TASTY!!!!
3 for $3 Deal rocks as do the new drinks, I loved the 50/50, half lemonade, half iced tea.  The husband enjoyed his cherry lemonade too.  Watch out though they do charge an extra $.50 cents per hot dog to add cheese.  This was a great little snack after a long tough day of outlet shopping.  Oh and their fries are right up there with McDonalds, Yum!
These hot dogs are awesome, and at an awesome price too! I got the number 1 that had two chili dogs, a drink (pepsi) and french fries for $5. The hot dogs are nice and juicy and the chili is good too. You simply just cannot go wrong when you eat here. I am always looking forward to going to Vegas just to eat my Weinerschnitzel before I go back home. They don't only have hot dogs, but they have burgers and other things too. I think that their food is great and wish they had one here in Hawai.
It's a great place to stop by if you are in town and looking for a quick bite, either before or after you go shopping at the adjacent mall.

Parking can be tight around lunch time & requires a little bit of prowling the lot.

Prices are reasonable, service is quick & there are some interesting drinks available. What's not to iike?!

Definitely gonna keep an eye out for one of these on future trips when I'm looking for a quick bite to eat.
Owners were very cool after our order got mixed up.  Thanks for
Great service you usually don't see that in a fast food place.
I wouldn't normally consider Quizno's to be comfort food, but there's something comforting about having a sandwich here before boarding my flight home to Atlanta.  There are lots of other options for food on this concourse and I always bypass them all for a sub.

It's unfortunate that you pay a premium for eating in the airport.  A regular combo costs more than $10. Sometimes I guess it's worth it, though. Especially when it makes you feel sooo good inside.
This place is great for a quick meal before boarding to leave Vegas.  They have a tuna sub, which I appreciated since I don't eat meat, only seafood.  Service was quick, they got my order right.  Downgrade one star is for inflated airport prices.  Highly recommend.
This was a Quizno's @ the McCarren International airport in Las Vegas. Extremely nasty place...I could not even eat half of my sandwich. Everything was falling out of it. Also, they didn't have everything on the menu that Quiznos usually has to offer. Waste of money and stomach space for food!!!!
As of Feb 2014, all prices at this airport location have gone up by at least 30% across the board. $11 for a dinky 7.5 inch Quiznos sub? No thanks. Very disappointing!

I used to always grab a chili and a sandwich from here for non meal service flights, but I refuse to support the new price gouging going on here. There's even a new handwritten sign above the soda fountain that reads "Refills are 85 cents". Come on, man!
Even though I was nursing a hangover and in need of crappy, greasy food, this was a letdown!  First off service was so slow and the cashier was utterly lackadaisical in her attitude.  Oh well, what did I really expect...
Not bad. Pan pizzas weren't cut all the way through, and of course no knives in the airport, but hot and fresh and everything it needed to be.
The food was old, but what do you expect at an airport late in the evening.
Boo for Chick-fil-A closing the Ghettrocenter location, which was closer, but yea for this location for being so much closer than Arrowhead.

Come to think of it, this location was quicker and more efficient than Arrowhead, resulting in hotter, fresher food.  Yea for Deer Valley Chick-fil-A.
My lunch hour drive thru order was ready before I was with the cash, meaning the chicken's precooked, but they still had to slap it together, since I got the lettuce and tomato.  All the food was fresh; nice generous portion of green leaf lettuce, good-as-can-be-expected tomato (2 slices), and the waffle fries were in the exact correct place on the delicate Greasy-Crispy Spectrum.

The two clerks I interacted with were friendly and it even seemed genuine.  Sure Chick-fil-A is not as cheap as other fast food choices, but it's so much better feeling the clear juice of a real chicken breast run down your hand than the mucky slippery oil from a chopped & formed chicken 'patty' that a lot of places have. (Exactly what part of the chicken is the 'patty', anyway?)

Churchies own all their places, so they are oh so annoyingly closed on Sundays as a rule.  But the food is so good that any effort to protest them by not going the rest of the week would be short-lived.  Now if they ever started in-store proselytizing, that'd be a different story, but they've never done that, far as I can tell.

When I go in, I get the Ice Dream; exactly what part of the cow that is, I do not know, but it's sad to think they get those cows' hopes up by making them stooges for their "EAT MORE CHIKN" mock-protest marketing campaign, only to steal their dreams from them one way or another, and freeze them up for a tasty frozen dessert.  I picture a dark and gloomy torture room, probably the basement of one of their churches, where cows are strapped up and sucked of their dreams,  like the hapless folk from the Dark Crystal having their 'essence' drained by the Skeksies.  Or maybe that's how they get the fresh lemonade?
Since my broheim was kind enough to enter this CF location, I guess I should write the review I would have yeaterday but was too lazy/busy to add it. 

I love this place. The place is clean, friendly, quick and good. 
They had a manager out in the front of the registers directing traffic, answering questions, making sure everyones food was quick etc. RIGHT ON

The only bad thing is the playland. I swear some kids will loose a finger in the door. 

Try the Buffalo Sauce on the chicken.... delish!
I have been to at least 4 different Chick-fil-A's since i moved to Arizona and this location in Deer Valley is by far the best. First of all it is right across the street from where i work and they are always giving away free food...via your receipt or sending out discount coupons. They make the best chicken sandwich on earth...i am not kidding. It is the first real chicken breast sandwich i ever seen served at a fast food restaurant. It is a little more expensive than your average chicken sandwich but it is definitely worth it. It is not open on Sunday's because it is a Christian Franchise so they let their employee's have Sunday's off. 

This particular location has great customer service...fast service...it is extremely clean and all the food is great no matter what you choose. The dessert is not half bad either...so if you ever want the best chicken sandwich you have ever had in your life please go to Chick-fil-A. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
Love the chicken sandwiches and the handspun shakes.
Great food, friendly employees!
Last night was my 1st time coming to this location. I have been to the PV mall & Scottsdale & Mayo locations a few times in the past. Oh & does anyone remember the OLD location INSIDE of PV mall, where it had 2 stories?! That location was the shit. Any way I love Chick-fil-a! Their nuggets beat any fast food joints out there-McDonalds, Wendys, all of em. I also love their waffle fries, so addicting! I haven't had one in a while, but their milkshakes are bomb too! The employees are also very friendly which is always appreciated.
Had some issues getting the order in a timely manner but the manager made it up with some free OJ.  Biscuits are fairly good here, especially relative to other fast food options.  Hash rounds come in the cute white boxes.  Convenient location right by the frontage road.
I go here for lunch from time to time because it is close to work. 

If you have little kids, you will love this Chick-Fil-A. If you don't, it will annoy the hell out of you. Guess which category I'm in?

It's like trying to order food inside of a daycare center. The little kids scream and run around continually with their balloons. I expected to start hearing some sing-song rhymes and jump-rope chants. This would be fine on its own, but the staff seem to cater to the kids at the expense of everyone else. Today the line was stopped so that a red balloon could be located. "She really wanted to have a red balloon, not a yellow one." Too damn bad!

I can't complain about the food, it's consistently good. It's just a frickin' headache to get food here.
Consistently great food, and great service.  I love their local promotions like the "1-2-3 that's enough for me" where you received a free 3 piece chicken strip. Great management.  Love the calendar coupons too.  Would recommend buying one each year.  Great savings for sure.  I love the new grilled chicken salad.  It's a little pricey, but tastes great and is fresh.
My friends make fun of me for loving this restaurant so much.  I realize that calling it a restaurant is a bit of a stretch, however, this location makes it easy to forget they are fast food.

Food:
Most "fast food" places have a large variety of things to choose from.  Chick-fil-A keeps it simple. They have the best chicken sandwiches on the planet, and they must know it since it is 50% of their menu. I don't particularly like chicken sandwiches, but the ones they make are incredible. Don't forget the buffalo sauce.

Atmosphere and Staff:
Inside is always clean, and the decor is comfy.  They keep the AC around 70-72 degrees and some might find it a bit chilly. The management seems to be doing a excellent job. The staff seems to enjoy their work, and even when the place is packed, I have never waited long for my order. 

They even have a play area for the kids!

What could be better?: 
They are closed on Sundays (I often forget).
Love chickafila :) they're pretty pricey for fast food though
I'm from the east coast.  Chick-fil-A truly scratches an itch.  I think they fry everything in peanut-oil?

Regardless you need to get breakfast here.  CHIKN MINIS!!!!!!  

Some day I'll finally talk myself into getting a party tray of nuggets just for me.
95% of the time the cashiers are super friendly.  A few times I have gone there I got a grumpy cashier, once a grumpy lead person.  But the GM remedied the situation in a very satisfactory manner.

Food seems fresh all the time.  

One time I went in about 10:40am and asked for he breakfast item, but the cashier said no.  I asked her to check, and she glanced from the farthest register and said, nope all out.   I am sure they had some left at that time and wish she had actually checked.
Chick-fil-A is always good, but this location is awesome. I'd like to do a study on their training program and corporate culture and this is the location where I'd start. "Oh, my pleasure!" See how many times you can hear that when making an order through the drive-thru. 

Oh yeah, and the food is good too! I don't know what they do to the chicken breasts they make their sandwiches with, but man they are good! I'm addicted to the spicy chicken sandwich. Let's face it, nothing fried is "healthy" but using fresh ingredients, peanut oil (cholesterol free and no trans fats) is a good start; and they do have truly healthy offerings if you want to go that route (sorry, no waffle cut fries on that menu!)
always fast friendly service & hot food!
Wednesday night is kids night. Great time to pick up on single moms. Plus I love their lemonade.
I really love the chicken and how it already comes with pickles o. The sandwich ... Fave.. I also love the buffalo sauce very addicting
Staff is very friendly and the food is always good.  Our order wasn't right when we had already gotten home a couple of years ago and the manager sent us a $20 gift card as a sorry. They will have our business for life!
Love my Chick-fil-a!  Wow, they have a system and it is super fast in the drive thur.  Amazed and they are always super friendly!  They always get the order right!!!  ++++
Multiple visits.
Great food and very friendly staff.
...and whooda thunk chicken would be good for breakfast?
The chicken minis are awesome!
love chik fil a!  i also love how they aren't afraid to talk about politics in today's day of PC, etc.  

good food, good morals, friendly employees!
I got dragged here by a friend a while back. I hadn't eaten Chick-fil-A since it was on my college campus years ago, but I went along anyway. UGH. I guess this constitutes as "good" food if you grew up in a trailer, but otherwise...pass. 1) The chicken always has a weird strip on the end that makes me wonder what exactly it is. It's chewy and disgusting and I remember cutting it off every time I ate CFA in Flagstaff. 2) In true trailer park fashion, everyone has their dirty, loud, screaming children with them and let them run wild, usually barefoot or with a dirty diaper sagging two inches from the floor. I'd rather not eat than eat somewhere like this again.
the one and only time for me... i got food poisoning..
My first time ever eating at a Chick Fil A. Yum yum and yum.

Tried the chicken nuggets, the tortilla soup, the waffle fries and a chocolate shake. I was extremely full. No, I did not eat it all. I did sample each of it and the shake was THE BEST PART! The nuggets aren't your mcdonalds nuggets. These are real nuggets of meat, not a byproduct and its all in the sauce. The chick fil a sauce was my favorite. Fast friendly service and a very clean restaurant.
I really enjoy the food here. Probably one of the best layouts for a fast food but it feels more homey than any fast food. The service is very hands on, extremely well maintained facility, the best playroom ever and the food is great. If you watch your diet, the salads are great. I am willing to pay a higher price for food when the service and product is his good.
Service was FAST! Taste good too. Place was clean as well.
Love Chick-Fil-A breakfast!!! Wish they served fresh skim or 2 percent milk with their coffee. I don't like the little creamers that are non dairy. yuk
I love Chic-fil-a, delicious, consistent and best staff all around.

This is my default fast food.
My first Chick Fil A ever. Really really good Chicken sandwiches. Chicken was really good, crisp outside, perfect inside. Bun was great too.

Fantastic service for a fast food joint like this. Friendly people all around.
The best drive thru restaurant around.  Never get sick of coming here and the service is exceptional compared to other chain drive thrus.
Great food and customer service. The chicken is always moist and tender. The fries are good. The milkshakes are great, if you don't mind paying a little more. Of all the fast food restaurants, Chick Fil a easily has the best customer service, maintaining consistently great customer service across almost ALL restaurants. They hire a lot of kids in high school with a lot of potential and develop great customer service skills in all employees.
First time actually eating at a Chick-fil-A, and I am a fan! The customer service far excited 90% of the service you get at other fast food places. 

There was a play area for the kids, which made everyone happy! The gilled chicken sandwich was tender and overall delicious. I am a little embarrassed that it took me so long to try this place. The only negative thing was that the kids chicken nuggets were kind of small, but that is probably because they are actually chicken unlike other places.

I look forward to eating here again.
Took the kids here for lunch while we were on our way to the Touch A Truck event a few months ago.

It's your standard franchise restaurant which seemed to be running smoothly, despite being opened recently.

One note is that the person at the counter taking the orders struggled to take the order, but that is to be expected with a newly opened store.
Not big on flame broiled but we were in the area and needed something to hold us until dinner time. The food is pretty consistent, dry patties, soggy lettuce... My favorite part is the little bit of onion that they have in it lol.

For the most part, it was pretty clean. It's a pretty small dining area but if you're in and out, I guess it's ok :)
I've never been a big fan of BK, I have held pretty true to my Micky Ds however the chicken fries with multiple dipping sauce options are a great snack.  They are always advertising apple fries for the kids but this location never seems to have any in stock.
Yo, everyone knows about BK.....   but this one was a great experience.  I am not sure if the lady behind the counter was a DRILL SGT.  She ran such a tight ship... there was virtually no wait on a busy lunch hour visit and she made everyone laugh.... very impressive.....
This place has got to be the slowest Burger King on earth. It also doesn't help when someone in front of you orders $36 worth of food.
I went to this location at about 9:30 at night. It was one of those double drive thru's and I pulled in the first one, noticing that there was a red mustang in the next order menu, waiting to order. After a full minute (literally, not exaggerrating) I finally said "Hello?" A lady replied "I'll be right with you." I noticed the red car guy still at the next menu board. I waited for five minutes, still, no one took my order.  My patience were gone and I left to the McDonalds two miles down the road. On my way home, from my ten min. trip to McDs. I passed Burger King and spotted the red car guy still waiting to order. This was crazy. They didn't offer and explanation or apology,  just silence.
  Despite this occasion, previous trips to this location always rendered me unhappy, and this time I decided I'm not ever going back to that location.
This was the worst BK experience I can remember ever having.  It was just me and my 5yr old son.  I ordered a Bk stacker combo meal with no sauce, and a 4 piece chicken nugget kids meal for my kid.  After waiting for about 10 minutes I walked back towards the counter assuming my food should be done any second.  While standing there they called out 2 order #'s that were after mine.  I seen several kids meals going out the drive through window also.  So I stand all the way by the pickup counter waiting for someone to come by so I can ask, and I get ignored for several minutes.  Finally a supervisor person tells me my order is coming up next, so of course I wait a few minutes when they place a tray of food out and call out the #.  Guess what, not my order either.  So the supervisor asks what my order was and I hand him my reciept.  He does not apologize for the wait or anything but turns and yells my order to some cooks.  He then asks me what sauce we want for the kids nuggets, I ask for Ranch and he hands me like 6 ranches, like that will make up for now having to wait like 20 minutes.  Again no apology for the long wait and basically them losing or forgetting my order.  Than when I get the food, it was sloppy, burger patties hanging half way out the side of the bun...just a mess.
If going through the drivethrough I would check your order before leaving. THIS BK CANT GET ANYTHING RIGHT!
I have lived in the area for 7 years and the service is the same. Short of not opening the doors. Rude and unprofessional staff. Customer service training for management staff is required.
Every time I go to this Burger King the service is getting worst. This time
Rude employees. #Terrible
Poor excuse of a BK! Stay away, they forgot my dessert, the food's cold, had to wait a while at the drive thru, plus they don't even have a full Burger King menu.
Its a typical McDonalds.  New and Clean.
No play area? Bad idea when chik fil a is right down the street. The food... Its mcdonalds

months later...
I now officially hate this location.  My 5 year old had the day off from school and I had the day off from work.  I needed my tires rotated (see my Discount Tire comments) and it was lunch time.  My son was excited to go to McDonalds, so we dropped my car off at Discount Tire and walked to McDonalds- it was very windy and he was a little annoyed.  We got to McDonalds and their debit functionality was offline.  So I had no cash on me and I had to explain to my 5 year old that we couldn't eat there.  We had to walk back to Discount Tire and cancel our rotation.  I then called another Discount Tire with food within walking distance and they were not busy- so we went there and between the call and our arrival they got slammed.  So rather than get my tires rotated there and go to Chik-Fil-A, we drove back to our local Chik-Fil-A for a wonderful lunch.  I blame McDonalds for a horrible day.
Typical McDonalds. Its new so its clean and has a nice interior.
I dont care if it is "fast food" get it right! Its not rocket science and yet never have I ever had my order correct when going through the drive thru. We go every wednesday after my dogs training class at nearby petsmart and everytime we get home someones meal is messed up... I think we are going to start going somewhere else. Im tired of paying for the more expensive chicken meal and getting a cheap classic chicken sandwich, or asking for no-onions on the kids burgers and have to scrape them off when i get home. Its just getting old!
The ABSOLUTE worse McDonalds EVER.....have only been here a handful of times and each and every time they have gotten my order wrong...My most recent experience was this past weekend.  The supervisor ILKA is the worst..walks around like she just does not care.  I actually got home, found my order to be wrong and I did what I had never done before...drove back and asked for my money back.  I will never go back to this McDonald again...I'm done.  I have not had this experience in ay other franchise before!!!   I also called the "Customer" phone number they provide, and I left a message but after almost a full week, no call back from anyone.  I only gave it one star because I didn't have the option of 1/2 a star or ZERO rating!!!
Luv the fact that u can make any burger low carb.  I like the six dollar burger  it's 1/2 lb Blk angus beef, and with the broiled flavor it's awsome IMHO better then in&out protein burger and not as crowded :)
I flew in from LA and felt like hitting a familiar spot. This Carl's is by far the cleanest, most hospitable fast food spot I've been too. It's a refreshing change from the scummy Carls Jr of LA.
I went here and I recieved my food hot and quick I was out within 6 minutes with a 6 person order. The food was hot and we had no problems with our order.
I went in at about 4:30 this morning to pick up a couple of Double Western Bacon Cheeseburgers to go.  That's what I asked for, that's what the guy repeated to me and charged me for, and that's how they were labeled on the wrapper.  When I got them home, they were single Western Bacon Cheeseburgers.  Looks like these folks need watching.
Met the owner of this chain in one of the other locations once. Nice guy and it shows in the restaurants. Staff is always more than friendly, quick personal service that you would hope to find in other "sit down" eateries. Expectations are always exceeded for me at this location and it is why I pass others to go to this spot.  The $5.00 Big Carl Combo is the best deal in town and the service is icing on the cake.
I like the Breakfast Burgers, it's like breakfast and lunch on the same sandwich. Nice egg, bacon and taters all together in a hamburger will keep you going all day long. Really fast drive thru service and the people are prompt and friendly. There are lots of Carls Jr.s in town, but this is the best. Even the graveyard crew is on the ball no matter what the hour. You can tell they are well trained here, not like the store in North Las Vegas by the 215, that place is the worst!
I worked right next to this place a month ago and they COULD NOT listen, anytime I wanted a burger with no onions they would charge me extra and put extra onions on it. This place really grinded my gears.
WOW- Just saw a crazy lady shaking a sign for biscuits at Carls jr~!

Got one and it was goooooood!
Been a long time since I have been in a Carl's. Again a chain and to be honest a bit pricey for fast food, but what-ch-gonna-do?
Burger was decent, fries were ok as well.
This store is clean and the person at the counter did bring our order, and introduce herself, humm..
1st to Review-How can this be? A CLASSIC McDonald's @offthestrip at Paradise Rd/Sahara Ave behind the Sahara Casino!

Coolest thing about this location is their collection of McDonald's Happy Meal Toys and the 50's style look & feel.

They have a 50's Chevy out front for taking photos.

Unfortunately the same boring,tasteless food.
Out of the thousands of restaurants in Vegas, I had to pick a McDonalds...Well, its a cheap eat. Its right across the Sahara Hotel and its design is like one of those classic type McDonalds back in the 50s, just like Scott D. said below. 

There is nothing special about it. I had gone through the drive-thru at 11:30pm. I was a little scared since there was people playing music loud and just hanging around suspiciously. I had to wait 5-7 minutes for the lady to get back to me on the speaker. It wasn't even crowded inside.

Anyways, I ordered 2 McDoubles ($1 each), 2 Hot N' Spicy ($1 each), 2 Bottle Water ($1 each), and 2 Apple Pies (2 for $1), and a Large Iced Tea ($1 each no matter of the size or type of drink). My total was $9.50.

Nothing special about this place besides the classic car who probably has been waiting for service since forever. Oh well, what can you do in the city of sin?!

Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
I left the Hilton late last night and I was really thirsty.  This was an easy in/out option for me from Sahara.  I did the drive through and was on my way with a Diet Coke in about 2 minutes.

This is one of the remaining early style McDonald's outlets and there's a classic Chevrolet parallel to the drive through where you can take photos.

Looking through the windows, I could see the interior is also the classic design.  I'll have to go back and sit inside.  Do I see a Shamrock shake in my near future?
Food is good as always. Cool design outside and single golden arches make this a cool spot to hit up after the club or gambling on the strip.
Mixed up order: forgot fries.  Crispy chicken instead of grilled.  Put mayo in sandwich when asked for it on the side.

Cash only for drive through but accepted credit when dining in...
Grabbed quick breakfast ...service was slow and the dining room was filled with the joyful abundance of homeless and just crazy people of Las Vegas.
As said before coffee was warm at best, my egg McMuffin without Sausage was cold and greasy!
Worst service and food I have ever experienced at McDonald's l have ever been to.

Completely wrong order. Ignored at counter when trying to get corrected and even then wrong order and yet again ignored. You would think they would be sensitive on the third time retuning to get a complete order. But no. And then ignored the fourth time when asking to get access to the bathroom.
extremely terrible service. They couldn't get my order right the first time, like seriously how hard is it to get a couple sandwiches right!!
Worst McDonald's ever...tweekers "spare changing" freely, some lady threatened to beat another lady's ass, following her around yelling, dirty drink area, etc. The building looks good, as the only good point. I'll never return to this location if I can avoid it!
So I'm not usually one to fuss, pretty laid back so if something bothered me then well....bravo. This mcdonalds isn't in the greatest area, I can't fault the employees for that. I can expect that they get some shady characters and they sometimes you have to handle them a little bit more aggressively. Like tonight, customer causing a minor disturbance and was rude, and the girl which appeared to be a manager of some sort was behind the counter and got upset (naturally of course) she went and handled the customer. Waited for him to come out of the bathroom just waiting there while customers including myself were in line. Ok I get it, go handle the customer, go on with your bad self and handle the shituation. Yes I said shit-u-ation. I get it, go handle the stupid idiot. But when there's a line of customers waiting for service you would think you would get someone to cover you instead us waiting 5 minutes or ATLEAST a simple apology saying "I'm sorry I'll be right with you" instead she was cursing and mumbling under her breath. OH and she proceeded to follow him outside, let it go! He left! So another employee finally started taking orders only after telling me she was already clocked out! Unprofessional. Like come on handle the idiot but don't act like one. Rant over. Oh....and my fries are good.
This McDonalds is terrible long wait times stale food horrible customer service will never eat their again.
This place is neither here nor there. It is McDonalds. You get what you get. I usually don't have many problems with them. I set the bar low.

Its good food when I don't need to be impressed :)
i have no idea why this McDonalds can "NEVER" get your order correct.  We have come here probably 4 times thru the drive thru, not one single time have I came home with my correct order.   You would think I would learn to check it before driving home.  Truly amazing how the person on drive thru had to get my simple order 2 times over the speaker, and once again at the first window.....and yet, wrong.   I didn't think that 2 cheeseburgers with no pickles, and a 6 piece mcnugget was crazy to think they could get it right
We stopped here on our way to Cali, went thru drive-thru, service was good we did receive what we ordered, BUT the fries were cold!! Chicken nuggets had been sitting out for a bit nothing seemed to be fresh...I know it's fast food but does it have to be cold food too?
IF they get your order right your lucky. If it is right most of the time the burgers are made wrong.
Not worth the stop at all.
Ordered two small smoothies and a vanilla latte. She asked me, "hot or iced?" and I said, "iced - no, HOT." After waiting almost ten minutes, I finally saw them set two smoothies and an iced latte on the counter. Telling the guy behind the counter that it was supposed to be hot just got me a skeptical look and a request to see my receipt. So they had rung it up wrong - and after another wait, I finally got my hot latte. Which was anything but hot. It was cooler than tap water. So I took it back and asked for another. That one wasn't as "hot" as the first one. "Can you nuke it?" "No." "Are they always this lukewarm?" "Yes." Asked for my money back.
I've never had a problem with this place. They have always gotten my order correct, and the vast majority of the time, the employees are smiling, at least at the drive-thru.
Stay away poor service rude staff have no idea how to be professional screaming to one another and still have we wrong food
Mystery meat and velveeta cheese breakfast burrito, served by employees obese from their own fare, guaranteed to scald your mouth and make you sick.
The service is so bad the drive threw takes so long they should not even be classified as fast food I am not sure how it takes them 5min a car just to end up getting everything wrong
We are a household full of workers and college students so we do get a good feel for the fast food restaurants in Maricopa. Its not good for us and its probably not our only options but its the easiest. I Dont normally have an issue with costumer service but the drive thru is usually different. They can be rude and degrading. The main problem I had though happened the last time I went there. The guy in the first window took my order roludly kept asking "is that all" and became annoyed when I kept ordering. I was making an order for over five people in my house that evening and when I pulled up he made rude comments about my weight. Yes I am very over weight and jot happy about it. But for him to take my order for five people and accuse me of ordering it all for myself is just hurtful and uncalled for. When I made a complaint the gentleman informed me of his name. When I contacted management for make a formal complaint and the manager kept smiling and laughing while my mother (who had to go down because I was very embarrassed) explained the situation. As the person who was insulted I wasn't put to get him fired but I felt action needed to be taken. The manager informed my mom that he was sent home for the week. But after finding out that he had made several rude comments to other customers she felt further action needed to be taken. The manager could only smile and say that he isn't the usual manager and he has no power. The actual manager attempted to contact us once and said if we wanted it resolved would call him back. Very incorporate situation that should have never occurred.
So, I decide to do an unexpected nice thing. It's tgif, so go to the mcdonalds in Summerlin to order 10 sausage mcmuffins for the office staff I work with.  Straight forward order, no drinks.  To my dismay, it's like half of Summerlin secretly decided to descend on this one mcdonalds to "splurge" on a morning meal (cheap bastards) and they're all too lazy to get out of their escalades (cheap, LAZY bastards).  Translation, drive thru is 15 cars long blocking the entrance into the shopping center.  So, I park & go in to stand in line at 7:45 which wasn't much better.  I see 2 visible people working both the registers and the drive thru and 1 cook in the back and a maintenance guy repairing the "thank you" flap on the garbage can with his drill.  After being 8th in line, I place my order. Sure with 10 mcmuffins, I can be patient.  5 minutes go by, then 10, then 15. I see the beginnings of my order being stuffed into a small, one-order bag.  No one said your order will be out soon, or apologized.  Meanwhile, I see 3 mickey d employees walk in at 8:10 (probably 10 min late), punch in and then disappear with their purses.  Now it's been 25 minutes and I'm about to be late for work, I see the mgr stuff my 10th sandwich into the small bag, and whoa, the WHOLE bag topples over onto the floor. Now I'm REALLY gonna be late for work. I just want my money back and will leave w/no breakfast.  Before I could flag the manager for a refund, I witnessed 3 employees walk over the mound of my paid-for food piled on the floor, yuck!  When I finally get the mgrs attention and nicely asked for my money back, she flippantly told me I'd have to wait for my refund until she logged into the computer. No apology for waiting 25 minutes WTF???? Hey, Don't be drinkin no hatorade this early in the morning!!! 35 minutes later, I finally got all of 11 bucks back (no credit for free breakfast) and went to work empty handed and hungry.  Moral of the story, will still try to do nice, and realize every fast food mgr has a bad day, but will avoid this place at all costs on Friday paydays in Summerlin. ps i'd submit a photo of my food on the floor, but not worth it
thinking lightening (and back luck) couldn't possibly strike twice, i returned to mcdonald's in summerlin to place a small order (not 10 mcmuffins as the morning before) for me & the posse who got called into work on a sunday.  this time i opt to go thru the drive-thru coz nobody's in line.  wow, it's looking good... or so i thought.  paid for my simple order at the 1st window, then waited 10 more minutes behind the only car at the pickup window (here we go, am i gonna be later for work again with only 1 car in front of me? WTF????). Cars were honking ferociously behind me. now i'm blocked in.  low and behold when i move up, i recognize the guy handing me my food as one of the mcdonald's workers who stepped over my pile of food in slow-motion matrix effect yesterday morning.  ughhh!  guess they're probably hiring at this fast food establishment and will take any dreggs off the street who either has a pulse or a trust fund, so what's the hurry?  Gave them a 2nd chance, learned my lesson, won't ever go back.  As an aside, took the time to e-mail mcdonalds and got the proverbial party line response, i.e. we pride ourselves on blah blah blah. i normally believe in redemption but not from this place.
very nice and clean. i came here late night and it was the only mcD's open in the area i think. came for the sweet tea.. and they had no more!
Avoid the drive through in the evenings.

Food takes too long, the people taking orders and at the window are not professional at all.

If I do plan on going to this McDonalds at night, I always have a better experience walking in.
My drive through experience was a pleasant one. The workers seemed very friendly and I received quick service. Whenever I go to drive thrus I'm not usually asked how my day is going unless I'm at Starbucks. I didn't feel like I was rushed and the most important thing is they didn't forget the sweet and sour sauce!
I've never tried a McRib Sandwich and I heard via the Talk Threads that McDonald's in Las Vegas started serving them the other day, so I took my Son here to give this legendary Sandwich a try.

We ordered two McRib Meals (Sandwich, Fries, Soda) $4.19.  I also wanted to try the $1 Spicy McChicken Sandwich.

The verdict......I didn't like the McRib at all...blech!  The Sauce was the best part about it. Other than that, it was pretty bland.  The Fries were good of course....and the Spicy McChicken Sandwich was decent, not bad for $1.

Overall, it was a complete waste of calories.  I'm not dinging McDonald's for my stupid curiosity, so they get 3 Stars.  The McDonald's experience was A-OK. 

Did I find value in my meal?  Not today....my fault though.
Will I return?  I'd come back again to order something I enjoy.
So horrible no matter what time of day it is, you'll always get food that has been prepared so messy.
Years of pathetic service, disgusting food, and dangerous mistakes. Why do I keep going back?

Having nothing to do with Mcdonalds food in general and more to do with the ability of this specific location to produce it with out killing anybody. I have been going to this particular store for years. It is right around the corner from where I used to live, and is on the way from where I live to pretty much everything I use (gas station, costco, movie theater, market, etc). It is the only convenient location, and for a while Mcdonalds was the only place that had $1 drinks. So those are my lame excuses for repeatedly torturing myself with this horrible place! 

Service: I used to be a manager with another fast food chain. I know what service SHOULD be. I also know what it usually is. It doesn't have to be 5 star. But the rude attitudes, ridiculously slow service, and inability to get a single order right is really a bit too much. When I say slow service, I am talking 15 minutes is average drive thru time for a dollar menu burger and a soda. 

Correct orders: Yes, my order can occasionally be complicated (no castup, add big mac sauce)... but when I thought they could do no worse... they messed up an order for 4 large drinks. 2 diet cokes, a lemonade, and an unsweet iced tea (all with extra ice). We received a regular coke, a lemonade, a Dr. Pepper, and a sweet iced tea. 2 drinks had no ice at all. and the other 2 had a few pieces floating around. We have never received a correct order from this store. EVER. I could go on and on about it, but I will stick with this sad example and move on.

Dangerous/disgusting/incorrectly made: Something a little different then an order where they put the wrong thing in the bag or mess up a custom, is when they just make it incorrectly or dangerously. Some of the examples of this include pies that expired an hour before I received them, an egg that was completely raw in the middle, and tonights lovely mess up. Tonight I ordered the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. According to the website this should include 2 full slices of swiss cheese and a decent amount of mushrooms. I had about a teaspoon of mushrooms, no sauce, and 1/2 a slice of cheese. That is right, they left off a slice and a half of cheese! In addition, it was a regular (and relatively old) quarter pound patty, not the big ole angus patty they should have used. 

I have called the number on the receipt multiple times that takes me to the district office. They consistently send out a free sandwich or drink coupon to apologize. They tell me how sorry they are and suggest I try one of their other locations, as this is the only one they receive complaints from. From what I was told they are revamping this store, but I have been told that for well over a year, and it seems to have been unvamped and going down hill, which I didn't think was even possible! 

I keep vowing this will be my last visit, but then find myself sitting in the drive thru line yet again wondering if I will ever receive my food. 

I highly do not recommend this location. Hopefully you won't be lured in by whatever the heck keeps luring me! 

-Sarah (This was written by Paul's wife because I am usually the one dealing with them. I guess he got smarter.)
This is hands down the WORST McD's location.
I keep saying I wont go back but I think what keeps me going back is that living in the heart of Summerlin there isn't much of an option besides the Burger King on Town Center.

The drive-thru is always so so so long and the workers at the window are so slow and seem like it is their first day every time. My order is NEVER right! I order a McGriddle and get a McMuffin WTH! The food is either overcooked or not accurate. 
What is with the coke? It always and I mean always tastes weird.

I have sent an e-mail through the website complaining and they said since nobody else complained about the coke it must be fine. WRONG! If you get the nasty coke please send them an e-mail if enough people complain they might actually do something!!

I usually go to the location on Charleston but since this one is so close I do still come here when I have coupons but I make sure and go inside where I can verify my order.
Don't tell anyone but I like McDonald's coffee better than Starbucks. I rather have McDonald's coffee over any other coffee in the world. 

This McDonald's location would have gotten 5 stars about 3 months ago, but things have changed. A few months ago, the workers were really cool, but now they have all just gotten really f*cking weird! It's almost like one of those 1980s B-Horror Movies where one of the workers gets infected with the Zombie/Vampire/Werewolf virus and then comes to work the next day and spreads it to all his coworkers.  That's the only logical explanation because every worker here has transformed into McDumbasses!

I want to remind you that this is Summerlin, so that means that everyone runs stop signs, no one yields for pedestrians,  and everyone argues over the stupidest most insignificant things. Watch out when you are entering this drive-thru because there is a huge chance that some douchebag in a BMW will run the stop sign in order to cut in front of you.

When I drove up to the box, there was no answer. About 2 minutes later I begin hearing a ton of static and then this bizarre sounding guy starts talking in this strange tone. He sounded like a drunk Orson Wells. 

When I pulled up to the first window to pay, the window slowly slid open to reveal the face of a morbid looking kid with gigantic dilated eyes and one of those horror movie smiles. Immediately he lets out this high pitched: "reeehhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!" noise at me. At that particular moment, due to the fear of man-rape, I thought about driving over the planters and escaping. But, he looked so weird that I came to the conclusion that he might have some kind of paranormal super powers and would catch me no matter how fast I drove, so I just sat there and awaited my fate. After about 2-3 seconds he told me how much my coffee cost in a disturbingly soft tone voice, and thankfully he didn't serve me McRape.  

When I drove up to the pick-up window, I was greeted by an anorexic looking latino kid who didn't even give me eye contact, and while holding the coffee he sticks his arm out the window and just drops it before I even have the chance to reach out to grab it. It was a miracle that I caught the thing in mid air.  

I was glad to get the McF*ck out of there.
The drive through line is terrible. They are painfully slow.
I love Mcdonalds, grew up on it and still take my boys there regularly and I have to say this.  The location off of the circle in Summerlin really has some hard times keeping up.  The place always seems to be a bit dirty both in the lobby and behind the counter.  I dread getting a "quick" bite with the boys when we are in a hurry as they are never fast in the drive thru!!  BUT the food is always just as good at any other Mcdonalds, so they do have that going for them!!  It is literally though one of the slowest mickey D's I have ever been to.  And this is not just one experience, I go very regularly because as I said I love it and this one is the closest to me, so for convenience, but sometimes I wonder if it would be faster to drive seven minutes out of my way to another mcdonalds....

Their Employees are so nice though, just not the best on the speed side of things!

Maybe they will get better!
Pretty good service for fast food.
I don't know what it is about this McDonald's. It's like kids run the joint. Not that they aren't friendly, but too many of them just aren't professional, and seem to think the customers are part of their entertainment. This job is basically an extension to their social life.  It's a problem.
I don't know what the deal is with this location, but they are ridiculously slow! Even if my order is a pre made salad and iced coffee and there is no one else in the drive-thru lane, it still takes forever!
Went through the Drive-thru today at about 11:15 am for lunch. Ordered the habanero quarter pounders and a caramel sundae. Sundae machine was down, so no sundae. I should have taken that as an omen and just left. Got the promo to buy a quarter pounder & get one free. When I went to eat my sandwich I had to search for the habanero sauce( just a touch was on the bun), and the burger was dry as hell and tasted like it had been reheated from the day before. I took one bite and could barely chew it. I threw them both away. What a waste of gas and time. Never going to this place again ...  AWFUL
This was the worst Mcdonalds in all of Las Vegas.  My daughter wanted a breakfast burrito and I needed a coffee. 1 car in front in of me and 23 minutes stuck in the drive thru. WHO's the manager? I didnt see one person that was capable of being in charge of running that place. Next tiem I decide to go to Mcdonalds by my job I will hop on the freeway and go to another one and still return to work faster then running across the street to this one!!!!!!
This McD's is bad. It is near my home and has a drive thru so I hit it up for the dollar menu. It is pure convenience that I go to this one. The wait for food here is unreal. this last week my mcdouble tasted more like it was reheated. The bun was rock hard :(
I just never know if I'm going to get what I ordered correctly or if it will taste normal or reheated. I have been getting coupon books in the mail that have been good deals. Inside feels kinda cramped. The lines inside are as bad as the drive thru. Please remember that people leaving the drive thru have rights too. I obey the stop sign before pulling out but it seems the people shopping within the strip mall think they have the right to zip by you and not let you out.
Awful service and extremely slow. Go elsewhere.
Honestly McDonalds is a McDonalds but I've never been to one so slow. Went in to grab some breakfast and, although no one was there, it still took 20 min. The fact that I keep coming back is just because it is close.
Service is terribly slow. Orders have never been correct. Manager Oscar is trained in a third world country. I have boycotted this location for the last year and I live and work within walking distance of this place. I'd much rather go out of my way and give my money to the Boca Park location.
I dont mind fresh and hot...but when you have to wait 15 minutes to order and another 15 minutes to receive the order plus bad attitude....not a good mix
Try two cashiers when you got 4 people or more in one line...that would cut the first 15 minutes
Flavorless cardboard and meat like substance..,   Unfit for human consumption !!!      I gave irvine last try and it's worse than ever
Worst McDonalds Ever!  I work close so it is convenient for breakfast and lunch, however, after my experience today, I will not be going back.  With so many other dining options in the area, I wonder why they don't pay attention to the reviews and step up their game.  Today, I went through the drive thru - which is always the slowest around (average of about 5 mins in line - longest time was 11 minutes).  Today was the 4th time in a month that I've been through the drive thru and my order was wrong or incomplete.  I'm only one person, how many other people does this happen to.

This morning, I went to the drive thru about 6:10am, lucky since I was the only one in line.  Placed my order, but could tell the person taking my order was distracted.  Got to the payment window, where the person dropped my change on the ground, ugh.  Next window, pick up food.  Here is the entire conversation: 
Me:  Can I get some Mayonnaise and Salt? 
MD's:  Mayonnaise?  (as he is chatting with a co-worker and not listening to me.
Me: Yes, Mayonnaise and Salt.
MD's: OK.  (Still chatting it up with co-worker)
MD's:  That was Mayonnaise and Jelly?
Me: No.  Mayonnaise and Salt.

UGH!!  Pay attention!  

Needless to say, I got to work and order was incomplete.  Frustrated, I got back in my car, drove back to restaurant and went inside.  Talked to a manager or assistant (couldn't tell, as they had no nametag), but they were very uninterested in the fact that a customer had an issue.  

I explained that it had happened 4 times in last month, still no reaction.  No concern, NO APOLOGY.    He proceeded to get my other item, but was not going to replace the current one I brought back.  Since it was now a cold item, I had to ask to get a replacement.

I mentioned again that this is the 4th time in a month that this had happened to just me, but again, no apology, no concern, and no reaction.  

Worst customer service of any restaurant I've ever been in.  It seems to me that they need to be reading these reviews and try to improve.  

I will be sending a copy of this review to McDonald's corporate office, because if they are not already aware of how bad this store is, they need to be.
One of my biggest pet peeves is stupidity - and fewer things frequently showcase the talent of stupidity better than a drive thru window. The only thing I can combat stupidity with is being a smart ass. 

The menu board indicates #8 to be a "Jumbo Jack with Cheese"...I approached the speaker box and ordered a number 8. The voice returns "Do you want cheese on that?"...I replied "would I like cheese on my jumbo jack with cheese? Yes, I think I will enjoy cheese on my jumbo jack with cheese tonight..."

Trying to order the number with lettuce, tomatoe and pickle only proved challening as the voice kept interrupting with what size? what to drink? Fries?...before I could give the specifics. Despite the challenges, the food arrived accurrately and I don't think they did anything unusual to it in the back...
Suggestion.  Rather than being a smart ass, why not try being nice and help them do a better job.  These people usually work for minimum wage and not a little training.  Do you want cheese on that.  You could help train them by saying, I think that comes with cheese, doesn't it?  You'd help train them not to make the mistake again?  I think these people need all the help they can get.
I hate JITB, but my wife loves it, so we go often. Always fast service here, never have had an issue. The mini cookies are fantastic, but watch your fingers. They come out hot, leaving you with chocolate covered fingertips touching your steering wheel.
Well since this was my first and only Jack in the Box experience, I don't have a lot to compare this visit to but I enjoyed JITB. 

The food was decent for what it was but the best part about this place was the service. There was a woman there that was so nice and helpful. She was nice and proided suggestions when we were ordering. Then she worked hard to clean the tables as people left.
As in all of my fast food reviews - I can not give 5 stars to fst food chain.

Haven't been to this restaurant in a long time due to very slow service, luke warm food, and bad attitude from the work staff . . . but I thought I would give it anouther try today . . . and guess what something changed.

With that said, todays quick breakfast on the go was very nice.  The order at the drive through was taken promptly, and I was greeted with a smile at the window . . . after a short wait my food arrived hot and fresh.

Extreme Sausage Sandwich . . . Hot and Tasty
Hash Browns . . . Hot and Crispy

Needless to say . . . for what ever reason . . . This Jack in the Box has stepped up it's game . . . at least for breakfast.
This Carl's Jr. location probably has the best service I've ever received at a fast food establishment.  Immediately after entering we were greeted with a cheerful "Welcome to Carl's Jr.!"  The cheerful demeanorwas carried by all of the employees leading to a pleasing experience.  Food came out fast and warm, and we were allowed to use a coupon even though we had already ordered and paid.  Halfway through lunch the employee that took our order came by the table and asked if there was anything she should get us.  

As for food, I had the portobello $6 burger.  It's a big burger, but they don't skimp on the mushrooms.  Lots of mushrooms with melty swiss cheese make this seem like this burger didn't come from a fast food restaurant.

I never thought I'd review a fast food restaurant, but seriously, service with a smile certainly does make an experience that much better!
Yes...I'm reviewing a fast food restaurant.  Usually for me to review one, I had an awesome experience, really bad one, or because I'm the temporary Duke. For this Carl's Jr., it's because the service is great and I'm the current Duke.  Besides, this Carl's deserves their props.

This Carl's is conveniently sandwiched between Gold's Gym and Spartan Nutrition. I know, ironic. But when I'm in the mood for some high calorie, high fat, and workout killing burger, it's the Gold's and Spartan that whispers in my head "don't do it".  And I usually don't.  I usually opt for their Turkey, Chicken, and Fish Burgers.  All are fast, cheap, healthy (depending what you have on it), and surprisingly good.  Carl's is one of those options that won't have leaving with that guilt feeling.

As for service, this had to be one of the better Carl's when it comes to that. Usually no wait here and the staff is friendly.  I don't think too many people eat here because it's a ghost town up here.  Don't let the look of the parking lot or drive through fool you, they are open.

PS:   Sorry Carl's Jr.  I really wanted In-N-Out, but they were closed for Easter.  So, I settled with you guys.  But I learned that you have one killer Alantic Cod Sandwich.  I will be back for that for sure.
For you carls jr fans this is the one this franchise has thee best service and thee hottest food of any carls jr i have been to in vegas. All other franchises should follow the example set here, oh yeah the restrooms are cleanest i have seen (on this part of town) lol
Unbelievable! I'm writing a review about a fast food joint?! Never would I have pictured myself doing this, but it is SO amazing!!! 
To echo what everyone below has said: ALL fast food joints should train at this store-secret shop it, whatever! This place hires the NICEST people-Managers, Part Time workers, etc.
ALWAYS clean, ALWAYS pleasant (i've been there at all hours of the night and day), and (my favorite and what I teach at my business): SMILE!!!!! 
I seriously RECOMMEND this place to people-and its fast food! (no offense what-so-ever)

I just can't get over it: amazing! Keep up the amazing work and I really hope other businesses (fast food or otherwise) take your lead. 
I really hope your senior/regional Managers take notice-every single one of your employees and managers deserves a serious Spot Award!
I quit eating fast food a long time ago.  However, I got summoned to pick up "food" from here after going to the gym nearby. I did not get myself anything, I'm thankful that I did not.

I was at the drive-through and after placing my order, I pulled up to get it from the guy at the window who was coughing without covering his mouth. Gross! If you're serving food and you're sick: wear a mask, cover your mouth when coughing then wash/sanitize your hands right after, cover your mouth when coughing using your upper arm/shoulder or don't come to work.

If that wasn't bad enough, my sister tells me they found hair in one of the burgers and a gnat flew from a piece of lettuce they were eating. Nasty!

Hopefully, after that incident, I won't have to make fast-food stops for other people ever again!
We love coming here!! They know us and what we like :-) it's good some one can remember your order when it's complicated lol no bun low carb no fries with salad instead :-) I just love there staff!!! I've tried other places and this definitely is my #1 place!!!!
Went in to Carl's during my lunch break. I Ordered the Taco Salad. It was topped with ground beef that I thought was a bit to greasy. On the plus side, the staff is friendly and you can find Squirt at the fountain bar!
Typical Carl's Jr.  It's clean.  Overpriced for fast food.

There is an elderly woman who works here that is really sweet.  Some of the other staff isn't all that friendly though.

The steakhouse burger is delicious.  I hope they keep it for a while.  I love onion straws and I love bleu cheese.

The soda machine has a good number of selections.  I think coke zero is one if I remember correctly.
Hitting up Carl's Jr for a quick bite before it got too late, the wife and I were made to wait at the counter for a couple minutes before we were helped. This is because they had one employee in the kitchen and one working both the front counter and drive through. He missed seeing us come in as he was busy helping the drive through customers. Not his fault the managers don't staff the restaurant properly.

Finally, the kitchen worker lady let the cashier guy know we were waiting. He took our order promptly and efficiently. We went to the drink machine to get our thirsts quenched and hit another snag. Their machine was diluting everything. The mix was off by quite a bit. All of the sodas we tried were way lighter in color and tasted more like lightly flavored soda water than soda. We tried the: DrPepper, Coke, Sprite, Root Beer & Raspberry Iced Tea. Letting the guy know the machine seemed off, he said he would look into it. He messed with some of the syrup in the back, then sampled the sodas out front and let us know it should be fixed. It isn't his fault that they don't train him on re-calibrating the soda machine, as the drinks still tasted weak and funny after his attempts to fix the issue.

Shortly thereafter, he brought out our food and checked on us a couple times throughout to make sure we had everything we needed. That's one touch I really like about Carl's Jr!

My Super Star with cheese was delicious, it didn't fall apart like some of them do. The bun was not stale or weak either. The fries are some of the best frozen, fast food fries I have had in a while.
My visit -- and this story -- start on May 4, 2012. I was shopping for an elderly home-bound neighbor and she asked me to stop at Carl's Jr. to get her a hamburger. Nothing special here; Stopped at the Carl's Jr. and ordered her burger. Paid. Got the food. It wasn't until I asked for the receipt that things got weird. The cashier told me that receipts are only issued on request and it would be a minimum of 5 minutes if I wanted to wait for it. I asked why so long and he said "That's how long it takes to generate a receipt". 

I am not about to wait 5 minutes for the receipt as the food gets cold. It the order were mine I would have demanded a refund and let them throw the burger in the trash. However, I do feel it necessary to provide a receipt when spending my neighbors money. I left without the receipt and noticed a sticker-sign on the door. Call this number if you have any questions or problems. I called from the parking lot and was connected to the voice mail of someone named Sandra. I left a message explaining what had happened, providing my name and cell number, and asked that I be contacted with information on Carl's receipt policy.

Alas, that is all background information, as the true reason for this review is to document how poor the customer service is and just how unimportant a paying customer is to Carl's Jr. Restaurants. Here is what happened since then:

Using the Carl's website I sent an email through the "Contact Us" link. The site specified that a reply could take up to 5 days, a time-frame that seems excessive, but at least they were upfront about the slow reply rate. Maybe they had only a couple people to sift through all of the emails. More likely there were more complaints than any number of people could handle. I regret I can not post my original email, but it was sent from their site, not my email carrier. Alas, I have no access to it. You will have to trust is was much like my phone message requesting a copy of their receipt policy -- let the 5 day clock begin.

 -------------------------  On  day 3 I received the following email:

Thank you for taking the time to share your comments with us.
We do not have any further information for you at this time.  However, I have forwarded your message to the appropriate department for their review and requested that they follow-up on your comments.
Please feel free to contact us again at any time.

 -------------------------  On  day 6 I sent the following email:

To whom it may concern:

On Friday, May 4th, I sent an email through the "contact us" link of your web site. 3 days later I received this auto responder saying that "We do not have any further information for you at this time", and I have yet to be informed that there *is* additional information.

My simple request of informing me of your receipt policy was sparked by an oddity on my last visit to Carl's. It is now obvious that the reason neither I, nor other patrons, were given receipts was that the transactions were not rung into the register. Be advised that I no longer need that policy, the reason for which is described below.

* The response time from your web site is long, and in my opinion, unacceptable. *To date, I have yet to hear back from anyone.*
* In addition to sending that email I called the telephone number posted on the door and left a voice mail. *To date, I have yet to hear back from anyone.*
* A simple request like the one I had originally made should have been handled in under 24 hours.
* It is now apparent that customers are a terrible inconvenience to you, therefor, I shall make your jobs easier by cancelling the request for the information and no longer being a customer. The service I have received is equal to that in the restaurant(s). Slow. I shall not bother returning.

 -------------------------  On  day 7 I received the following emails:

Thank you for taking the time to contact us.

I assure you that every effort is being made to address this situation.  I have escalated the report concerning your initial comments and these additional comments.  I have contacted the appropriate management regarding your experience at this particular restaurant as well as forwarded your comments to our corporate representatives.

Thank you for giving us the opportunity to address your concerns.  If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call (877) 799-7827.

-------------------------  And:

My name is Sandra Bacon and I am the District Manager for the store that you vistited (visited) last week. I'm sorry that you did not get my response. It is much easier to have a phone number to call than rely on email. I would like to personally talk to you regarding the reciept (i before e EXCEPT after c) issue. If you would please call me on my cell at 702-561-2101.

Thank you,

Sandra
District Manager


Over 6 weeks have passed and I never did that policy!
I really like the current SUPER BACON cheeseburger.  Get that thing with the double patties, and it is pretty darn good.
I've been coming to this particular Carl's Jr. since they've opened. I'm not a regular but I just noticed something different...CLEAN !,  I mean, someone is always cleaning something and I'm impressed! The employees are mature and very service oriented.
Came here for breakfast with my husband. Im thankful since they are open 24/7 that in the morning I can get anything on the menu. Working Graveyard shift you sometime get tired of breakfast food and want a Hamburger!!
I got the Santa Fe Chicken burger and my husband ordered the breakfast burrito with nothing HOT/SPICEy in it. 
When we got to the window they were very concerned to what exactly made it hot for my husband and even offered to change the cheese for him to. On top of that they gave us two of the homemade biscuts and jelly they have now for free.
The biscutts were GOOD and the staff was Great.
We will be back
Surprisingly good for a fast food joint!

My brother insisted I try them when I told him I'd never eaten there before. Hesitatingly, I agreed. 

I was instantly drawn in to the ginormous picture on the front window of "Memphis BBq burger" and my bro explained the whole $6 burger deal with them. Apparently this is their moneymaker burgers and I went ahead and ordered the BBQ burger with sweet potato fries. 

The burger was darn good!  It was a cheeseburger with crispy onion strings, BBQ sauce and pulled pork. I could have used a little more of the pork but everything seemed of good quality and I was pretty impressed with this joint.  

I'll stop hating on Carl Jr's from now on!!!
We tried Carl's Jr. for the first time today.  This location was clean and the service was very good.  They gave us a number and delivered the food directly to our table.  They even checked on us after a few minutes.  

I stuck with the chicken fingers and fries - I enjoyed the BBQ sauce but the fries were nothing special.  My husband said he really liked his burger (the famous star).  

Overall I probably won't be craving this but it wasn't bad and I'd likely go back if my husband wanted it again.
It's not often I'm impressed with a fast food joint, but this place did good.  Yesterday I went to the drive through to take a burger home for dinner. Long story short, one daughter working, the other at a movie with friends, the wife out of town.  I'm on my own....no need to cook a meal.

The girl at the drive through was friendly and courteous.  Food was prepared relatively quickly, and the best part is....they got it right! I got exactly what I ordered! That doesn't happen often, so I'm happy to write a good review for a burger place.
This place was probably the worst service I have ever had. Everything I ordered came out wrong, and the girl that took my order was super rude. I will for sure not be going back to this location.
Just got out of work, decided I'd go to Carl's. I order my food and its descent. But what really made me give the place two stars would be the service. It was horrible. Never coming back to this location.
I don't understand why the reviews are so bad. I'm a long-timer here, so I've come to expect great service, "my pleasure", and always great food.
Your typical Carl's Jr.  

Though, we DID order a six dollar burger and a chicken club (they were out of both types of meat at the time, though, believe it or not).

I will say that the guy at the drive through window (I went sometime around 1AM) was exceptionally nice and courteous.
This place is very clean and the staff is super friendly
Big Carl is great! I am a fan and they have great specials in our mail each week!
Slow service. I've been sitting in my car for 20 minutes now. They are averaging 5 minutes a car. Good food but I just want a quick bite and go to bed already!!!!

Update over 30 minutes now. Beware of midnight drive thrus.
I've been here once or twice now.... Or a few more... I guess I'm a regular by now. Easily the best Carl's I've ever been to. The staff is so friendly, service is FAST and really accurate, definitely exceeds expectations of a fast food joint. If you've given up hope of quick eats, check THIS location out. Whatever work ethic the management trains their employees with, it is instilled. And more times than not, that's what brings my business around. I like the food, love the people. They all have smiles and they give me one every time I come. :)
This is the cleanest carls junior i have ever been too.  
The staff is great amd service is fast.
The food tastes excellent.
Just redeemed my Carls Rewards for a free meal !!!!!!   The meal was pretty good, but this location wasn't the best. The food just didn't taste the same, there was only one guy running the front. He was taking front orders, plus drivethru and bagging food!!! Seems like he needed a bit of help.  If I had of been paying cash for the meal, I just might've sent it back or asked for a new burger to be made. But all and all it was ok.
This is one of the better locations.

Always receive fast, friendly service here.

The staff is very sociable and talkative. Plus the food is always fresh, I haven't had a bad experience here yet.
Drive thru botched order by not including straws or dipping sauces. Does that warrant a one-star? I dunno, it's just stoopid.
I knew better than to stop by here, but I was hungry and I no longer resist the temptation to try some of those "fresh made" Breaded Chicken Tenders.  I ordered a 3 Piece Chicken Tender, Bean Burrito, and Western Bacon Cheeseburger.  

It took a while for the food to come out....I guess they really do make them by hand.  The first item I had was the Western Bacon Cheeseburger.....once upon a time, this was my favorite Burger.  Now, it's just awful.  The Bacon doesn't even taste like Bacon.....it's that paper-thin, pre-cooked, microwave Bacon, blech!  And the Onion Rings inside the Burger were very poor quality....I took one bite and the entire Onion came out of the Ring because it was so tough.

Next up was the Bean Burrito....it was just ok.  I'd rather have a Bean Burrito from Taco Bell or Del Taco.  Don't know why I ordered it.

Last up was the Hand Breaded Chicken Tenders.....I saved them for last because if they were fresh, they'd be piping hot and I don't want to burn my mouth.  I bit into the first piece and yuck!!!  It was rubbery.....just awful.  I didn't finish the rest of them.....what a waste of time, money, and calories. Damn.

They get 2 Stars instead of 1 Star because the employees were very nice and friendly and the place was clean.  You can have your Happy Star!

Return Factor - 0.001%
Grandson loves the large burgers but I won,t go there unless we have a 2 for 1 coupon which they seem to publish often.
We had to the try the new chicken tenders that keep appearing in commercials. It was ok nothing spectacular. Raising canes is better to me. If you need a quick meal, its not that bad. The service was really slow for some reason. There wasn't a lot of people inside, maybe the drive thru was busy. Its a small Carls inside a gas station.
So i went here one late night freaking starving! So I decided to get something real quick. This carls jr was the first fast food I spotted. And my experience in this particular carls jr drive thru was theee worst service I have experienced in my life! First of all the woman at the drive thru took at least 3minutes to even respond and she got my order wrong twice! I actually had to pull up to the srive thru wondow because she could not get my order correct. Finally she gives me total with a rude tone and slams the window in my face while Im asking very politely if she can repeat my order. And to believe it or not that was only strike one for me! so finally she gets back to the window 5 min later (and I am not stretching the truth at all when I say she took 5 min) literally snatches the money from my hand (strike 2) and again slams the window in my face! Ugh! I was really getting to my very last nerve at this point. So she takes awhile to come back my food and of course she gets my order wrong. (strike 3) she over charged me! And surprisingly I kept my cool. So I drive away and get get home and she totally skimped me on my fries!  I dont know if this lady was out to get me or if someone is trying to test my patience! who knows! Maybe she was having a bad day and decided to take it out on me? But this is THE LAST TIME im ever eating carls jr EVERRR!
It's fast food, nothing extraordinary, but I love fast food.  I usually hit this location because it's close to the office, they have a good chicken salad and they give me a big glass of water at no charge.  But the last couple times I have been through, they were out of large salad bowls (offering two garden salads with a side of chicken for the same price - um, no thanks) and refused my water request.  Apparently now if you want a glass of water that is larger than a thimble, you have to pay full soda price.  I don't mind paying for the cup inventory but I'm not paying for something I can get from my tap.  And thanks for making me beg for the cup of water which had no ice in it and you didn't give me a straw to drink it with.  Too kind!
dirty
I've come to this Carl's Jr on a number of occasions and have always received really friendly and attentive service here. I don't normally give four star reviews to fast food chains, but they really seem to go above and beyond at this location.
I love Carl's Jr. I am a burger lover, and well, when you have tried as many burgers as I have, you know when it's going to be good with the first bite and their six dollar burgers are consistently good every time! 

Since I loved the burgers so much I decided to try other items on their menu and I have a few favorites there too! What is especially good about their menu is that it allow me to go low carb if I am watching them (seems it's always a struggle) and the breakfast bowl is great for keeping me satisfied, flavored just right and is most certainly on the low carb menu! So most mornings, I'll be stopping in for the low carb bowl and a large Diet Dr. Pepper!
It's hard to write a review of fast food...it all pretty much tastes the same.  So, I am not going to write a review of the food that I threw away...instead, I will write a review of the guy working the counter...He was simply great.   He had suggestions, he had a smile, he was articulate and he remembered my name when handing me my food.   Good job brother!
Guacamole 6 dollars burger is awesome!!!
I give it four stars
The breakfast is very good now. They even have jelly :) But no grape only strawberry that sucks but Its a step up for them. Getting under cooked breakfast meat is never a joy to me when ever I go they have to recook my order. So 4 stars it is.
mmm
It's 2 for 1 review day!  I can't review the Walmart without reviewing the McDonald's that resides inside.  And boy is it some tantalizing stuff.

I try not to give too many 1-star reviews but this McDonald's so deserves it.  I hardly frequent a McDonald's at all (although this is my second McDonald's review in less than a week) but I need to let the peeps in on this one.  No Yelper should go unwarned.  

Of course I came to McDonald's since I have those coupons for their new contraption, the McWrap.  Which when I pronounce very fast and in my Scottish accent sounds much like 'McCrap'.  After my second go round with this thing, I have made up my mind it is decidedly so.  I need to write McDonald's execs to change the name on this thing immediately.

My coupon for the day was buy a medium fries and a medium drink, get a McWrap of your choice for FREE.  I have a hard time resisting free.  I'm here to tell you...WORST ALMOST FREE MEAL OF MY LIFE!!!  Seriously.

It was the tail end of lunchtime so the line was still a bit busy.  I patiently waited for almost 10 minutes...which is like forever in McDonald's time.  At least two folks left the line while I was there.  I know it's not McDonald's fault, but the couple in front of me took up majority of the line space because they were in motorized wheelchairs.  And they were very loud.  This doesn't bother me much.  But...they were also very stinky.  Yes, stinky.  I have no problem with stinky in most cases (I occasionally help the homeless so I know) but the guy in front of me hadn't washed in DAYS if I were to guess.  To each his own, and I know it's almost summer so I know we all want to save water...but DAMN.  If I get a whiff and I have to take a step back?  You might be S-T-I-N-K-Y.  But who am I to judge?  I took a big step back and waited my turn.  Free is the motivation here.  I finally get up there to the McDonald's cashier and present my coupon to the guy.  He takes a look at it and says 'We don't usually take the promo coupons at this location but we'll let you use it."  Then he proceeds to put the coupon onto a stack of...more coupons!  Mind boggling to say the least.  He takes my order of a medium fries and medium drink, asks me what type of McWrap I want (Grilled Chicken & Bacon) and rings me up.  $2.91 later I'm given my receipt and asked to wait for my number to be called.

I wait.  And wait.  #1!  #2!  #3!  #5!  #6!  #7!  #8!  Obviously I'm #4 and 10 minutes later I am still waiting.  Honestly, what the Hell are you guys doing back there?  Mixing the masa for my fresh pressed tortilla?  Feathering a chicken?  Perhaps ripening a tomato?  I ask the McDonald's runner and he tells me, "We're waiting for your McWrap."  Of course.

At this point I'm almost running late to be back at work, so the minute I get my order I bolt back to the office and have lunch at my desk.  Thankfully I'm only three minutes away.  I really, really should have just gone to the vending machine or eaten my stash of Reese's chocolate peanut butter eggs from last Easter.  Talk about disappointment!  I take out my McWrap from my bag and lay down the box of fries on my desk.  I continue working while munching away on what is supposed to be McDonald's claim to fame.  Their golden fries.  I bite into one, eh a bit stale.  I bit into another one, eh not enough salt.  I bite into yet another one, eh cold??  I look down, and whaddaya know?  My damn fry is not even barely cooked!  White like Olivia Wilde in the winter.  I look through the entire box and find at least half a dozen fries not cooked properly!  Not golden brown!  Not delicious!  Barely out of their frozen state, and just limp.  Not acceptable!  Please check my pic for proof of this travesty.  McDonald's not doing their fries right is like IKEA not serving their Swedish Meatballs with gravy.  NO BUENO.

After getting over this somewhat I finally hit my stride to go on to my Grilled Chicken & Bacon McWrap.  Wow, talk about lightning striking twice.  This thing was lifeless!  After unwrapping this beast (the box is still the best part about this McWrap), I could just tell something was off.  Tortilla was already showing signs of being soggy way too long.  The chicken peeking out of the top was not looking tip top shape either.  After some hesitation, I took a bite.  UGH I say, UGH!  Freshness was not part of the gameplan for this McDonald's today.  All cold and soggy!  And upon all, my McWrap wasn't built correctly!  Instead of having Spring Mix like it's supposed to, there was plain old shredded iceberg lettuce!  And my bacon was missing!  In the words of our Lord Darth Vader....NOOOOOOOO!  It was McCrap through & through.  Totally upset over this one.  I have picture proof of this travesty of gourmet eats as well.  

McDonald's you have pissed off the wrong fatty.  I will definitely be calling your hotline to complain about this one for sure.  Knowing my luck I'll get a coupon for a free McWrap.  CRAP.
Discusting & Dirty!!!  If it weren't for my Gson I would have left. I took pictures I hope you can see what's going on here.
I had an internet coupon that was only good on Friday for a serving of one of their new menu items.  What better opportunity to review a newly opened location.  This is one of their newer stand alone buildings.  Inside it was arranged differently than an end cap which gave a more open view of the kitchen as you wait.  And boy did I wait, the person 2 people in front of me got the last of the orange chicken.  The new layout gives the orange chicken double billing as opposed to being equal in chafing dish size in the older arrangement.

The big woks really are not used for much of the cooking until the end.  I watched them start several items, including orange chicken, and they are poured from a big plastic bag of frozen whatever into a pan on a scale.  Them many of them go into the deep fryer.  When they are done then they go into the wok and the sauce is added, quickly tossed then put in the chafing dish.  I was surprised to see that as I cook the same way when doing a stir fry, even though I often cook each item in my wok they each will get set aside until all are done and I drain off the oil and put everything in and add the sauce just letting it cook long enough at that point to get hot.

The new item, sweet fire chicken, was ok.  In general Panda is ok food that is consistent from store to store. And inexpensive.  I think I like some of small strip mall places we have here just as well if not better.

This being a brand new location everything was spotless.  It would have been nice if my coupon covered more than $1 of my meal.
Panda Express...nothing new. But this one gets a review because the service alone sucked! The food warrants a "meh". I was ignored and skipped at the beginning of the line, then screwed over at the end of it. Turns out, if you order any sort of shrimp entree, it's $1 extra. Is that posted anywhere? Nope! Orange chicken was kind of bland, the shrimp were good, and the egg rolls weren't so delicious?! After all the carbs, I was ready for a nap. Overall, not a good experience and won't be going back to this one.
Service was friendly... food tasted like it had been sitting for a while. My shrimp walnut was mushy, not crunchy like it usually is.
I am so sorry to have to do this, I do feel that if you can't say anything nice, ... well, you know ... so I don't.  But this restaurant is awful, despite the fact that they just remodeled.  I tried it a month ago because I wanted to try the 1/3 angus burger and see what that was all about.  The burger was "okay", but it was almost necessary to run a gauntlet to get it.  Right next to the front door, they had a full, full garbage can, and the stench was horrible - right next to the front door.  And then, I kid you not, I had to walk through a swarm of flies on my way to the front counter.  NOT appetizing.  I mentioned this to friends who said call the health dept., but I'm not going to do that to someone unless I see poisoned people in the aisles, let someone else do it if they want.  The reason I'm compelled to write is that I wanted to try another product (this is really close to my house), a chicken biscuit to compare to one I had in St. Louis to see if there were any decent biscuits here and McD's advertises this all the time - the biscuit was overcooked and horrible and the chicken was burnt.  I wasn't going in after the first experience, but I figured the drive through would be okay. The first window where they take the money was "womanned" by what seemed to be the manager, she was beyond rude.  The take out window girl was nicer, at least she smiled.  There are a lot of nice nice people at McDonalds, and a few have better food, but not this one!  Again, sorry...
I would give this place a 0-star review if I could! I swung by with my son (autistic ADHD/severe-anxiety), and my cousin while on our way home from job-hunting.

1. First off the cashier serving us--I had to repeat parts of the order a few times, he repeated some way wrong, then he repeated the whole thing and I heard burger in part of the order (wow this place was noisy, too), so I thought he finally got it right and I was tired of how long it took to order a burger for my son who's very particular about what he gets (was ordering as a reward for being good), and get myself and my cousin a couple spicy chickens.

2. The guy didn't give us our soda cups, IT TOOK COMPLAINING TO ANOTHER PERSON TO GET SOMEONE TO GIVE US THE CUPS FOR THE SODAS WE BOUGHT!! (Thank you, miss!) And we weren't the only customers he wasn't giving cups to, might I add!

3. We walked to the table to get out of the way and I looked everything over to make sure it was right...Spicy Mc Chicken instead of a burger. So I thought, they're busy, I'd ask if my son wanted to try a chicken sammich, he was fine if I scraped everything off. Someone who was working here said its not necessary and she'd get what he ordered. (Another nice lady!)

4. The cashier came to our table and started ARGUING WITH US, walked away and asked (a manager? I couldn't see), then came back and said "We'll have to charge you to get what you wanted", when all they had to do was replace the $1 Mc Chicken with a $1 burger with only ketchup on it. Other McD's have made the simple swap without hassle when they've messed up, although mess-ups have still been rare and except for this McD, those cashiers didn't try to pin the blame on the customer!

End of it: I simply told him that he can forget about that, that we weren't going to pay extra to buy another item because HE messed up, and none of us are ever eating here again. Some other McD's can get our money.

Putting smiles on kids' faces, huh? Yeah right.


EDIT: Oh, and we didn't get our receipt back, so I can't exactly take it straight to the store manager. But we did get names.
Dear McDonalds Corporate. The franchisee running this McD location needs to be recalled to Hamburger University and retrained on how to run their franchise properly. This location fails on so many things. Start by teaching the staff to listen to a customer's order. Follow up by teaching them the importance of order accuracy over sheer speed. Train the staff to give the customer options if something is not available. And last but certainly not least spend some money to make sure your basic equipment works correctly. For example if you're a McCafe location and every time someone rolls up to your drive thru and they can't order anything, you're really not a McCafe location at all. 

In short most of the problems at this McDonalds can be traced back to MANAGEMENT FAILURE. Someone needs to extract their head from their derriere and run this location the way it's supposed to be run. 2 Stars and a complaint to McD Corporate in Illinois is the best I can give this place.
I was urged to try this newly opened restaurant by my coworkers. I was happily surprised that the fried chicken was exceptional. It was so crispy! I didn't try the gravy that came with it. The Spaghetti was equally satisfying. It is sweet with hot dogs cut up in it. I will definitely order from this place again.
The location is great for those who live on the west side, near the movie theater also. The Yumburger was soggy. Palabok, Spaghetti and Chicken Joy was acceptable. The restaurant overall was clean and I like the fact that it's right next to Red Ribbon. 

I thought the "Chicken and Burgers" sign under the Jollibee sign was brilliant, it can attract audience not familiar with the brand.

Near the restroom area a saw a party section if you do decide to have a kid's party. It's tucked at the back of the store.
Pros:
Tasty lumpia.
Feels good to finally have a Filipino restaurant on the southwest side. 
Prices aren't too shabby. 

Cons:
The name Yumburger is inaccurate. It should be renamed Yuckburger. Yuck. 

Will update once I try the chicken everyone raves about.
I was over joyed to see a new food place opening in the neighborhood, let alone a filipino joint!

The restaurant was busy and not very clean.

I brought my family to lunch in this area and had no idea what to order, but after a suggestion from the employees, I got the following:

- The Yum Burger
- Lumpia
- Chicken for my kids

After getting our food and taking our first bites, I knew it wasn't go to go well.  My kids didn't like their chicken and when I tried it I can see why.

The Yum burger was OK, but I wouldn't eat it again.  The lumpia came out different than what I expected...  Imagine if you took some real lumpia, shrank it to the size of a french fry, fried it dry in the microwave for 20 minutes and then added water and microwaved it again to reconstitute it.  You get an interesting concoction. 

Everyone also had a very heavy feeling after eating.  That is no good.  It's like you just put sand in your gas tank.

Regrettably, I do not recommend this place at all. :(
My review for Jollibee was months in the making. Somehow words were escaping me on how to best describe my experience here. I struggled on not turning this into a fecal focused review about the place. as you can see I failed miserably. Well.....

Holy Crap Batman, that is what I was thinking a few hours after visiting this fine restaurant. Now I am not one to be crude, but their food is not exactly easy on the bowels if you know what I mean. I give it two stars just because of the twisted names of some of their menu items,. I had the Aloha burger and it does mean hello and goodbye!
There is a Kentucky Fried Chicken in the same vicinity but I choose Jollibee almost every time. It's not because of their chicken but because they offer white rice as a side dish. Jollibee's chicken isn't as crunchy as KFC's but I prefer white rice with my meal. Jollibee's chicken comes with a side of brown dipping sauce. I usually pass on it because I prefer making my own sauce (rice vinegar, 3 cloves of crushed garlic, crushed red pepper, and if you like it salty a little bit of patis). I also like the fact that I can get Mountain Dew with my meal because most fast food places don't offer it. Their lumpia (egg rolls) is okay but I prefer Jack in the Box's egg rolls because they're tastier. I've tried their mini sandwiches that have the corned beef and the spam in them but after a while I get nauseous because their is too much mayo on them. When I'm not ordering through the drive thru I like to go inside and look at their pastries and breads because their is a Red Ribbon Bakery in there.I like the fact that I don't have to go all the way to Seafood City for Pandesal (rolls).
I've never claimed to be very Pinoy. I haven't been to the Philippines since I was about 8 years old and until a couple of weeks ago in San Francisco, I had never been to a Jollibee before. Well that visit inspired me to finally check out one of the Vegas locations.

My mentality as I approached the drive-thru window was simple. I might as well order everything I want to try now. Just get it out of the way so I don't have to come back. I ended up spending $14!

The verdict? The fried chicken was just so so. The side of mashed potatoes tasted like instant. The side of corn fared better, but basically that fried chicken combo was a bust.

Fortunately, the Filipino style spaghetti rocked! Honestly, I used to hate the sweetness of Filo spaghetti sauce. I'm probably still partial to a good, tart Italian Bolognese, but I'm totally down with Filo spaghetti these days and it is something that Jollibee does right.

On to dessert. You can get two pies for $3, so I opted to get both the Mango Peach and the Banana Langka (jackfruit). The Mango Peach was pretty good in its own right, but OMG! The Banana Langka is a superstar. I would totally come back just for that. It's basically like Turon. And that equals yumminess.

Overall, I can't give Jollibee more than two stars. It just misses the mark on basic food flavor (I'm referring to the fried chicken deal and the one bite of my cousin's cheeseburger I tried in SF). Still, it is totally worth a visit just for that Banana Langka Pie!
I was never really in to Jollibee and didn't see the big deal to it.  But, every time I mention that we have them in Las Vegas to some of my friends, they make such a big fuss over it.  I stumbled in to this one a few months back and was not very impressed.  I had their palabok and chicken dish with coke for beverage.  Needless to say, I was disappointed.  Their food is overpriced, not worth the money.  I actually thought that McDonald's is better to go back to.  That's a sad comparison.

My cousin came over to my house one time and brought over Jollibee from this same restaurant.  He got the spaghetti, pies, and forgot what else.  I was actually more impressed with it that time.  The spaghetti was really tasty and the flavors were impressive.  The balance between salty and sweet was perfect.  I wondered if it's just a hit and miss.

Today, I went back and used the drive through.  It's very slow and employees look a little depressed and unhappy to be serving me.  Maybe I just looked like I was not worth serving.  Who knows?  I ordered the JolliHotDog and Spaghetti because of the good impression I had in my mind from when my cousin came over with one.  I am convinced it's a hit and miss.  My hot dog was not worth $2.58.  The sauce they put on there with the cheese and banana sauce didn't go well together.  I give that a thumbs down.  The spaghetti was lacking the same taste as the one my cousin brought over.  I was disappointed once again.  It just didn't have that taste.

If I didn't have Jollibee again, it wouldn't make a difference.  I think this restaurant didn't give me the feeling of wanting more.  It was just "eh!"
You may ask yourself, why did this guy rate Jollibee so high?! 5 stars?

Well, I have my reasons and I will tell you. I grew up in the Philippines, lived there for 14 years and when I did, I never really thought much about Jollibee. When I moved to the US for school, that is when I began to really miss the unique menu and mascot of Filipino fast food. If I had lived here in the states and just tried Jollibee, I can understand a 2 or 3 star rating. But I rated it higher because of them bringing it to America. It let's me feel at home, even for 5-10 minutes. The atmosphere, the service and the customers remind me of the islands that I miss so much.

That's why I rated it 5 stars, how many places can offer garlic rice with longanisa? Spam? Corned beef?! Pan de sal? All on the go? Spaghetti! Not many.

When I go to Jollibee, I always get the yum with cheese and spaghetti. Only in the Philippines is where we offer rice and spaghetti in the same place. Now many non-filipino's may find that wrong or weird.. But to me, its awesome.

Heck, even the McDonalds and KFC in the Philippines offer spaghetti. It's not your regular Italian style, we put sugar and hot dogs in ours. Which I think is better.

I think it may be an acquired taste, when I was younger I never really liked the special sauce they have.. But now its one reason I go there. I have yet to try everything, I usually get the same thing but that's because I like it so much. Anyways, if you're in the area and want to try something new.. That's fast. Go for it. Also, the good thing about this Jollibee is it shares with Red Ribbon. If you get a meal in Jollibee, get dessert at red ribbon. That's my 2 cents.. Centavos.
i come here for 2 things only. the "palabok" and "halo-halo" they serve it styro foam, upside of that is in case you cant finish, take it home. compared to many other home-style filipino restaurants, i find portions of the eats to be a little bit pricey, and not as comforting, maybe because it's a chain. but, the palabok portion is just perfect for me. and i like the texture and thickness of the sauce. 

anyways, best part of my meal would be the halo-halo. its basically a cup of shaved ice packed with a variety of tons of oriental boba's, ube (candied yam), red beans and more tasty goodness, i recommend trying it for dessert.

for the most part, i haven't gotten the best service transaction. some of the workers here always look a little stressed out, and in a hurry, i feel so rushed.

they also have a drivethru lane.
This rating is for 3.5 stars. I only had the Halo Halo here; there is a Red Ribbon bakery inside along with a few tables and chairs- a small space, though it was clean. But I liked it- it wasn't as big as Chow King's inside Seafood City (which is the BEST by the way), but I did enjoy having it since there aren't too many Filipino restaurant options in this area- the west side. (As I said before, I am very picky about Filipino food because so often, it is greasy and I don't like the orangey fatty liquid that is left on your plate, yuck and gross.) There is a bench outside but it is cold in the winter time. There is a drive-thru window as well.
Yeah I'm reviewing this watered down Filipino restaurant.  Reason why I came to eat here was because I was in the mood for a Filipino breakfast and this was the closest one to my gf's house.  What a bad choice. Sorry babe. Lol

I ordered the tocino breakfast, which came with like 6 small pieces of pork, garlic fried rice and fake scrambled egg with a tomato slice on it, and let me tell you... The tomato was so good! And that's it.  My gf ordered the spam breakfast.... The spam was cut the wrong way. How do you cut spam the wrong way? If it has squared edges you cut it the wrong way!! It has to have the rounded edges.  Spam lovers, YOU know what I mean! 

Our meals came with free coffee by the way and tasted horrible.. no wonder why it's free.  Good thing I got a cup of water too.  And the service was annoying, no kind of personality or enthusiasm, when I asked for ketchup, she gave me 3 packets.. I looked at it as she placed it in my palm... I said, can i get more please, she grabbed 2 more.. paused to think.. and grabbed another 1 packet.  Ay yi yi!  2 stars for the tomato, and good water.  Next time I come here is probably because I want something from Red Ribbon which is unfortunately, conveniently located inside Jolibee.
Yes!  The McDonalds of the Philippines (food/people...etc)!  LOL, all my fellow Pinoy's, you know what I'm talking about.  Anyways, although this is a food place, let me recommend the Boba Tea!  It is delicious!  Probably the best I've tasted in a LONG time!
Mmmm...Jollibee!  I love the fried chicken, it's lighter and tastier than say KFC or Popeyes (Popeyes=ewwww anyways) or anything Americans are used to as far as fried chicken goes.  Their Spicy?  Is SPICY.  One piece of their spicy fried chicken and I'm done!  But oh so good.  If you like spaghetti, don't eat their spaghetti thinking it's just spaghetti.  It's a sweeter sauce with hot dogs in it.  Yesss, hot dogs.  Don't dog it (hehe) til you try it!  Lumpia is delicious and crispy.  I wish there was a Jollibee closer to Henderson (not the Maryland location...I mean HENDERSON.), because they'd get my business like no other.
Service crew is very slow.
Good food but the service sucks!!
Not a lot of filipino places but when i saw I had a Jollibee next to my place I was kinda stoked.  Just because I knew if I wanted to get Filipino Food, I could.  i didn't have to wait for my aunt to go come to town or for my cuz to make filipino spaghetti!  My boyfriend actually likes the sweet potato fries because they are spicy and sweet.  They could be spicier but it's still good.  Plus, seeing the big Bee outside is pretty funny!  Service is great, unlike some other filipino places in Vegas.
Jollibee = fried chicken. & that's about it.
Everything else is too salty or too sweet. Meals & desserts, respectively.
The TFC they play gets pretty old, but I think that's just me.
Oh, the tocino breakfast is pretty good.
After watching my cousin quickly devour half the menu at a Jollibee in Manila, I had kind of lost my taste for Jollibee. Now that there's one pretty close to where I live, I do wander in from time to time. That said, the service is sometimes really great and sometimes kind of off (or pretty off). I mostly come here if I'm feeling too lazy or cheap to drive farther for good filipino food. It's awfully convenient sometimes.
The fried chicken is nothing special. The entire experience is like (what I would imagine would be) going to an "American Fast Food" joint in the Philippines. Which is kitsch and cute, but we're not in the Philippines, and there's both better Filipino food and American food readily available nearby.
This palce use to have the best fried chicken until they stopped changing the oil! I defintely can tell the difference when the oil isnt changed! I tried this 3 different times and still the same taste old frying oil taste!!! This ruined it for me otherwise it used to be good!
I am Filipino and I am proud to be one, I give jollibee 5 stars because I am not a hypocrite, I will admit I EAT at jollibee because my kid is crazy about chicken joy and every time I feel nostalgic for my country of birth i come here. So I do not know why there are so many haters out there rating this place so low when they keep coming back here anyways... You know who you are... And why even bother to write a review...just to prove that you are above jollibee? FYI KFC in the same complex closed down... I think this is because jollibee was getting all the business instead. So don't listen to all those haters (especially if you are Filipino) go ahead and indulge yourself in the crispy skin of chicken joy and the yummy sweet spaghetti. Go ahead and relive your childhood days of yore...
Ok, so when I go back on my trips to Vegas, this place is right acroos the street from where I stay..As much as I don't like this place, I find myself constantly trying it out again, and again and again...like a bad movie on replay...I think it's because they have Spam there...and yes that mystery meat people on the mainland thumb their nose down to...But we Hawaiians live on this stuff and Love it...So this is why I go there a lot, because where else in the states do you see Spam on the menu?...lol rhetorical.. Guess you could say I am a glutton for punishment!
Can you say bland? Ideally I'd give Jollibee a 2.5 star rating (mainly since the wife seems to like it). Their food isn't bad...or good...it's...food. The service was OK... the chicken was apparently fried on the surface of the sun (still waiting to see if my taste buds will come back to life) and the sides were forgettable. Reminds me of eating in a school lunchroom...
You gotta be in the culture to be a fan otherwise you just dont get it. 

Can't go wrong. 

Chicken is delicious, with or without the gravy.

I'm in love with the spaghetti and pancit.
Now being a proud Filipino person, I gotta say I love my people.  My peeps.  My bretheren.  But Filipino fast food?  Not so much love.  Jollibee does some things right, but some things not so right.  Damn...can you say over-processed food!?  

Jollibee is of course, the Filipino equivalent of your American McDonald's or Burger King.  It was created when settlers from the lost tribes of the Philippine forests ventured to the soil of modern society and proclaimed that the world was their oyster...errr...balot.  Okay, fine, fine.  Jollibee got its start in Daly City, CA by trying to give Filipino-American families a taste of home that was long forgotten.  Apparently my Nanay and Tatay both missed the taste of the PI with burgers, chicken, and sweet spaghetti!  And the joy of that strange red and white bee buzzing around.

Honestly, Jollibee is about as Filipino as I am to looking like an Asian Brad Pitt (though on most days I'm closer to Jo Koy).  Close...but no cigar.  This is Filipino trying to attract caucasians at it's finest.  No offense to caucasians (especially you - Most Desirable Woman of 2012 Jennifer Lawrence), but not much Filipino influence is to be had here.  It is for all-intentional purposes, dumbed down for American audiences.  Which is a bit of a disappointment because real Filipino food is bursting with real flavor!  Patis here, bagoong there, jufran here, 'all-purpose' sauce there...pork EVERYWHERE...that is real Filipino food.  Jollibee, ai sos, I don't know what to tell you.

Of course I eat at Jollibee occasionally because my kids somehow like it here.  My little one goes, "This is how they eat in the Philippines?  Yummy!"  Now I've never been back to my homeland, but I'm 110% sure this isn't how most folks eat there.  I've seen the PI episodes for both No Reservations and Bizarre Foods so I know!  Tony Bourdain and Andrew Zimmern cannot be deceived!    

Going to the food.  For fast foods standards it's OK.  Nothing special for the most part, but somehow comforting at the same time.  It is nice to see Filipinos congregating in the same place considering what a melting pot Las Vegas is.  It's kinda like eating at the communal table.  Except we are all partaking in a lot of sodium and artificial flavoring.  But who said MSG was bad for you, eh?  Jollibee's menu is all over the place!  They got burgers, fried chicken, fried fish, Italian spaghetti, palabok, hot dogs...it's nuts!  Then of course you got sides like waffle fries, mashed potatoes and gravy, and white rice.  Filipino, right?  And who can forget the creative names for some of their food?  Fried chicken is called 'Chickenjoy',  and there's burgers called the 'Amazing Aloha' (it has pineapple in it) and the 'Big Yum!'  (I have never had it but I am assuming it is BIG and YUMMY).  Gotta love the marketing.

If you've had fast food before you know what to expect from Jollibee.  It all tastes strangely the same.  I will give them credit for their Chickenjoy though, it's pretty darn good!  Especially when it's fresh out of the fryer.  Something about getting a side of gravy to dip your fried chicken in is very appealing to me.  Add a side of mashed potatoes and corn and I'm in.  Jollibee Chickenjoy rivals that of your big chain fried chicken joints.  Masarap!

Jollibee does breakfast as well, and I think that this is actually better than their lunch and dinner menu.  What Filipino doesn't like garlic fried rice with a sunny-side-up fried egg and your choice of meat?  Especially when your choice of meat includes pork tocino, fried milkfish belly, corned beef, or SPAM?  Lovely!  Bring on some shoyu, Filipino ketchup, a Lipitor, lots of water and I'm all set!  Thanks for the memories.  Sure beats a friggin' Egg McMuffin!

Jollibee does dessert as well, boba drinks that they call 'Pearl Coolers' (UBE=YUM), peach and mango or banana pies (that look just like the ones from McDonald's), and the ubiquitous Halo-Halo.  International dessert of the Philippines!  It's kinda like fruit cocktail mixed with coconut shavings, condensed milk, shaved ice, and topped with a dollop of ube and vanilla ice cream.  This one is a bit sweet for my liking though, wish there was more fruit, and less milk.  It is kinda pricey though at around $5 for a large.  But unfortunately the large only feeds piggy ol' me.  

Overall it's an OK experience.  And yes, the cashiers at Jollibee can speak English as well as Ilocano or Tagalog and are very friendly.  If you go in here and think all Filipino people eat like this then you my friend have no clue!  Ok well maybe some of us eat like that.  Most of us rather be at home with a pot of chicken adobo or fish head sinigang or kalding (goat) calderetta simmering on the stove.  Just saying.  Now that's MASARAP!
My good friend Dennis Schulz who accompanied me to this place put it best.
"TV dinner food made by Filipino people."
My family loves to eat at this place once in a while. I specially like their cakes. If you want to get someone a nice healthy B-day cake, buy a 
birthday cake at "Jollibee".
yes Jollibee is open here, but unfortunately it is hard to tell because the place is new.  I found this by accident when driving by and said yes we have to go. The chicken joy was great as well with the corn and mashed potatos for very cheap.  You can get a reward card as well for a shirt or doll, but I do not live in Las Vegas.  I really enjoyed the food like always.
Not really a great Filipino restaurant but hey you can't expect much from any fast food joint anyway. When I'm craving Filipino food but in a rush this is the place I go. Not the greatest menu. Honestly, I only like the palubok with their chicken combo. The chicken taste great especially when dipped in that gravy sauce they give along with it.

If you've never tried Filipino food, I suggest going to an authentic Filipino dine in restaurant.  I don't want you to think this is how Filipino food is supposed to taste like. 3 stars! Can't really complain since it is a fast food joint. The McDonald's of Filipino food.
Tried this place one time shortly after they opened. 

I wasn't really impressed with their food. The place did look neat and clean and the staff was very friendly.

Although I wasn't impressed with my one visit based on the customer service I'll probably try it again at some point.
I had no idea it is a Philippino restaurant. Looks like a typical fast food joint. I live in the neighborhood and saw "Chicken and Burgers" so I walked in for some chicken.  
I ordered the 3 peace chicken. Asked for all white meat. They said it is a 25 minute wait for all white. Don't know why but I said I'll wait. On the menu it says $1 upgrade for white meat. That was fine until I paid, and discovered it is $1 per peace! 3 peace chicken = $3. Not cool. 
Chicken was served with two sides. 6-7 peaces of french fries and a tablespoon of corn. Chicken was decent but not worth $12. Pepeys chicken is much better for half the price. 
I'm never going there again.
I wasn't sure what to expect when I came here, but I was surprised to find it was spaghetti with some sort of gravy for sauce and fried chicken as a side. Didn't really set well with my stomach as far as taste, and the price was a bit high for what you get.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 69/100

FYI, Jollibee is like the McDonald's of the Philippines: notice the flamboyant mascot, pretty 'eh' of a menu, and its prolificness. They both have kiddie toys and accommodate birthday parties for teeny tots! 

Tonight, I got to attend a birthday event for one of my good friend's daughter who just turned 2 years old. We were provided with a private room with enough space for the guests (make that roughly 30) and an open space for the kids to play around and dance. People were given an hour to munch and socialize, which was then followed by an hour-long program that consisted of games for the kids (and one for the adults!) and finally, a dance number by the bumble bee mascot. He sure 'stung' that one Psy song like a boss! We all had fun and I could've sworn tonight's experience felt like I was teleported back to the Philippines for a while. (or maybe even Hong Kong - Yes, they have Jollibees there too!) The cashier up front even greeted me with the Filipino honorific 'po' when I ordered some food to-go! Awesometastic. 

Nonetheless, as much as I loved the company of tonight's crowd, Jollibee won't go up to my top 10 (or even 20) of fast food joints any time soon. The chicken joy is basically another word for 'Popeye chicken', with jollibee gravy added in. Oh, and there was so much fat attached to the chicken's skin, I wouldn't be surprised if you confused its consistency with jello. On a brighter note, I probably like the spaghetti best, sweet red sauce with hot dogs, very Filipino - lovveeee! Halo halo (shaved ice with beans, fruits, jelly and ice cream etc.) isn't bad either. Choose that for dessert or the peach mango pie. It's probably their alternative for the apple pie at Mickey D's for all I know!
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #2

Jollibee got the honors for our next Halo-Halo Challenge.  They say pictures are worth a 1000 words. Well, when we walked into Jollibee, Bam! In our face was a beautiful sight...a poster of a perfectly made cup of Halo-Halo. For about $5, I was hoping we got exactly what the picture demonstrated...ube ice cream, flan, sweetened condensed milk, red beans, green jelly, and coconut packed in shave ice.  I think a little ube syrup was even added just for show (see pictures).  Our Halo-Halo tasted as good as expected. And with the Vegas heat that evening, our dessert only tasted that much better. Our Halo-Halo was sweet, cool, and had enough of the minimum ingredients to keep me satisfied until our next challenge.  So far, I'm a fan of Jollibee's Halo Squared.  My only issue...I wish there was more flan and some legit ube (not ice cream).

PS: For an appetizer before our Halo-Halo Challenge, I tried their Beef Tenders (Tapa).  This was basically seasoned and caramelized beef steak, eggs, and rice.  So good and a perfect quick meal before any Halo-Halo Challenge.


Halo-Halo:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jollibee-las-vegas-2?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#Cot3wGtkvTNtq_OTutVyzA

2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Contender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
I never go to jollibee and I have my reasons which I will explain below. We had a halo-halo craving and this was the closest place at the time to get it. Man was I totally disappointed! I should have just spent that $5 on a tub of ice cream. 

Upon walking in, holy jeez it was hot!! The ac was not on. All they had were multiple large fans circulating hot air! It was like walking into a giant oven. 

Next, my halo halo was pretty much just ice. It was topped with ube and mango ice cream and flan. I mixed it in with the rest and it was still bland. A halo halo is supposed to be chunky with a whole bunch of ingredients. But did I get that?! Nope!!! Just a little bit of red bean and 2 or 3 of the jelly things. The rest was all ice. Complete fail of a halo halo. 

As for the food, I don't eat it. Spaghetti is uber greasy. If you want Filipino spaghetti, just go to seafood city, buy the ingredients and make it yourself. Hell, I was born and raised in California and I make Filipino spaghetti better. Plus it's supposed to have hot dog pieces in the sauce. There's like 5. Another fail. The fried chicken, I don't know what it is, but it always has this weird taste. Like it's fried with old oil or something. It's like a rich taste, but not good. The chicken is served with a side of a gravy. For me, gravy doesnt really go well with spaghetti. However, I must say that the peach mango pies are delish. The crust is crisp and light while the filling is not too sweet. I once bought 6 of them so I could eat them later on. 

Only reason I gave them 2 stars was the staff. They are always so nice and quick with orders.
Jollibees leaves me a bit perplexed.  I came in looking for a unique ethnic dining experience.  I left with root beer, a piece of fried chicken and sweet spaghetti with hot dogs and ham in the sauce.  I'm not saying it was bad.  Just not what I expected.  Sure, I could have ordered something more like what I was expecting.  Something with more Asian or Island influence.  But I honeslty did not know what any of it was.  I should not let that scare me and I usually don't.  I do enjoy trying new things.  But that is after some previously obtained knowledge.  I know very little about Philipino food culture.  So I went with what was familiar to me.  Fried chicken and spaghetti.  The chicken was not the best I've had.  It was not terribly crispy.  And the spaghetti was like something I would expect a child to eat.  Sweet and full of hot dogs.  That being said, I actually really did enjoy the spaghetti for what it was.  To pay around $6 or $7 for a drink, a pice of chicken and a scoop of spaghetti seemed too much.  And the restaurant was terribly hot.  Their air unit must have gone out.  The tables were warm to the touch and there were noisy fans all over the place.  I don't place any blame on the owners or management for this.  I just warn everybody out there in Yelplandia that it may be uncomfortably hot in the Jollibees on West Sahara if you go in during the summer.
I have heard about Jollibee for quite some time and finally got the chance to try it out today.  A friend had told me that it was like the Filipino version of McDs and KFC combined with some traditional Filipino staples thrown in the mix.  And yep, that is what I thought when I saw the menu.

We had the fried chicken and the spaghetti today.  The fried chicken was tasty and I really liked the gravy to dip it in.  Yum.  The spaghetti was really different since it had cheese on top, a sweet tomato sauce, and some hot dog pieces all mixed together.  I know it sounds super weird, but it was actually good, in a strange way.  

It was a cheap meal too. For 2 adult meals and a kid's meal the total was only $16.  Not too shabby for lunch.  I wish I was more hungry because there were a lot of fun looking desserts to try.  Maybe next time...And there will be a next time!
In the area for an appointment, we were trying to find something quick to eat at 10:30 in the morning and didn't want IHOP, so we decided to give Jollibee a shot. I've been to Jollibee in So Cal before, but never to one here in town. I've never been a huge fan, but figured I'd give them another shot.

I got the spam breakfast and it was ok. The best thing about this place is that everything is so cheap, even for fast food. Nothing amazing but it satiated our craving for a quick and cheap meal while we were in the area. Good for what it is, cheap fast food.
I didn't like anything about this place. The food was bad. Nothing I tasted was good and I don't plan on coming back ever again. For the price I'd rather go to a buffet or other fast food spot.
It's good for fast and cheap food, but it's a put off eating at the restaurant sometimes. Every time I come here, there's always a big group of flies flying around. It's super annoying. 

Also, since the workers most likely don't want to work there, they're a bit rude. I guess ordering in English instead of Tagalog was a big sign of make fun of me was put on my forehead, since they kept laughing at the fact that I was probably "white washed" 

In retaliation, I thanked them in Tagalog and sat nearby talking in Tagalog to my best friend.
My daughter wanted to have lunch at Jollibee for her birthday. We had never visited before, but she had always wanted to try it because she liked the bee logo and statue. Go figure. The place was very clean, but I thought the staff could have been friendlier, especially because we were newbies and not familiar with the menu. 

We got the chicken, a Yum-Yum burger, the spaghetti and some mashed potatoes. The food was okay-- the spaghetti and potatoes were the highlights. But the drinks just tasted awful (although they looked tasty). I may give it one more try, but I won't be rushing out to eat there anytime soon.
I've eaten at Jollibee in Daly City, the PI and this location in Las Vegas as well as the one on the east side of town. So for this location 3 Stars for the Food, it's Hit or Miss, Never Consistent. 1 Star for Service; compared to the PI, I miss the Hundreds of Employees offering their Help and Eagerness to Clean and take your Trash, but here It takes them Forever to take your order and it takes Longer than that to get your food. -5 Stars, that's right Negative 5, for their Lack of AC, ESPECIALLY during the Summer! We first assumed it was just Broken, but after Several of Years of them being in business and experiencing Hot Oven like conditions, we're now Speculating they have a Crappy AC system or they are just a bunch of Cheapskates for not wanting to pay their Electric Bill! It's Las Vegas for goodness sakes! We live in a Desert, it gets to 120 degrees in the Summer! Heck even all the Jollibees in the PI all seemed to have Sufficient AC!
There has to be a good reason my parents would never let me eat at Jollibee when I was little.  They always told me the burgers are made of worms. Somebody gave me a burger from Jollibee and I would not touch it.

This is a Filipino fast-food joint. It's like the Filipino Mickey D's. It's not fusion or anything. Filipino, Filipino, Filipino! Pinoy! From the food to the old ladies that cut in line in front of you. And no, this is definitely not the best burger anywhere. Whoever says that it is is a liar...just because you saw Jollibee in Bourdain's show, doesn't mean you have to believe it. I would not recommend a Jollibee burger to anyone.

I've had their Chicken Joy and that's alright.  I'm not a fan of Filipino spaghetti with the sweet sauce and red hotdogs (also made with worms according to my folks). The only thing I like from this place is Peach Mango Pie.

Years later...parentless and living in Vegas...feeling like a rebel, I finally got the urge to try their burger. It's one of those "The Prodigal Son" moments where I was like "I should've listened to my parents". Pack this!
Huge clean bathroom, tasty breakfast food, friendly service. Nice flat screen for TFC and fans to keep you cool. Plenty of parking.  What more can you ask for in Vegas. We probably had three meals here. Jolibee, when are you coming to the Chicagoland area? Build it and they will come.
I will be the first to admit, I do not like the sweet sauce they put on their spaghetti.  That said, I hoped one of the other options would be edible.  It wasn't.  The Chicken Joy so many people rave about practically flooded my kitchen with grease when I bit into it.  The meat itself was poor quality and stringy.  They provided a very small bit of gravy for the chicken.  The gravy tasted like it was made with dirt.   The Hamburgers were overcooked but other than that they were typical fast food burgers.

The staff is very rude at this location and get impatient if you do not know your order when you walk up or if you ask any questions.

The restaurant itself always seems dirty, more than once we have had to switch tables because their was some sort of goo or food leftovers on them.

I tried to find some Joy in ChickenJoy but alas, my second trip was as bad as the first.
The food was great. It was a quick service. The cahier was nice except for the manager named Marivic Perez.  She was rude with her employees. She yelled one of her employee infront of the customer.  I mean that was not right. Be civilize Marivic!
This morning I went there to pick up  breakfast.  To make a long story short, I had the worst customer service experience from beginning of the transaction till the end.  I looked at the name tag to see who was helping me and it was the restaurant manager herself.  Marivic, if you dislike your job then please quit.  I have been going to Jolibee for 10+ years and never have I been rudely treated the way you treated me.  You were very, VERY, rude.  Plus the fact that you got my order wrong made me more disappointed that a person like you, a restaurant manager, is running the show.  A big thumbs down for Jollibee
If you're Filipino, you probably will crave some Jollibee. Fried chicken with sweet spaghetti? Love it. But that's not the only weird thing, like showing sports at sports bars, why do some Filipino food places feel it's necessary to have bad Filipino dramas and variety shows on constant play? Perhaps they have a lot of customers that don't want to spring for TFC(The Filipino Channel) in their own homes. 

I haven't experienced any of the rude service that other people are talking about. The staff seems nice and tries to keep the place pretty clean. My only complaint about the service would be that I wish they would stop calling me "ma'am." No need for honorifics. Plus, I don't look old enough to be a "ma'am" just yet. 

The food is pretty cheap here but overall, I've got to admit, it's not very good. The chicken and spaghetti is still a guilty pleasure of mine. Yes, I like sweet spaghetti. My mom still makes a better version than Jollibee but if I need a quick cure for a craving, this is where I go. So this place is OK in that regard. Out of everything on their menu, I will recommend the halo-halo (shaved ice dessert) and the pearl(boba) drinks.
Gave Jolibee yet another try at this location, and I'm convinced that I'm not a fan of the overly hyped Chicken Joy. Definitely no joy anywhere on that plate.

I guess if I grew up on this stuff, it would be a different story. The place is clean, and the service was good, but this Filipino fast food does not appeal to me at all. Yes, this ain't  much of a Yelp approved business, but I'm sure the Filipino community will keep Jolibee from closing up shop.

The only thing that may draw me back are their pies, which are the closest thing to Mickey D's old school Apple Pies...ALOHA!!!
I'm confused. Nothing was edible. Fries were chewy and starchy. The fried chicken was old and smelly. The so called yummy burger was the most disgusting of it all I don't even know what kind of meat it was it didn't taste like anything I've ever eaten. I'm so confused how this place is in business
Oh em gee! Why didn't I read reviews before coming here.

Ran into this place and decided to check it out since I was pressed for time and it was on my way, convenient and it "looked" decent. Took me a good while to make a decision on what to get from their drive-thru menu (should always follow my food instincts, but didn't). I ordered the two piece chicken and my side of fries. 

Service:
When I rolled up to the window, I was charged for a 3 piece, two sides! Fine. Whatever, I wasn't in the mood for an argument so I paid the darn $8. Lady at the window was very sincere about her apology in screwing up my order but never offered to fix it. 

Food:
Mother-trucker! This place takes the cake in messing up fried chicken-ROYALLY. I took the first bite and my lips looked so greasy, it looked like I over applied clear lipgloss! Moved on to the fries in hopes for them to be so awesome, they would make up for the fried chicken lard drumstick I had just bit into. Negative. Salty, stale and with an odd flavor! 

Guess I can scratch this curiosity out the way for the next time they happen to conveniently cross my path.
This review is based mainly on chickenjoy. 

I am half filipino so it's no surprise to find myself at jollibee. This location is pretty big and also has a Red Ribbon inside which is a plus. 

I got the 3 piece chickenjoy that comes with a side. I was disappointed that it didn't come with a drink so I had to pay a dollar extra. The meal itself was $7. If this meal was $2 cheaper it would definitely be worth the money. 

As for the taste, jollibee's chicken is probably one of my favorites when it comes to fast food. It's always so crispy and juicy whenever I order it. The gravy that comes with the chicken is also unique and tasteful. 

As for the other food, I don't really remember how they all taste like. I grew up with jollibee but don't really have it now as an "adult."
Jollibee, why'd you have to go and break my heart like that?

I've always had a special place in my belly for this one of a kind Filipino fried chicken and fast food establishment, until yesterday. I haven't been here for a good 5 years...oh how much things have changed. 

First offense: an army of chicken fried in advance and sitting on heat racks. The chicken was soggy, slimy, very fatty and the crisp factor was out of the door. That's a fried chicken no no! Ugh

Second offense: 2 sausages in my sweet spaghetti. What happened to the promised "meatiest, cheesiest, spaghettiest?" This used to be my favorite item on the menu too! Double ugh 

Third offense: that burger steak combo meal was so bad, I really couldn't figure out if they wanted it to taste like a boot or what! Triple ugh

My beloved quirky Filipino fried chicken chain went down the drain. Cutting corners is what looses customers! Ugh to the ugh!
I'm usually very skeptical of fast food joints altogether, ESPECIALLY McDonald's. 

But I was surprised at the huge size and grand design of the building. Lines were orderly, service was quick, and our food was unusually fresh and neat. 
And as always, cheap as can be.

By far the best McDonald's I've been to. 
There are even TV screens up above that show aquarium video to keep us entertained.
Sometimes, you HAVE to have your McDonald's.  Even when you're in the middle of a culinary Mecca.

Apparently I'm a sucker for grand openings and press releases blown way out of proportion, because after reading about this new McD's location I made a point to come here during my vacation.

Probably the nicest McDonald's I've been to, considering there was an employee constantly cleaning and offering to clear customers' trays.  Educational excerpts from the Discovery, Science, and Travel Channels on various flat screen TVs were a nice touch.

We sat in the middle of the restaurant, on bar stools (surprise, surprise...see my Blueberry Hill review) attached to a huge counter...with fresh flowers!  We were surrounded by the typical plastic booths but I did notice that seating areas near the restrooms offered both club chairs (not sure if they were leather or pleather) and a more private booth section.

Not much to say about the food since a McNugget here is a McNugget anywhere.  But at least I got my quarterly McD's craving out of the way...
Beware! They rip out foreigners.

I visited there last monday night and had the worst Vegas experience ever. 

The story is simple. I parked my car in their lot and had some Subway sandwiches at the next door. And got back to the McDonald's getting some deserts. 

Just after I left the door. My wife and I got shocked. They towed my car. It happened just in 15 minutes. There's a sign saying, "30 minutes parking for McDonald's customers"  I didn't do anything wrong.

At the impound yard, I met other victims from Germany. They're making money attacking travelers from outside US.
We went to McDonalds on our way to Circus Circus. I remember eating at a horrible buffet at Circus Circus and didn't want to go there for breakfast.

I would avoid this place on the weekends. It was too chaotic we went on a Saturday morning around 11am. 

We went a second time on a weekday and the lines were more manageable. 

The workers call your numbers when your order is ready. However, there needs to be a better system. Our number wasn't called and our order was sitting on the counter for 10 minutes.

Oh well. Cheap breakfast grub.
A nice central McDonald's with ample fountain drink dispensers for the visitors. Be aware of your surroundings here, it attracts a few transient people. The WiFi provided by AT&T sometimes works, just like their cellular reception, so no surprise there. I'm a frequent visitor here to grab drinks & work before visiting hotels. There are quite a few power plugs for laptops inside of the building.
Ok ok ok, I know it's only a McDonald's, BUT this one is completely different in decor. It's big, clean, bright and pretty. With tons of flat screens all over the place. 

Another big plus to this McDonald's is that they've got free Wi-Fi (while most hotels charge ridiculous fees), so if and when you have your laptop you can deal with business while munching on some fries.

Even though it's smack dab on the strip, there's plenty of parking too!
If you stay at the Riviera Hotel across the street, you are probably going to stop into this McDonald's for it's Wifi.

This McDonald's will have long lines late at night for hungry club goers. Sometimes the crazy drunk guests make for some great entertainment as you wait for your order. There will be a sparse amount of homeless, but they don't seem to bother anyone.
They are making this the worst Vegas experience 
towing  
$300 dollars for 15 minutes 
Why instead they don't have someone giving information 
They're making money attacking travelers
My wife and I went to this location after being at Circus Circus at approximately 10pm a Friday night.  It was busy, but not chaotic.

You place your order at one end of the counter and pick up at the end of the counter.

I ordered a Quarter pounder with cheese combo and asked to make it large.  My wife simply ordered a small drink and a McFlurry.  We specifically told the girl we were eating in.  

When our number was called, our food was in a to go bag.  I was also only given one small cup.  When I asked where my large drink cup was, I was informed that the combo which I paid extra for did not include a drink????

The lady was wearing a white shirt and spoke very poor English.  When I showed her my receipt where it said I had paid for a large Combo, she told me I was mistaken.  I then proceeded to go back to the cashier who had rung up my order and ask her what had happened.  She informed me that I should have got a Large cup as well as small cup but the lady in the white was her Manager.  I then asked to speak to another manager.  The cashier then waited until the female manager went in the back and a male manager came up, apologized, and gave me my Large cup.  ?????  He agreed that I was correct and that the cashier had rung up our order correctly but could not give me a reason as to why the female manager would not give me a Large cup.
Bof ...
Like all other McDonald's, the service quality is going down the tubes.  My son was getting a drink at the drink station when an older guy in his 60's was moping the floor and told me son to "move it" in a very mean and rude voice.

I went to use the restroom and there was two toilets.  One had a sign on the door that read "Out of service."  The other stall's door would not make a close connection.  I really had to go, but I did not care to have someone walk in on me when I am on the pot.  I tried slamming the door shut, but it would not make a connection.  I told management about it, but they seemed to busy to care of do anything about it.
The only reason I came back is because they gave me free food after the fiasco from last night.
Beware of this Mcdonalds. You are constantly under surveillance in the parking lot. I parked my car, had breakfast, and then had to go drop something off to a friend. Within 30 min when I got back, they had my car towed. WTF? It's like they are preying on people's cars. It makes you never want to go to this McDonald's again.
Approximately, only one register open with 20 drunk people in line. The "pick up here" takes about 15 mins to get your food. The slowest McDonalds I been to. The dinning area isn't as clean. One thing, the restaurant is very trendy and has free wifi. It's right next order to circus circus.. But, your stuck with a bunch of drunk people being very loud and annoying. Be prepare for it! 

Restroom was very dirty!!
Breakfast with a view!

There really is only one reason for you to go to a McD's on the strip... you're hungry and/or drunk.

As far as McD's go, this is a pretty nice one! Clean and modern with a lot of staff working all the time.

This place has one major perk though, you get to watch people misbehaving while they're drunk or on drugs! Seriously, I had a blast!! It started with me arriving while the cops were handcuffing a junkie on the parking lot. The guy was talking to himself and shouting insanely funny random words at people (purple melons anyone?) And that wasn't all! There was a sweet old lady inside (who was definitely schizophrenic) having a lovely conversation with her other selves. And the guy cleaning the mensroom was asleep inside a cubicle with the door open! 
Loved it!
This place threw me off... with their single yellow arch that stretched onto the street. Somehow in my second hand smoke induced state, I found the single arch humorous. Ended up satisfying my craving for fries at a normal decent price. Also, this location sells SPICY McChickens! Mmmm... I haven't seen that in California! Also carries Cherry Pies too!
I used to despise McDonald's. The service was slow, the employees were rude, and worst of all, the food was greasy and incredibly unhealthy. Over time, McDonald's built up their image, introduced some healthy menu items, and slowly regained my interest.

Walking down the strip, I was craving some affordable food. (Whoever said Vegas had cheap food must have lost their mind.) The arch bursting forth onto the sidewalk not only grabbed my interest, but made me incredibly excited to get a salad.

When I walked in, the place was a lot of smaller than I would have expected, but there was only one person in front of me, so I figured it wouldn't matter since there wasn't a crowd. 

I placed my order and stood off to the side. The salads are usually made at the beginning of the day, and it takes less than a minute to grab the salad, the dressing, and plastic-ware. However it took over 20 minutes to get the damn thing. Not only that, but they tried giving me the wrong salad several times, then told me they were out of the dressing I requested, then blamed it on someone in the back kitchen. 

Really though, I'd rather overpay at one of the nicer casinos. Skip this place.
I am in line for a Sausage McMuffin with Egg.  There are two lines and they are  at least 20 people deep. I am at the end.  This will take at least a half an hour. I talk to a woman in line who is from Georgia.  This is her first time in Vegas.  She tells me the trip was relatively affordable because they are splitting the cost of the room with her boss and friend. I ask her how she likes Vegas so far and she says she loves the artwork and all of the sculptures. I think an elitist might snicker at that, laugh at the fact that someone thinks they are viewing culture in such a material saturated town. She thinks what she sees are cultural artifacts and she is correct. This is America and this is where America comes to let loose, lose money and gawk at the lifestyles of the more fortunate in regards to both wealth and looks. 

I take my tiny bag and Diet Coke and sit at the counter alone. I eat my sandwich and wish I would have ordered a hash brown. I look out the window and see mainly elderly people have coffee and breakfast. I see some girls sitting at a table and they are all looking at their phones the others go inside to order and one stays behind looking through her LV purse for reasons none other than the fact she is uncomfortable sitting alone even for a few minutes. 

I throw my bag in the trash, walk out the door and choose the stairs over the escalator and think about the gondolas in The Venetian, the clouds on the ceiling and how the lights and mural make you feel like your outside when in fact you are in a mall similar to the ones you'd find in your own home town minus the opera singing actors and hyper-sexualized ads at every turn.
only went there after 4am and the was ridulous! thats wassup!
After a good night at the club me and my friends wanted to grab some grub before we knocked out for the next day. We went to club Pure that night so what did we see across the street? A huge ass M which meant food so we were there. 

So i guess it's a 24 hour McDonalds and i would honestly hate to work there because you are guaranteed to get drunk people every night. One of the employee's job was to make sure no one brought alcoholic drinks inside the restaurant which i have to say sucks. 

It was around 2:30am and the lines were pretty long. I guess everyone had the same idea as we did. It took kind of long since some of the drunk people in front of us could hardly function, but it was understandable. Annoying, but understandable. So i finally ordered my food and had a wait for a while because they were busy. 

Since we were staying at Treasure Island we figured we could just walk down that way and cross there. Apparently i was too drunk to realize and totally forgot that you can only cross at the Harrahs, or all the way down at the Encore. So we headed toward the Encore and we had to back track a couple of blocks. We could have just gone back to the Harrahs and crossed and save about 10-15 mins..but whatevs... 

Anyways, it was clean, legit, and you get to take an escalator to get to the restaurant. How fun when you are drunk!
just cause it's right here on the main strip, doesn't mean that the service is better. try getting your food in 10 minutes from the time of your order.
"Can't believe I'm rating a fast food joint..."

This review is for rating McDonalds only!

I'm not positive why California McDonalds cannot be like this one.  I'm not sure if it's like all of this throughout Las Vegas, but this is one sure delicious McDonalds.  This is because one item on there dollar menu.  I do not care this is fast food!  I live off this for the whole Halloween weekend.  This and cranberry and pomegranate juice.

No need for fancy buffets, when the Hot N Spicy comes as a luxury because it's not served in California.  Yes, they actually use the word spicy correct in a restaurant.  Because this sandwich did have a kick to it.  Here in the states, usually when it says spicy - the word spicy usually means American spicy.  American spicy is like a Asian person's mild.  This had an Asian kick of mild/spicy.

Now lets talk about the crisp.  The crisp of this sandwich was definitely there.  Every single bite, was a crunch, crunch, and crunch.  Hot steamy buns, tossed with some mayo and lettuce and I was set.  This was just goodness coming out of fast food.

If you like the McChicken, and you like spice... This is the perfect sandwich for you.  No need to go home and add saracha.  You will get the spice built into the batter. Just chomp chomp and chomp.  And be satisfied.
joseph tang kept bugging me about having to get spicy mcchickens at this mcdonalds......so we finally got around to it at 3am and shared a spicy mcchicken (i guess they dont have these in california...) anyway they're good and cheap.

we later came back for fries. (after we hit up del taco) 

yes we like our fast food and yes we are fat. 

this is a pretty solid establishment i'd say.
FIVE STARS, THREE WORDS:

HOT N SPICY!

The only reason we came here was in search of the holy grail McChicken, the Hot N Spicy. We heard about it from some randoms, and we had never heard of it so went to check it out. It was tucked away in a corner, so it was never packed, always clean and had quick service. Why do they not have these in California? I'll never know, but I'll definitely hit this spot back up for late night drunken eats!
Yes, we stopped here to grab a late-night burger.  The group didn't feel like shelling out tons of dough for a proper restaurant meal when we just wanted a snack.  It just wasn't the cleanest and most pleasant of places to sit and eat.  You have been forewarned:  all sorts of odd-looking customers run in and out of this McDonald's.
'only in vegas" was what i said to stacy's mom in car next to us when she asked 'bout our 50pc mcnuggets happy meal lookalike box.

they're 24/7. and this definitely beats those after hours steak and eggs. maybe?

and only in vegas where manager treats their nuggets like gold. he yelled at his cashier when she didnt answer his repeated question "is this theirs? hey is it really theirs?" yes i did remind him
I'm a fan of McDonald's... this particular one, however, not so much.  We waited in a long line around 9pm just to deal with not-so-friendly service.  I have to get honey with my chicken nuggets and according to the staff, they don't have it.  They were also "sold out" of milkshakes.  Have you ever heard of a McD's selling out of milkshakes?  Think not.  The soda/condiment area was dirty, so much that I almost skipped the ketchup.  We sat outside on the patio, even though it was a bit chilly, to avoid the odd stench inside.  This is the worst McD's I've ever been in.. and that's a big feat.
It was okay customer service, and in a way I can;t believe I went here....Mc Donald's always somewhere where you can expect the usual prices, but the crowd was uncomforting to be around....felt like I was in a mix of a social security office in the poverty back when my family was struggling between advertising/dealing on the streets with flyers..but maybe I;m just being unkind, which I guess I am. At least the drinks were okay.....The thing hated most, the cheese! What the heck kind of cheese was this man? Government artificial cheese? Highly dissatisfied, made the whole burger unexceptional and sad on McDonald's management and Vegas part.
Pros: Spicy McChicken $1. Really good. A specialty late night snack on the strip. Fast service.

Cons: Very dirty. Tons of bums. Line can go down the stairs on some nights. They run out of certain foods. Machines break down.

What else do you expect in the middle of the strip?
Horrible, horrible service. The cashier who rung in me and my parents was Amanda, and she honestly acted like she was doing me and my family the biggest favor by taking our order. I'm asked her to make my egg mcmuffin without the egg yolk (which is something i have done whenever I order an egg mcmuffin) and she first asked me what an egg yolk was (i explained the yellow thing in the center) and then she said there was no way she could do that. That's a blatant lie. Everytime I order this I don't eat the egg yolk. I was extremely frustrated, and then she told me she asked her manager who also said that could be done. Needless to say we left, and we're never coming back.
50 piece nuggets for $9.99 and $0.50 cones?!

Only in Vegas! This is the perfect greasy food for your hangover cure!
This place was an oasis. A mirage that turned out to be real. We walked for what seemed like hours in the blistering Vegas wind. Trudging slowly, like two novice drinkers, deprived of water weight and nourishment. 

Once we arrived it felt just like McDonalds at home. +1 smelly bum that sat behind us. Hey, bums gotta sit too. But man he was smelly.

We got breakfast there and were able to gamble playing Monopoly at the same time. We won another breakfast sandwich. I love McDonalds.
Not fair that the meal prices are bumped up because its located on the strip. (But i actually never went inside so Im getting this feedback from my cheap brother!)
Thumbs up that its located on the strip though!
Little scary as I sat in the parking lot and watched bums and the night crew doing the trash run. Looked dirty from the outside..but i was outside! 

Hey it was late..I ate the food. They served the purpose I needed.
I know, I know.  It's a fast food joint...what is there really to say?  It's not like the food here is going to taste all that different than a McDonald's just about anywhere else.  So, with all of the great restaurants and buffets in Vegas to eat at and Yelp about, why the hell am I reviewing a McDonald's you ask?  Well, I'll tell you why:

50 nuggets for $9.99.  (edit:  how awesome would it be if FIDDY CENT was FIDDY NUGGET?  Okay, anyways...haha).

I know...crazy, right?  Now, you're probably thinking that's either (A) an amazing yet awesome deal, or (B) an amazing yet kinda disgusting one.  If you aren't really sure how you feel, figure it this way: if you're in line with your friends, riding a good buzz and feeling hungry in the middle of the night, you're probably thinking (A).  If you're pretty sober, waiting for your drunk friends to buy food and bring it to the table, you might find yourself leaning towards (B).  Now, if you're sitting there at the table, wondering how the hell you and your 11 friends ended up getting two orders, yet still find yourself having some because really, who is going to notice a few of the 100 or so missing, then...well, welcome to my world!

Kudos to them for staying open 24 hours and being there for my friends when we found out Pink's was closed.  And remember, sometimes it really is true that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas".  Just ask all those nuggets we left behind that we couldn't/refused to finish.
This place was such a big shock to us because of their 50 Chicken McNugget for $9.99 deal (which is sad now because the deal is now at ALL Mickey D's... so its not so special anymore).

Anyways we came back from clubbing at Tao and we got our 100 nuggets, between the 4 of us. I loved seeing the kinds of people at that time... we saw workers who just got off their shifts, professionals, college kids in clubbing clothes like we were, grandparents... we're all different but we got two things in common.. our love for McDonald's and that we're in VEGAS!

Oh yeah.. the food, you should already know what Mickey D's food is like.

One star off for having a shady parking lot!
I just saw someone else review about 50 chicken nuggets for 9.99, I would've gotten that and split it with a bunch of drunk people if I knew.

I did come here when it was 109 degrees outside on a June day, I was baking in that hot ass sun.  I came here for some french fries, a few Snack Wraps (grilled and fried Ranch and Honey Mustard, thank you) and for a fucking Mocha Iced Coffee.  I was cheaper here than it was in NY, I was like I could drink this good ass tasting Mocha Iced Coffee every day, but no I didn't.
Convenient location, I was staying right near here.  It sure did the job when I had a short walk back to Polo Towers on June 16th.  Great times, 24 hours too at this McDonalds, and only saw a few shady looking characters- NOT too many.
Was excited Monte Carlo had a 24 hour McDonalds right by the lobby, and our first meal (*snack) was here. The only reason why I am writing this review is they have a $1 menu, and the mini meals. Also, they don't have the McChicken, but a hot and spicy McChicken, which I hadn't seen, and it is GOOD. and SPICY! I also saw they had the double cheeseburger still for $1, which it isnt in CA, or at least the one I go to.

Quick and fast!
After a crazy night in Vegas, this is the funniest place to end up at the end of your night. At around 3am, 100% of the patrons here are incredibly drunk and under the influence of something. Everyone in line is just squirming around. My gf and I stood behind a bunch of college kids making out. Hilarious? Yes. Delicious? No...

On to the food. It really is your average fare. Not much different than any other McDonalds. Like a fugly hook up in the morning, you wake up the next day wondering why you had Mickey D's in the first place. OH! That's right, you were drunk!
This McDonalds is like any other McDonalds...  however, this one gets 4 stars because it is a NEVADA McDonalds... which means it has the SPICY McCHICKEN! 

Every time I go to vegas, I stop in at a McDonalds just for the spicy mcchicken.... they don't have it on their Cali menus and its oh so much better hot and spicy! Perfect cheap drunk/sober food.
HUUUUUUUMPH.

Boyfriend and I..... drunk....walked past by this branch and all of a sudden wanted a double quarter pounder with cheese and a 20pc nuggets.
I also for some reason wanted a double cheeseburger with extra onions.

We had the bag and been munching on the fries on our long walk to Mandalay...only to find out...they didn't put my double cheeseburger in the bag..but charged me for it. HUUUUMPH!

Dont' do that to me when I'm drunk.
Ok so I'm 10 years old.... AND my friend John takes me here like.... EVERY week so.... I always get the 6 pc. Chicken nugget kids meal with sweet n sour sauce AND WHAT DO I GET FOR A DRINK? Lemonade. If you have a child, get them the kids meal! MCDONALDS IS SOOOO DELICIOUS! THE BEST FOOD EVER!!!!!
The only two reasons I would review a fast food restaurant are good or bad service experiences. I had a great experience here. I ordered two Spicy McChickens (wish they had this in CA), 10 McNuggets, and fries. Since I had to wait a long time for my order, however, I received a bunch of freebies that I didn't even ask for: a large soft drink, 10 more McNuggets, and another Spicy McChicken. Hehe I love these victories.
So a few cocktails may have inspired some "it's-midnight-and-I-NEEEEEED-some-McD's" munchies.  

However, this McD's was right next door to our hotel and it really hit the spot.  It's easy to stumble to....I mean, find...  And it was hot and fresh.

What I did not appreciate was the fact that when I checked the bag ( I am SO glad I always check the bag, and here's why), they were missing a medium fries AND a big mac.  Not cool.

Then when I brought it to their attention, there was no apology, no eye contact, there were actually no words whatsoever.  They just put the missing items in the bag and walked away.  Umm.  Thanks?
Minus all the weird drunks, this is a great 24/7 location if you have the munchies...
I definitely needed a snack because i was drunk and there would be no time for dinner. Since I'm already spending all my money on drinking and gambling, I decided to go cheap on the meal so dollar menu it is. We go to the McDonalds on the strip with the Big Golden Arches, can't miss it. We order and two seconds later my Hot and Spicy McChicken was ready. It was hot and right off the grill. They customer service is fast and friendly.
We decided to walk around instead of sitting in the dining area, but it looked as if there was plenty of space to sit down.
This is one of the best McDonalds I've been to. It has been remodeled in the past few years, so it looks nice and it is kept clean as well. This was a great place for my sister and I to sit and cool off and get ice cream while the adults were playing a game downstairs. I think it was more than the McDonald's in my area (I think...), but it was well worth it-I saw it as paying a couple of extra cents to sit in an air conditioned place on a hot summer day.
SPICY MCCHICKEN!!!  that is all...
I've had a number of Spicy Chicken sandwiches before but I must admit that at this McDonalds, these sandwiches are spicy!! 

Fresh french fries? Not here... they were as cold as cold can be. Very disappointing.

Overall, it was a decent place to grab a cheap ice cream cone and a sandwich to try and not spoil being hungry for dinner time at Benihana!
Go to McDonalds to get what you expect. Cheapest meal on the strip. Split the 20 piece nuggets with my mom and got two double cheeseburgers (which we didn't even eat, hello breakfast!) for $7! wouldn't be so excited normally but paying upwards of $30 a person made me really appreciate what McDonalds has to offer. For $5 more, this one offers 2 complete meals. Go here for a cheap meal anytime.
Went here one morning right before going sky diving. Had a good experience. Like all McDonalds, service was good, food was good. Nice and spacious seating area.
This is a great location right on the strip and not as run down as most others.
Why eat McDonalds when there are millions of super exclusive only in Vegas options?
Because the food is expensive as hell, because you gambled all your money away, cuz your drunk as shit and a dollar burger will hit the stop right about now?
Whatever it is, they are there for you 24/7 and they sure hit the spot for me NEEDING an egg McMuffin after a long booze filled Vegas night.
That and their new chocolate chip frappe.
I was on my way to Coffee Bean and Tea leaf for an ultimate Mocha when i stopped to get the McMuffin here, my husband got  the chocolate chip frappe and it was so good that we got two more.
Best damn thing McDonalds ever did and for that i am a fan!
Worst experience ever !!! They took over 20 ns to get me my food and that was the drive thru !!! Never coming again !!
You MUST try this place if you come to Vegas!  First, the burgers are awesome, whether you get the regular hamburger or the huge quarter pounder, they are juicy and delicious and prepared exactly as you want them. They cook them in advance so you don't have to wait very long. 

I ordered their specialty burger, which is called the Big Mac, boy does the name fit. It comes with two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions, all on a sesame seed bun. Simply amazing. 

You should also get their fried potatoes, which are called French Fries. Not sure what is French about them, but they sure are delicious, especially with the tomato based dipping sauce. 

They have a fried fish sandwich which features a tender and moist fillet of locally caught cod. You can get it with or without cheese. 

I haven't tried everything on the menu yet, but I recommend ordering one of their creatively packaged combo deals. They all come with the main sandwich, French Fries, and a drink. You can get a soft drink or one of their delicious milk shakes.  I am pretty sure they are made with hand scooped ice cream. 

I will be sure to return to this restaurant next time I find myself on the Las Vegas strip and  want what is possibly the best dining experience around.
Worst McDonald's ever. Full of drunk people off the strip. Bums hang around inside and outside the restaurant. Hookers and pimps hang out there. The employees are loud and ghetto and very unprofessional. Go to the nicer McDonald's by Planet Hollywood instead.
I do not like McDonald's. However, I am must rate this life- and money-saving institution at the Strip highly because it has served me well, and will continue to do so in all of my future visits.

The place is clean. The line is short (but then again, I can only vouch for the line between the hours of 0400 and 0700). SERVICE IS SWIFT. And before you sober up, you're out the door with your breakfast in tow.

What must be commended the most here are the workers. These hardened fellows have seen the best and the very worst of the people of the Strip. These experiences have evolved them to be immune to blatant judgement of the victims and casualties of a good night in Vegas. So shame not my fellow Strip party goers - this is the place to order your 4am breakfast burrito. In Vegas for EDC? Make sure to stop by here to order something to eat to replenish your energy for the next night. I hear a smoothie goes down the easiest after a hard night of raving. The workers here will not judge your zombie gait and your wide-eyed gaze.

For these reasons, I thank you McDonald's for taking care of me and my peers.
A typical Las Vegas Strip dive. Full of drunks looking for greasy food at night. Filthy dirty inside. Soda machines are all out of carbonation. My wife had to wipe the seats and table herself before we sat. She even put down a layer of napkins before sitting. To top it all off something is dripping out of the ceiling. I gave it two stars because it's exactly as I imagined it from the outside view and it's cheap.  Plus the grease is a great remedy for a twisted tummy after a long hard night of drinking.
I just came back from trying kfc fairly new grilled chicken.Well my timing was bad 5 pm .It was very busy and i had to wait about 40 minutes for my order of grilled chicken. I am not going to mention the side dishes i had because they were normal (what you get from kfc)side dishes.I am a big fan of there chicken.Well i should say there regular chicken.The grilled chicken was two star at most. It was very greasy and not much flavor .It would be nice if they at least put bbq sauce on it.On saying that i still am a fan of kfc just not the grilled chicken.
After a few visits that were far from exciting, I decided to give them another chance.  It was on the fly, had a group of teen girls that needed fed.  I ordered the 20 pc meal, 2 mash, 2 slaw, and 1 mac.  The sides were fine, yet hard to screw up pre-made side items.  The biscuits were hot, yet oddly enough....Half of them were only the top half.  The chicken, the meat of the meal and matter, was 11 thighs, 2 breasts, 3 legs, and 1 wing.....An odd bird, considering it should have been a straight 5 pieces each.  My family doesn't really care for the thighs, daughter likes legs and wings, wife and I are breast people (yes, I know how that sounds).  We figured the dogs would like the thighs, so you can imagine our thought when the one piece we were tolerating dominated the bunch.

I walked back in the store, and everyone that has ever worked behind a restaurant counter KNOWS, that when a strange person walks into the store with restaurant bags....It isn't a good sign.  So when she asked what I wanted, I politely asked for the MOD.  She didn't understand, I asked again but for the Manager on Duty.  She still did not or choose not to understand me.  I then asked 6 more times, it was a really bad game of whose on first.  To the point that the other customers were laughing.  The General manager came out, and I explained the situation.  He politely said he would fix the situation.  Packed up 5 breasts and sent me on my way.  I wasn't thrilled, but didn't want to waste my day on this.

Upon arriving home, finally getting the chance to eat myself, I put one on the plate with some mashed.  The exterior of the chicken looked fine, but the minute I took a bit and started to chew, the rancid flavor and odor hit me.  After excusing myself for thirty minutes to the bathroom, I returned to examine the chicken.  The exterior and 1/2 inch into the chicken looked normal.  The remaining interior of the chicken was a complete mushy mess....That chicken was so far from it's sell by date that I can't believe I didn't catch it on first examination.  I will say though, it has been hours, and I still have not been able to get that taste out of my mouth or get my stomach settled.....And I was in the Army, and have a pretty tough stomach, but rotten chicken....

Now to add insult to injury, I was exceedingly polite to both the drive thru teller for the extreme wait, and the store manager because I explained to them that I once was a KFC GM and DM.  So I knew what it was like to be in their shoes.  So if anything I hope this review has a bit more weight, I know what the standards are at KFC and know that this location falls far short of them, to the point of it being a safety issue.

What is sad, this cost forty bucks, 2 hours of my time and who knows how long to recover.  It was a far cry from Hot, Fresh, and Fast.  Just glad I got to the rancid chicken before my family did.
The waits at the drive thru used to be terrible, however recently it doesn't seem that bad. I like to get the grilled chicken... it's pretty tasty.
No chicken at kfc. Seriously at 9pm on a weekday I pulled up to the drive-thru and was presented with a mumbling unintelligible female voice stating that they were, "out of chicken, but if I wanted to wait 20 minutes they would make some more." I responded all chicken? Your out of all chicken? To which she responded, "yeah." Wow, what an experience a KFC with no Chicken.
Chicken was good. Staff was friendly, but! Coleslaw tasted different than other KFC resteraunts I have been to. And 24 dollars for a 10 piece meal is ridiculous! Hopefully KFC solves these issues! And maybe thinks of a special. This is a poor part of town. If I was feeding more than 2 people 10 piece meal wouldn't be enough, and would be too pricey for a bigger family!
Absolutely disgusting. After waiting in the drive thru for over 15 minutes with only one car ahead of me I assumed they must have been making something fresh. Boy was I wrong!! The chicken was soggy and slimy. I couldn't eat it. So I went to continue on to my mac n cheese and mashed potatoes... No utensils! I got 15 napkins, 9 packets of hot sauce and 11 packets of honey sauce (actual count) but no utensils! Just go ahead and close this location already!
My roommate and I ordered separately. I ordered a 2 piece, he ordered a 3 piece. The cashier was friendly, but the dude putting the orders together mixed them up, giving me a 3 piece. I know some of you are thinking why I didn't just take the free piece, but I was raised better than that so I didn't. When we tried to tell him the mistake, he got all pissy and copped an attitude with us! Hello! We're trying to fix YOUR mistake!! Even his co-workers were trying to tell him I only ordered a 2 piece. The food was good, but his attitude completely ruined it. We'll go to the Church's Chicken across the street next time.
This place doesn't even deserve one star but I want to post a review. This place is nasty dirty and the thing working the drive through looks like madea. never go there I'm telling you ya gotta believe me. This is my first review and I felt I had let everyone know how bad this place is. And this place stinks.
Can't belive how rude the employees are here! 

I work down the street and have stopped in once before and today gave them another chance and will not be going back, EVER!

The employees are ridicoulsly rude, they don't greet you, they hand out the food with out even looking at you and for sure won't thank you for your business. How much longer is the disctric/region manager going to let this go on?
The food was average Wendy's fare, the service was ok. The thing that got to me was the ladies bathroom. 
   There was hair in the sinks. Both sinks. Not a stray hair. A bunch of hair. Like someone who was balding had brushed their hair while leaning over the sinks. I actually gagged. The hand dryer wasn't working either. 
   You can tell a lot about an establishment by the state their bathrooms are in.
This Wendys just happen to be remodeled and my girlfriend and I decided to stop in and take a look at the new design of the store. the remodel has changed how you order and pick up now you order at one area and pick up another the dining room area has been completely remodeled with new tables new atmosphere and even a small ones area oh and boot there is wifi.
Wendy's use to be my favorite Burger joint when they use to make them when you ordered... The patty use to be twice the size as what they have now, maybe not twice but much bigger then now... This was the second time I have been to this particular restaurant both times through the drive through and both time's I had a burger that a dog wouldn't eat... The on I had today was dry and looked like it was made the day before... I usually check the food before I leave the parking lot  this time my wife picked the food up and when she got it home and I check it this is what I got a dried out pieace of garbage I took one bite then spit it back in the bag and put it in the garbage, there goes 4 bucks... I will never again eat at this Wendy's... So if you go through the drive through I suggest you check your food before you leave...
Wendy's has the worst food of almost any fast food restaurant.

Their fries used to be good, but not so much anymore.

Their burgers are overly salty, their breakfast is terrible.

The Frosty is the only edible thing there.

Yuck.
After the remodel, this location looks excellent! Great look, good service, and really good food (as far as fast food goes).
We went here for lunch today and was surprised to find a chicken bone in our crispy chicken sandwich! The worst part is that we mentioned it to an employee to let manager know and no one ever came out to talk to us about what happened. Disappointing to see lack of service and scary to know what could have happened if it was a child that could have choked on the bone since it was so big! We will never go back here after the lack of attention to the matter!
Pretty good fast food chain. They have a salsa bar with a half dozen things to add to your food; I had a Classic Chicken Burrito with a side of Tortilla Soup and it was all quite yummy.
El Pollo Loco is great but this location is pretty hit or miss. I'd rate it 2.5 stars if I could but since I can not, 2 stars it is. 

On my last visit I ordered 2 of the 2 piece combo plates, with flour tortillas. Sweet potato fries and a salad were the sides I selected for myself, mac and cheese and rice for the husband. My husband loves these combo plates and has a whole routine down for eating it... He shreds the chicken and makes himself tacos with the tortillas and the rice which he always gets as one of his two sides. 

They forgot our orders of flour tortillas. No do-it-yourself tacos for my husband. Also the rice was undercooked and the mac and cheese was on the watery side. The chicken was still on point though... 

The Lake Mead location is more consistent so I will be going there from now on, even when I am closer to this location.
For fast food it's pretty yummy! I love the house salsa and the staff is always quick and pleasant :)
Truly unmemorable food. For a place that claims to serve a Spicy Chipotle Burrito, I'd like to know where the spices were. The salsas that were tossed in my to-go bag...I wished I had taken a picture of them. Water, tomato "pieces", some lame spices, all stretching the limits in a bad way of what can be considered to be salsa. And as part of the meal deal I ordered a fountain drink. How can you mess up Sprite? They found a way. It was so disgusting I didn't even get out of the parking lot before it was spit back out. 1 star. And even that's a stretch.

Edit: This location was visited at approximately 6 pm on 3/23/12 and with people in Denver and LA talking about El Pollo Loco I was hoping it would be good. My expectations were not high, but they still disappointed me. My apologies for being negative but I call it as I see it.
Have been a customer for over 25 years. Today made me an ex-customer and I am really sad about it. I went in a little after 2 pm, the place had about 5 other customers and the lobby was a mess. Tables were dirty with crumbs, trash and food on the floor, under tables. It was bad. I ordered a combo #2, breast and wing with corn cake, corn cobbette, flour torts and salsa. The cashier was friendly and efficient. My 10 minute wait for my food had me wiping the table with napkins (I had to ask for them as the napkin holders were empty) I shoved the food and napkins that were scattered under the table, under the opposite bench where I sat. I got my tray of food and asked for butter and salt for my corn, noticing as I waited, that I got a leg instead of a wing. Why? Anyway, I sat at my table and started with the corn cake, it was pretty good, however, several bites in, I noticed discoloration, it was darker and it tasted "old". So, I put that aside and got to my corn cobbette. Looking at it, I should have listened to my instincts and left it alone. All the kernels were flat and punctured. It was a sad looking cobbette, probably from the bottom of the freezer bag. I buttered and salted it because it was corn and usually corn tastes like...corn. Well, not this one. It tasted like dirty dishwater. Maybe, sometime in my past, I had the unfortunate event of tasting dirty dishwater, I really don't know how I knew this tasted like that, but that is the first thing that popped into my head when I took that bite. Corn out. Onto the chicken. It was fine. Usually is. But when I put the chicken pieces into the tort, added salsa and took a bite there was NO FLAVOR! I usually have to use up to 5 napkins to wipe my nose as I eat the chicken and salsa combo! Today, nothing! UGH!! What happened to El Pollo Loco? I left unhappy, unsatisfied and really bugged that I wasted money here.
 Should have gone to Tommy's, but it's kinda far.
When using the drive thru I don't want to have to get out of my vehicle after because you forgot to place something from my order in the bag. What makes it worse is when I walk in there are 3 employees standing there (including the general manager) and it takes almost a solid minute for someone to acknowledge me because you want to print a report from the register. Maybe your customer service needs some looking into.
I was lucky enough to meet up here with Christina P for lunch yesterday.  The menu is currently the same as the other beach house with soft tacos, burritos and hot dogs.  They are are planning to add tamales to the regular menu and we got to try a sample of pork tamale and it was tasty.

I got the three tacos for $5 and a lemonade for $3.  There are several flavors of lemonade but I got the plain.  I got one each of fish, carne asada and chicken.  They were all tasty and I tried some of both the green and red sauces on them.  One thing I noticed is the meat didn't stand out on any of them and there was very little taste difference between the three.  All the ingredients were fresh and there was nothing soggy.  I thought the lemonade was good.

They have only been open a week and of course the place is spotless.  The two employees we dealt with were very pleasant.  I always carry cash which is a good thing because that is all they take.  There is an ATM in the lobby.  I haven't been to their other location but I am told it is much smaller. Inside there were 5 2tops and some stools with a couple of tables outside too.  The tables would seat 3 or 4 (cramped) so I think they should have a couple of additional chairs.

Overall I see it as a good neighborhood place to grab a quick bite to eat but certainly not a destination
I went in expecting a very nice fish taco, but the porridge/mush that passed for fish was fishy and nasty... how's that for the start of a review?

Ok, the place is nicely enough furnished if you think a la chuy's or chipotle's metal furnishings but with more crap on the walls.  It's clean, the people were pleasant and nice and the counter service fine.

The wife ordered a hotdog, i'm sure she'll review that.  I wasn't impressed.  But let's get to the rest of the food.  I ordered the 3 pack of tacos for $5.  Ok price.  

Green beef, pork and fish.  All of them came wrapped in aluminum foil with sticky but cold flour tortillas and the same mess of cabbage, tomato and white and yellow cheese.  All were freezing cold which made the meat luke warmish.  

They were all a miss for me.  I would not step back in this place for a taco.  Fatty pork is fine, if its cooked nicely, but this was not. Green beef was ok, as long as I piled the pretty good tomatillo salsa over it.  The fish...let's leave it at ugh.  If this is their specialty, it's over already.  

This is Sunnyslope, and with the authentic delicious taco and burrito choices around here, this place is only competing with the tacos across the street at Jack in the Box, and I would probably eat those before I'd touch another one of these, it was that bad for me.

Sorry, hippies.   This wasn't good.  If you are going to come into a Mexican part of town you'd better bring the meat to compete.  You are far outclassed in taco land.

So, after some thought I decided rather than just pan the place, I'm giving suggestions:  
1. use a paper or wax paper between the aluminum and taco, or you have a mess.
2. do something with that too cold cabbage/cheese/tomato
3.  grill the fish and don't smother it / chop it up.  make sure its fresh.
4.  get a better cut of pork, go organic (maybe it is), season it better
5.  keep the happy people in front, they were nice
6.  don't blend your lemonade with ice, it was awful and too sweet
7.  quit buying your chips at Costco, those round ones suck
8.  do something with the guacamole, it was ok just being avocado and lime, but it was pureed.  keep it chunky.
9.  get more input from your mexican chefs, they probably know what is wrong
10. Both the red and green salsas were good, just need a taco to go with it.
I couldn't have been more disappointed with my first venture into a Two Hippies.  My husband and I rushed home to see who could hammer this place on Yelp first (he beat me).  I ordered a hot dog because I love hotdogs.  This one was large and cheap, but the flavor was mostly salt, and it looks boiled, which did nothing to improve it.  The bun was excruciatingly hot, and as soon as it cooled enough to eat, was excruciatingly tough and chewy (either overly steamed or overly microwaved).  Hot dog alone would have earned 2 stars, but unfortunately I tried to share the hubby's tacos...  eeeewww, the fish mush tacos were downright nasty.  Seriously, they were not just lacking good qualities, they had a mushy texture and bad taste.  The pork in the pork tacos was fatty, chewy, and overly marinated.  The green beef was tolerable, but nowhere near pleasant.  Overall a bad food experience and I came home hungry enough to pig out on Christmas cookies.  Atmosphere is fine, place is clean, service quick and pleasant - but that does not make up for the food.
If Castle boutique and camelback were not at the front door I would have never known that I was in Phoenix.  Seems like something right out of Baja.  This place reminds me of some of the dive places that I have been in Mexico on the beach.  So if you are looking for Fast Food at reasonable prices that tastes great you should check it our.  Best part is that you don't need the Imodium after the meal like in Mexico.  

The day that I went had a green chicken taco special and I hope that stays one the menu.  I liked it much better then the bean and cheese or carne asada taco.  They also have a great selection of lemonade with flavors that I have never heard.  Make sure to bring cash... that is all they take!
Ran across this place while running errands today.  I felt like I was in Newport Beach or something.  Got the 3-pack tacos for $5:  what a deal!  The owner, Andy, came out to welcome us and ask how everything was.  Very friendly guy, and funky little neighborhood place. They use mostly AZ products and try to go organic for their produce which is a big plus.  Check it out if you head over that way.
It's always a good sign to see a line at a lunch spot. Tacos were pretty good, my least favorite of the ones I tried was the fish, not that is it wasnt good, just that there are others I prefer. Beans were just plain ole pinto beans. All in all a good stop with good food and the price is just right for lunch.
A cup of Ice for $3! 
Are you Kiddin' me?


Three tacos for $5 is a good deal!
A can of Soda for $1 not a bad deal...
But when you order the lemonade for $3, it's 95% crushed ice & comes with a cute little umbrella in the straw, well this part is a "rip off!"
"Seriously! "

I usually order differnt Tacos & they are good! All the ingredients are fresh...The  fish, carne asada and chicken are my favorites.  
The green and red salsas are tasty. Also freshly made

If I didn't feel so ripped off on the lemonade, & I've made this mistake several times, I would give this place Five Stars!
Well, I was gonna write a review of this DUMP but then I saw Aaron A's review and think it'd be better just to re-post his horrible review!!!  (how's that for a first line of a review, Aaron A?)

"... I would not step back in this place for a taco.  Fatty pork is fine, if its cooked nicely, but this was not. Green beef was ok, as long as I piled the pretty good tomatillo salsa over it.  The fish...let's leave it at ugh.  If this is their specialty, it's over already.  (no more lines waiting, I see that much...)

"This is Sunnyslope, and with the authentic delicious taco and burrito choices around here, this place is only competing with the tacos across the street at Jack in the Box, and I would probably eat those before I'd touch another one of these, it was that bad for me.

"SORRY HIPPIES.  THIS WASN'T GOOD.  IF YOU ARE GOING TO COME INTO A MEXICAN PART OF TOWN YOU'D BETTER BRING THE MEAT TO COMPETE.  YOU ARE FAR OUTCLASSED IN TACOLAND."  (Bold mine)

"So, after some thought I decided rather than just pan the place, I'm giving suggestions:  
1. use a paper or wax paper between the aluminum and taco, or you have a mess.
2. do something with that too cold cabbage/cheese/tomato
3.  grill the fish and don't smother it / chop it up.  make sure its fresh.
4.  get a better cut of pork, go organic (maybe it is), season it better
5.  keep the happy people in front, they were nice
6.  don't blend your lemonade with ice, it was awful and too sweet
7.  quit buying your chips at Costco, those round ones suck
8.  do something with the guacamole, it was ok just being avocado and lime, but it was pureed.  keep it chunky.
9.  get more input from your mexican chefs, they probably know what is wrong
10. Both the red and green salsas were good, just need a taco to go with it"

------------

BE SURE TO LOOK FOR ALL THE FLIES THEY HAVE IN THE KITCHEN DURING THE SUMMER MONTHS.  Ugh.

HORRIBLE FOOD.
My boyfriend and I have been wanting to check out a  Two Hippies joint for quite some time, but it's usually after we just ate somewhere else. Today, we were out running errands and got hungry so decided to come here. I'm glad we did!

I had the pesto-mayo/feta/etc hot dog. It was delicious, and they put two dogs in a bun, so it's a ton of food. I've been jonesing for a good hot dog ever since Maui Dog closed, and this will probably be a good replacement for it! They throw in a little bag of chips too, I got regular Sun Chips, but my boyfriend stole them from me.

I also had a frozen lemonade, with passionfruit. First taste and it reminded me of another thing I miss dearly, Fruitopia!

My boyfriend had just a plain hot dog. He got ketchup and mustard for it too. He enjoyed it, but I think he secretly liked my dog better. He got FunYuns as his chip choice, but regretted it so I ended up eating them.

All in all, $10 spent on a good amount of food.

You can BYOB there too, which is awesome. I think next time we go we'll be bringing some kind of drank. :)
Hey come on its a beach taco shop. stick with the chicken, beef or pork tacos.
great price decent serving size. You can have it with the cabbage, beans and rice inside the taco or leave it out. Its a quick bite to eat. its not a biog date night here. i stop in every now and then mostly at lunch when i don't have a lot of time or $$ and i just need a quick bite to hold me over till supper.
I'm new to area and saw this place driving by one day, so I stopped. The owners were working and walked me through their menu. 

I had the green chili beef burrito. It was HUGE and delicious! I see a lot of reviews from the past saying they don't accept credit cards but they now accept credit cards! Stop by and check them out!
This is a new Denny's.Unlike some of the older Denny's this one was nice inside - the lighting warm, fixtures were modern, the foam seats and tile were warm earth tones.  We went right after the first Christmas mass at the local church, so seating was wide open but got busy when we were done.  

The waiter came right away to wish us Merry Christ mas and to get drink orders.  The coffee was freshly brewed and though not exact;y a gourmet blend, but it was fine. The waiter was prompt coming back to get our orders.  For the regular Grand Slam ($6), I chose four items - hash browns, eggs over medium, two sausage, and pancakes.  My brother ordered the Belgian waffle slam - similar to mine but with a fluffy waffle.  My parents split a senior omelet but I gave then my two pancakes.  That's the beauty of things being served on separate plates like they did - we passed everything around the table.  

The food arrived in 10 minutes.  What's nice with this Denny's that you can see some of the kitchen preparation from some tables.  Everything came back almost perfectly cooked.  The hash browns were bland, but had a decent crispiness, the sausages were just okay, but their bacon was good.  Eggs were done just right and pancakes were fluffy.  We got lots of coffee refills. 

Overall, it was a pleasant decent breakfast.  I really think breakfast is their best meal, the lunches and dinners I' ve had any Denny's hve been forgettable. So as it was late morning, the place was getting crowded, and we ready to leave.  But my mom, who is the ultimate friendly chatterer, just had to tell our waiter our family history in Las Vegas.  The waiter,  seeing the 25% tip in my mom's hand, was more than willing to listen.
Wife and I went here one night at midnight. Ordered the food to go very good customer service and friendly people. The inside is clean and very nice looking. Good spot for people traveling right off the interstate. Quick to get to and good food for not to much
Best Denny's I have ever been too! The food is always fresh. Arnulfo is the best employee there!! This place is always consistent.
There are so many other better breakfast places...
I am a frequent customer of this Denny's as it is close to our home.  We usually get pretty good service, but not today.  

My wife and I invited our daughter and her new 6 week old son to eat a late breakfast with us.  We were seated right away, but a waiter never came by to offer us our drinks or take our order.  We also noticed 2 other large families come in and order right away.  After about 15 minutes, we still had not ordered and we decided to leave.  Not one waiter acknowledged us as we watched them repeatedly walk past our table.  I have never experienced any service like this before.  

I can only assume that they were afraid of the 6 week old sleeping baby.  A very bad experience.  Don't plan to eat at this place in the future.
Came here to meet up with some friends for breakfast. The food wasn't anything special...just a plain 'ol diner breakfast.  I ordered the ham and eggs with hashbrowns and toast.  It came out on 3 small plates. LOL Apparantly they were out of bigger plates.  The ham was about the size of a cell phone-a little on the small side I thought but whatever.  Eggs good, hashbrowns, good, toast cold with barely any butter.  The place was clean and the waitress was super attentive.  All a good average experience.
Absolutely the worst (slowest) service I've ever had at a Denny's. Food came out cold. Took over 10 minutes for us to be able to get anyone's attention to get new food. Drinks were only refilled once and had sat there empty for quite a while. Once done eating, took another 15 or so minutes to get our bill...needless to say, we almost walked out. Will definately not return to this location.
Having not been to a Denny's in a while, I must say I was rather impressed with the quality of the food, I got a chessebuger, fries and a salad. The burger was a fresh, handmade patty and was juicy and flavorful. The fries, although not plentiful, were crisp and golden. The salad was loaded with fresh veggies and was one of the better dinner salads I've had in recent memory. The Mrs. got the Prime Rib Cobb Salad, which looked fantastic. Too bad they didn't offer a half size, as it was huge. There were very few people inside and there was no waiting at all upon arrival. The waitress, Anna, was very attentive and the manager even came around to check on us. The good time oldies music playing was a nice touch. This is a good place to go if you can't decide what exactly it is you are hungry for. The menu had plenty of variety and the food was pretty good. I am going with four stars, compared to similar establishments, based on the service and the quality of the food. I would love to see if they can duplicate the same quality and service when they are busy.
This was my first time at this particular Denfa dsal
Nothing is more frustrating than having to get up and ask for silverware so you can eat your food. The burger was nasty guess I should have just stuck with breakfast for lunch. Very disappointing! My son ate his whole plate so guess the pancakes were good. Don't like this location at all! I'll stick to the one one lake mead. Not to mention the restrooms are disgusting!
Horrible service! No check backs on how things were, drinks took forever to be brought to the table after we ordered, had to ask for refills, and it took forever for our server to drop the check after we had already asked for it. She checked on other tables several times and didn't check on us. Wtf?!?! Get your shit together, Denny's!!!
I go here at least 2 times a week its always good food and service the manger is a great guy and the servers most the time  dont need to even right down the orders and always get it right
Service is good, food is usually good. Can't beat the prices. Only problem I have is that there is a foul smell throughout the resturaunt.
Worst service ever! 2 unfriendly hostess in front were talking to each other and we had to ask them to seat us. Then it took 15 minutes to approach our table and that was after we asked for help. The food was ok.
Although I am going to swear off fast food I stop in to see Jack for lunch. Got my normal Burger, Seasoned fries, motts sticks, and the Death by Chocolate treat. The girl on the Speaker was clear and got my order right, it was out the window and in my hands under 3 minutes.
2am Taco fix?????

Look no further than Jack in the Box to help soak up your booze filled tummy and make you feel much better in the am.

I won't condone eating here when you are sober unless you are really in need of something fast.
Take Two for the seach of the smoothie.  

Since being let down yesterday getting my smoothie for breakfast, I decided to hit up this location a short jaunt from the house, but on the way to work.  

I order at the drive-thru this morning a small Strawberry Banana Smoothie.  Get to the window and am told.  Its not ready.  It will be in 15 minutes.  I say thanks and drive off.   DAYUM!  Cant a pregnant woman fulfill a breakfast craving?!  

You'd think that with a 24hr drive-thru operation that they'd have an item ready that would more likely than not, be consumed during breakfast hours!!
Not too bad after a night of partying. I went here around 2 a.m.  There was a line, but it progressed quickly. The sirloin burger was accurate to my order.  I expected the burger to be a little bigger... The fried were hot. 

It's fast food (that I don't need) so what else can I say?!
For what it is, Jack in the Box hits the spot. I tend to stay far away from fast food places but Jack is the closest place to grub by my house and the breakfast menu is decent/served all day. Cheap food, good service, and convenient makes it alright in my book.
Finally a decent place opens in the otherwise cursed location.  The food is fresh and delicious.  The cuisine is Japanese with an emphasis on rice bowls with an average meal at about $8.00.  The chicken bowls are delicious, especially with all white meat.

The style is fast food, but the preparation and delivery are first rate and orders are made to order.  The teriyaki is prepared by the facility; not that sweat molasses crap you find elsewhere at comparable chain restaurants.

Family owned and operated.  A great dining experience.
when i first saw this place I was hesitant to try it. I am glad I did! Its fast food but it taste's better than any chinese place around here. The meat is grilled and taste's amazing. Everything about this place is fresh and quality ingredients. Im glad I found this place I will be back.
Come on folks, this place can't earn five stars. This is in the neighborhood, so I eat here regularly. It's three stars, at best, and  serves fast Asian food at the quality of a mall food court counter.
I have eaten here several times.  I have only had the chicken bowls.  I get the brown rice version.  The food is very carefully prepared.  The sauces are home made and the people are extremely friendly.  The place is very clean.  I think with tax a chicken bowl is just over $5.00.
Great fresh food Great people Great price... support your local businesses!!!
A friend of ours recommended Luu's to us a few months back.  We were sold after our first visit and been back several satisfying times.  I usually get the pork bowl.  The meat is very tender and the vegetables are ALWAYS fresh and perfectly cooked.  The various sauces are a perfect compliment.  They have a super tasty hot sauce that Jeannie and I really like.  Jeannie usually gets the chicken bowl ( my kids have had them too and they devoured it!) or a salad ( the salad is just a salad, but it like everything is prepared well and always fresh) and she has never been disappointed with her meals. Like Mark G. said, the preparation and delivery are always solid and they show a true interest in customer satisfaction.

I always order a egg roll. Ordering an egg roll at most Asian "fast food" places is always a let down for me. They always seem to be on the extremely greasy side or heat lamp dehydrated,  and usually packed with ancient overcooked  fixings. However, the ones at Luu's are always super flaky, and filled with fresh and tasty fillings.  

We were talked into some crab puffs on our last visit.  Not sure I would give up my egg roll for them, but they were very good.  I think the order came with six little golden purses of sweet crab filling.  We had to fight over them because everyone in this family of four wanted seconds!  I figured I had enough fried food in the form of my treasured egg roll and I wasn't about to share that bad boy.

Have to expand our menu selections.  But the bowls are hard to beat since they come in at around $5.
Really good inexpensive food and friendly owners!  I come here at least once a week.  Their hot sauce goes great with their chicken egg rolls!
This place is pretty good. Even though it is a fast food place, it doesn't taste like it. I couldn't believe how tender their steak was, and their miso soup was delicious. Everything is reasonably priced too. I will definitely be back!
Pork bowl, chicken bowl, crab puffs. Absolutely delicious! 

Quality ingredients, super fresh and tasty side sauces. Honestly I have never had drive through Japanese this good. The owners are awesome and tonight they are staying open late to accommodate my order.

Fast, friendly and fresh. It doesn't get much better at this price and convenience.
What a great discovery!  Luu's Chicken Bowl is a current favorite for our family.  We had driven by the location several times without even noticing it was there, but I could not be more happy we stumbled across it. 

For those of you who don't like to read a page long review, here are some of the things I love most about Luu's....

Homemade, amazingly delicious sauces
Fresh, high quality ingredients
Fast, friendly service
Great prices and generous servings
They have a drive through 
These guys know how to pack a to-go sack!
...and last but not least.......the CRAB WONTONS!

Oh, you want to know more?  Well, let me elaborate a bit :)

Upon entering Luu's, I always know I will be greeted by a smiling friendly face and an immaculately clean dining area.  There is a white board near the register listing the daily specials (try the teriyaki chicken and yakisoba) and a small counter housing homemade condiments, plastic utensils and a soda fountain.  After I place my order, I always hear a fresh batch of wontons get dropped in the fryer as they prepare our chicken bowls.  After just a few minutes, my order is on the counter perfectly parceled with everything I could need; extra teriyaki sauce, hot sauce, sweet and sour, and if we get a ginger chicken bowl (another must try item) there is also extra ginger sauce.  There are napkins and utensils included in the bag, as well.

If you decide to go through the drive through, keep in mind that they fry the wontons and egg rolls to order so there will be a few minutes of waiting at the window if you order these items.

The crab wontons are the crabbiest I have had.  Ever. They are delish with a double dip into the sweet and sour and then the hot sauce.  Trust me, it will be the best $2.59 +tax you have spent in a long time


**For a nominal fee you can substitute white meat chicken and/or brown rice, both of which I highly recommend
A nice inexpensive neighborhood place for a rice bowl.  We tried the ginger chicken and teriyaki chicken bowls - both were quite good and the sauce was provided generously.  We also ordered the crab puffs which were also tastey.
Don't be turned away by the appearance of the building, we were happy we gave it a try.
Love this place. The $5 chicken bowl is a must. Fast food that is good for you....who knew! :-)
"Never judge a book by its cover". This is one of those small gems that people might not give a 2nd look. It's a free standing building that has had its share of restaurant tenants. If a buddy hadn't told me about Luu's, I might never have spotted it. The food is cooked fresh, and it is GOOD! Chicken and beef dishes are my favorites. Very casual, fast food ambiance, but definitely dine-in restaurant quality. Tam and Christy are very friendly. There is a convenient drive-thru, also. CHECK IT OUT!
So glad to find a place like this near my friends house in North Phoenix.  Sesame Chicken was great along with sauce and rice.  We got two special Chicken egg rolls, close to the best I've had and only .99.  Huge, where I'm from N CA they would be $1.50 or $1.75.  The chicken was only $7, and lots of white meat chicken!!  I agree with many people, would have not tried based on a drive by, however the Yelp reviews made me take notice.  Will try his place next time I'm in Manteca visiting the in-laws.
Fast friendly service, good chicken bowls and you get a lot for your $$$
Not what you'd think from a hole-in-the-wall place. Great food, awesome customer service, amazing prices. Luu's stands out in a fast food environment with loads of competition who seemingly care only about your money. I've had several dishes here and they're always fast, fresh and delicious. I've been reluctant to give any restaurant 5 stars before, but Luu's is worthy of the rating. Great eats. Recommend the yakisoba with teriyaki chicken, or the teriyaki chicken bowl (served with sweet jasmine rice!)
Great authentic Japanese fast food at great prices. Fast friendly service. I got the chicken teriyaki and yakisoba. It was very tasty at a great price and they give a good portion. I would definitely recommend going here if you want authentic cheap Japanese food.
I came here after finding it on yelp. Their food is very fresh, with the chicken carefully laid across the vegetables and rice with sauce on top. The presentation is really lovely for a fast food-ish place. In addition, the staff was super friendly. I told them it was my first time dining there, and they advised me to order the ginger chicken bowl, which I loved. I also ordered the crab puffs, after seeing so many positive reviews.
The crab puffs were not all cream cheese like at other places, they were filled with crab and had some green onions, too. Be careful if you order these- they make them fresh for each order and they are HOT when they first come out! I dipped them in both the sweet and sour and the hot sauce that can be found at the sauce bar. 
I wish I had gotten brown rice, but now I know for next time.
I recommend this place if you are looking for a quick, cheap, asian fix in the area.
Chickens ok.  Their beef sucks.  Haven't tried the pork.  If It wasn't for the hot sauce I'd of not finished my food.  Don't know how or why this place is rated so high.  You've let me down fellow yelpers
not much to look at but wow great food at reasonable prices. the Yakisoba noodles were to die for. nice people too. will go back again and again.
Great food! The price is right for a chicken bowl, just under $5 and for just under $6, you can get a combo with pork, chicken or beef. I recently ordered food for 6 people and it could have fed 8-10. Oh, and the crab puffs?? Really, really good and only $2.50 for a bag of 6. I would recommend this for take-out. The inside of the restaurant is kind of what you'd expect (tacky and hole-in-the-wallish).
Service, service, service!!! They always win us over with their smiles and positive attitude!!! The lady at the register and drive through is super nice and consistently friendly!!
Plus, I am a super fan of the Special Chicken Roll and traditional teriyaky!!! :)
Went in the drive thru at Luu's tonight for the first time.  I ordered the chicken teriyaki with yakisoba and a chicken spring roll.  The spring roll was FAT, and good.  The dipping sauce was just one-note sweet, which was fine.  The yakisoba was insane.  Great texture and flavor, enjoyed the veggies in it.  The chicken teriyaki was kind of a different story.  Despite it being dark meat, it was pretty dry.  The teriyaki sauce was savory, with no sweetness to it at all.  I was kind of surprised since it seems so many people order it from the reviews.  I will try the pork next time, as that seems to be another favorite, or maybe the sesame chicken.  But I am not giving up on Luu's!
I came back to Luu's to try it again - this time I got the pork bowl, and hallelujah, this was the right decision!  The pork is like a bbq asian pork that is sliced thinly and piled high - it was succulent, juicy, and delicious.  Now I know what to get! 

I also tried the crab puffs since other users have raved about them, and they were very good - it was like a warm crab salad inside a fried wonton.  And 6 for $2.50?  That's pretty much a steal.  Try them!
For fast food, it doesn't get any better than this!  My favorite is the ginger chicken bowl with white meat and brown rice.  I've been coming here for months and can't get enough.  The sauces are homemade and amazing... the service is top notch... the restaurant is clean... and everything is cooked fresh to order.  If you're looking for great food on an ordinary day, Luu's Chicken Bowl is your best bet.
I love this place. The prices are more than fair and the food is excellent for fast food. It is true, the woman who works the drive thru is extremely nice and friendly and she's always smiling. I like going here often. I'm never disappointed.
My all time favorite Phoenix fast food restaurant. I have been coming here for almost 3 years and they have consistently good food, and excellent customer service. Christy, the gal at the drive through window, is the nicest, most friendly person I have encountered at a restaurant here in Phoenix. 

I usually order the ginger chicken bowl with no rice and extra veggies. All the veggies are fresh, never frozen (you can see the whole carrots and fresh broccoli and cabbage from the window), and they are steamed to crunchy perfection. The ginger sauce is great, the portions are HUGE, and the prices are terrific. The crab puffs are full of crab (I find it strange at other restaurants crab puffs are on the menu, but don't actually have any crab in them), and are an excellent price at 6/$2.50. The spicy chicken wings and chicken satay are also delicious.

Luu's Chicken bowl has great food, great prices, and the best customer service in Phoenix!
Good Bowl
I love Luu's!
Think of it as an authentic yokohama rice bowl. The ingredients are really fresh, and the price is beyond reasonable. The service is always quick and friendly. Oh and they don't skimp on the portion size or sauce, like some other places. Go try it!!!
Easily the best bang for your buck in north phoenix as far as fast food goes. Beef is good, so is the pork. However, I recommend the chicken teriyaki bowl as one of the best lunches through a drive thru you will ever have, not to mention one of the most greaseless. Egg rolls are crispy, not soft. That's a plus for me. 

I've noticed in many reviews for Asian places, that cabbage isn't normal/acceptable. I disagree, but they do use cabbage. I've never asked them to hold it, but i can't imagine if you did, they would decline.

Speaking of which, they're nice there too, friendly, but don't talk your ear off.
Excellent, cheap and friendly!!!!

I love this place.Have been going here for a few years.  Not much to look at, but clean, delicious and amazingly cheap!

 I have had many of the dishes and they are all great. They don't drench the food in sauce. There are warmers at the condiment area that have sauces. The egg rolls are large and crispy. They have pickled ginger at the condiment counter ( I could eat it by the bucket- full!). If you get food to go, they put the sauce in a container so the food does not get soggy and you can have as much or as little sauce as you desire. The veges are freshly cooked and still have texture. Everything seems to be freshly prepared. 

Delicious!!!
Great Service, Freshly cooked tasty food without MSG! Don't let the building scare you away! The cooks got heart for good food!
My husband picked up a teriyaki bowl from here last weekend and said the beef tasted strange while he was eating it. Several hours later he definitely had food poisoning.
I've eaten here twice, and though others have raved about this place, I don't see it as anything outstanding.  The service is definitely great - they are family owned and super friendly.  The food is fresh and the crab puffs definitely are tasty.  The first time we came, I ordered the chicken teriyaki bowl - it came with some veggies and rice.  Though it was hot and fresh, the taste wasn't amazing - but it was good. The 2nd time I ordered the BBQ pork - I thought it'd be more like "char siu" but it wasn't - it was just drizzled with teriyaki sauce.  The meat was plentiful of course.  I will keep coming here since our house is nearby when I have those bowl cravings.
I love this place. Family owned and operated, they work their butts off providing 100% consistent, quality food at a great price. I usually get the #1, a chicken bowl and I add a chicken egg roll. All taste great and for less than $6. 
The chicken bowl comes with fresh grilled chicken with rice, cabbage, carrots, and broccoli smothered but not drowned in their fabulous teriyaki sauce. 
The egg roll is fresh, hot and crunchy. I love them!
Crazy cheap and delicious food--the hot chicken wings are perfectly cooked and crispy. It's also local and family-run!
First timer today and WOW!! I am happy I tried it. I had the number 7 w/hot sauce on the side (don't forget that sauce)! Chicken breast plate with rice, salad, veggies and a spring roll. Salad was crisp, fresh as we're the veggies. Chicken was juicy and season just right. I will be stopping by again to try more things.
I had an awesome client drop some off for me once for lunch and wow was it good. I highly recommend Luu's to anyone!
I do not understand all of the good reviews for this place. The ginger chicken bowl was dry and bland except for the ginger sauce which tasted like it came from a can. It had a distinct Metallic taste. The miso soup was so salty you could barely taste any miso flavor at all. The only semi-decent thing was the hot sauce. And the rice was edible. I will not be coming back.
Luu's is a must try if you have a teriyaki craving . I ordered a teriyaki bowl with chicken breast . Everything was so fresh considering how fast it was to make it . I will for sure stop by the next time I need a quick bite in that neighborhood .
Love the ginger salad dressing. Food is always nice and hot. Service is very friendly. I love that they have a drive thru for those post yard work dinners (you know, when you're all dirty and sweaty and don't want to offend anyone). Definitely a great alternative to the typical burger fast food drive thru. Good prices, too!
Good priced, but not the best if one is carb conscious
So this place looks sketchy and it took a while for me to try it out.  Now that I have I sure wish I tried it sooner.  Awesome quick food.
Hands down best teriyaki chicken bowl in the valley- I always it with extra cabbage ( which is weird) but they always give me what I want and are so nice and friendly. they always remember me:)
Me and my family have had their Teriyaki Chicken Bowl countless times. It's always good and at a reasonable price.  We usually get it to go, so I don't know the dine-in experience, but I definitely would recommend this place.
Two key points:

1) It's new, so, it's still mostly clean and the grease traps haven't reached critical mass yet.

2) If you're headed toward Tucson on I-10 east, this is really the last convenient place to get off before you get to Casa Grande exit 195 which is like a billion miles away. So if you're hungry GET OFF NOW.

That is all.
This McDonald's can kiss it. And there servers. I only been here 3 times since its right around the corner form my work. I'd rather drive 10 miles to a good service and better food place then this. The service always sucks. The Piss inside lack communication and brains. As well as emotions. I think a robot could do better. And the food is always stale. Like its been under a heat lamp all day. Nasty fools.
horrible old buns,.food cold first.mcdonalds that really messed up a simple burger###yeah fellow yelpers stay away from this one!
I come here occasionally as it is close to work and cheap eats.  I can't say I've really had some of the issues others have.  Food's been generally fine and seemed fresh within reason for fast food, the staff usually is cool and the wait time varies from eh to good.

The only thing that bugs me is you have to remember to ask for ketchup because they rarely if ever ask and I've yet to have them just give it to me.  I *LIKE* ketchup with my fries, dang it!
Run of the mill McDonald's which is one convenient exit & about two blocks off the freeway.  Appears to be a newer building with two ordering lanes.  There's a HUGE cactus for you to stare at while waiting for your order to come up.
I had no choice, but to choose a star. Over the years this Mc Donalds continues to disappoint.  I truly believe this franchise owner really does not care. This morning will be last time I go there. The people at my job have had similar dissapointing experiences with the same place. It is close and convenient for us. But they would rather go to another location nearby or somewhere close to their home, when commuting to work. This morning I ordered strawberry cream pie and was told again that they had none and asked if can be I would like apple pies instead. About fifteen minutes later at work. The apple pie was hard as a rock. More like a apple biscuit. This is the final straw. This place is horrible. The list of things that I have ordered over time is too long to list. Mc Donald Corp should pull their licensing away from owner. I have took time from my day to write this, rather than spending it on something else more productive.
This building used to be a Krispy Kreme donut shop. The new occupant is Carl's Jr. In my second time eating at Carl's Jr., on this location for lunch. This place is very clean for a fast food restaurant. When I was eating my hamburger combo. I saw one of the employee on her hands and knees scrubbing the tile floor with a scouring pad. Wow!
I will preface this review to say it was Christmas day and Carl's Jr was the only thing open. I had no other options and I had never been to this particular fast food chain.

The location is quite clean. That is why it got 2 stars.

The food is atrocious; the people are ambivalent and the fries are greasy. I will save you all from my usual banter and witty remarks. 

Dont go here unless you invest in pepto bismal!
Any fast food place can be hit or miss.
I love the Charbroiled Santa Fe Chicken sandwiches. But I know to ask for an extra chile. If I didn't, I'd get a tiny chile strip which would cover 3 bites. Gotta know how to work the system.
Look, I love Carl's Jr.  Specifically their breakfast burger (without bacon) and the Carl's #1.  Both make me an extremely happy girl, and my life is better when eating here.

But, this Carl's just isn't the best that I've been to. Yes, I get the food I want, for the most part, but this one just lacks in so many ways it's almost silly. For starters, the dining area is a weird setup.  I guess it used to be a Krispy Kreme according to a previous reviewer, which explains the large, weird exposed kitchen with the matching wood floors and the double door entry with the bathrooms in the double door area versus being inside the actual restaurant.

This location seems to get a lot of riff raff, probably because it's at the end of the light rail, and located inside Christown mall.  (well, the parking lot area, at least.)  The service is somewhat slow, but not unbearable.  Food is fine, but it's the ambiance of the place that makes me go through the drive through versus eating in 99% of the time. Today I ate in because I wanted to, and didn't have time to stop at home and eat, so I dined in.

Overall, not my favorite Carl's, but it does the job.  I don't mean to sound like such a hater, but there's loads of fast food in this area, and I can't put my finger on why I'm so chronically disappointed with this Carl's. I think its a combination of the riff raff crowd, overall slow service, and the weird layout. They do have outdoor seating here, so you can eat outdoors if the weather is nice.

Oh, and the music here is SO freakin loud when I'm in there! Like, to the point where you sort of have to talk over it, or if your sitting alone, it's to the point where it's really annoying.
Average chain location with faster than average service.
It is so nice to be able to buy just a sandwich and a drink without the upsell of fries.  It helps me keep on track and make a decent healthful selection.  I reccomend the teriyaki turkey burger.  It had lots of flavor and was on a whole wheat bun.
I never write a review of fast food chains but my wife was insistent because she enjoyed her char-broiled burger so much. The meat was charred just the way she liked it. I had the teriyaki burger and enjoyed it a lot too. 
We've eaten at quite a few Carl's before but she said this was absolutely the best. Raved about it all day.
Who ever is the owner of this franchise doesn't realize or care that this place is very very SMOKEY all the time!!! Vents don't work, fix it!!! 
Is this a health hazard? That's my question. Employees breath this all the time, every day, for many hrs at a time. 
Just saying.
Stopped by for dinner last night. Unlike the first few times this was disappointing. Fries were soggy and the burgers were just ok. Consistency is the key for a good food joint whether a burger place our a sit down restaurant.
I have been to this store 3 times... and each time, I was greeted by slow, unfriendly, and apathetic cashiers. They literally act like they are doing you a favor by taking your order. I will never patronize this store, again!
I had only gone through the drive through at this location. The food was decent enough. Made the mistake of going inside and used the restroom first...Horrible! It is said that you can tell how clean the kitchen is by how the bathrooms are maintained. I really hope that would be untrue - but I seriously doubt it. Yuck!
NEVER, ever go here. Worst service and unprofessional management ever. Ordered 4 tacos and a Coke. Couldn't get that right even after 10 minutes of time. 2 cars total in the drive thru. Poorly handled by "manager". Just awful service!!!
By the way, the 2 tacos that they did give me where barely warm. Embarrasing...
This Jack in the Box get 1 star only because NO stars was an option.  The food is her is horrible and takes FOREVER to get.  The staff is rude and unprofessional.  On several occasions we have been offered "FREE" items if we would back up 2 feet while waiting in drive thru.  WE now know this is because each car is timed on how quick they get you out and by us backing up it reset the timers.  The staff is LAZY and the is shows in the food.  While in drive thru the other day the server left the window open and i acutally had to listen to to the Staff talk about their Manager and how they hated him.   NEW MANAGEMENT AND STAFF is what this place needs.  The owners need to take control of this store before they have no business

DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!
No joke, easily the worst Jack In The Box in the state. Dirty tables, rude employees, bad food.
None of the employees here wear gloves. 
I watch a employee come straight from the back room to the cook line and start cooking with his bare hands. 
I will and recommended that you never go to this jack in the box. 
 The drink station was covers with employee cups and trash. 
Look at all the comments on this jack in the box, not one good one.
They heard us wrong about our order. They fixed this quickly and efficiently. The food is fresh. My shake is yummy. 

For 1 in the morning the man with short black hair was extremely friendly and efficient. 

The store looked really, really clean.
Let me just start off by saying that I've only been in Arizona for 3 days and I've already been to this Sonic twice, so I guess that means I'm a fan.

I had never been to a Sonic before because there wasn't one in the area I lived in Washington, but my husband talked about them ALL THE TIME!  So once we moved down to Maricopa it was pretty much a given that we would be going pretty soon after we got here.  The first thing he noticed was that it isn't a full car hop like the ones he had been to before.  You go through the standard drive thru lane and give your order to the giant speakerbox but then afterwards you stop and wait and someone brings out your food and takes your payment then.  He wasn't too fond of that but since I didn't have a prior knowledge of how it was "supposed" to be done, I thought it was pretty cool.

The food was very good for a fast food place.  The first time I got the popcorn chicken meal with tator tots and a cherry-limeade slushie.  All of that was great and the slushie helped my sore throat feel a lot better as well.  The second time I got the extra long coney chili dog with chili cheese tator tots and a strawberry-limeade slushie (I'm not too adventurous with my drink selection yet).  And let me just warn you, when they say "extra long" what they really mean is this hot dog is longer than your forearm.  Needless to say I was not able to finish even half of that monster.  The tots were awesome with chili and cheese and I discovered that I liked the cherry-limeade over the strawberry, but that's all just personal preference.

The service was good, everyone we talked to was friendly and chipper.  The second guy who came out to our car apologized for the wait even though I didn't notice one.  I guess it took 3 minutes instead of 2 to get our food or something.  I liked that they go through all of the food to make sure that everything you ordered is there and made correctly before they have you pay for it.  Most fast food places I have to sit there and go through the bag before I leave to make sure they didn't screw something up or give me someone else's food.

Sonic is definately a place I will be going to again if I'm in the mood for some good fast food.
Been here 3 times in 5 months.  Each visit is a nightmare.  The help is not focused, they do not pay attention to your order.  The food is sub standard for sonic, and I will not be back.  Last visit was easy, a burger and tots.  The tots were forgotten, and the burger was so overdone it was crusty.  I would give negative stars if I could.
Cool little place. A Sonic that has a small dining room. This was cool. The food was as good as any other nation-wide chain. The service was the same.
I think one star is too good for this place.  All too often, when I order anything fried, it has such a bitter, horrid taste to it, that I'm convinced they don't change their grease out enough or don't clean the fryers properly.  I ordered cheese tots and could only stomach two.  It's a half hour later, and the horrible taste is still in my mouth.  This is how our food comes out at least 80% of the time, and I will never, never, NEVER order any food from this Sonic as long as I live.
This Sonic is disappointing. The one at 51st Ave & Baseline is much better. When I order something there they get it right 95% of the time. At this location it seems to be wrong 95% of the time. 

Pretzel dog: all bun, no dog. Waaaaaaaay too much mustard on it. I really like mustard and I had to scrape some off just to be able to eat it. 

Not sure why I keep coming back to this location, but with the limited offerings in Maricopa I guess you just bite the bullet every now and then just to mix it up. 

Tater tots are good, though.
This place is no good at all.  My wife loves the slushes so every once in a while she will pick up lunch/dinner.  After the last time I told her enough was enough.  Food is always cold and greasy as all get out.  My Texas toast was so soggy from grease it was hardly edible.  

Service is slow, prices are high and the food sucks.  No thank you.
Decided to give this location another go since I'm pregnant and been wanting a cherry limeade. My friend ordered cheese tots. They came out without the cheese melted hardly at all- just two slices of cheese places on the tots. It took several minutes for them to answer the buzzer again and then said they'd bring out new ones. When the new ones came out only half the tots had cheese (so one slice now instead of two) and the other half wasn't melted again. Buzzed again and asked for the manager. He came out and I asked for a refund and he said he would make another one. We were on duty ambulance crew and I said no thank you we have to get going, we would just like a refund. So he takes the receipt and comes back with the $2+change for the tots but then says to come back and ask for Adam and the next meal would be on him. I can't understand for the life of me why he didn't just refund my partner's entire meal instead of making that offer. I can guarantee we won't be back!
This is the the worst Sonic Burger I've been to.  The young lady who took my order on the phone wasn't polite or patient even though the restaurant was empty.  She told me that the ran out of bottled water.  Are you kidding me?  In the middle of the Arizona desert you run out of bottled water?  I asked who's job it was to order the water and she responded her manager who conveniently wasn't there when we were.  Tap water tasted like it came out of a rubber hose.  Speaking of water, there was water (?) all over the men's room floor and my daughters said the ladies room was filthy.  Food was marginal at best.  Kids slushies had  a nasty aftertaste and they wouldn't finish them.  Will not stop here again.  Ever.
Really cant believe the stupidity of the caliber of employees,  4 different Carls Jr. Managers from 2 stores. First store place order...order was discovered to be wrong NOT only the wrong burger, but absolutely plain several mins later after I left was on HWY....another Carls Jr. store on the way home I stop tell them the problem. NOW SAME OWNERS OF THESE LOCATIONS...I ASKED FIRST QUESTION... the store asst. managers both tell me NO they cant replace the burger from both stores...I have witnesses (a friend and 6 customers, 1 of whom left once she heard what was going on).....It gets better they both say they cant give away free food....and they dont want to get in trouble for it....MEANWHILE IM HEATED AND LAUGHING FROM THE STUPIDITY......Its was listen I paid for this shit $8.17 to be exact...your not giving me anything for free...Im looking for what I paid for...Meanwhile Now the Managers of each store is involved on phone and THEY REFUSED.......WTF REALLY IS WRONG WITH  YOUNG PEOPLE THESE DAYS...IS OUR YOUNGER GENERATION OF KIDS REALLY THIS DUMB!!  To FINISH I will be calling Corporate on both stores, the BBB, and emailing sites all over the internet.
Let me preface this review by noting that I absolutely adore Carl's Jr! They make the best chain burger in the country and the lack of Carl's Jr in my current city of Cleveland,OH is enough to send a man into a deep depression. 

However, since this review is for this specific location, I have to overlook my fondness for CJ to say that this is perhaps one of the most poorly run fast food restaurants I have ever been to. I used to work near this location so this is coming from regular visits to this specific store. 

The staff are unfriendly (bordering on rude) and the service is slower than molasses in January. More often than not they get the order wrong as well. 

So, as much as I love CJ, a short trip to a different location is well worth the drive.
I wish I couldn't even give it one star, my husband and I went in there for a quick bite before going grocery shopping. We went to the counter; we were not greeted for one, two they all looked at both my husband and I like we don't belong in here because of our skin color and two they all spoke spanish not one drop of English! I'm sorry, but if you are going to work in a fast food restaurant in America you better start speaking our language. I will never go to this one EVER again!
This only gets two stars because I love Carl's Jr. This one really lacks in everything. Cold food, crappy service. But, I keep going, not sure why.
I was really feeling the western bacon cheesburger vibe in the morning so I went over here in the morning for that for breakfast. I went through the drive-thru. Only problem I had was that it seemed to take long, maybe 10 minutes, for my order. I think the person was the manager, or morning manager if they have different people, and he was all alone (btw he looks like the air marshall from Bridesmaids). I'm not sure if it was slow because he was the only one there, or maybe I had ordered something that was typically for lunch or dinner and not for breakfast, both those issues, or something else...or maybe they just take a long time.

The location is pretty bad. I'm speaking purely from a traffic point of view. Good luck getting out of there...or in there for that matter. Not that it's hard but traffic in the morning around 6:30 right there is pretty bad...and I imagine it doesn't lighten up with the 202 being right there. The asphalt is in poor shape too.
I love Carls Jr, but the hamburger was put together sloppy. When did they start using square buns?? And to top it off it was stale. Brought it back and got a round  bun, but that didn't help the experience. Just couldn't eat any more and dumped my meal in the trash. 
The soda fountain was running out of several sodas. They looked like were short handed, but there was an elderly employee taking her break in the eating area. 
This place was much better than before, but it has gone the tubes. Scratch this location off my list. Adios!!
You need to be patient to wait ur food in here :) more than 10 minutes for 2 hamburger deluxes:)
This is a good place to stop going to or coming from Vegas.  Same consistent JITB food and the counter help is always pleasant.
On the drive to Phoenix from Vegas, there's a long stretch of highway between Wikieup and Wickenburg.  This place is a nice place to stop, stretch, buy some food, fill up on gas, and have a restroom break.

It's attached to a convenience store that has plenty of snacks and adequate bathrooms to handle a busy rush.

The gas station is a Mobil brand of gas with wide lanes and plenty of parking.

It's always on our list of places to stop during a road trip.

Return Factor - 80%.
LIke any other KFC.  I'm not particularly fond of KFCs but the hubby was craving it so we went.  I think if you like KFC then you'd like this one - pretty nice folks.  The tables needed cleaning, however.
The worst fast food service I have ever received. I was asked what I ordered 3 different times at the drive thru order box and then twice more when I got to the window and it was still wrong. Took us about 20 mins total just to get through a drive thru. The food was bad as well. Overly salted and kinda rubbery and cold.
I try to be fair so I always give a place a second chance. Although my first experience was poor and my stomach lived to regret it I gave them another shot. Once again I purchased the basic, regular recipe, crispy 12 piece chicken bucket with 2 sides of slaw and biscuits...can't help it, I'm a boring old traditionalist! One would think that for such a basic order, it should have been perfect. The chicken was a rubbery, dry, smooshy mess with a darkish black tinge (from being reheated in dirty oil) to the coating. The coating was neither crispy or crunchy, it was mushy, soft and slid off in one greasy piece.The meat inside was dry and rubbery (old, freezer burned chicken!) and even the bones were blackened. It was truly disgusting and not really edible, my poor Pomeranian even gave me a strange look when I offered him some. I believe that the chicken had been put in the refrigerator and then brought out and reheated in the aforementioned dirty cooking oil because that is how it looked and tasted. Obviously someone is being lazy and cooking too much chicken and then not disposing of it once it has sat around for a few days. The slaw, usually my favorite, was soupy and loaded with vinegar. It resembled cabbage soup more than slaw and was soggy, not crunchy or crisp. I took one container and drained the excess "soup" from it and it was 3/4 cup of vinegar water. C'mon, slaw isn't rocket science nor does it take a long time to make..no excuse for old slaw! The biscuits - no surprise- were hard, dry and cold..another days old product that should have been thrown out instead of microwaved and boxed up. Pretty clear that no one working here cares about the food or the customers, no effort whatsoever and way over priced at $39.00! Talk about being robbed. When the food arrived home I called them and after several no answers (they weren't busy on a Thurday night - not enough to not answer the phone) someone answered and when I asked to speak to a manager was placed on hold and hung up on. When I called back there was no answer again. Even if they were giving this away free I wouldn't take it, I only ate a few bites and my stomach was definitely an unhappy camper that night as was my husband's....the dog is OK as he was smart enough to walk away! Good boy Maxx! So unless you see a sign that says "UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT" take a tip from Maxx and just keep on truckin'!
Been there three times, never had a good experience, I do like KFC BUT THIS ONE NEEDS new management. Once no sauce for my chicken, once I went right at 5 pm (early dinner) and they had no crispy strips ready only just a 15 minute wait while in the drive threw (I did not wait) big management problems
Instead of giving me what I ordered, the guy behind the counter gave me a combo including more chicken tenders than I asked for. He also informed me that they were out of BBQ sauce. Plus, their soda fountain was all kinds of messed up. Not cool.
This is the McDonald's located just inside the newly remodeled Wal-Mart on 59th ave. & Bell.  Review is for breakfast experiences only.  Service was prompt and polite, and I didn't have to explain over and over that I wanted no bacon, or have a cashier that could not figure out how to order an "egg and cheese biscuit".  Food came up fast, tasted the usual McDonald's way, and then I was off to fight the other Wal-Mart patrons (at least the lady in front of me extinguished her mini-cigar before going into Wal-mart).
Let me start by saying I am not one to complain because I've worked in fast food before but this is ridiculous.. Hate this McDonalds. Staff is rude. And service is horrible. I went through the drive thru getting my Neice and nephew food after school and I paid the guy in cash and some change and was a dollar short so I have him my card and I got my food and got home then I got home checking my bank account to see that I got charged for the whole meal on my card and then my niece told me her sandwich wasn't there.. So I got angry not only double charged but didn't get the food. So I went back and told the manager RION (that's his name) what happened and I was friendly at first but after waiting 15 minutes for him to count the register money to see if they were over tells me they are only 8 dollars over and I could take that or nothing.. I told him I was charged 12 extra on my card after already paying in cash. And I asked for the guy who was helping me before to come up to clear the confusion and the fucking manager tells me that he's working and they would slow business down if they brought him up. First of all, the business already sucks!! If he's charging everyone double and not giving the right food. So if you must go to McDonald's then go to any other one but this.. Horrible horrible horrible people there.
Quite Breakfast. Come in morning, fast and good.
Tasty grub. Fast food wasn't exactly "fast," but I'll wait for fresh food. 
Friendly employee at drive thru.
keep this place clean! whwn I was sitting by the cash register I could see how dirty it was. Brown paper towels,papers,trash can full  and walking buy like there was nothing on the floor.it was a slow night. Nobody was there but my couisn and me. Please keep your work area clean cause it makes jack in the box dirty and ghetto.
Since this is the closest Jack N Box to me, I sure am glad they do a great job! Food is always fresh and made pretty quick compared to other JNB! I really like the Strawberry Smoothies and the way my car is made, the small cup sits below the rim of my cup holder making it impossible to get the cup out with out making a mess, but they always accommodate me and make a small smoothie but put it in the large cup! Glad to have this fast food place close to me!
It a McDonalds..... how much can i say?!  Anyways, its a newly updated location that is very clean and modern looking unlike the older McDonalds that are out there. The drive-thru has 2 lanes, so there is never a large wait and the service is friendly!
Out on errands today, I stopped into this McDonald's just for a snack.  The service was fast & friendly, the dining room clean, comfortable and very nicely decorated.  I loved my treat too...  just a delicious, large size soft ice cream cone for $1.19.

"So if it was so great, where's the 5th Star?" you ask.  WELL, I'm glad you asked that!     :-)

They had air blowers only in the bathroom, no paper towels, and an exit door that opens IN.  That leaves you trying to get toilet paper or maybe an ass gasket to get out of there with your hands still clean unless you luck out & someone else opens the door just at the right time, which happened for me.  In any case, this is NOT OK!  What good does it do for them to tell employees to wash their hands & wear gloves if they're going to ignore this important health issue?  Minus one Star.     :-)
I went to this location, late night around 3am, and left the drive thru window around  3:30am. The clerk was chit chatting with his friends/family member for almost 30 mins. Cars were lined up, and waiting. Late night service was an absolute disaster.
This location literally is down the street from me and I used to frequent it all the time when I still believed I could inject/inhale pure fat + NOT work out and never gain any weight.  Needless to say, I haven't been to this location for the longest time until a few weeks ago to pick up some for my brother.  It hasn't changed.  

Same old disrespectful, careless tards working the drive thru.  When I pull up to the window to get my food, the person handing me my food just stares at me.  Not a "hello", not a "thank you", not a "have a nice day" ......I'm not expecting you to CARE but part of the etiquette of working in food service is to not look like your best friend just died and least say hello to the customer.  

One time I asked for a large Dr. pepper and I was handed a small one.  So I told the girl working the window that she gave me the wrong size, in which she proceeded to snatch the drink from me without  an apology or any type of acknowledgement and then yelled very loudly and nastily at someone (while the drive thru window was open) "YOU DIDN'T TELL ME SHE WANTED A LARGE?"  Then pops back out the window and asks me "You wanted a large drink?"   YES MOTHAFUCKA.  That's what I just told you!  Ugh wthhhh.  I wouldn't be surprised if she spat in my drink.  

My most recent trip?  I know I'm Asian but I'm told all the time and know for a fact that I have ZERO asian accent  - SO please tell me why when I placed my order, the person inside acted like I barked out the equation for a hyperbole?

They have hoodrats working in this joint.  These people should quit and sell drugs instead.
Yep I work in the ghetto...although this shopping center and the surrounding area is new it's still the ghetto... This place has to be the slowest "fast food" place ever!! Ordered the breakfast with hot cakes...the hot cakes were rubbery and of course they forgot to put the condiments in the bag... Well you know what they say..the screw you in the drive through... This place sucks and a shame there aren't any others down the street to go to.
Its McDonalds!   Not that fast here so go in side cause the drive thru is a mess.
I went through the drive thru to buy my daughter and I some lunch. She had gotten a kid happy meal with apple juice and I had gotten a snack rap with a drink. The cashier who took my payment was friendly and fun and took my payment quickly. Now the woman at the second window where I got my food. Talk about not friendly and kinda rude. She didn't say one word to me not even hi. She handed me my food and then immediately shut the window. Now I know they are busy but still where is the hospitality? She even forgot my daughters apple juice and I had to waive down the lady to get her juice. If I have to go to this mcdonalds again im definately going inside and avoiding the drie thru staff by all means!
I just moved to Arizona from Alaska and we did not have any Jack In the Box there...

Can we say delicious!! I am a huge fan of the breakfast menu! When I went here I ordered the bacon burger on the sourdough bread and fries. I was not entirely impressed with that particular sandwich just because I'm not a big sourdough bread fan but wanted to try something different. The fries were absolutely delicious though!! The service at the drive thru was excellent and freindly not your average here is your food blah blah blah. 

McDonalds who?
I will be back for more Jack In the Box!
Its 2am and you are hungry, you are way the hell out in the NW valley.  Guess what?  You are eating here because nothing else is open.  We even had breakfast here Thanksgiving morning on my way to the AZ Auto Show and guess what....they were the only place open.  Its simple, food is decent fast food and its always open.  At 2am I recommend 10 tacos, for breakfast I recommend the sausage, egg, and cheese croissant sandwich.  Service is fast food they are always nice here, the place is clean inside and you really cant ask for much else, if you do you suck.
Can't beat the service. Clean and very nice Associates here. Service with a smile and good folks. Dining area is small and kinda cold but done very well with expensive fixtures but doesn't fit a Jack in th Box. Who cares. Good food and good service.
Tacos, bacon burger, and curly fries. Late night grub that hits the spot every time. Service was quick, and the employee was nice. There are a couple other Jack in the Boxes in the area and this one is far better. Drive an extra couple miles to go to this one.
This place is alot better than the one near my home. Service is a lot better, food is hot and the crew seems a lot more friendly!
Unfortunately there are not many late night fast food places open 24hrs in Surprise.  Avoid this Jack in the Box even though they are 24hrs.  The night employees are rude and slow.  Even had them lie and tell me their system is down.  Even offered to pay cash but they told me they couldn't do anything.  They need a computer to make a burger??
If you are super high and it's 2am this is your spot, otherwise, avoid it as there are much better options all around it including Rubios, 5 guys, chic-fil-a, and pizza.
Not the fastest JIB I've ever been to, or the cleanest.
Got my order wrong two times in a row.. Still had good customer service but lousy attention to detail
I'm basically 99% sure I wrote a review of this place about 8 months ago and now there are...no reviews. Is it possible for them to take stuff down? No doubt they wanted all previous reviews removed...it's not just me, the previous stack of bad reviews was proof that this place is seriously the worst McDonald's ever. Frankly I'm surprised that McDonald's Corp continues to allow them to operate this franchise location. Ronald McDonald would roll in his grave. Basically 60% of the time we're told to park. And if it's not me being told to park and wait it's usually the person in front of me. The ice cream machine is "out of order" or "down for cleaning" (your pick) more often than not. WHICH IS TOTALLY AWESOME WHEN YOU'RE IN LINE, SOMEONE PULLS IN BEHIND YOU, YOU ORDER ICE CREAM, THEY DON'T HAVE IT, THEN YOU GET TO WAIT IN LINE TO GET THROUGH THE DRIVE THRU! It would be brilliant if they would post that before the point of no return in the drive thru lane. I don't know what the deal is, if management/owners just don't care or if they don't know what's going on. I'll sum it up with my most recent drive-thru experience there:

Girl: "Hi, welcome to McDonald's, now featuring the Cherry Berry Chiller! What can I get you?"
Me: "Can I get 2 medium Cherry Berry Chillers?"
Girl: "We're out."
Me: "But you just said you had them..."
Girl: "No, I said FEATURING. We don't have them."

And she probably spit in the Sprite I got instead.
This location is good  nothing special about it but over all the service is good and food is OK.
Drive Thru is a NIGHTMARE.  Food is cold more often than not and the orders are CONSISTENTLY WRONG.
Wow! What crappy service!! I waited in line at the drive thru. I got to the speaker finally, and they asked me to hold. Sure, no problem. 11 minutes later, and several cars that went into the other lane after me, were all served. I drove up, got to the window and complained. I got an I'm sorry. Then was told I had to drive back through to place my order. I THINK NOT!!! I will never spend another red penny at this place!
We don't eat at McDonald's on a daily basis by any means, but every now and then in a pinch, we stop here because it's less than a minute from our house. 

We have yet to ever leave with our entire order 100% correct. They constantly give us the wrong food and usually leave out one or MORE things we ordered. 

Staff is unpleasant and the managers don't care if you say anything. They're equally unpleasant. Would not recommend this place! I ONLY gave them two stars because the inside is clean and that's important to me.
It was late Sunday night, and we were hungry and this is the only place open late.  We went to the one on Gantzel, but they weren't accepting anything but cash, which our bank ATM is inside Fry's which was closed.  So we come here, place our order, and our fries are half full, and the buns on the cheeseburgers were so stale the dog wouldn't even eat them!!  No lie!! There was one, very unhappy, seemed put out young woman working the drive through and sorry, but not a good experience!
Yea, I'm giving this Denny's 5 stars. 
It's just that you cannot beat them for what they do best. 
Late night food.  
I mean, I don't know anyone that goes to Denny's just to go to eat at Denny's.  It's usually a toss up between IHOP, Denny's, and Waffle House.  
However, Denny's food is realllllly good now! 
I did hear about them revamping their menu and really working on improving their food and believe me when I say they did a really good job.
Everything I've had recently was very tasty.  
Their nachos and cheese fries have this new cheese sauce that isn't the typical Sysco or US Food Service one.  Their fries are a cross between a waffle cut and steak fry, again, never before seen anywhere else.  

Give Denny's a chance and try out their new food!
Wow...We all know Denny's is not known to be the best, however this location is terrible. Its a real shame to because it wasn't always this bad. Its right near my house and a fairly new location. Every time I go there it gets a little worse but lets focus on my most recent visit there...

We get seated by a server who redefines the word incompetent. She takes forever to take our drink orders, then walks by and asks if our food order has been taken. Shouldn't you know? You're the waiter. Then she takes the order then returns with my drink, a cup of coffee. The cup I got looked like the last person who drank out of it was a cheap call girl that applied way too much lip stick, Denny's decided it was too complicated to wash the cup so served my drink in it. Dirty tables, covered in debris was also a nice plus.

I was not offered anything when I advised staff about this. All I got was a forced I'm sorry.........I will not be back.
Always friendly always fast
Stopped in to my tried and trusted Denny's for a late night snack (breakfast) we beat the drunk crowd in, as it was still 10 p.m.

They had two crusty/dusty women working the floor this night, at least on our side.  Took forever to get drinks. Took forever to order, took even longer for the kitchen to kick out the breakfast avocado burrito, and double bacon cheese burger. Forget about refills, you could walk to the waitstaff area and get your own refills.

When the food came out, our waitress wasn't the one that dropped it off, it was the second dusty crusty old lady. And when I say dropped it off, she basically did a drive by delivery. Her shadow was still there, but she was gone, and we attempted to ask for ranch, and hot sauce, but we were talking to the back of her head as she was zipping around the corner. She was faster the creamed corn through a goose.

As the "Duke" of this joint I see the staff all the time, and these two are always outside killing their lungs with nicotine. LoL  Didn't think I would have to write a crap review on my digs here at this store.  I'll give the two old birds the benefit of doubt that they were incontinent, uncontrollable bladder. And this was our cheat weekend where we were allowed to go full retard and have carbs. Es ok,two quaaludes and she'll love me in the morning.
The best, never had a bad experience here, they know me here and treat me well, the food is the way it looks in the photo and the service is outstanding every time, unrivaled. Love coming here and enjoying my breakfast with coffee and read the news on my cnn app. This is the way Denny's is SUPPOSED to be.
I don't expect much when I go into a Denny's but decent service is not that difficult. I have been here twice and I will not be returning. Both times I have gone it hasn't been very busy yet I am left to wait for water or any one to greet me. I had a problem with my order at my last visit and my server simply shrugged his shoulders and said, "sorry" as he walked off. 
Unacceptable. Especially when other locations are excelling at customer service.
The people who work here are not qualified at all.  Had to repeat my pick up order multiple times and the food ended up being wrong. Called them to fix it and again had to repeat the order many times. Got frustrated and asked for a manager. The manager too did not know how to take an order. I don't understand why it was so hard.
It's no LoLo's but it got me over a fried chicken craving, I'd give this 2.5 stars if I could. I don't think KFC is as good as it used to be, but hard to say since my palate has certainly refined over the years. The gal at the drive thru was very friendly, so there's my bonus .5 star.
Can they be any slower???

Seriously.  The only thing you can really review a KFC for is how good the service is.  This one, the line of customers is ten deep, there are three people standing around the kitchen, and the cashier that behaves like she just learned to think.  It did not help that all the customers had to discuss practically every menu item in detail.  I almost bagged it, but 20 minutes later, I headed out with my dinner.  

Damn, I wish there were a Popeyes around here!
I can just imagine all the hardships that those fabled explorers Lewis & Clark had to endure as they explored the unchartered West of the USA from 1804 to 1806. Harsh weather conditions and long hunting expeditions in search of food.

In my quest for sustenance today I ventured out to the local KFC to bag some chicken. It was like watching a movie scene in slow motion as it took probably close to 10 minutes before I received my food. Yeah, we've come a long way since 1806 where they could only wish to even capture any food within 10 minutes. In addition, I guess since the outdoor air temperature is only 89 they didn't feel like it was worthy to turn on the air conditioning. There was no air flow with fans, it was stifling in the restaurant.

Now the food did taste great but there is plenty of room left to improve the customer service and ambience of this place.
Yeah, I know its just an Arby's, but I was pretty impressed. The place was clean, fast, and tasty. The side salad was very fresh and crispy. Employees asked how everything was while I was eating too. Great Pepsi soda fountain as well with drinks you don't normally see. Only complaint is the lack of healthier food choices, but yeah, it is an Arby's.
At the exit door, there is a loud bell you can ring if the service was good. When it rings, every employee yells thank you or whistles so that the customer that rang it can hear. I thought it was a nice touch and I rang the bell myself.
Its an Arby's, but its consistent. Never had a messed up order, never had bad service, and that is a lot to say in this day and age.
Rated 2nd cleanest Arby's in the United States! Excellent facility, service and good!
Best Arby's I've seen, good service with a nice clean environment and quality food. Wish there were more in this area.
Very friendly service, very clean fast food restaurant, and the Mid Roast Beef sandwich I ordered was nice and full of juicy roast beef.
About the best you can expect from a fast food restaurant. I had to grab a quick dinner here with a couple co-workers before heading to a work function. It was clean, the food was good for fast food, and the staff was friendly and quick. Let me pre-solve a mystery for you, though - the straws are hidden in a cutout in the walls on the opposite side of the counter from the drink lids. You're welcome.
I went here for lunch during work one day last week, and almost ordered the beef and cheddar combo that I know I love, but saw the three cheese and bacon combo.  I was leery about getting it because I hadn't tried it yet, and because it was going to be over $9 for a small combo!  I got it and was not happy.  The sandwich didn't have much taste and was only slightly warm.  Also, the fries looked like they were the ones left over in the bottom of the basket, as none of them were any longer than an inch.  For some reason, at this location, I never get the curly fries that are actually long and curly, just broken, short fries.  I was still hungry after my meal.  $9 (including tax) for this meal is certainly not worth it.  I will also think twice about getting fries here again, if things don't change.
Husband and I love Arby's although it's far from home, but this time was even better with the service and attention we got from an employee. Thanks so much for brightening up our day Elliott!!!!
Typical fast food burger joint. Nothing special here. We all know we should not be eating this kind of food, anyhow.
Decent location with the standard chain offerings. It's close to our apartment so it's easy to stop here on the way to / from work for a quick bite. The food is made correctly and comes out hot. The staff is friendly and efficient with keeping the line down both inside and in the drive-thru.

This location can be busy during the rush times, which is true of just about any fast food place as long as they are a decent stop. I'm sure I'll be back here again for a quick and easy meal with an "a-ok" vibe.
4 cars in front of us.. Been waiting for 15 min.. now I don't blame the cooks or customer service as they were very courteous but the AWFUL management that understaff  this locations ... seriously some leads needs to be replace there..
I keep getting coupons from this outfit in the mail, so I finally clipped a couple & whipped over here to give it a try.

This Wienerschnitzel is nice inside, it was clean, & the service was good.  I had a Chili Dog, an Italian Sausage Dog, & fries.  Everything was hot, the fries were fresh & crispy, & it all tasted good.  "So, why the 2 Stars?" you ask?

I'm glad you asked that!  I brought a magazine to read as I ate, but I couldn't hear myself think because TWO big TVs were blasting out sports crap that I couldn't have been less interested in.  Also, the button on the bathroom sink would pop up right now, without the delay it's supposed to have, so I had to hold it down with one arm while trying to wash my other hand.  Hasn't anyone who works here ever noticed this problem?  Do the employees here ever wash their hands?  I'm just askin'.     :-O

2 Stars.
Took them 15 min to bring out 4 chili dogs and fries. Snail slow service. I honesty think the people working when I went in where high out of there minds. Should of went drive through.

I did give it another star because it was extremely clean inside and very cool
Stopped back in here today with a coupon for a free Chili Dog.  Just as before, they had TV, but at least this time it was turned down.  Also, just as before, the faucet in the bathroom is still out of order, & IT'S BEEN 8 MONTHS SINCE I WAS HERE LAST!

Otherwise, this place is nice inside & I have always liked the food.  They just either need to get a new manager here, or a new Maricopa County Health Inspector who will shut them down until you can wash your hands!     :-O
Tried it once and will never go back. Tried a chili dog and a burger. Was trying to give this first visit a fair shake but it's not going to happen. Food was terrible and service was below average. I'm hoping this place will shut down and FILIBERTO'S will take over the building.
Only been here a couple of times. What do you expect from a fast food restaurant? Service is good, food is good. I like the different selection from Wendy's.
Uggghhhh! Not only was te service cruddy but the food was crappy. Which makes me so sad cause Wendy's used to be great.....I need to just let go of the past yummy Wendy's days and move on. :-/
The night we came there was one new cashier and about a dozen people wait. I waited about 15 minutes just to order.
Open pretty late which is awesome and they have the best hamburgers ever i love them
I've always loved Wendy's food. It's been awhile since my last visit due to where I lived the last several years. This location is clean but the staff seems new & inexperienced. I appreciate they have Pibb in their soda fountain. At 99 cents, it was definitely better than the $2.50 Wild Berry Lemonade made from their regular lemonade but the berry syrup was not mixed together. The mixed berry Frosty Shake was awesome.  Overall, great menu/food choices you've always expected from Dave.
place sucks, chili fries are horrible according to my son
orders are usually right, food is good, better than the other surprise options like mcdonalds and jack in the box.
Go fast Service
Great drive through service! 
Fast, friendly, my order is always right & I never have to sit there and say "hello?,,,, hello?,,, is this thing working?", lol  :)
Extra kudos for good customer service. 

My go to meal: Spicy chicken without mayo, side Caesar salad & fresh lemonade. Hits the spot!
Today was the first time I've been up this early for breakfast!  The food was good and the drive-thru service was fast and friendly . . . too bad they won't be serving breakfast after Oct. 20, 2013 at this location.
5 stars for the drinks & desserts.  Seriously, I LOVE happy hour and the blend that Sonic has for their sodas.  Food might be a different story if I were rating that.
Love sonic & the happy hour specials!
Had a  bad experience last night our order wasn't even close to being correct, they mixed up everything even after I asked twice at the window if they had it right. Really bad when they can't get a cheeseburger right.
We went to this Jack-in-the-Box on Thunderbird Road and 99th Avenue in Sun City, Arizona on September 29th, 2011 and we ordered a Jumbo Breakfast Platter with Pancake's and a Side Order of Pancake's.

And we got "Bad Service". 

The cashier who took "our order" kept saying, "Excuse me". 
When we were yelling in, "our order".
We were not talking fast. 
We were talking loud and clear. 

And she kept saying, "Excuse me". 

Obviously the girl cannot "multiple task" what she is doing.

Then when we got our Breakfast Platter and Side Order of Pancake's.

We asked for "Some Butter or Margarine" for OUR PANCAKE'S.

They told us, "They DO NOT Provide Butter or Margarine.

I Still Cannot Believe This.  **

What Type of Restaurant Is This ?

Selling PANCAKE'S Everyday. But They Don't Provide ANY BUTTER.

That's Like Buying a Cup of Coffee. 

BUT, They Don't Provide Creme or Sugar.

It STILL doesn't make sense. 



CHEAP OWNER'S, CHEAP RESTAURANT. **


By the Way, We Refused to Pay for the Breakfast or Pancake's.
And Demanded "A Refund".

Until, the Owner's Can Get There ACT, Together. 



One Unsatisfied Customer -
i  ordered a chicken sandwich plain. i told him plain at least 3 times. he said okay i will make sure its plain since it was not on the board. when i got home it was NOT plain. that really irked me. i think he is new but all he had to do is put it on the board and it would have been the way i wanted it.
To busy here to stop here
This place is always busy, but the staff sucks, Ihave to send my food back two times, and it still was not right.
I see the 3 previous reviews are bad, our visit was nothing like it. Not one car in drive thru. 8 cars in parking area. Not only was Caleb friendly, he repeated our order exactly as ordered. Including the large water (no charge, like other places) we visit my mum every other month in AZ & the service was so good, as was the chicken sandwhich & my daughters mini pancakes, we will be back. Probably one of the more perfect drive thru experinces we have had. We travel 3000+ miles every few months & have had our share of lousy service. This was a nice change.
This location is decent. I've noticed the tables are always clean which is not the norm for a lot of fast food places. If you go through the drive thru they are not super fast so expect to wait a few minutes and that's even if you're the only car there.  The food is fine.  I'm a sucker for a Bacon Western Cheesburger and I love their fried zuchinni!  YUM!  Their milkshakes are pretty darn good too.  They have the standard chocolate, strawberry and vanilla but every month they have a special shake.  I had a Banana Cream Pie shake that was sooooo yummy!  I highly recommend it!  Thanks Carl's Jr.
1 car in the drive thru = 15 minutes
Carl's Jr.....Good place for burgers.  I always enjoy their guacamole burger which is grubtastic!  ;)  This location is also pretty quick about serving their food especially when your on your lunch break which is an advantage over other locations I've been to.  Place is neat, clean, and staff are friendly.  :)
Not too much can be said about a burger joint so I'll share something not everyone may know. They have veterans discounts every day. Just bring in something to prove it and you get a discount.

Oh, and their ice-cream cookies are delicious.
Every 5-6 months I get an uncontrollable urge for a Super Star with Cheese.  Only because it was my go-to burger growing up in So Cal and I have a tiny little spot for that burger in my heart.  So, I got that urge this evening and headed on down to this Carls Jr.  I've been to this one 3-4 times over the past couple of years - and have had similar experiences each time.

First, there were exactly 2 cars in front of me in the drive through.  And exactly two cars in the parking lot - which were probably employee cars.  12 minutes after placing my order, I finally pulled up to the window.  The car that was two in front of me had an ice cream shake handed to them and the one directly in front of me had a bag of goodies handed to them. Why it took so long, I have no idea.

The dude at the drive through needs to learn some customer service skills.  When I drove up, he looked at me and mumbled "kldoidlp".  I said "what?"  He then said "ketchup?".  No "sorry for the wait".   No "hello".  No repeating my order to me to make sure it was right.  Just "ketchup?"  I said "ummm.... sure".  He told me my amount, took my card, ran it, gave it back to me, stuffed a few ketchups into the bag that he was holding in his hand and handed it to me with my receipt.  He didn't thank me.  He didn't say "F you", he didn't say ANYTHING.  Simply handed me my bag.  It's usually automatic for  me to say "thank you" even when purchasing something, but I stopped myself this time.  His name was Cameron (according to the receipt).  Hey Cameron, buddy.  You need some serious customer service lessons.  Ask your manager or the corporate headquarters if maybe they could get you some training.  Because you lost a customer tonight.  And judging from the total lack of activity at 6:15 PM at your restaurant, I'm going to take a leap here and guess y'all can't afford to lose too many more customers.

The burger was good by the way.  Just how I remember it.  However, not good enough to overcome the horrible service.
Keep driving, service is terrible.
I like Carls Jr, I do not like this Carls Jr.  It seems everyone that works here is related, and they all could care less about quality of food or service, they show up for a paycheck. I have been here 3 times, and will not be returning.  I tried there red hot burger today, it was a soggy soggy mess served upside down on a burned bun.  In the past at this Carls Jr I have been served the wrong burger.

So, I tried to contact corporate via email, and it appears I have to send them a letter.

CORPORATE OFFICE 
 Carl's Jr. Restaurants LLC 
 6307 Carpinteria Ave., Suite A 
 Carpinteria, CA 93013

ill update my review when/if they get back to me.
I hate giving bad reviews, but I've gotta be honest. The sandwich was over cooked and dry, and there was so much grease in the fries that it leaked thru the bag... 

At least the soda was good, I guess...
Very disappointed!  Last 2 times I've been I was very unhappy. A while ago, we did the drive through and the  fried chicken was falling apart and bones inside were broken.  Almost like it was smacked around on the counter.  This last time, we had the grilled, and most of it was very dry and
My God! What has happened to you my beloved KFC? Why hast thou forsaken me??The past two times I've been to this location I have experienced the same problem--They never have the types of chicken I order (extra crispy vs. orig. vs. grilled), I still have to wait 10 minutes while they make my order, then my chicken is soggy and luke warm. 

I don't know what causes this to happen (I'm guessing incompetent management) but it will keep me from coming back. I hate when a restaurant self destructs because it can't provide the most basic of what we expect. Hot, fresh, good food just like we like it.

Get your act together KFC!!  (The slaw is still good, though)
Ordered a 3 piece original meal . 2 thighs and a drumstick, with mashed potatoes  and coleslaw and  a few biscuits ordered an extra one . Came out hot and fresh . This is the 1st time I been to KFC in a while . Chicken a little on the small side. but still tasty none the less
This place is pretty slow and they never have the crispy wings ready. If your in the mood to wait go here. If your hungry hit up Walmart not good but ready.
It's your typical CJ's. I've giving it two stars because they didn't include a Green Burrito. Shame on you.
This customer service is really bad and the food is just as crappy!! Stay away! I have gone there a couple of times and they just don't seem to get the order correct. Will not go back.
I love Carls over any other FF resturants in the the area. I like their $6 burger selection and Carls singles. The FF are good but wife like the cuts. Almost every time walking in the door we get a big holler, welcoming us to Carls if the people aren't helping someone. So, with the corners choice of Mc Donalds, sonic, jacks down the street, I choose Carls. Oh I looked at the other few reviews adn i would be upset at a sandwich that looked empty on one side but then I ask where is the other side. Probably not centered well. Oh and talk about little meat go to Subway. the italian sub is like ordering a vegie.
This is the McDonald's inside the Wal-Mart store.  Nothing special but we still use this one due to the fact the freestanding one across the street is awful.
I'd say this place is good, they try to do well each day. The only thing is that when I order my ice coffee and nothing else, I end up waiting a little too long to get my coffee. I understand they give orders in chronologically but having to wait only for a drink and no food. I feel that I can get my drink quicker. Get the ones who only have a beverage out and on their way. You will a lot more happier customers that much more. Keep up your smiles, that are welcoming. Thank you
This is the McD's in the Walmart.  Been here a couple of times, but it was mediocre at best.  Was at this "wonderful" shopping location and decided to pick up some fries.  While in there we grabbed a couple of doubles to go as well.  When we got home the food was actually warm including the fries.  This particular experience was not that bad.  The dining area was still messy as it always looks when we walk through the store.  Not a place we frequent often, nor plan to.  However, this time was not all that bad.
Worst mcdonalds service ever. Walked in and there were already customers standing with complaints about their order. While I waited in line, one if the girls working the drinks, made my hazelnut coffee and set it down. A minute later, the same girl pours my coffee in a smaller cup, tosses out the rest and starts drinking it. When my order was complete, my drink was nowhere to be found. All of this while I'm standing there waiting for my order. The person working my order starts apologizing about how the drink was just right there a second ago so I told her that i know and that the other girl just drank it right in front of me. This got everyone's attention since there are so many people behind that counter just standing around. So the girl who drank my coffee starts making another one as she tells this other girl what I just said. So that girl looks right at me and states "that one". I was very annoyed but at that point I just wanted my coffee. Maybe it's just me but I expect better service even if they are little kids; show some courtesy and atleast act like an adult.
I'd say this place is good, they try to do well each day. The only thing is that when I order my ice coffee and nothing else, I end up waiting a little too long to get my coffee. I understand they give orders in chronologically but having to wait only for a drink and no food. I feel that I can get my drink quicker. Get the ones who only have a beverage out and on their way. You will a lot more happier customers that much more. Keep up your smiles, that are welcoming. Thank you

Need more improvements. I noticed the service is faster when there is a certain manager around. Come on people.
Been to this location once. I would come back. I ordered the NY hot dog. It's 100% beef with sauerkraut, spicy mustard and fried onions. I love sauerkraut. The service was okay. I had to tell the order taker my order a few times. And the person who brings out the food threw away my receipts so I made him dig them out the trash because he just assumed that I didn't want them. The food was hot. They didn't give me enough ketchup packets for my onion rings though. Typical fast food place with areas they can improve in with appropriate feedback.
I gave this place a 2nd chance for breakfast. Apparently, when you ask for not tomatoes you get them anyways. :-/ I'm never going back there again
This location sucks.

Always takes forever, drive thru or pull in.

The master blasts are never blended. Bottom half is always just plain ice cream.

Worst sonic in the valley.
The best hash browns I have every had.   Fun waiters and cooks.
Food is very reasonable. It is a must try.
Well, I am absolutely done with this location and I am not particularly motivated to write a negative review; however, and in a nutshell, the location's staff is mostly younger high school aged workers who are supervised by an older person whom appears not to provide sound training.  Everyone is respectful; however,  if this restaurant happens to get slammed, your value as a single customer rapidly gets thrown out of the window.   They do not respect loyalty nor those who pay the bills during the season when things are hot and dead out here!  The food is nothing to write to anyone else about and is below average with other chains in the same family of stores, both in this area, the south, and the Midwestern states that I have personally visited during my lifetime.
I won't be returning to this location at all.  I had given this location at least 6 to 7 chances, as it is so close to my home.  Sunday, I was taken back with the uncaring attitude that I perceived was demonstrated by the hostess and manager the morning of my arrival.  I may be dining alone; however, my value is reduced as a single diner and larger tables are reserved for two or more people.  Sounds reasonable, correct? Well, when they are scraping by to find customers during the "off season" when many have gone back to their home bases, there is never a problem with seating at that time.  I suggest that it won't inconvenience many with someone who sits alone in a space just to really relinquish this space in the next 10 minutes any way.  But, when every visitor to the area returns to their lives in other states, how much business can be lost by shunning or pushing your regular income customers to the outskirts for those 5 months or so; especially, when they do not return ever again?  In some ways I understand; however, it is the way with which the people in this store, have conducted such business with regulars,  that is crucial to my understanding of this issue.  I was treated very poorly, and shoved to the side, so to speak, because they could not manage their breakfast time patrons adequately.  It is not my fault as I was there for both a meal and I was exceedingly patient, as well.  
So, if this is the way in which a regular, solid patron is treated when things are going well for the business (high season with all of the visitors), what then will they do during the slow/hot season when regulars like myself who sustain these businesses,  do not return to eat in their establishments?
I just love the waffle house!  It doesn't pretend to be anything that it isn't. Good food at a good price with fast and friendly service.
Excellent service .... excellent grits!!
Gotta try the biscuits n gravy, be sure to ask for the jalapeo biscuits!! They always give you plenty of gravy!! Yummy!!
Good comfort food, 24/7/365 is what this place has going for it. The $1 menu is a big plus, and beats the fast food chain versions of similar items that come microwaved & rubbery. The service here can be really bad, and there are a lot of flies in the dining area. I would come to this place more often if the staff were just more respectful. When I get an item off the $1 menu, even if I tip more than 20% I get treated in a way I feel is just rude. I have been getting some pretty obvious mistakes made on my orders too, like ordering a cheeseburger that comes out with no cheese on it, and then when I ask for cheese on my cheeseburger I have to explain what seems to me to be too simple to not understand to anyone who would actually care at all. I like the chili here too, especially on the $1 cheeseburger for 45 cents extra. Biscuits, & gravy are a little bland, but could be worse. They have the basket's of sauces available for good reason, a lot of times the food needs some real flavor. I bring a shaker of ghost peppers too that helps.
The food is always fresh and consistent from this location.  The service is always great too.  They have not screw up a take out order on us yet.
As far as fast food goes it doesn't get much better than this store. Service is great, food is always fresh and hot!  Dining area and restrooms are always clean. Drive thru is 24hrs, so at two or three in the morning after having a few, there are always plenty of  hot and fresh tacos and chicken sandwiches to be had.
So much for fast food. This place is usually fast in getting the food out, but lately the service has slowed. Not sure what is going on. Quality is right where it should be for a Jack in the Box except for the times when they screw up an order which does not happen too often.
fast +cheap if you order the right thing + open late + makes goofy commercials  = Jack in the Box
Got my sourdough jack and a shake through the drivethrough- too bad they didn't give me any napkins.
Been here a few times, only because we live near by. In the evening this place usually has a long line. They are usually under staff here, so the wait is long. When the employees are busy and in a rush they will usually make mistakes. Management really needs to help out and make sure customer service is a number one priority! I try to avoid this location and go somewhere else.
This place is so good to eat at and not expensive . Their tacos are so good
Place has improved a lot, but of course there is not too many customers at 5:00am on Saturday. But overall, it's getting better here. Figure since I am going through my 1-star ratings, I should give this place a better review!
We got the new philly steak sandwich.  It was very good, people were friendly, and the horsey sauce was plentiful.  Wish they had coke products,
A 15 minute wait to drive through window pretty much invalidates your status as "fast food" I could have been served at a sit down restaurant and be done eating by now.
I will not visit your location again.  You do not honor your coupons.  There were two times I gave the register worker a coupon and they were not applied to a drive thru order.  Both times valid coupons were used, and one instance was greeted with negativity and the response that I did not need to use a coupon.  The price on the menu does not include the coupon.  I will not bring my money to your establishment if you do not honor your own advertising.
My husband and I usually love Arby's,but I will never be returning to this Arby's. every single time I have been to this location there has been something Wrong with my order! The first time, we got breakfast and my biscuits were very under cooked it was just dough covered in gravy. The second time, we got something completely different then what we ordered. The third time, I found a blond hair in my food! My hair is black! Every time I tried to take my food back to show them they completely disregard me and treat me like I'm lying and in the hair situation they walked a few feet away and said "it's probably her hair anyway!" Like I said my hair is black!
Tried their 2 for $5 fish sandwiches and their $1.89 side salad.  The fish sandwich had too much bread for my liking and the fish was just okay.  The salad was iceberg and not worth me getting again.  The service was excellent and the lady manager is doing a great job,  The place is nicely decorate but I didn't think the food was worth me coming back for,
It's fried chicken.  KFC.  I haven't been in a long time, but we had a coupon and fried chicken sounded good.

Well, the original recipe wasn't what I remembered.  A lot of pepper, which I didn't mind, but I don't remember that from my youth.  The breading seemed a bit soggy.  We also got some extra crispy, and it was better.  Nice seasoning, and not at all soggy.  It was good.

The potato wedges were fine.  As were the beans.  The corn was not as firm as it should have been, but not bad.

One annoyance was that condiments and utensils are behind the counter instead of accessible by the patrons.  So I had to wait around for the people behind the counter to get them for me.  They weren't ignoring me, they were just busy.  But it was still annoying.
We went to the KFC on Chandler Blvd. & the I-101 to get the 8 piece Family meal $19.99 + .99 (10 piece tender bites on special) for our visit to my 96 yr. old mother in law on Sunday.
She loves KFC! 
I was quite disappointed in the price to quantity ratio. All 8 pieces of chicken fit in the same size box as the 4 piece biscuit box. The 3 chicken legs and 2 thighs looked the same size as wing drumettes. The 2 wings would not keep a sparrow aloft. The breast, although a little larger, was dry. The 10 piece Tender bites were also dry and the crust had come off in the cooking process. The sides were ok. Cole slaw, 4 dry biscuits, potatoes and gravy. I could have consumed all the chicken myself and still have room for sides and dessert and I'm not a heavy eater. 
I have visited many KFC's and they are all the same. It's not just this location. 
Absolutely NOT worth the $21.00+tax for me but worth every penny for the smile on my mother in law's face! :-)
I love the Chicken Littles.. it's a throwback from 1988.  Back then, Chicken Littles were $.49, were thin and square.  Now they are $2.49, and sort of hot dog shaped.  They actually use a chicken finger and a mini hot dog bun.  The concept is the same, dill pickles and some sort of mayo sauce, fried chicken, and white bread.  A+ to KFC for bringing them back.
I just are here and everything was fine. I had a two piece Classic Meal, all white, Extra Crispy with mashed potatoes and cole slaw. The drive thru service was quick and polite.
You know, it seems almost silly to review a single fast food place. But what the heck - life is short, the time is now, and there's nothing to lose but patience.

I'm torn on this place, which happens to be across the street from my office. The management seems very nice and friendly, and committed to good service. On the other hand, they seem to have some kind of climate control issue every time I come in. In the summer the food cooks itself, and in the winter you find yourself clinging to your icy beverage for warmth.

Foodwise, it's a Jack in the Box. Not much more need be said.
Stood around for a few minutes before anyone came to the register. I'm not really that impatient, but it's still kind of annoying, especially when I'm the only customer in the place.
It's a chain. 
Drivethru was fast and got my order right, some can't do that. 
employee was pleasant and gave me enough napkins.
Went to this location one night to grab some food. The commercials and ads running at the time were for the $5 late night snack boxes. I went at night to grab one, and placed my order. The guy literally yelled at me telling me they didn't sell those anymore and got mad at me because I needed an extra minute to place my new order. I was treated so poorly that I just decided to leave and go somewhere else. I totally realize people have bad days and I was not expecting 5-star service. However, I should never have been yelled at for an honest mistake.
Store is kinda dirty...  But the store manager is the nicest guy ever!!!  I would come back again to eat if I was in the area and wanted these amazing tacos.
Why do people hate Jack so much. It is a fast food restaurant so don't expect some sort of 5 star food or service. Any of their locations have been quick and accurate when I have went.
I don't usually both rating a fast food place.  But this was the nicest McDonald's I've seen in the US.  Nicest ever was McCaf in Brisbane where the waiter brings fresh chocolate croissants and espressos on fine china to your table.  So this isn''t the nicest ever but is still heads & shoulders above the others in town.

This location makes our local Starbucks look dumpy in comparison.  Check my photos.  Modern design throughout with a caf lounging area, touch screen video game corner for the tykes, pub tables, high-backed booths for privacy, blown glass sculptures and a chandelier.   Didn't use the restroom but would hazard a guess it is probably gorgeous as well.

Double lane drive-through jammed up at evening rush hour makes for a busy bee kitchen.  Folks were hustling hard.  Gotthe kids meals quickly.   And the wraps were a bit better stuffed than some of the other locations that really gyp you if you order them with grilled chicken.  My only regret was forgetting to order a coffee while I was there.
The drive thru screws up my order EVERY time. When I then have to park and go in, no one even apologizes. I avoid this place.
I ordered the southern fried chicken sandwich from drive-thru, it came without ANY condiments on it.  Just a plain piece of chicken on a bun?  Come on guys, get it right
Ordered a egg on a muffin. It had cheese. Ordered a coffee. Sticky caramel all over the cup. Not cool for a drive thru. I had to ask for something to clean my hands so I could drive. Employees have serious attitude. I'll avoid this location which is a bummer because it's convenient. It's just not worth the hassle. Every time we've been here, they've messed up the order.
Just to be fair. Contrary to othet posts, we take our kids there many times because we live nearby. Both dining in and drive through. Never any problems. The deco is great, upscale looking. Kids love the free archade games.
Pretty nice as mcdonalds go. 4 is my standard review on a decent place. This one gets a 3 because of some drive-through mess ups. The biggest one was when I ordered a sausage and egg mcmuffin (and only that!) and instead got a bacon egg and cheese biscuit. Um...not the same thing, folks. Didn't realize until a few miles away when I got the chance to open it. Lame.
As a San Antonio native, I grew up on Church's chicken and am still a reluctant fan although it hasn't been the same since it was bought out in 1989, first merged with Popeye Chicken, and began operations out of New Orleans.  Subsequent  corporate buyouts were by AFC Enterprises Inc. ( Atlanta),  Arcapita, Inc (also Atlanta). and it now appears to be operated, at least internationally, as "Texas Chicken" out of New Jersey....of all places.... wasn't that a Pace's salsa TV ad?... "New Yawk City!!! 

I stayed loyal after they dropped the pineapple fried pies from their  menu back in the 90's.  Recently they stopped providing honey packets; damyankees don't know about fried chicken.  It used to be cheap too but is now  "competitively priced".   It still has good fried chicken and is the only fast-food place I know of in greater Phoenix for fried okra.

It beats hell out of KFC, even their "normal" fried chicken.  Honestly, though, I now mostly go to El Pollo Loco although their chicken is grilled.  If there was a Pollo Campero on the East Side, I'd be there before Church's now.  I'd rather give my business to a Guatemala group than a New Jersey conglomerate that flies under the "Texas Chicken" false flag.  Pollo Campero's chicken is about the same and cheaper.  

Oh, and avoid the corn-on-the-cob at Church's ...it is soft and soggy.   Be sure to ask for honey and pineapple fried pies, I always do, maybe they'll get the message.
It's like watching an episode of "Cheater's"

Or listening to talk radio.

Or peeing out by the dumpster because it's quicker than finding a bathroom.

Or going through the medicine cabinet at my friends hou...perhaps I've over-shared!

But you get the idea. 

It's a guilty "pleasure"...OK, I'm not sure "Pleasure" and Church's really go together (unless you really like rolling around in chicken fat, like I do...oop's! over-sharing again!)...more of a guilty "thing"

At any rate, I know I shouldn't, but there are times when only a bucket (or in Church's case, a box) of greasy fried chicken will do.

And when that happens, well...it's Church's instead of the 11 herbs and spices that theoretically go into KFC (or Kitchen Fresh Chicken...or Kentucky Fried Chicken, or whatever the hell they call themselves these days).

A bunch of people showed up for dinner tonight and Church's is the go-to for that kind of thing (at least it is when they all suggest I cook and I say "thanks, no" and they give me the "eeew" face when I suggest pizza).

As the consummate host, I reminded my guests that Church's:

 -  Has never given me the trot's, unlike KFC...important since it's my house and me lighting a match is "optional";

 - Is less expensive than KFC, since I'm buying the feast;

 - Goes well with pretty much any wine (OK, I made this last one up but, I figure they won't notice once they have drunk enough of my wine)

So Church's...perfectly average "fried" chicken, for cheap low prices.

Don't even try to tell me that you haven't done it, too!
My go-to for fried chicken in the neighborhood.

There's a REASON why they're better than Popeye's -- the pieces are bigger! 
Go ahead, compare. 
You'll wonder what Popeye's is thinking, harvesting these adolescent chickens!! 

KFC? GROSS!!  
Don't be a sucker.

The Texas Pete's hot sauce they have in packets is good and complements perfectly.
My mouth is watering just writing this!
Fried chicken with hot sauce is my gluttonous sin.
Super-sinful maneuver: take the crispy skin flap off the chicken thigh, peel off the first layer of chicken from the outer thigh, dump hot sauce on it and shove the whole thing in your mouth!

I can't speak on the other offerings, I just go for the legs n thighs.

INSIDE SKINNY : 
The deal for now (April 2013) is 7 pieces dark for $4.69.
Chicken was good and hot. Inexpensive meal, especially w/ coupons.
No drive thru at this location, but true-to-form Church's chicken. Not the healthest for you, but the original recipe is a good fried chicken fix. And their biscuits are the bomb.
Best fried chicken.  New coupons with great deal every week.  I used to eat it every week.  The chicken is so juicy and tender.  I wish they could have more different flavors.
Went here early on Sunday. Not busy at all. I also came here because they accept cards inside and the one on Pecos and desert inn doesn't. Weird right! Yeah any ways the play equipment is kinda boring but new and clean so always a plus!

Also the food was cheaper at this one. Hmmmm!
It's always about the drive thru for me. How fast I can get in and how fast I can get out.

This location I have no gripes about. The employees are friendly and fast and do a great job.

I haven't been inside so I can not attest to the cleanliness of the place but you can't go wrong with the drive thru here.
Uh, Hello.. I ordered the medium fries! Pretty simple drive through order, but really? Just fill the container, not half full but full! Sheesh...
Try the loaded burgers.  Or anything with BACON
Chicago Dog.  Just go do it.  You'll be glad you did.

Quick, friendly service.
Best Sonic EVER!
1/2 price drinks during happy hour from 2-5pm and half price shakes after 8pm? I'm in!

Had the banana cream pie shake and Jason had the strawberry cheesecake shake. It was the best decision we made that day.

Take your beloved for a late night treat here!
It's 108 degrees outside and I'm having an argument with the lady trying to take my order. She cant hear me through the drive thru speaker system and I can hardly understand her.***Management Please Upgrade this poor system you have*** I finally pulled ahead and reviewed my order with this lady. After sitting about 10 minutes I got the order and no drinks. WTH!! Oh well. It was my 1st time here and probably my last as I wasn't even ordering for myself. ( I wouldn't eat here)
The 1/2 price shake after 8 PM is good I really join that a little busy after 9 PM but is awesome.
My shit. Usual is a foot long coney with extra onions. Large popcorn chicken with bbq sauce and honey mustard. Rt 44 strawberry anf pineapple slush, extra fruit. YUUUUUM
So, after a movie we decided to come and get a late night slush. We got there and they weren't letting customers order from the stall, so we moved to the drive thru. We were told the ice cream machine was freezing and it'll be 5-10 mins. We decided we could be patient enough, well 45 mins later (from the time I got in the drive thru line and when I drove away) we finally got our order. 

A week later, we decided maybe it was a one time type of incident. Well NOPE! This time it seems everyone was on break and no one to help. It took about 25 mins to order and receive our slushes. This will probably not be a place to take my kids to again.
I have been here twice and both times were horrible. My husband went there once because his GPS said it was closer to the house than the one off of Craig and Scott Robinson (which is head over heels better). He said he could barely eat it but he did because he was hungry. 

Don't go! You'll save money and your taste buds from a bad meal.
This Panda Express has a drive throw. They are fast and friendly I will be coming back.
2 stars just because the sandwich was good and the guy who took our order was friendly. Other than that, this was a very bad first experience at this KFC. We ordered 2 grilled chicken sandwiches and got original fried instead. As we went back to let them know, the girl (who was also the manager) gave us a very bad sour attitude and didn't even apologize for the mix up. Then she came back with the new order and again we even thanked her and she just gave us a look and didn't say anything. Also, she took the old order and sold it to the next person at the drive thru.The same order that we had opened up and touched a second ago!!!
I don't normally make reviews for fast food chains such as KFC unless it's exceptionally good or bad. And this one is the latter. The family bucket meal I bought here besides the sides seemed like it was at least 8 hours old. It was stale and the breading on the original recipe wasn't good at all.

This is probably the worst KFC I've been too. Just avoid this place, and KFC doesn't seem to do quality control at this location.
I wish I could do no stars. My husband and I went twice to this place and it was terrible. Both times the order was incorrect, it was like a fight just to get it corrected. They tried to double and triple charge us. They had a horrible attitude. The chicken was so tough it was like jerky. The green beans were horribly bland and the mash potatoes were a nightmare. We will never be visiting KFC again in Vegas. I'll wait till I am traveling elsewhere.
Location closed.
That's a sweet deal that McD is having Big Mac late-night for $1.00 starting from 8pm-4Am but too bad it's kind of out of my way to come & get it.
This place was convenient to me because I planned on doing a little grocery shopping afterwards and it's literally inside of the Walmart at Centennial Center. For a morning I'm usually used to McDonald's being unnecessarily busy, whether it's the drive through or in-store. I guess since this one is located in the Walmart it's not frequented as much as the other ones in town. I walked in and was able to order immediately.

I've been to countless McDonalds' where they pre-cook the sausage burritos and let them sit for hours, then the tortilla gets hard and it's just not enjoyable. Here, I forgot to ask them not to, but was VERY happy when we got the burritos and they were hot and fresh with soft tortillas. Everything else was pretty standard. I had a sausage egg & cheese mcmuffin that was surprisingly well assembled (but I'm sure this can vary by cook instead of store location) and a coffee that was made how I like it.

Everyone here was friendly and the dining area was spotless. There isn't much more you could ask for in a McDonalds.
Every time I come to this McDonald's it's so dirty. I know it's just a fast food restaurant inside Wal Mart, but it should be a little cleaner than this.
Not being a Las Vegas native made my breakfast experience at Jack in the Box a confusing and difficult one.  The lady in the drive thru seemed be communicating with a combination of Auctioneer and mumbler. She was speaking quickly in with an accent and through the tiny speaker it made the entire experience a bit awkward.

The food was good and the coffee was just the right temperature for drinking.  A good experience overall
I hadn't eaten at Jack in the Box for awhile, and after seeing an ad for its new Outlaw Burger, which is made two ways, decided this was worth checking out.  Plus, I've always liked Jack in the Box tacos and still mourn the demise of the Monster Tacos it used to sell.  According to the Jack in the Box employee at the register, rumor is they might be coming back!

The food was good.  (How can one complain anyway about 2 tacos for $1.00?)  But, while one taco was filled with liquid hotness, I had to add a little hot sauce to the other, which was much drier.  Curly tries were tasty--not too crisp and not too soft.  As for the Outlaw Burger, I opted for the hamburger patty version rather than the spicy chicken type, and liked what I was served, but was not thrilled about it.  Served on a hamburger bun with a bed of lettuce, slice of tomato, strip of bacon, and slice of orange cheese, it was really more like a good Cheeseburger than the Bad Boy I thought it would be.  It had BBQ sauce on it, but so little that I found myself repeatedly adding packets of ketchup.

While the food was good, and the restaurant personnel friendly, there were problems here.  The napkin holder was totally empty.  The salt holder had but one packet left.  And, after filling my paper cup with Coke from the drink dispenser, I found that I was slidin' on the linoleum.  I traced the cause of this back to water leaking from the dispenser and rolling across the floor like a slow, onrushing wave.  When I pointed this out to the cashier, he said that this happened all the time, and they regularly mop up the area, adding, "I know.  It's ridiculous"--as if orders were to just keep mopping the floor as needed rather than fix a known mechanical problem with the drink dispenser.  Then an employee quickly mopped up the rollin' water.

Although there is no issue with the food, this place needs to police its supplies better to keep up with its heavy foot traffic, and fix what's broken.
In the last 20 plus years, I've probably tried everything on Jack's menu.  Having said that..I got my favorites.

-Breakfast Supreme Croissant
-Grilled Chicken Strips
-Stuffed Jalapeno's.

The rest of the items on their menu is priced just about right, especially for fast food.  Most items on this menu is fried, high fat, and basically not good for you.  My stops are usually on the way out or on the way home.  Not my first choice for food, but sometimes you just want something quick. 

As for their restuarant, it's clean and the service is pretty good.  Drive thru is fairly quick, which is the main reason you find me stopping here.
Another day, another fast food lunch at Jack's!

This time it was again two tacos for 99 cents.  Although each taco tasted bitter on the first bite, that quickly yielded to a pretty good Mexican treat with crunchy Iceberg Lettuce, a slice of American Cheese, an oily but crunchy taco shell, and good meat paste with enough mild Hot Sauce inside to confidently elect not to add any more.  

I also enjoyed very good Value French Fries, while Diane savored her Bacon Cheddar Wedges.  Staffers were friendly and efficient, and the place was clean.  The total tariff was ridiculously low.  What's not to like?
Bad customer service waited for 20 minutes till I can get my order. Employees are dirty and are all clumsy.
If you like being acknowledged as a human being, don't come here- at night at least. The lady taking orders is not very pleasant. And on one occasion, whoever made my burger left the cheese paper on.. So yea there's that..(posted pics)
Anyway, they have never ever gotten my order wrong and besides the cheese paper incident the food has always been good so 3 stars for that.
I often visit this location simply because I live near by. Without questions the staffs are one of the friendliest staff (surprisingly with every single server I've have served me). The reason for the 4 star is simply the sudden policy to charge for every condiments. I guess I would be thinking twice about getting a deal at any Jack in the box!  
Keep up the great work and tell the corporate decision makers that they will start to see less customer over this sudden policy changes.
Very cool inside, Vegas' newest McDonald's with free WiFi like most other locations. What McDonald's has a chandelier? Cool blue, purple and black color palate used. The seating area inside of the restaurant has a newer designer. The giant Las Vegas Sign in the main sitting area with the rather larger TV is a nice touch. This location has a 24 hour drive-thru as of this review.
Don't be fooled.  The address isn't to the McDonald's in the photo.  This McDonalds is actually located in the Wal*Mart across the street.

They used to have workers there that were really unprofessional, but they shaped up their workers recently, I think.  The food is pretty good, can't complain.  Being in a Wal*Mart, they bring out the food pretty fast because it gets pretty busy at certain hours.  I do like this McDonald's and it's good because they're pretty much 24-hours.  Except for that one hour they close at 1am.  ^_^
This McDonald's is located inside the Walmart at the Arroyo Crossing shopping center.  Since it's our local Walmart, we pass by this Mickey D's all the time.  More often than not, the Husband convinces me that he's hungry and wants to grab a snack while we're there.  Usually it's something easy like their Hot N Spicy Chicken Sandwich, but other times we've sat down for a full meal.

My most recent find discovery was during Halloween.  They were selling these Halloween Treat books for $1 each!  Inside were coupons for free apple dippers, free small cones, and free apple juice or milk jugs.  You get a total of 12 coupons for $1!  What a deal!  And what makes this location cooler than others is that they even offered it!  (I tried purchasing more at another location and they didn't offer it!)

Overall, they are pretty efficient and professional than some of the other McDonald's I've been to in Vegas.
Ive been there several times and everytime it was fast service but the food was cold.
This location exclusively has 8pm-4am midnight snack of 6 piece nugget + small fries for $1.99! 

This location is inside the Walmart at Arroyo Crossing. It is probably very convenient and I always fall for the fact that it is in Walmart when I shop here. The staff are very nice and quick about taking the customer's orders and food are always pretty quick. There usually is a line of 1-2 when I visit but that could probably just be the time I get there.

I never had any 'problems' with the food that they 'served' me.
I think the unique thing was the midnight snack advertisement they have. If you are here between 8PM - 4AM, they have a special of 6 piece chicken nugget + a small fry for 1.99 which is something I never seen advertised at other McDonald places.
It was a McDonald's ... no just a McDonald's, but a McDonald's in a Walmart - it don't get better than this!   We had very good service. Food made "fresh" - but the people after us were ignored at the counter.  As for McDonald's, I think this one is not bad - just do not go and expect to feel good later.
Inside of Walmart so no drive thru. Gets crowded easily, especially with carts in the way. Sticky counters. You don't wanna bump into the trashcans cause they're covered in ketchup. Never have to wait long though and employees are usually pretty nice. Same stuff you'd get at any McD's.
The food's not bad...typical Jack in the Box, but the drive thru service at this location is HORRIBLE, and the employees are the rudest I've met at any fast food joint.
9 out of 10 times you'll be asked to "pull up front so they can bring it out to you", even if there's no cars behind you.
Then you get to sit and wait until one of them feels like walking out to your car.
Maybe I'm getting old, but isn't a "Drive Thru" supposed to prevent  finding a parking spot and sitting and waiting idea?
DON'T go here if you're in a hurry, or looking for friendly service.
It's Jacks, what did ya expect haha.
this sucks that I have to write this sucky review because this is my neighborhood jack in the crack.  

drive thru: don't usually have a problem with the drive thru... [tho I did have an incident last year with one guy who got really anal about taking a coffee order after I had driven away from the squawk box.  after I had refused to drive back around.. and make another order [yes, per his instruction] I threatened to scrap my order all together for having the audacity to tell me to do so.  after my husband said his piece..  he finally agreed to add it to our order, before making a smart ass remark about 'the next time..'  I swear I was bout to go mcnugget mad on this  and put my fist through the window for that nonsense! 

I never saw him again.  he freaking acted like I forgot an order of 13 meals.  it was just coffee. it was just coffee dude.  I was dumbstruck because dumb asses rub off on me!  ugh.  best of luck in life buddy.  it is not that serious.

eating inside: hmph.. what can I say.  the employees are not geniuses... and it obvious.  there's like 2 ppl who understand what customer service is and the rest who didn't make it to that training. 

so 2 stars to those employees. 

we walked in one night for dinner.. and a girl was standing at the in between the counter and the kitchen.  it was jack in the box so we knew what we wanted and were ready to order as soon as we came in.  her rude ass I think was working drive thru this night.. so letting us know that someone else was gonna come out to help us was out of the question.  instead, she turned her pink underwear, big butt, low rider jean wearing ass and acted like we weren't there.  

after we told her we were ready to order, is when she called the other lady.. [a much older woman] who I'm
glad to say was apologetic and friendly... 

tables in this particular jack n the box could be better kept.. we had to ask the lady to wipe a table for us before we sat down. 

sigh..  I always hope that a neighborhood chain does justice.. but that's just one to many fails when it comes to customer service. idk who the he'll is hiring? mcdonalds maybe? but.. gaaaaah!  get it together!
Hey, this is a really good Jack In The Box. 

Here are some considerations why this review is 5-stars.

*) The drive-thru has never been anything else but stellar performance (card swipe even, with PayPass if you have it). Kim K. might have had a bad experience, but I never have. I like Amanda who works there.  She has a characteristic personality that makes me *always* look forward to ordering through the drive-thru. And she is genuinely polite and conscientious.

*) I have never gotten sick from *this* Jack In The Box.

*) The other employees with which I have come into contact have all been motivated and respectable (unlike many other fast-food places). 

*) The interior is well-cared-for. Always clean. Soda machines never empty. 

*) Value is appropriate. Price is stable and acceptable.

*) And .... open 24/7.

What's not to like? Why, in any dimension, would you not rate this specific location 5-stars? This is an example of how to run a Jack In The Box correctly, in my opinion. You payin' attention, Jack?
Slowest one yet!
I Always thought I lived in a good neighborhood. Then I visit Jack's here and find graffiti  carved into the tabletops? Food was pretty good for Fast Food so maybe I will use the drive thru next time.
Tuesday specials. Two for 99 cents!!!!!! -leg and thigh. Wow...that is a great deal for me. My weekly fix for good fried chicken comes at s bargain. Make sure you do not let it get cold because it tastes the best fresh from the fryer.
Worst service I've ever had. Lupe at the drive-thru has to have THEE worst customer service EVER. She didn't repeat the order, she charged my card, AND got it all wrong. She even felt the need to be rude and have an attitude about it.  Learn some manners and BASIC service skills Lupe.
Chicken was fresh, hot & spicy.  Red beans & rice and mashed potatoes with Cajun gravy are great.  I ordered the crawfish box with horseradish sauce - very good! Drive thru service was fast, efficient & polite.  I wasn't missing anything.  Always a good experience when I come here.
I was away from my neighborhood helping a friend move but wanted for dinner what my family eats EVERY Tuesday. So while in North Las Vegas my friend directed me here. I went through the drive thru and ask for "Two specials, mild and a pie, and I want that same order twice." The cashier says back to me, "You will have to pay for them both together."  I responded that I understood and let him know that I didn't mean separate orders but  that I was saying it like that because my child an I will be eating in the car and I wanted us each to have our own individually wrapped order.  (Its easier to just give her a bag than to hand her some pieces while I'm driving) I added 1/2 dozen biscuits and a corn on the cob to my order and asked for lots of "grape jelly, hot sauce and butter." My friend says after I completed my order that we can eat at her house.  So we drove back to her house and opened the bag to find ONLY two 2 piece orders! Also the two apple pies had been smashed open under the weight of the chicken packked into the small handle bag that my order was given to us in. I was upset at myself because I thought that maybe I wasn't clear when I ordered.  I just decided to eat and go ahead and get home. I kid you NOT today I'm doing laundry I take out the change and reciept from my jeans I had on that day and guess WTF they did charge me for 4 two piece specials!! I had to research the phone number since it is not on my receipt, but I've tried calling the store to say what happened and no one will answer the phone. I live near Henderson its not like I'm going to drive to NLV to talk! I asked  a friend if I should care anymore, you know I asked if he thought I was being dramatic over $2.58 worth of chicken and he said "yes." But, the more I think about it the madder I get because if I walked into Popeye's packed up food and just walked out the door with 4 pieces of chicken they would call the police and pursue me no matter how far!
My girlfriend and I stopped here on the way back from Las Vegas. It wasn't busy at all at first, but these workers moved so slow that it was pretty packed by the time we got our food. It's called FAST FOOD, not slug your ass over to the fryer while you give everyone dirty looks...food. Okay, that's kind of childish, but everyone working there, with the exception of the tall brunette (didn't catch her name but was the one who apologized for the wait), was working as though they were making food for FUN! Even the manager, who was a guy dressed in a nice shirt, was working slower than anyone! The customers all kept they're cool but we were all shooting each other looks, in disbelief of what we were witnessing, since all the workers are in full view. 

I ordered, waited, went and got gas, came back and waited, went to the restroom and then waited, all before we got our food!! Twenty two minutes for two tacos, a deli trio sandwich, and a pumpkin pie shake, which was upgraded to large and made on the fly by the polite brunette in a matter of fifteen seconds. Not to mention we stood there for five minutes before anyone took our order.

In conclusion: I don't think it would be going to far to FIRE THE WHOLE STAFF AND GIVE THEIR JOBS TO THE FOLKS WHO ARE STRUGGLING TO EVEN FIND ANY WORK IN THIS ECONOMY!!! Simply unbelievable.

PS- If you look at the photo of this place, you'll see the big machine that you can order for yourself. It's the only thing that pulls it's own weight there.
As far as Jack in the Box goes, this place was definitely on top of it. The food is typical with the rest of the chain, but the service here was great. We had 3 separate orders in one car and they got them all correct, even the little things like 'no pickles.' We pulled around to the window and the guy was friendly, made a couple jokes, and gave us tons of ketchup when we said we wanted more. The food was done quickly, came out hot, and seemed fresh. 

Here's what moved it up from 4 stars to 5: In each bag (3 separate orders, remember?) there were THREE ranch containers along with the ketchup. 3 ranch dips for every person and we didn't even have to ask for them!! I don't care how trivial that seems, for a fast food chain they're going above and beyond.

And it's in the same parking lot as an Arco/AMPM, so this is the perfect stop to eat and gas up before leaving the Vegas area altogether. It's about 20 minutes away from the strip, right off the 15.
This is by far the worst Jack in the Box I have ever been to.  I want to like this place because it is near my home.  Therefore, I have given them more chances to impress me then I ever should have.  Food is ridiculously slow to come out.  I'm talking 15 and 20 minute waits.  Including one drive thru visit where I was asked to park in front of the restaurant for 15 minutes waiting for my food.  Also one night they refused to take my order inside and forced me to use a kiosk to order on my own.  This place flat out sucks.
I've always had great experience at this drive-thur.
I don't think this location has a full menu, it seemed pretty small. Though I haven't been to a Jack in the Box for years so I can't be sure. They serve breakfast all day which is great, sometimes you just can't make the breakfast cut off at other fast food locations, especially after a night in Vegas!

I had my heart set on breakfast, but ended up getting a grilled turkey, bacon sandwich which sounded pretty tasty. It took awhile to get our food considering the place wasn't packed at all. My husband and I were both pretty disappointed in the sandwich, it had some gross sauce on it that we both did our best to wipe off. Yuck! Totally ruined the sandwich. Maybe I should have stuck with a breakfast sandwich!
If I could leave negative stars, I would. This experience starts a couple days ago when I ended up waiting quite a few minutes to even be acknowledged. Not a big deal, but I'm the only one in line and it's 12:30 at night, so what else would be going on at this time? But I digress. In addition to that, "Roggie" was the most apathetic service individual I've ever met (and I've met my fair share). Not even the slightest bit interested in my order paired with a magnanimous amount of attitude. I ended up waiting an additional 6 minutes for a munchie meal. I left with a bad taste in my mouth as he said "bye" without saying thank you or have a great night. So I left an internal (Jack Listens) review to see what kind of response I'd get. The manager, "Roland", assured me that he would speak to the individual I had mentioned in my review and that my next combo was on him. All I had to do was mention that he was covering my meal the next time I came in. Now that brings me to tonight. I thought what the hell, I'll go back. I did and was met with even more snide speech. I ordered the new breakfast burrito combo. I asked for egg white,  and (I wish I could type it the way it sounded), he repeats it back in the most stereotypical gay way. There is no other way of saying it. I asked for a Dr Pepper as my drink and he repeated it back to me the exact way I said it. I was shocked. He said to go to the first window to which I did. He said the total and I mentioned what I was told to. He looked at me and said in a snotty form that he knew nothing about that and that he would've written it down. "Sorry bout that"  I said not a problem since it would be pointless to argue with such a dense an idiotic person. He then disappeared to get my food. After 4 minutes, a lady came to bring bring me my drink. I thought that was interesting. Another two minutes minutes and she came back. I asked her if she may have known about about the conversation with Roland, to which she replied the same thing said before, but even more attitude! I I then said that thanks to him, I would now take my review public. And with the most fake smile she could muster, replied,  "Ya. You do that!" I drove away to see "Rodrigo" (according to the receipt on this occasion) cowering in the corner which makes me think he knew exactly who I was and the conversation he just denied earlier. And before anyone thinks I am just doing this for free food, I will never be going back to to this establishment even if they PAID me. Yeah, it's it's that bad. Don't go here ever! As for me? Burger King sounds better. Better yet, I get better customer service at the 24 hour gas station nearby nearby then here. You've been warned.
Although this place was the last choice on a road trip home to California,  I should've kept driving another hundred miles to go anywhere else besides this place.  When I walked in no one greeted me and in fact no one took my order for approximately seven minutes.  A nice young gentleman with the double pierced ears and a gentle lisp helped me take my order.  He was fantastic at taking my order but I chose the big breakfast and this as you'll see, was the route one of the reasons for my poor visit to Jack in the crack.  The big breakfast consisted of approximately five items along with a container of syrup. Each item got worse than the previous item starting out with the hashbrowns that were actually pretty delicious and moving through to the bacon that had to be a few weeks old.  The Pancakes were pretty good but the eggs were rubbery.  Just forget about trying the bacon and sausage I actually spit out of my mouth into the sac that it came in.  The guy at the gas station was one of the most friendliest gas station clerks of ever met.  Unfortunately, this did not overshadow the poor quality of the food that I consumed.  I don't blame Jack-in-the-Box I just blame myself choosing Jack-in-the-Box as a place to eat.
I'm not ashamed to admit that every once in a while, I get a Bic Mac Attack and have to have some McDonald's.  Well, it happened last weekend while I was at the Galleria Mall to watch the B-Boy Battle Swagger competition.

I ordered a Big Mac and one of the new Angus Beef Bacon Cheeseburgers.  To wash it down, I ordered a bottle of Water.....hey, I had to do something healthy to not feel so bad, right?

The food came out on time, but they were out of bottled Water....so they gave me the one on display.....huh?! I thought it was hilarious.

Anyway, I got my Big Mac fix and thought the Angus Bacon Cheeseburger was alright.

Will I return?  Only during the next Big Mac Attack.
This particular location has by far the worst service overall. I am not lying when I say that 7 out of 10 visits whether it be drive-thru or walk-in, something is wrong with my order. 
I can remember my order for extra onions on McRib sandwiches or hamburgers have been produced with extra pickles and no onions. A recent visit took 25 minutes to produce a 10 piece chicken mcnuggets and a soda. I've worked at a McDonald's before, and if I had a valid food card, and ambassadorial privileges, I could have changed the oil, re-heat the fryer, located a box in their freezer, and fry my own food, and still get to school on time. The shift manager gave me a large fries and 2 cups for drinks, not being sensitive to the fact that I had diabetes, and I had ordered nuggets for speedy service and avoidance of excess carbs.
The service today was not as bad, but why do they go through the trouble of asking what kind of sauce do I want with my nuggets if they aren't going to give it to me? The guy at the window actually tried to shove me out of drive-thru with only a partial order. This particular instance has happened several times.
Unfortunately, I am a fan of their products, and when I get a hankering and wish not to get out of my vehicle, this is the closest location.
I have managed 3 food service installations, and I guarantee that I could run that place better than the current crew, given minimal training.
I would say the 80's had lousy fashion, 90's had lousy music, and so far, aside from drivers of today, customer service is at its worst, especially for food service and more especially for McDonald's on Sunset and Stephanie.
Heading into the Galleria to shoe shop with the wife, she figured it would be beneficial to get me a snack before the doldrums of shoe shopping. Thought the dollar menu should be an inexpensive snack before we went home for a full dinner.

It was an easy transaction to get a soda, burger and fries, they're order fulfillment time was about the highlight of the visit.

Our food was ready, so we sat down and tore into the bag. The burger was your typical McD's burger, nothing special, tastes like a very cheap, almost beef patty. The fries however, looked and tasted like they had been dropped into the fryer a couple times. Finally, the soda... there was a slightly off taste to it, could be the mix, or the syrup was on its way out, either way, it wasn't the greatest tasting soda I have had.

After eating, I went to get my drink refilled, as they normally give one refill per cup at this location. Not this time. Now, if you would like a refill, it is $0.54. I was really tempted to break out the credit card to pay for a refill, just out of spite. Laziness prevailed and I walked away. 

I can understand not having unlimited refills at a mall, where mallrats could abuse the refill policy. That is why it was perfectly understandable to have only one refill per cup.
Hav to pay for refill......use to be free but they got cheap.
I love the Ice cream here! Thats the only thing I get when I go to mcdonalds.
After a horrible experience at Metro PCS, I went through the drive through to get some lunch on the fly.  5 stars for the cheerful and efficient gal at the drive thru window. The food is always consistently good.
The food was delicious and tasted very fresh considering it was after lunch time
My orange chicken was dry like it had been sitting there for a while. My noodles were almost cold. Never going back. Yuck, I wish I had gone to firehouse subs instead.
This Arby's is in a very nice area. The inside of the restaurant is very clean and the food is hot and well prepared. It is usually not busy and the staff are quick and efficient. I enjoy having a view of the park as well.
One of the best Arby's locations.  The staff is very helpful and pleasant.  They bring the food to you at your table if there is a wait.  I ate the Ruben which was spectacular.  Sometimes I get the classic roast beef.  The curly  fries are fresh.  Food quality is top notch for this chain.  Also unlike several other locations in Las Vegas they have never refused my coupons which are usually obtained directly from Arby's official website/Facebook.
I don't know what to say here. I guess I went in on a bad night. I'm in town for work, so I went through the drive through to get a beef and cheddar and some potato cakes to munch on in my hotel room. When I got to the hotel room (the Aliante, which is minutes away) the bag was saturated with grease (see photo). I immediately went back and the crew working were unfriendly and unapologetic. No apologies or any sense of compassion. When I first walked in and told them about my greasy bag, the punk kid working the counter rolled his eyes and told some woman, you deal with this. She was equally as unpleasant as him. What a crew full of jerks!
Food was greasy and gross, couldn't eat the grease-soaked potato cakes, sandwich had dry bread and hardly any beef-the employees don't seem to care, this place blows!
Greasy. Skip it. Waited 15 minutes.  Food was soggy with grease. I'd not go here again.  There's nothing that made me want to try again.
I'm not big on Crack in the Box but they have French Toast sticks and sometimes it's the only thing I can coax my 2 year old to eat.  Yes... When I'm desperate, I will resort to fast food to feed my child. It's not often but I do it. This location is really clean though.  Not a lot of traffic through here when I'm here but it always seems like someone is cleaning. The staff is pretty nice too.  They will usually come bring me the order if I'm sitting down at the table. Who get's table service at a fast food joint nowadays? I've had the grilled breakfast sandwiches here.  They're actually not too bad. A little greasy for my tastes but it will fill me up which I guess is the purpose.
Chicken Fajita Pita is the best.
Curly fries are the bestest
Oreo shakes are the bestestest
 What can I say, I like the box.
Quick and friendly. Drive thru is fast and the food is always correct. Inside is clean and the food is what it is, JIB deep fried crap of awesomeness!
Just got home and while in drive through, person taking order was polite.she dropped some of my change,but never acknowledged it.i asked for catsup and ranch, I got one ranch and no catsup!food was of normal quality.
Born and raised in San Diego, grew up with Mr. Box. This is one of my favorite locations in Vegas. Always nice and clean, friendly staff no matter what time of day or night. Food order has not once been incorrect or cold. I am currently on a munchie meal kick and I will say the amount of fries you get seem to depend on who is fulfilling the order. But with a big burger and two tacos a few less fries doesn't hurt that bad....
As a vegetarian,  Jack in the Box isn't exactly my first choice for fast food.  That doesn't stop my husband,  however,  from dragging me along whenever he gets a craving for Jack in the Box. This location is closest to home and is a quick and easy option for a late night snack or lazy breakfast. 

What I like about this Jack in the Box is that it's clean and riff-raff is in general kept to a minimum. The employees are always polite and our orders are placed correctly. The drive-thru always seems to take forever though...

As for food, c'mon, it's Jack in the Box!
I was pleased to discover that Jack in the Box has a military discount! I stopped by after running a 5k run with a case of the late night munchies with some friends.  I ordered a vanilla iced coffee but was told they were out of vanilla syrup. I ordered a caramel iced coffee instead. The coffee was super sweet, just like I like it. For $1.99, the coffee is on the expensive side because it's small in size and filled to the brim with ice. For that price I could go to Starbucks for the same thing! Just saying.
My favorite SONIC in town. There is one just down the street from here on Boulder, but this one never has a crowd, is consistently good with their drinks, and has a friendly staff. We go here almost daily for a Route 44 during the hot summer months. They sometimes close early at night, but around sunset is the perfect time to come to catch a nice view of the Strip.
So happy we have sonic way out here. Always nice and fast!
My boyfriend and I stopped here on our way to a work call in Lake Las Vegas. We were trying to rush an go on with our day off so possibly could have been more irritable than normal however the service didn't help our moods. 
The woman working the drive thru was rude and impatient taking our order. She had the worst attitude and I could tell through a box! That's what prompted me to write this and it only got worse! At the window she charged our card not saying a word and handed us our items one at a time. There were very long gaps of time in between each beverage and the food. Every time she walked away she left the window open so we could hear them complaining (very loudly and animated) about having to cook the breakfast burrito at one pm....and jalapeo poppers. It was awkward, to say the least, when a new equally as rude employee returned with our food.
I stopped at this Sonic because I was out doing errands and need something for my low blood sugar. I had not eaten lunch (being a diabetic that is a big no, no) so I thought I'd get something to eat and a drink because it was happy hour. YAY for half priced drinks! I've also been trying to stick to the Atkins diet so I was debating between a double cheese burger and the grilled chicken sandwich. I picked the grilled chicken. When I got it home, the piece of chicken was very tiny. It didn't even make it to the edge of the bun. I only used half of the bun and disposed of the rest. I just feel for $4.39 I should get a little bigger piece of chicken. I've had this sandwich from other locations before and I know it was not that tiny! What happened?

My drink was tasty and they even got the diet cherry in it correctly! I used the drive-thru and the service was great. They were very friendly and quick. 

Normally I love Sonic and their food, but this time I was severely disappointed! I could have just gone to Wendy's or Jack in the Box and gotten the same sandwich for the same price or cheaper and it would have been a lot bigger. Check your portions Sonic!
Since there is no Sonics around me I really like it here! Their tater tots are awesome, and I'm in love with the watermelon slush. Not a fan of their chicken stuff, but their burgers aren't bad. Yummy and cheap !
Sonic offers appetizing fast food and seems to be open at all hours of the day, every day.  Drive-thru, walk-up, or drive-up to order. Super inexpensive food that satisfies my late-night cravings.  

Some of my favorite menu items are:
- I love the Kid's Meal, especially the enticing Grilled Cheese!  
- Breakfast Toaster (Huge plus that breakfast is served all day)
- Oreo Sonic Blasts (Kind of reminds me of McDonald's McFlurry)
- Strawberry Limeade
- Coneys, Hotdogs, Corndogs
- Tator tots!

Location:
This Sonic location was rather difficult to find when locating it for the first time.  It's not on Flamingo Rd (the main road); instead it is hidden on the side of the plaza.
The staff has been sucking really bad recently.
Absolutely love the their milkshakes !!!!!  and they're 24 hrs!!!!  Plus, gotta love their Happy hour specials on slushies !!!
The service at this location is really, really slow. I stopped here for a quick drink on the way home. They have tons of drink selections and syrups, even some sweetened with splenda. Unfortunately, my vanilla coke was flat. Great tater tots though.
Even if you stop here in the middle of the afternoon, the service is slow.  But now it is rediculous.  We stopped here for 2 milk shakes.  After 25 minutes I went up and asked about the order.  They said they were short staffed.  After 45 minutes we left without ever being served.  You have a myriad of choices for spending you fast food $.  Don't waste your time and money at Sonic.
This Sonic is really hit or miss all the time. This particular location happens to be on my way home from work so it is super convenient for me if I want to pick up something on the way home on the rare occasion I haven't prepped dinner before going to work. It's also helpful when the husband calls me when I'm getting out of work begging for a Sonic Blast... 

Sometimes there is no one in the dirve-thru line and it is slow. Sometimes there are a ton of people in the drive-thru and it is slow. Sometimes I've come through super quick. Again, the consistent factor is missing. 

The good thing though is that the food is still good quality for a fast food joint. I tend to think of Sonic being on the upper echelons of fast food. There are a lot of options and a lot of ways to customize your meal. Their drinks are always great, especially slushies and their Cherry Coke, which I love because they do not skimp on the Cherry flavoring.

I'd rather go to a different Sonic, but since this one is on my drive home I'll probably keep partonizing it whether or not the service is slow.
Not too bad, the service is alright and the drive-thru takes a little long.  Haven't been here early enough in the day to order up front at the window so my entire experience is based on the drive-thru.  Picked up a jr. egg burrito and a shake and it took about 20-25 minutes.  Good thing I wasn't in a hurry or I would've been late.. nonetheless, the food came out good complete with condiments so nothing short of an average experience at Sonic!
I have a serious love of Sonic. Those limeades have had my heart for literally decades. And then there's the popcorn chicken, the hot dogs, the shakes, etc. All in all, it's some pretty decent fast food. And the happy hour prices for drinks are a pretty good deal.

This particular Sonic location appears newer and is somewhat hidden depending on which way you are approaching it. The nice thing is that the drive through always moves quickly and is nice and efficient. Yeah, I'm a fan.
Went here for our two free tacos the other Tuesday. The place is clean, the service was as can be expected. I hate how all fast food places seem to give priority to the drive through. Tacos were actually good! I haven't had Jack In the Box Tacos since my college drinking days when they were a 2:30 am staple.
Was going to a different fast food place, but was enticed to come here after seeing a few signs out front promising a cheap combo meal. These days, seeing deals that offer a full meal with a drink will help me to decide where to spend my money. I was able to get an All-American Jack double burger with cheese, medium fries and a medium drinks for about $6. That's a lot of food for $6. The service was ready before I was ready to order thankfully. The order did take a few minutes to arrive, but I was just happy it was all hot.
Yea its a review for a Jack In the Box. Why!? I always loved Jack In the Box as a kid but then they shut down. So I might be making up for lost time because I'm always going to a Jack In the Box when everything else is closed or when I just want a quick bite without the hassle.

I like this location, convenient and clean, friendly service with good late night conversations, good easy listening jams playing when dining in.

$1 any size drinks, jumbo jack, and fries always does the spot for me.
First off, yes, I am giving this Jack in the Box 5 stars under ONE condition.. If a gentleman named Kevin is working. He is the epitome of an all around great employee who knows how to carry himself, showing a great representation of the establishment. 


So my boyfriend and I pull up to the Jack in the Box that actually looked pretty busy. Mind you, it's 3 AM in the morning. 

As soon as we pull up to the intercom, we get greeted by this really nice guy. Professional, friendly and clearly the perfect man to be working a night shift. I can't tell you how many people we've run into that work grave shift who are completely unhappy to be there....and show it. 

He's totally an easy going mood, making small talk as we wait for our food. We get our food & drive away thinking "man, that guy was good."

Unfortunately, there was a confusion with our order. We show back up to the place & Kevin greeted us with the same Welcoming smile that he had our whole experience. He was completely understanding and accommodating about the whole issue and I've honestly never encountered someone with such poise..working at an establishment such as this. Regardless of the reason, this place is lucky to have him and I would make a trip back here, just to say hello to him!
I don't normally leave reviews for "fast" food, but this Jack and the Box has really went downhill. 

Very slow and expect to wait 10-15 minutes if using the drive-thru.
Fast service, and my egg and sausage croissant was delish!
I love breakfast all day. Get xtra mayo on the Supreme!
Went there to go grab the jacks munchies meal one late night, ordered & the drive thru. When i got home i was disappointed.. Soda was just carbonated water.. Suppose to be raspberry iced tea, the deal i got was combination curly fries and reg. fries.. I only got One.. Yes 1 curly fry.. Just horrible and what a waste of money...
They messed up my order. The crew here needs to be replaced.
This use to be the friendliest most efficient fast food spot, hands down. Lately though the typical "I don't wanna be here" employee has been working. Use to be a stand out amongst fast food chains. Hope they get better soon.
I do like Sonic, but this is iffy on this one.  It's not your average Sonic Drive in.  Come to think of it, I'm still unsure why they call it a Drive In, when its actually inside a Walmart Shopping Center.  Sure enough, they do get business from Walmart shoppers, but on the other hand, it can be a bad thing too.  

Located inside Walmart off 215 and Decatur is where Sonic Drive In, is located.  Usually I probably would see McDonald's inside a Walmart but it is interesting to have something different.  It does give Sonic that "fast food restaurant" feel to it, instead of sitting in your car and eat.  Which is good for those who like the restaurant feel and not drop lettuce or crumbs in between the car seats.  It's not big as an actual fast food restaurant, but big enough to have a place to sit, eat and stay out of the sun.  

What I dislike about it, is that, you have the shoppers that want something to eat after shopping.  So it tends to get busy, plus they won't allow shopping carts inside the restaurant, so you have shopping carts that might get in your way when you're trying to get out.  It does take a tad bit longer to get your food, cause if it is busy, there is a line and hope they're loud enough to call your number cause there's no car hop to deliver your food.  

But the reason why I go here, is cause I love Sonic regardless where the location is.  The food is still the same, just a minor dislike on the location, but I'll still come here for the food.  It's the same as the Drive In.  

If you're a Sonic fan, then it might be a good place to get your Sonic fix, if you're in the area.  As long as you don't mind the shoppers, shopping carts and waiting to get your number called.  You might be luckier than me if you do go.  Enjoy.
Sonic, where would I be without your tasty goodness?  Eating at some other fast food joint that has no Happy Hour.  Daily at your local Sonic from 2 - 5 PM...Happy Hour that has 1/2 off of your favorite drinks and slushes!

This one is pretty cool since it's in the local Walmart.  Weird, but cool.  I really think it's the only Walmart in all of Las Vegas (possibly even all of Nevada) that has a friggin' Sonic inside it's walls.  Yeah, screw you McDonald's..take your Golden Arches elsewhere!  Sonic is coming with the big guns, and will PUMP...YOU...UP!  

This Sonic is different in the fact that it has no Drive-In but the good old eats are all the same.  You got your burgers and hot dogs, fries and onion rings.  All the shakes and slushes are still there too.  But at this Sonic you can grocery shop and stop!  As long as you love to grocery shop at Walmart.  I can't stand Walmart.  Especially on a Sunday.

Sonic is where I like to go for a cheap hot dog and a drink.  The only other place I like going to is Costco...cheap on the cheap!  But at Sonic I can get me my 'cheat meal' of a foot long Chicago Dog or Coney with Chili & Cheese (plus mustard and extra onions), a side of tater tots, and a Route 44 Low-Cal Cherry Limeade or Low-Cal Cherry Diet Dr. Pepper.  OH YUM YUM.  All for less than $6!  Sure beats a combo # anything at just about any other fast food place.  Yeah yeah, I know you Chicagoans will groan that the Chicago Dog at Sonic ain't close to authentic, but who cares!  For the price and our current economy I'm sold!  I haven't been to a place here in Las Vegas yet besides Sonic that will sell me a foot long Chicago Dog!  Happy eats = Happy man-child.  

The shakes here beat out a lot of other places too.  I mean come on, Sonic uses real ice cream soft serve for their shakes and the price is hard to beat.  I love a Cookies & Cream or Strawberry shake on a hot Las Vegas summer night.  Plus, don't forget with every order you get free Sonic Mints!  A nice touch to make your Sonic experience feel a bit Old School.  Natch!

Service here is fairly quick, and at least in my experience always friendly and efficient.  Yeah, don't make this guy wait long for his food.  Me hungry!
I am a fan of sonic. Especially the experience but this one in particular is inside Walmart. The staff is often times looking drained and not pleasant. They charge for drink refills and close off most of the sitting areas more then 50% of the time that I've been there. Only reason I keep coming back is I have children and unfortunately this is the Walmart I frequent often. I really wish they would learn to SMILE and be a bit more attentive and stop closing down more then half of the store because they don't want to have to clean it after 6pm.
Cashier is rude as fuck. And gross as shit, wiping her nose with her sleeve while I'm ordering. I feel unclean as hell eating this shit right now.
I am a SONIC FAN, so let me preface my review with that.  How can you beat 1/2 price drinks from 2-4p every day?  And they have like a gajillion options to choose from.  This is an easy in/out location.  The service is consistently a-ok.  Fast food isn't my thing...so can't review their food, but I have heard their onion rings ROCK!
This McD's wasn't too bad. Not too busy when we went to grab some late breakfast. You can't beat the dollar menu either. $1 salad from there is nutritionally equivalent to eating something from Quiznos (which my friend had in the food court and hated) at a fraction of the price.
The McDonald's chronicles.
Hooray for free refills.
I just want a bite to eat, make my daughter happy. not spend a lot of money, and drink as much soda as I can quenching my thirst is the dry air.  The McDonald's doesn't charge that much of a premium.  The place is clean and is a good, affordable rest before putting the feet down back on the strip's concrete.
This McDonald's is located inside the Excalibur hotel and was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a Mickey D's. We wanted a quick breakfast at around 9:30 a.m., so my friend decided to grab some for us to bring back to the room before heading out for the day. He ended up waiting over 30 minutes in line to get 2 egg Mcmuffins and coffee, and I had to wander out of the room to see what the hold up was. There was also no dollar menu available when we were there, so we ended up paying the $3 for a greasy sandwich. By the time we got the food back to the room it was cold, but at least the coffee stayed warm.
Horrible service!! Not friendly at all. I asked for a couple of sauces, they told me I would have to pay 52 cents! What happened to customer service? Worst mcdonalds I have been too. Cheesy move on their part. Giving them one star is being generous
This place is a joke! It's disgusting enough of a fact that the only thing to eat at Excalibur between the hours of 0200 and 0600 is McDonald's, Starbucks, and Krispy Kreme. But then, to be forced to go to McDonald's and find this pitiful excuse of an establishment instead.... for shame. The first night they ran out of Butterfinger topping for a McFlurry. The second night, they claimed their ice cream machine was "locked." Not broken.... but locked. WTF is that?!?! If you are the only late night eatery available, you better have all your menu items available because I have a bit of a sweet tooth. This place is a joke... do yourself a favor and walk across the footbridge to New York New York and eat at America, their late night cafe.
On Christ almighty here it goes. If I am going to eat overpriced McDonalds in a casino I better get what the hell I want to eat. This place is so pitiful just thinking about it makes me angry. I don't even know where to start! Besides Starbucks and Krispy Kreme this is your only option for late night eats at The Excalibur. Here it goes:

Visit #1: Fool me once...shame on you.
My husband and I head to the room early our first night in Vegas because we were tired after a long drive. After watching some TV my husband said he wanted a little something from our local McDonalds. I was not really hungry but I was craving a little something sweet so I asked him to get me a McFlurry and to call me and tell me what kind they have. He calls and they have Oreo, M&M, and Butterfinger. YUM! I want Butterfinger I exclaimed! He hangs up and calls back about a minute later to break the news to me that they are out of Butterfinger. That would've been useful info to have when he first asked! So I ended up with Oreo. He comes back and I take a bite of my McFlurry. For those who may not know a McFlurry is soft serve icecream mixed with whatever topping you get. How do you possibly mess that up? Messing up a McFlurry is equal to the stupidity of burning cornflakes! There is no excuse. I took one bite and threw it away. The icecream was warm and the oreo chucks were stale. NASTY! My husband's burger and fries turned out ok at least. 

Visit #2: Fool me twice....shame on me. 
After some late night gambling I was hungry and did not feel like searching for late night eats so I ventured into this hell hole again. I figured since I was getting regular food this time it would be ok. The customer service of this place is atrocious. You are pretty much the only 24 hour operation that offers more than donuts and coffee so change your attitude. My husband had a sweet tooth this time and wanted a McFlurry. Dun Dun Dun! I order my food and ask for a Oreo McFlurry and the guy behind the counter proceeds to tell me that the icecream machine is locked. Excuse me? WTF? I call my hubby and tell him and he is most displeased. After two minutes of straight  cursing he asks for chocolate chip cookies, they have none. The only had oatmeal raisin which I can only describe is the asshole of cookies. So literally they have no good desserts. So my poor baby goes without what he wants. We are not doughnut fans so Krispy Kreme is not really appealing. After that I was done with that place for good!

If you are ok with McDonalds go to the one at The Luxor. You will probably get better service. We should've.  If you want something better venture into NYNY into America cafe which is open 24 hours and for the same price you can get some decent food and service.
I work in the area and have eaten here several times. I can attest to the fact that this is one of the worst McDonalds to eat at.

You can at least be sure of consistent service. Consistently lousy. Consistently noisy and consistently dirty.

Only eat here as a last resort
Just an unpleasant experience. I live here in Las Vegas and will often take family to the Strip when they come to town. We were looking for a late night bite to eat and decided on McDonald's since it was right in the hotel. The servers were incredibly rude. My aunt had only asked if they were serving smoothies and the girl behind the register rolled her eyes and responded with an attitude. After receiving our food, I had asked another employee where I could find straws. She intentionally ignored me upon my first attempt to get her attention. When she finally turned around after talking to her friend, she acted as if I was burdening her.

Maybe I'm expecting too much from a fast food place on the Strip, but I feel that if you are working in customer service, you should be providing customer service, not acting as if you are still in high school and hanging onto that angsty teenager we all have inside us.
This is a lousy McDonalds. So slow. So surly. Once you finally get the food it doesn't even seem to matter anymore.
This is by far the worst service I have ever had in any fast food restaurant.

Now I understand that working fast food isn't easy, but having a burger tossed at me was the end of the line. Enough said, so upset that I tossed right back at the rude ass lady behind the counter. If you can wait a couple more feet, there are way more options than this pile of dump. The only thing worse than having to walk through the Excalibur, is walking by that stink hole.
No Hot Mustard :(
The oatmeal was good. The fruit was crisp and the raisins plump. The sweet tea was fresh.
I would never usually review a McDonalds, but here's why this place rules:
1) $5 for a 20 pack of Chicken McNuggets at 3am. When everything else in the food court was closed, we had this trusty option which ended up being our "go to". I couldn't imagine how extra hungover I would've been each morning without this grease.
2) An alternative to overpriced breakfast at the buffet at the hotel.
3) A quick way of grabbing something for less than $5 when not needing a full meal during the day.

5 stars for that!
I needed a quick breakfast before catching my flight back to new york. This McDonalds was located inside my hotel in the food court section. I ordered my orange juice, sausage biscuit, some pancakes and on my way I went.  It was a bit of a wait but my order was complete and the food was ok.
My first stop in Vegas the Baja Fresh in terminal D.  Why I thought it would be a good idea to take a cross country plane ride without any snacks, I'll never know.  Desperate to get my blood sugar up and thankful to be off the plane, I made a pit stop for a chicken burrito.
I'm not familiar with the Baja Fresh chain, but this place wasn't bad.  The burrito was standard - rice and beans, grilled chicken, lettuce, tomato and cheese... I was disappointed that there wasn't any salsa or guac, but I don't think I really tasted it going down anyway.
Also - I'm not sure if this is a west coast burrito thing, but on the east coast we have steamed tortillas not grilled.  The grilled was interesting and gave it a nice crispness, but it didn't really say "burrito" to me -- it was more a burrito wrap.
garbage!!!
After 8 hours of traveling this was a site for sore eyes...I had to eat here because corporate Baja closed all of the Chicagoland locations...I needed me a Chicken Baja Burritto.  

It was good not great...I am use to the guy cooking in the back and me waiting 10 minutes for my food...this place is more of an assembly line and I understand that because speed of food is important when trying to catch your flight. It did take me 10 minutes to pay...owner kept yelling in back for an employee to ring me up.  I also heard owner on the phone talking to somebody, he said, "you need to pick this up...I serve fresh chicken not frozen!". Good to know that I was probably eating the frozen stuff. 

The green salsa was also very neon in color. It tasted good but was not there normal green salsa...I think he gave me the verde salad dressing.  I still poured it on...yum!!!  What a way to start out Vegas for breakfast...I feel like a winner already!!!
Slick & quick.

I only had a taco & a churro, but both were just fine for an "on the go" snackfest...
Great food!!
This Baja Fresh.... WAS NOT GOOD....

Only had whole beans at 5:30 pm????

Airport restaraunts are usually sub-par but this was BLAH.
Fresh may be a bit of an overstatement. I got a veggie burrito which at most places cant be screwed up. Out of all my burrito experience, this as at the bottom. 

The rice was mushy and not ricey. The "hot" salsa had a nonexistent flavor and the whole thing was a floppy disappointment. I should have remembered the Quizno's around the corner.

Maybe, if you are super hung over and all you need is a bad burrito, give it a shot. I (for any state I am in) will choose a delicious veggie sandwich from Quizno's instead.
It's airport food, but i was hoping Baja Fresh would taste like it did outside of the airport. I got the chicken burrito special and it tasted fresh, but was pretty bland. I probably should've gotten some hot sauce or something to give it some flavor. Now that I think of it...they didn't even offer me any salsa or anything! Boo.
Get a burrito and a soda. Stroll over to the huge glass windows on the left. Find a seat, theres plenty of 'em. Then watch planes land before yours takes off.  Super chill!
Heard of Food Safety?  Anyone?  I don't think the staff from this Baja Fresh have...

The staff making the burrito for the lady ahead of me accidentally dropped some ingredients on the floor.  One of the staff quickly grabbed a broom, and everyone came out to help remove the rubber mats off the floor while she sweeps.  Ok, so far, yes?  Well, it's about to get gross.

After sweeping and the rubber floor mats put back into place, I did not see any of the staff wash their hands or replaced the gloves that was used to handle the food earlier and the rubber floor mats.  Ok, here's the kicker...

The staff who was cooking the beef inside said to the other staff, not to worry about it.  She'd only do it if someone saw it.  Do what?  Like, wash your hands and replace them white gloves that's used to handle the food that you serve to people?  Oh, ok then...  check please!

That's just McNasty!
For being an eatery option in an airport this Baja is not bad by any means. It's definitely a better option than the hot dog place next door. So if you're going through D gates, this is a decent place to stop.

For me the service was decent, but I'm also an airport employee. Discounts, holla!

I had two chicken soft "Americano" tacos. Normally I'd opt for corn tortillas, but for some reason this Baja uses flour on tacos that are "Americano". The corn tortilla tacos come with disgusting cilantro. Oh how I hate cilantro.

Overall, not a bad place for a Baja Fresh in an airport.
Definitely the best kept secret of terminal D, food-wise. Normally I'm not a fan of big chains - especially in airports. My past experiences with local Baja Sols have been all but pleasant, but given my options in LAS, Baja Sol is a winner.

For $6 you can grab a veggie-filled burrito that's semi-healthy, and surprisingly filling - get out!

Before we ventured into terminal D the food court options didn't include any item less than $9! And that was for a greasy, fat-filled grilled cheese.

If you ask me, this was a steal for decent airport food. And you know as well as I do, decent airport food (for a reasonable cost!!) is incredibly hard to come by.
I guess you can't expect much from airport dining. If you HAVE to eat, this place is fine, I guess. Certainly nothing to brag about. It wasn't enjoyable or satisfying; it was just ... there.
Worked for me! It is Baja Fresh and it is nice to have a quick burrito made your way while you are waiting for a flight. The real problem, however, is there really is no where to sit down and enjoy the meal. All of the seating I saw in the general area was specific to the establishments it was attached to. There were some standing tables nearby but come on -- so very close to completely travel friendly and very far away. LAS needs to change this!
it was good. service was quick. the lady making the food was very efficient. not even writing anything down. i got the Baja special or whatever it was. it was decent. i wished they had a salsa bar though. i like their salsa bars. the food didn't give me any food poisoning so that's always a plus. had we known beforehand our flight was going to cancel, we may have just held of from eating here. but, at the time it was good. oh, and we were way too lazy and my feet hurt too much to walk over to popeyes.
Tasteless burrito. I'm not picky, but the food is not good. The 2nd star is only because the Churro is quite good.
Baja Fresh at the airport was ehh.  I ordered a chicken burrito with black beans and salsa.  I wasn't paying attention to the guy making it, so I missed the fact they he didn't add the salsa, ugh!  I reached my gate and was starving, couldn't wait to eat my burrito.  I bit into a dry mass of rice, chicken and beans.  The salsa was greatly missed and the rice was far from fresh.

Service was quick, but then again, I was the only person eating burritos and 9:30am.  They didn't seem to care about me or their jobs at all, just going through the motions.

I like other Baja Fresh location, but would suggest skipping this one.
I had the Pork carnita build my own burrito for my first meal at Baja. It turned out very good for me. Im a bit pickier when it comes to Mexican food ( with the last name being Hernandez I know Mexican food.) 

The rice was impressive since most places use a basic white rice to fill burritos. This one used a tomato sauce infused rice, just like mom and Grandma make so I was quite pleased. The kept it pretty simple, Carnitas, rice, beans, sour cream and a few veggies, stuff I grew up on so I will be def going back.
The food was very bland and overpriced. Don't eat here! (3/7/12)
I had one grilled fish taco and one crispy fish taco. They cooked them fresh for me. I thought they were a little small for what you paid but it is airport pricing. ID definitely recommend the grilled over the crispy.
Like most airport fast food this place is no different. Ordered a two shrimp taco combo, and they gave me two chicken tacos with nothing else. I found out when I walked to my gate so I ate it anyways, the chicken was dry and nasty. Watch what they make you!
Foods good but the employees aren't friendly and 3 out of the 5 working were rude when I was there.
My flight had been delayed and I was so hungry because I woke up late and didnt get top eat breakfast. I walked around the airport and spotted Baja Fresh. I thought sure I''ll give this place a try other people are sp it must be decent. The best breakfast burrito I have ever had. I didnt even remember that there was no meat in it because the flavour was just so good. Everytime I spot a Baja Fresh in an airport thats where I'm having breakfast from now on. 1 star off because the churro they have me was hard as a rock.
This is me eating my words.  I mocked those who reviewed McDonald's locations and now I myself am doing that exact same thing.  Here's where I will try to redeem myself as a Yelper - I am not reviewing their food as much as I am reviewing the decor.

I will admit that McDonald's is a guilty pleasure of mine.  There are times their french fries call out to me in the night or I crave McNuggets dipped in sweet & sour sauce.  I may be drooling a bit right now, in fact.  What keeps me from frequenting there as I did in high school is both the knowledge of what goes into fast food and the fear of the oil and grease.  The fryer smell both draws and repulses me and I feel my skin getting greasy just from the proximity.  Nevertheless, if the call is strong enough, I will look beyond all that and get me a McMeal.  Such was the case recently.

After an evening of wine sampling ("wine tasting" would imply that it was in small quantities, which it was not) my fiance awoke with a mean McCraving.  He is a recently reformed fast-fooder and had gone from frequent visits to the drive-thru to having avoided it for nearly a year.  We decided that if we were going to cave, we might as well check out the recently-leveled-and-rebuilt McDonald's.  Figuring that they were new enough that the fryer, exhaust fans, etc. would still be free of too much buildup, we ventured inside.

This is seriously the best decorated McDonald's I have ever been to.  It has a mid-century modern feel to it with retro chairs, patches of dark wood flooring and what I can only describe as raised-circle-in-a-square ceramic tiles surrounding the drink/napkin/ketchup area.  I can seriously see some of the design elements being incorporated into a cool modern home.  Flabbergasting is how out-of-place it is in that area of town, where most commercial makeovers seem to involve stucco and tan paint.

We ate our food in awe of our surroundings.  Was this the future of McDonald's eateries?  Or just a fluke?  I'm hoping it's the former.  If I'm going to stuff myself with fast food, it would be nice to at least do so in a visually-pleasing environment.
New building  So clean so nice so.fast
This McDonald's needs some serious help from customer service. The manager melody should not be a manager but in the back peeling potatoes. They continuously get the order wrong and make customers wait 25-30 min for a redo. Go thru it yourself and see what I'm talking about . Melody's body language suggests she is burned out and does not hold the McDonald's core values.
What the Heck?!?!?!

I went in to grab a bite. The store was beginning to get busy and the cashier had a lot of people in line. I ordered and was waiting for my food. I noticed this redhead employee who was wearing a white shirt and black tie. I assumed her to be the manager, what caught my attention was that food was sitting and this women was busy TEXTING on her phone. Why would you text during work?? Then I watched her finish and place the phone in her back pocket. Without walking over to WASH her hands she picked up food bagged it and handed to customers. Then walked back over and started the text message again. REALLY? Not only are you too focused on the texting, but also cross contamination of food. I really do not know how clean you phone is. I am surprised that more people did not notice it. When it got to my food I asked that she wash her hands to pick it up or have someone else.  Beware of this location.
If I could this place no stars I would.  Slowest drive thru ever. Literally took 20 minutes to order. Then I was told to pull up and wait some more after I paid. They actually have designated spots for you to wait in which tells me they know how slow they are! This is not what I call fast food. NEVER AGAIN.  Next time I will just drive down the street to BK or Wendy's.
How often is it you see a chain fall so far from the standards for such a long period of time and yet corporate seems to just let them limp along.  It's a new , ok relatively new building but it doesn't look it. 

Tonight is the second night we've been in a two month period were  no fountain drinks no cafes or drinks other than bottled water, apple juice or milk were around. It's not like we frequent the place but  when someone puts out a habanero burger I feel obligated to support em. 

 Sadly the burger was the least juicy, scant of dressing one I've encountered so while it hints at getting hot there's not enough  on it to find out. 

They appear, no let's be bold here and state it , they reheat / refry  their "premium" crispy chicken wrap   it's nasty even before you get to tonight's surprise which is rancid ranch... Yeah a bite and a run to the trash can to hurl it out..

As usual  no receipt, no real F's given about the lack of drinks, slow service  in fact  the opposite of the one up at T Bird / I17   If you have to eat  fast  and can go the extra couple of miles it probably will save you time and  result in edible food
Teenagers Stepping up to Fish Combo... oh the days if the simple Cheese Burger and nuggets...\

Nice work Kiddo
Awful service. The employees and supervisors just act like they don't want to be there. Stood In line then cashier just leaves and supervisors and other employees just ignore you.
awful, people hand out here all hours of the night, panhandling and everyone smokes outside of front doors and side doors.
no one does anything, i reported this over and over, now it is being reported to the state.  also, no one gets the orders right
and hardly anyone is at the counters, and no one speaks english.
This McDonald's is located just a couple of blocks from the hotel I stayed at in Las Vegas - an Embassy Suites Hilton property - therefore it is within walking distance (There does not appear to be many businesses within walking distance of this hotel).

Had a late lunch here around 2:00 pm.  Ordered the #3 value meal: Quarter Pounder w/ cheese, medium fries and lemonade.

Meal came up promptly, was hot, not greasy, fries were crisp - all was good!

Interesting note: in order to use the restrooms - you have to let them know at the counter - and then they buzz you in - no physical key. Makes me wonder about the status of the surrounding neighborhood!

There is also a large red DVD rental machine in the dining area of this Mickey D's.
The service here was terrible. They got my breakfast order wrong three times, each time with the same exact mistake. The morning  cashier there, dalia, didn't even attempt to move a muscle to get me the right order. Food is just like any other mcdonalds, service was the worst. There's 50 others you can go to within a mile anyway
One of best McDonalds in Vegas, always very clean,, great service ,, close to the Las Vegas Strip...
I agree with Douglas--this is one of the best McDonald's in Las Vegas.  I stopped here for a quick ice cream last night and I was immediately impressed with the newness and nice design of the place.

The staff took my order quickly, and I was on my way to a table very quickly.  The tables were clean and the restaurant was clean.  I was really impressed!

They have free wifi which is a nice bonus.  If I need at break some day and I'm in the area, I'll definitely stop again.
Went here to get some cookies for a friend. The drive thru person Lamoni, sucked and couldn't tell the difference from coffee to her asshole, also a car broke down in the drive thru.
So I love McDonald's breakfast and we were on our way to the convention center for the Heli-Expo and I ordered my usual of one bacon egg and cheese biscuit, and one bacon egg and cheese McGriddle and they were great as usual.  The service was also quick and good. I don't understand the people that complain about the service or food from McDonald's what do you really expect.  Go somewhere else if you want better service, or literally go anywhere else but don't complain you know what you are getting yourself into.  

After we sat down and got our food we noticed that one of the huge front windows was completely shattered.  It actually looked really neat and then we asked what happened they said that someone shot it the night before.   

The other nice thing about this McDonald's is it has free Wi-Fi for all of its customers.
Truly disgusting place.
I'LL HAVE ONE BREAKFAST MCMUFFIN, HOLD THE GUNFIRE

If you're in Vegas for an event at the Convention Center, you'll probably be up early enough for breakfast. If you're not there on work, you might just want to sleep through this part of the day. McDonald's breakfast is not sold nearly long enough. I never make it there on time! How hard would it be to serve eggs all day?!!  In any case, this McD's is convenient to the convention center.

We stopped here more than once on our last Vegas trip a couple months back. On one of the visits while dining in, we noticed a bullet hole in the window from the night before. Someone probably mad about breakfast not being served all day is my guess.

Service was good. Food was average. The coolest thing about this location was the deco. It was so modern inside. Clean and cool. I like that.
I'm a Mclover, and I had no problem
with the workers. But I have a problem waiting more than 30 minutes for my cheeseburger. They weren't even busy! This was my first and last time at this location.
I am not a fan of fast food. But sometimes a girls gotta eat late! I came here after my LONG flight from Honolulu and I was pretty darn hungry. 

They were out of Southwest salads, but the bacon chicken wasn't bad. The salad was still fresh and the chicken was warm. I would go back if I ever had a late night McCraving!
Cold terrible cardboard on a bun, trashy service, homeless people drinking 24oz cans of Natural Ice inside the place!
Was told at 5am that burgers arent made until 4pm by some chubby ogre latina.

Stay in school kids.
Please people if you are looking for a "fast food" to eat do not go to this place. 15 minute for a simple double cheese burger. Employees work slower then my grandma.
I had never eaten at Chick-Fil-A before this location opened and now I am a serious fan. The plain old chicken sandwich has been reborn for me and i also love the nuggets. Mickey D's is going  to take a hit for sure. 

Save the Cows, Eat More Chicken
This place just opened up a few months ago and my girlfriend was thrilled because she loves this place.  I enjoy some Chick-fil-A, but  have grown to get tired of the same stuff.

BUT...

They have the best waffle fries and their nuggets are pretty dang tasty.  I love this location (i assume most are like this) because the people there are so insanely nice.  Who says "How may i serve you?"

One time we were eating there and this server was helping a guy with his food and asked "Could  I help you out with these?"  He was alone, probably 30's, and had two free hands.. she walks out with three bags and having trouble moving.  The entire place was watching in awe as he let her carry his food to his car.  Who does that??  Chick-fil-A does..  

The drive-thru likes to fool you though.. as a male.. I pull up and hear this sweet sweet voice "Hi, welcome to Chick-fil-A, how may I serve you?"  Of course I get why people do this.. females just come off as more pleasant.  But once you pull up to the window, it's some weird old guy..... bah..   Oh well.

Still a good place to eat.
great fast food!
My fave fast food restaurant. Its yummy, quick and service is extremely friendly. 

Some items I enjoy... 

The chicken: 

Chicken Nuggets (w Chick Fil A sauce) 
Grilled Chicken Sandwich (ask for the honey roasted BBQ sauce to go w) 
Spicy Chicken Sandwich Deluxe w Pepper jack Cheese 

for breakfast: 

Chicken Minis! (yummy honey glazed mini biscuits w a chkn nugget in each) 
Spicy Chicken Biscuit (new item, already had it twice... it's good) 

*I like how it is an actual honking piece of chicken for their chicken sandwich and not a mushed up chicken patty w fillers. They pressure cook their chicken, I believe, and it's always moist and juicy. Their nuggets are chunks of chicken meat, also. Their are tons of sauce to choose from... (BBQ, Ranch, Buffalo, Honey Mustard, Polynesian, Chick Fil A, and maybe a few more). Their spicy chicken is seasoned nicely and actually has a good spicy flavor, but not overly spicy. 

The sides. 

Their waffle fries are bomb. Never overly salty. Side salads has lettuce, carrots, cheese, tomatoes and broccoli and come with croutons and sunflower seeds. 

Dessert: 

Thick flavorful milkshakes. Ice Dream (soft served vanilla ice cream), and Nut Brownies (can also get it a la mode w some Ice Dream on top). 

They have lots of tasty options here. Service is friendly and fast. If I'm running behind and need to pick up a quick lunch, I roll through the drive through (which is like once a week, hehe). 

So save the cows... "Eat Mo' Chik N"
I love it!. Always fresh and hot. Nice customer service with manners! And they NEVER forget my mint!
It was anniversary night at Chick-Fil-A offering free movie (Finding Nemo), popcorn, face painting, balloons, cupcakes, and FREE chicken sandwich with any purchase.  It was a fun night with my Niece and celebrating with Chick-Fil-A. I've always loved anything I've had from here.
Ahhh! I'm addicted to Chick-Fil-A!!!

I finally tried this place after hearing so many good things and I'm hooked. The first week I tried it.. I think I had it 4 times. haha. (Kinda embarrassing to say :X) 

I usually get the spicy chicken sandwich with all the fixin's and eat it with chick fil a sauce and buffalo. mmmmmm. The chicken is a huge piece and it's fried perfect! (Actually one time, it was way overdone. I let them know and they immediately cooked me a fresh one. I hope it didn't have spit in it, although they are so friendly and nice I doubt they would do something like that... or would they?)

The crisscut fries are soooo good. You can tell the oil they fry it in is fresh. They give you great service, it's clean and nice, they give you great extras, and they have community family events. Just feels like a wholesome place to be. :)
Kids Nite Tuesdays! Mascot, face painting, fun and more!  

The staff was so cool with all the kids. And CLEAN!  This location brought your order to your table, removed your tray and were just all around great! I even heard "my pleasure" when another customer asked for a refill. The staff member, Eric,  took the cup, refilled it and returned to the customer's table, smiling the whole time!  Both the young men working the dining area were polite and helpful.

The food was great too!  My son and I shared nuggets and waffle fries.  Okay he didn't share the waffle fries to much, I think I got one or two.

It was a great time for my son and I!
Excuse me, I didn't order this "doggie bag."

I'd always been a fan of Chick-Fil-A.  That is, until my recent visit.  I placed a drive thru order and waited my turn in line behind another vehicle ahead of me.  That vehicle had it's windows rolled down and two (cute!) dogs were in the back seat with their snouts peering out the window.  It seems the drive thru attendant couldn't resist their charms, reached out and allowed at least one of the dogs to lick the palm of her hand, undoubtedly smearing saliva.  When my turn at the window arrived, I was certain the drive thru attendant would first wash her hands before serving me, but that never occurred.

Please don't misunderstand.  I, myself, am a pet owner and love my furry friend.  In my own home I am always sure to wash my hands before touching food, utensils, kitchen surfaces, etc.  I was dumbfounded when I was expected to pay someone else for something I would not allow myself to do.

In the interest of full disclosure, the drive thru attendant did not prepare my food, but she did handle the packaging it came in which, in turn, I also needed to handle to have access to the food.  All I could think about was cross contamination.  Had I not been in a hurry, I would have brought this to the manager's attention instead of throwing away food which may have been very good under other circumstances.
Cleaner play area than McDonalds but smaller. But they also provide individual wipes next to the door. Milkshakes are thick and creamy. Inexpensive. Closed on Sundays, though.
Love Chick-Fil-A

After I had my baby last fall the hospital brought in some disgusting excuse for food. 

I delivered at CRH right down the street from Chick-Fil-A and asked my husband to please go get me a chicken sandwich. 

I have been to Chick-Fil-A lots of times and it is always good, but let me tell you folks, it tastes about a bajillion time better if you have just delivered a 9 pound baby!

I love how everyone at this location is SO polite. Whenever you say thank you they respond, "My pleasure."

I keep it simple. I like the plain chicken sandwich with pickles, waffle fries, and a diet Dr. Pepper. 

A total favorite!
The grilled chicken and berries salad is delicious. I know its a chain but this place does it right. Service is always impecable and the food is consistenly good. Waffle Fries are amazing as well.
Their food is good, and the sides are good.   

Now, on to the big 3:

Price:  Pretty typical, and non-effective in correcting the high prices of fast food.  A single diner can expect to pay $8-11 to eat one meal.  I'm guessing that no energy is expended to correct the high prices of one dinner meal.

Service:  Everyone I've talked to has been pleasant, and smiling, if even on an only-superficial basis.

Taste:  The chicken items taste just like chicken.  It's everything you would expect.  Nothing fantastic.

In Summation:  They close as early as 9pm, and ALSO on every Sunday.
What can I say except that I love this place. The food is good, the staff is friendly, the place is clean. 
 Even though it's fast food and deep friend in a billion calorie oil... I still feel better feeding my family REAL chicken instead of the creepy chicken paste McDonald's uses... O.o
Great chicken sandwiches and fries. Best lemonade in town. Politics aside, one mean chicken sandwich thats hard to beat. Some of the best customer service in the industry. Great family atmosphere.
Yummy every time! I can eat ths food every day!
LOVE LOVE LOVE Chick-fil-a.
Soap in the bathroom smells like nasty ass.
Gross. Does that sum it up? I will never eat ay Chick-Fil-A again.
Awesome food and excellent service in a fun family oriented environment.  Love this place.
Ooops, I did it again...And this time it was equally AWFUL. Why did I give it a second chance?
I should begin by stating, I love Chick-Fil-A.  I love the food, I love the soup, I love the family owned concept.  However...

I have never seen such poor customer service.  On duty was  a manager and a team leader.  There were, when we arrived, six people in the front and I could see four in the back.  By the time we had our order taken, we counted eight people up front.   Yet, no one was taking orders.  There were four chit-chatting to the side, a manager counting money...they were doing everything but assisting customers.  We waited as next in line for more than ten minutes, and my husband finally asked "Can you please wait on us?"

I don't expect perfect, but really, with that many,  people up front, someone should be able to ask if we want fries with that.
Best kid friendly place I've been to since I become a parent 5 yrs ago!!
This has to be my favorite fast food joint! I love love love their chicken! I always get their number 1 meal. It's their basic chicken sandwich with the world famous waffle fries. The customer service that you get their is stellar!  Oh, and they have the best sweet tea ever!
Chick-Fil-A has a Daddy/Daughter date night Aug 21st & 22nd - 4:30 / 5:30 & 6:30
Ugh. This place is conveniently located in my commute and I want so badly to like it!  I have has 3 bad experiences now. The people are friendly, but that doesn't make up for the poor quality of food!
Love their chicken strips and the buffalo sauce.  and their waffle fries!!! Super delicious!!! The customer service is always fantastic!!! So courteous and friendly!!!
For a fast food place this one is a top pick to go to. It has everything chicken and tastes so good. I've eaten the Asian salad with honey sesame dressing, the chicken biscuit, the chicken egg & cheese on sunflower multigrain bagel, chick fil a deluxe chicken sandwich, their classic chicken sandwich. All of them were definitely meant to be how it is sold as. Crispy chicken and tender. Smells appetizing. 

I like that they have the drive thru lines alternating style so the orders can be taken as it comes and in queue. Except for one time that I went the employee had a hard time hearing me to the point that someone who came after me on the other line got their order first while I was still ordering mine! And the other customer was confused as to why I was still ordering and didn't move forward in the drive thru line. Ha! If she only knew.... :/

I wish they were open on Sundays but I respect the resting day! :)
Drive thru was Daytona fast! 

Friday, just before 1:00pm, dreading the inevitable wait in line, but hold on a minute--is that two order lanes at the drive-thru?? Yes!  Seven cars ahead of me? Ugggh. So much for 2-lane efficiency. I'll check-in on Yelp to bide my time. "Who's honking at me?? Oh."  There is a two-car gap between me and the next car. Flash a guilty smile through the rear-view and a quick wave . . . no smile from that dude. "Wonder what Yelp fans think of this locale. . . ?" Another honk? A look to the rear view and then to my front. "What the hell?"  The girl in the drive thru window is literally leaning her head out the window, dangling my bag of chow in her hand as to say, "Come on Big Guy, you can do it!" I crap you negative, the drive thru took about 120 secs from green-to-checkered flag on a busy Friday at lunchtime. Impressive and appreciated!!!

Oh yeah . . . my chicken sammie and iced tea?? YUMMAY!!!!

I love Chick-fil-a . . . 

Cheers!
RS
I love all Chickfila due to the good food, quickness and the professionalism. This store was very low on the professionalism. Their microphones were overlapping on voices.I pulled up and when I told them they had a problem with the headsets Putting through two voices they just looked at me. Ok that's fine but then the girl with the brown braided head band was more interested in gossiping than my order. Had to ask for sauces (chickfilas everywhere else always ask first) and then I had to interrupt her mid gossip to remind her to get ketchup. They didn't even say thanks our bye. So rude. Never again!
Last week we stopped on a Thursday and got free breakfast entrees. In addition, we ordered a side of fruit. I decided to save the fruit, and held onto it until Friday. I was quite surprised to see mold on the strawberries. Yuck! Fortunately for me, I held onto my receipt and politely took the bad fruit to the establishment where I'd purchased it. Please note, that this is NOT the reason for this poor review. We stopped for breakfast again and sat in the drive-thru line for every bit of 8 mins; though it seemed liked 20. 

Why hold up the line for someone's missing waffle fries/tater tots? Why can't they pull to the side and have their meals brought out when ready? Sort of like their nameless neighbor on the East side of the building (eh'em!). There no apologies, no explanation or anything. I find it completely unacceptable to have customers waiting that long; but in the early am commute? Seriously? Who does that? Then, to top it off, we get 15 miles away to find that the key piece to those biscuit chicken bites is no where to be found. No honey! Even after it was confirmed that there was some in the bag. Argh!

The ONLY thing that Chick fil a can get me right now is a strawberry milkshake.
Great place for families. Toddler play area :) sadly a lot of older kids are in there  plowing past the toddlers & employees ignore it. Otherwise good prices & clean place.
They're always so friendly!!i absolutely love this place, they have the peach peach shakes(limited time) and their fries are amazing!!!!
Now you may ask me what is so special about this particular Baguette Express? Everyone knows Baguette Express is basically a sandwich shop offering baguettes (duh), baked potatoes, salads and sandwiches with a wide range of fillings and an affordable price. Nothing too exciting here right? 

Well this particular Baguette Express, which happens to be my local stocks MOUNTAIN DEW! Yes that sugary goodness that comes from what can only be the mountains of heaven is stocked here! I hate to say it, but a part of me has been completed by that discovery. At 1.30 a can you can enjoy the sweet nectar that you once only enjoyed in America (or other foreign countries which stock it). On close inspection of the can it seems it is imported from Poland. Genius, just genius. Now if they would start to stock Cheetos and Lays I could sit quite happily and get fat.

Oh and you could pick up a baguette too, I guess they are pretty good. But Mountain Dew!!!
Great service very friendly staff this particular shop is spotless clean unlike some other takeaways in this area try the spicy soup that is often on the menu it's excellent
Possibly the best name for a shop ever, Rotato delivers what it promises - potatoes cooked while rotating slowly on a spit roast. (See what they did there?). Located so close to the university its silly, Rotato is a fairly new place hidden away under a cafe - but dont be put off by this. When I first entered Rotato I was shocked - I had been expecting a small, dark counter and not much more. Instead I found a modern eating area, bar type service area and beautiful furnishings. Stunning. Of course, you can take out as well, but I'm not sure you would want to!

I really cannot give any higher praises for this place-. The potatoes are cooked to perfection - crispy on the outside and fluffy and light on the inside - just how a baked potato should be, but so few places manage to get it right.

Rotato admittedly, have one downfall - it only has a selection of 7 fillings for your potatoes, but these fillings are simply sublime - well thought out, stunningly tasty and sometimes even odd combinations that work so well its a suprise you have never though of it before. There are being new fillings added to the menu all the time, but the ones that are available now are absolutly perfect. Having tried the entire menu now, I would suggest going for the adventurous sounding 'Aussie Mongrel' - chilli, coleslaw, cheese and sour cream. Mmmmmm.

I love this place, I really do, and I wish that Yelp could give some sort of extra special sixth star - this place deserves it!
My life is full of boring assessments at this moment and you can tell this has happened when my only highlight of the day is a baked potato. But let me tell you why:

I followed the smell of baked potatoes and there it was an underground baked potato shop! I thought I had found a well known secret, but as my friendly pointed out, the place was full, which was probably helped by its big red sign. 

Swallowing my pride as a secret hot spot locator, I loved their  baked potatoes perfectly crisp skins with white fluffy inside! They really don't have a huge selection of fillings as Jonathan M. pointed out, but you will find that the ones they do have are very good indeed. Perhaps we are spoilt with having too much choice but bad quality it comes to a surprise to us when this balance is reversed.

Having said that, the girl who served me seemed to be having a very bad day and was very unfriendly. However, this baked potato shop left an impression and was certainly not like other baked potato shops in the area- the interior was clean and modern with some sitting area as well. 

Do you understand now what I mean about highlight?
Handily located underneath the excellent Press Coffee and right by all the central area uni buildings, Rotato (great name) is a nice little place for a Friday lunchtime treat. I say that because it's bloody expensive. 

They give all the fillings stupid, irritating names like The Vespa (chicken, pesto, rocket) and The Bigos (sauerkraut and pork). But if you can overlook this little mishap you're staring at a huge, crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, delicious filling packed baked potato. They really are the best potatoes I've had. They cook them in a rotating oven to maximize even crispyness.

The fillings are good, the staff a great and the potatoes are excellent. It's just a shame it's so expensive, otherwise I'd go all the time.
The potato was SUPERB. It was huge and filling, really crispy on the outside and smooth on the inside. Had the chicky pea topping which was really lovely, but I am wondering if the chickpea salad was the as the one that is supplied in every deli/sandwich shop in Edinburgh. (The company I am thinking of does a spicy bean pate which is quite nice, comes in little square containers for regular shoppers to buy)

I am not saying that this is necessarily a bad thing, because the chickpea salad was lovely and there is skill to sourcing good ingredients and suppliers, however, the menu in Rotato is small and limited - it would be nice if the items on it were home-made rather than bought in. 

All in all a great lunch, was kept wonderfully sated for the rest of the afternoon!
Without a doubt Rotato offer a good baked potato, cooked on a rotisserie until the skin is crisp, while the inside remains soft and fluffy it almost doesn't need any filling.  However fillings are offered and if I am honest they are a little generic (essentially predefined combos of standard sandwich/potato fair) and it is a little pricy compared to other baked potato offerings in a student focussed area... 

Still as long as they keep cooking the potatoes as well as they do I will keep coming back for a decent filing hot lunch.
Can't go wrong with the Vespa (v.). Heaped with toppings on a sizeable jacket potato.
An underground baked potato shop!  Set underneath French Press, they do the best baked potatoes with crispy skin as they're all cooked on a rotisserie.  The insides are always soft and fluffy.  They have a list of fillings that you can select from, rather than just choosing what you would like although they are always happy to mix it up a bit.  As they're that bit more lovely than a microwaved potato from a sandwich shop, be prepared to pay that bit more than average - the cheapest is 3.50.  You can also sit in (there's probably about 8 seats) and enjoy the music (usually rock - I sat through an entire Pearl Jam album one lunchbreak) and the cute prints on the wall or take your potato upstairs to French Press.
I walk past here every time I leave uni, and the smell that is emitted from this underground baked potato shop leaves me feeling in desperate need of food. Only once have I given into this, usually I just tell myself not to waste money, and cycle home.

The lovely people at rotato cook their potatoes on a spit roast, which it would seem the perfect way to produce a potato which is soft and fluffy on the inside, and crispy on the outside. The fillings are fresh and tasty, and the staff are thoughtful enough to ask whether you want butter, salt, pepper etc.

My boyfriend had smoked cheese and beans, I had hummus and roast vegetables. Both were delicious, filling, and probably the best baked potato shops available in Edinburgh.

The only downsides: 

-Very few filling options, I feel this could easily be remedied... Given that this place only serves baked potatoes, surely they could offer a few more exotic fillings, like tangine, dahl, feta and spinach? Maybe I am asking for too much, but rotato feels trendy enough to offer a few more fillings.

-There isn't much space. During a uni lunch hour, you'd be hard pushed to find a table, and if you do, expect to budge as soon as you've eaten to make room for someone else. This wouldn't stop me coming though; I might just go for a takeaway next time.
This place is so ridiculously close to uni that I was always shocked it wasn't busier when I went in.

It's cheap and the food is good. I mean, hellooooo, baked potatoes? Who doesn't love baked potatoes?

The options are few but they're damn good options. I think that would be its only vice: limited options. A make-your-own option would also be nice but considering the space and the prices, I'm pretty happy with how it is already.
The first time I tried this place it was purely out of convenience, as it's 2 seconds' walk from my flat, but now I get takeaways from there simply because it's soooooo good!

In fact, the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the hour or so you usually have to wait if you order on a friday or saturday night. But that iin itself should give you an indication of how popular this place is. It's mainly a restaurant, and although I've always got my food to takeaway every time I go to collect it at least half the tables are occupied, and there's a nice buzz to the place.

I sound like a complete takeaway-food junkie... I assure you I'm not! In fact I'm really high-maintenance and fussy when it comes to getting a carry-out: I don't do it often, so when I do I like to know that it's going to be good.

Their crispy seaweed starter is definitely something you should try, even if you've had it before. The portion is enormous, for one thing, and it's so crispy and fresh-tasing it's hard to believe you just served it out of a disposable tupperware box! As far as main courses go, there are way to many that I love, so I'm not going to try and pick just one to describe on here. If you still have room at the end though, you have to try their various Toffee-d fruits. 

They ask that you allow 30 minutes prep time for this, which is great because a) it means that the toffee is freshly-made, and b) you have a chance to digest some of your dinner by the time it arrives!

They do  la carte, as well as pre-theatre and a special banquet, depending how much you want to spend.
A great little place that's supremely popular with the local chinese community.

I'll get the bad out of the way first. The place looks like a 4 year old decorated it, but its kinda cute. We did also have to wait a while for the food to come out, but the waiter did warn us they were busy.,

What did they get right? Everything else. Specifically, the House Special Curry. It tastes a little tame at first, but give it 3 seconds and you'll be having mouth orgasms.

I've been told that the take away is a little slow, but it's getting better every time.
Known simply as Karen Wongs to many Edinburgh uni students, this restaurant is quite popular for its duck! And the characterful Karen Wong of course.

The verdict is split on Mrs Wong, but I think she's a really amusing lady.. who just likes to talk a lot .. about anything.

A friend and I wandered in here for the first time out of boredom (I'm quite frequently bored!) and the menu seemed reasonable enough.
While my food was alright, it wasn't the greatest first experience; when my friend's food arrived, it was the furthest away from her order you could possibly go.

Later on we'd be told how silly we were to not just go for the duck, as most people choose to do at Karen Wongs. Somestimes it's not even debatable. Karen Wongs = Duck. Which is absolutely delicious! 

For any other dish I would say the food doesn't really stand out compared to the other Chinese restaurants in Edinburgh, but where the duck is concerned, it is a MUST try!
Right around the corner from me is Karen Wong's which re-affirmed my faith in Chineses. Like the prodigal son, it had strolled away upon tasting the shite that is most chinese food in Edinburgh, but he came galavanting back when I got a takeaway from here. The menu is a little more generous than most, offerering a wide range of dishes. I tried the beef chow mein (with udon noodles instead) and the prawn rolls. The rolls were a little greasy but really good and the noodles were excellent. Since then I have tried quite a few things on the menu and have been impressed with all of them. Bear in mind the starters are not quite as good as the main courses.

I have not eaten in there, and am not particularly inclined to as I live so close, but also it is pretty tacky dcor inside. They also throw a few pounds more onto each dish to eat in, which is fair enough. Every time I have been in there I have been greeted by Karen herself (it's like meeting a celebrity) who is really friendly and makes sure you're happy with what you are getting. The customer service is generally great all round in fact.

Overall it is one of the better Chinese restaurants in Edinburgh, relying on flavouring as opposed to grease, always a nice change.
Karen Wong is crazy, but her food right on the money! I was there for a stag night in a back function room and the staff were friendly and the service very quick. Pretty basic inside decor wise but at least prices reflect this.
Karen Wong's is one of my favourite chinese restaurants ... probably because Karen is such a big character, she makes you feel like you're a long lost relative every time you visit.

The food is really good too, whether you're eating in or having a takeaway.

I look forward to every visit and have had lots of great times here with friends.
Yum. Yum.  Yum.  Just polished off our first takeaway dinner from Karen Wong's, a 10 minute walk from our house.  That has to be some of the best casual Chinese food we've had in a looooong time.  

If you've read my other Edinburgh Chinese food review, you can understand that we've not eaten such food since moving here in February.

Here's what we ordered: 

Spring rolls:  generous portion size, crispy, great mild flavor.  

Cashew chicken:  husband demolished his, so I can't comment on the taste or quality, but he repeated said how great it was :)

Aubergine bean curd:  they customized the chicken with aubergine for me with bean curd, in a sweet bean sauce.  Can I just say how well aubergine & bean curd taste together with just the right sauce?  I'm not vegetarian, but this is one of my favorite Chinese dishes, so when I can't find it on a menu, I frequently try to order it anyway! Here it's listed under the poultry section of the menu, and I just asked for bean curd instead of chicken.  I don't know where they buy their bean curd, but it had a flavor I didn't recognize (and loved) and my only improvement on the dish would be more bean curd.

Sweet & sour chicken:  for the non-Chinese-food-eating (yet) daughters.  I don't fuss at them to order something else, because that is all I liked at Chinese restaurants at their age ..... um, probably until university I'm embarrassed to admit.

Side orders of rice & noodles:  don't order too many sides of rice, the portions are large.  I think one would have been enough for two adults. 

When we eat in, we're ordering dessert:  I will dream tonight about the toffee apples:  battered fried apple pieces wokked with sugar ..... mmmmmm.   And the various fruit fritters .....

As for the proprietress, she was charming and welcoming, and rather  interested in: 1) was I visiting Edinburgh (I'm American, and quite obviously so!)  2) where did I live?  3) how long would I be living here?  and  4) had I been in the establishment previously, as she did not remember me.    As I have variations of this conversation many times throughout any given day, I don't find it intrusive, just pleasantly friendly.  I would much rather do business in my general neighborhood with people I'm getting to know and who are getting to know me.  She seemed to know everyone else coming and going.

Planning to be regulars!



We're not terribly adventurous Chinese cuisine experts, so if you're looking for a review of something less pedestrian than this, keep looking.
I live just around the corner from Karen Wongs yet have only had a few take aways from there (and this was maybe 2 years ago) So on the 2nd of January when I went out with my brothers and father this seemed like a good bet as it looked warm and inviting. 

We were seated by Karen herself who is quite the character. She was immediately telling us stories about customers and being quite funny about how exactly we should take our seats. Hot towels were brought to thaw noses and fingers which I felt was a great little touch making you feel very welcome.

The decor is very cosy and although the tables are close together you don't feel like you're imposing on anyone. 

A very nice bottle of Chilean red was ordered and brought along in a warming bucket. Wine was a little more expensive than I'd hoped but still very fair for a restaurant.

We all ordered a main:
Sweet and sour chicken - Great sauce and perfectly cooked veg and chicken
Spicy crispy beef - Just awesome
Special chow mien  - plenty of meat. Well cooked and not oily. Fresh tasting.
Duck with prawn stuffing - An interesting dish that was new to all of us!

We also ordered noodles and rice to share on the side.

We all ate with rice bowls and chop sticks which I always feel makes the experience more interesting and engaging for everyone.

The staff were incredibly fast, courteous and always quick to smile, laugh and clean up any little spills (see above note about chopsticks!). Service was very quick which means that this place would be good for just popping into for a quick meal.

The portions were huge and the rice and noodles almost perfectly matched our appetites to the last strand/grain. We were all very full despite only having a main. 
The food was delicious and we all felt VERY full.

All in all would recommend a visit. I will certainly be going back once I have some cash again!

Just remember that Karen is lovely if a bit "colourful" and that they close on Mondays.
The food was not bad but not amazing. Good service though-seemed a bit understaffed but the food came really really fast.  The vermicelli Singapore style was not bad and the lemon chicken was alright as well.  The free chocolates at the end was really good.
The only business I've rates 5 stars. 

Delicious food, vegan and gluten-intolerant friendly, WONDERFUL service. Waitress (owner?) was lively and full of cheer. 

Prices per portion size (quite large) are good too. 

I hope this restaurant sees many more customers to satisfy in the coming years!

Happy new year!
Have been a customer of Karen Wong's since her days at Meadowbank and still choose to make the trip to her Pleasance restaurant over going elsewhere. She is completely bonkers, delightfully daft and mad as a brush - more energy than a dozen Duracell bunnies - but she is more than just a lively hostess with a quirky sense of fun. She never forgets a face and remembers everyone who has been to her restaurant before. She remembers your favourite meals and pays attention to detail that is both reassuring and welcoming. The food at Karen's is of a consistently high quality, portion sizes always more than adequate and the range of menu is great. 

Just my favourite Chinese restaurant in the city. You won't ever forget the experience once you've been!
Were it not for the wacky infectiousness of the owner, I doubt Karen Wong's would be as highly rated as it is, the seafood dishes are deservedly standout, the more classic (british) chinese chicken, beef or pork dishes are sweater than they should be and definitely not the best I have had.

Unlike some I actually found Karen's comedy routine a bit wearing and it strikes me as a rather effective way of distracting diners from the time it can take to get the food out, and lets them staff the restaurant with fewer folk. People who act the fool rarely are, particularly those who own and run a business...

Perhaps I am being overly critical here, however what I am sure of is that most of the food is ok to good rather than great. All in all, go to Karen Wong's for the experience, but there are better Chinese establishments in Edinburgh.
My family and I stumbled upon Karen Wong Chinese Restaurant on our walk from the flat we were staying at during our trip to Edinburgh.  It's a small restaurant which I feel caters mostly to take-away customers but thankfully they do offer the option to dine in.  We were served by Karen Wong herself which I found was friendly and helpful when it came to ordering our food.  Other waitresses along with herself checked in on us regularly which was appreciated.  

Food was good and was set at a reasonable price.  We enjoyed the Hot and Sour Soup, Wonton soup along with the Mao Po Tofu which definitely warmed us up on that cold Scottish evening!
Kentucky Fried...something.

Chicken Cottage's are starting to pop up everywhere these days and I'm not sure if thats a good idea. I curiously popped into this branch the other day looking for something different. I had previously tried Halal meat before and wasn't keen, but then again that was plastered in sweet BBQ sauce and served with fries. 

The food is good for what it is, cheap fast food. It doesn't taste any different from anything Colonel Sanders. Fills a hole and makes you feel bloated when you're done. Perfect!

The only thing I'll say is that the hygiene is terrible. Tables were sticky, spills were left on the floor and the toilets where only heroes dare to venture inside.

This place could compete with KFC, if they buy a Mop!
This place might sound like a cheap and nasty grease-ball of a fast  food place trying to give the illusion of home comfort, but it's actually got some pretty good, tasty food on offer.  Surprisingly, very little of their chicken is actually fried, setting them apart from KFC, and most of it is grilled or barbecued.  Their chicken burgers are delicious and this is because the burgers themselves are made with 100% chicken breast.  Obviously the batter have a whole bunch of fat and salt in it, but the actual meat inside is good stuff.  
I had a Mighty Box which is a chicken burger, a side, fries, some fried chicken and a drink for under a fiver.  I love Ribena and they thankfully were able to throw this into the deal instead of the usual bloating coke.  
This is a great alternative to KFC in terms of price, quality and (lack of) grease.
Fast food tends to means fast death. Places like Chicken Cottage see to that. Cheap chicken that in life was so far removed from its natural environment, and filled with so much crap, we can hardly say it was alive enough for us to kill it. Top that off with some extra grease, sugar, and salt, and you're onto a winner. That's why it tastes "good" after all.

I suppose the appeal of Chicken Cottage is that its so convenient and relatively cheap. I'm glad these places haven't taken off in the same way here as they have in the US where getting a chicken meal is actually cheaper than making your own food, to the detriment of the poor. I didn't even find the interior of Chicken Cottage very appealing, it was quite dirty and not particularly welcoming.

If you want quick, cheap, stomach filling (nay, bursting) food, and you don't really care where your food came from/where its going, then Chicken Cottage might still have some appeal.
As much as I try, I can't sink my teeth into Chicken Cottage at all.

They are always situated in downtrodden areas which don't endear them to me, and although this one isn't in the worst part of Edinburgh I can't shake that image. This branch is well kept and looks a bit nicer from the outside, but I still remain a bit wary of the food.

Chicken Cottage sells fast food at its fastest, and with that you know what to expect. I've never had a horrible meal from here since it's cooked properly, and it's cheap so it's better value for money than the likes of McDonalds, but even then it's not my favourite place to go. 

It's not a relfection on the staff in this particfular branch, and I admire the way this franchise started out from humble beginnings in London. But I just can't warm to it, which is a matter of taste I guess. Not bad if you're looking for something ultra cheap, quick and easy, but it's a poor man's KFC with a hint of gloom about it. I don't know if it's because their shops seem to pop up in sketchy areas but at the end of the day it's just another fast food place.

The meat is halal though, which at least offers something a bit different that McDonalds and KFC can't.
I rarely venture into Princes Mall but one rainy day not so long ago I was waiting for a delayed train and was feeling more than just a little peckish. I wandered around Princes Mall to get out off the rain and to see if I could find somewhere to satisfy my hunger... it was then that I found Spud U Like, a tasty baked potato with a huge choice of filling; perfect!

I opted for beans and cheese and my spud hit the spot perfectly, I devoured it in record time and if I'm honest I could probably have eaten another one but it was time to go get my train. They seem a pretty health conscious bunch and there's a chart to tell you how many calories is contained within your tattie but it wasn't really top of my list of priorities when my stomach was rumbling with hunger.

You can't beat a baked potato and the tatties here are delish!
I'm partial to a tater here and there, so was quite happy to put up with the horrendous surroundings of Prince's Mall in order to stuff my face with one. It was the option of chilli con carne that did it, a menu choice peculiarly unavailable at Tempting Tattie a few minutes up the road.

When they piled on the cheese, then the chilli, I was quite literally foaming tthe mouth with anticipation, and o the disappointment that followed was all the more heartbreaking. The chilli was lukewarm, meaning it didn't melt the cheese, and both ingredients just tasted a little bit off. Not horrendous enough for me to fail to polish off every last morsel, but a letdown nonetheless.

It was a little bit expensive too, but I did enjoy my side order of garlic bread. Passable, but on this occasion not worth the misery of Prince's Mall.

Somewhat embarrassingly, it was only in a review the other night that I stated my enthusiasm for giving Spud U Like a try. There's really no better feeling in the world than getting your comeuppance.
There are a lot of really good baked potato places throughout Edinburgh. Unfortunatly, Spud-U-Like isnt one of them.

Aside from having a name that grates on me so much it hurts, its also located in the ghastly Princes Mall food court - which, while I dont mind in a broad sense, I would rather not spend a huge amount of time in. 

The food itself is ab it below par - its not the best quality, and not the best tastin, nor the warmest food you'll ever eat (yuck! cold beans on my jacket potato!) - but it is on the cheaper side.

However, when you take into account the best baked potato shop in the entire city is a five minute walk away at the top of Cockburn street, even that last positive point pales into insignificance.
Was waiting for a bus after getting off the train and with time to spare went into Princess Mall.  (Why do Brits have to give everything royal names?!)  

I hadn't been to a Spud U Like in many years so when I saw the one in the food court there, I had to re-live the old days of hanging out in Exeter and having a spud with tons of a topping on it.

There were the two of us and I was boring and had the sour cream and chives, while Sylvia had baked beans.  I thought it strange that a Slovak would order baked beans, or even know what baked beans were.  (Do they really bake them?)  I actually got Meal A, which was the topped up tater and a drink.  Well, the drink was a soda but I wanted a coffee, so had to pay 40 pence more.  

Both spuds were delicious!  The service was fast and the young man working there was also very nice, pleasant, chatty.  It was a fine distraction before the bus to the airport.
Dear Chick-fil-A,

Your waffle fries are delicious, as are your chicken sandwiches.  

Love, 

Sean

p.s.  I'm scared to try your breakfast menu, because it just looks like a tiny chicken sandwich on a biscuit, which sounds pretty effing weird to me.  Actually, it sounds delicious.  I've changed my mind, Chick-fil-A, I will have one of your odd breakfast things as soon as I get the chance.
Num, num, num.   For fast food one of the better choices you can make
Always good service and the drive thru moves pretty fast even when there's a line.
-Fast service! Drive-thru line moves quickly.

-Consistantly friendly service.

-Delicious for being fast food! The quality is way better than Taco Bell or McDonald's.

-Dipping sauces are surprisingly very good for being fast food.

-Love the cole slaw and the waffle fries!

-This is located in the Lowe's Shopping Center at the SW CORNER of Dysart & McDowell. CLOSED on SUNDAYS.
pricey but good.
 I have always really liked Chick-Fil-A, but don't eat there a whole lot because they are pricier than the other fast food options out there
Great service and tasty food.  YUM YUM YUM!
Fast and friendly, and can you say YUM?!!!  LOVE Chick-fil-A!
Not such a fan of the chicken, but I do like the waffle fries. I don't like for the breading on my chicken to taste like honey mustard. Also pretty pricey compared to other fast food. The wifi at this location was decent, by wifi standards. Employees were all friendly, but I think next time I'll hit up the In and Out nearby instead.
great service!! one of the best fast food place ever.......
My first taste of chick fil a in YEARS. It was going great until they forgot the mayo.
Love Chick-fil-A! Been a Raving Fan for almost 6 years. When it comes to customer service and atmosphere, it just doesn't get any better than Chick-fil-A. It's more than just a transaction, it's an experience. Great family environment and healthy choices.
Love this place! The employees here are all so friendly and they keep the restaurant clean! My son loves to play in the children's play area and that is also very well kept. We enjoy the food and love the service, the drive thru never has a ridiculous wait time either. Very pleased all around.
Really disappointed. Me and my son went thru the drive thru at Dysart location here in West Phoenix, not five minutes from my house. It was about 9:20 or so and we must have gotten everyones leftovers that had been under the lamp for an hour. The waffle fries cold, hard and dry. The sandwich was cold and bread hard around edges. We hadn't gone in a while but my son said," this is not what I remember." I tried calling and of course they were closed. My son had just gotten off off work and was hungry so he ate his two sandwiches and I lost my appetite, and am so upset I put my food in the bag and will wake up extra early tomorrow to take it back and speak to manager. If they want to leave early they shouldn't make a batch and let them sit there, close early. The last customer deserves  fresh food as the first customer of the day. I work hard for my money, I paid 18.00 for two #1 combos and extra sandwich, it's expensive but I used to think it was worth a treat once in a while. Think about it, if someone gets paid 9.00 and hour they had to work 2 hours tp pay for that, if they earn 18.00 it's still an hour of work to pay for your food, forget about minimum wage! Lets remember they are taking more taxes from our checks now, most people I know have lost 100.00 and more off each check. We deserve hot fresh food!!!
As far as the food goes, this place is like any other Chick-fil-a.  I come here b'c the service is usually better than other fast food joints.  Today's occasion though, not so much.  I had just come from the doctor's office and wasn't "all there" so I was a little slow and stumbly getting my order together, I admit it.  The lady who took my order seemed so impatient and annoyed with me.  I even apologized as I ordered but no reaction from this woman.  I guess maybe she was having a bad day, too.  See, I can be understanding.  I don't know why she wasn't.
Love the tasty chicken sandwiches and love the great service!
After many months of hearing how delicious Chick-fil-A is I was in the area so I decided to give it a try. Since I have never been here before I bought a regular chicken sandwich, chicken nuggets and some waffle fries for my son and I to share so we could try a variety of things. 
The service in the drive thru was friendly and quick. I was in and out in no time. The food on the other had left a lot to be desired. To me the fries were a little undercooked but still decent. The chicken nuggets were cooked pretty good and seasoned well. The chicken sandwich was so dry I could barely gag it down. Even after adding some sauce to it, it was still dry. Bottom line it was ok. Nothing I would drive far to get because honestly I could go to Carl's JR and get a better chicken sandwich right by my house. Maybe I expected to much because of how everyone raves about it. I probably won't be back.
Chick-fil-A is always at least 4 stars in my book, as we don't have it in Vegas.  We're sinners, we don't deserve it.  Pulled off to this Chick-fil-A for my out of town fix on the way to Arizona, and my 12 piece nugget was one of the worst I remembered.  I don't know if it was because I was in Goodyear or because they were just closing, but they were too crispy.  Still enjoyable, but man it was not the CFA experience I desired.
I had to get my Chick-fil-A fix looks like everyone else had my thought place is packed
After traveling home from California on Monday 10/14. My daughter and I pulled into this establishment at 9:30pm. We were greeted by the one and only "Unique" YES, that is her name.  What a beautiful person she truly is.  She was so friendly and we had a straight out, honest to goodness conversation with her.  Thank you Unique for being such a beautiful person. Someone please give her employee of the year or a BIG raise!
This Chick-fil-A is a GREAT location! Their service is always speady, food is always fresh, and the customer service is great! love coming here!! 

also..the spicy chicken sandwhich is delicous! :)
Our favorite place on cheat days. Fresh fruit and chicken strips. But everyone loves Chick-fil-a! Staff here is awesome and friendly. On busy lunch rushes, they even have people outside taking orders to speed things along. Awesome customer service!
Great service at lunch time you get in and out even through the drive thru.  Food os always excellent.
Yum. Quick service even when busy.
Rediscovering chick-fil-a. Love the chicken nuggets and chicken sandwiches.  this place is addicting, seriously what so they put in the chicken breeding! I used to have this all the time back in college and now I remember why.  What a refreshing blast from the past.
Too bad they're closed on sunday. Definitely better than mcdonalds. I love this place!
I love Chick-fil-A. The only people that don't haven't been there. This restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly (as usual). My kids meal was exactly to my liking...but no surprise there.

Overall, this is the only fast food establishment I choose to go to.
This is the best location of theirs I've been to.  Great and I mean GREAT customer service from beginning to end.  Kids area is well kept and the staff is very accommodating to the little ones.  I am a big fan of chickfila already, this place just validates my thought process.  

Well done!
It's common knowledge that you're more likely to find a goose that lays a golden egg than find good value in a train station food stall. For the most part. The Pasty Shop is a perfect example of this, which can be shown by comparing some like-for-like prices to the utterly magnificent Piemaker just 10 minutes walk away.

Sausage Roll

Pasty Shop 2.50
PieMaker 0.55

Cornish Pasty 

Pasty Shop 2.70
Piemaker 1.10

Coffee 

Pasty Shop 9.50 (or thereabouts)
Piemaker 1.19

You get the drift. To my astonishment however, there was one bargain to be had, which I snapped up in seconds.

A huge cup of potato wedges for 1.65. I'm not sure if this is a genuine bargain, but for a train station it's certainly not bad. They were even quite tasty.
There must be one of these places in every train station in the UK now - and as such, the guy who came up with the idea of selling pasties at 3-4 a pop must be laughing like a maniac as he rows a boat over a vast lake of commuters cash.  I would recommend that the best situation to eat them in is a freezing cold winters day when you havnt had a bite to eat and you are facing a long journey. Then you could get a pasty from here. it also would help if you had recently won the lottery.

The pasties, admittadly, are pretty damn good - and there are often some very odd choices to be made (Do i go for conservative Cornish Pasty or radical Chicken Balti Pasty!?!?). They are hot, filling and tasty.

Shame then that they are so expensive.
Damn, this place is expensive!! When I was on my way home after my second year exams I stopped off for a pasty from here just before I got on the train.  3.70 for a steak and pepper pasty and a bottle of coke!! I didn't expect much less as it is right in the middle of Waverley Station, but it's still pretty jaw dropping.  
Nonetheless, the pasties are straight out of Cornwall and taste amazing.  Further, the guy has a great range of them, from vegetarian peppers and potato to chicken and gravy.  The steak in mine was delicious and obviously god quality with no tough or sinewy bits in it.  
Their portions aren't massive and to have a good, filling lunch it'd cost you a fiver at the very least.  The quality is great though so if you're in a rush and don't mind the extra cost then this is the place.
Let's get the bad news out of the way first - The pasties at this wee stall in Waverly Train Station are probably double the price you'll pay at Greggs.

The good news is - they usually taste at least ten times better than Greggs. The pastry is more golden and flaky and the fillings have more depth and flavour. 

On a sunny day, you can also come out of the station, cross the road and enjoy your pasty within the peace and tranquility of Princes St Gardens. You might want to pick up a fork to keep the pigeons at bay though. Once they get a sniff of your steak and ale pasty, they're bound to want a bite themselves.
I've never been to this stall before guessing that they where pretty expensive but what the hell there must be less calories in a pasty than a KFC, ordered my pasty with a smile but that soon disappeared when the till went ding paying with a five pound not there was not a lot of change left for the bus fare. The pasty was nice but left me trying to work out the GP% that they where making, must have been a lot. 
This kiosk is expensive but probably worth it.
Didn't have a lot to compare to, but it worked fine for a quick breakfast to take on the train. Had the traditional cornish beef pasty. Served hot and fresh. Nice for a quick grab and carry. Can we bring one of these back to the states?
This place has the worst service hands down. I mean I have no expectations really for fast food, in fact my only expectation is shitty service but this place goes beyond bad. In addition the playarea is always disgusting. I saw a kid puke on the floor and they put up the yellow wet floor signs and went back to the cash register. Other times like today a table looked like a vegas buffet tornado had touched down scattering fries and chunks of burger everywhere. Hey yah know what pick up after your kids people, two minutes thats all and make your hellions help. But still even though the parents shoulda cleaned up, god knows how long its been sitting there trashed. The syrup was out on EVERYTHING, no joke! I told the manager and he did nothing. But he did refell my cup from the drive through machine.
I usually stay away from mcdonalds and when I do, I stay away from the fries and just get the big mac. Every mcdonalds is pretty consistant but when I ate here, the bread was hard, the burger was messy, and one of the worst big mac I've ate. It's right near my school so I go here but not very good.
When I'm too lazy to drive over the Craig location, I go to this one. I've only used the drive thru, it was quick, efficient, polite and has yet to get my order wrong.
Poison stay away unless u want die early from that garbage they serve
My favorite McDonalds. I have been to a gazillion ones but I always keep comparing them to my home Mcdonalds. 

This is the location where they are consistently friendly and the COOKIES are always warm and freshly baked! 

Plus now they offer CRISPY CHICKEN WINGS and it's so good! I grew up in the Philippines where they would offer chicken and rice combos and I would miss it. So yay! They would also sometimes offer free samples like apple pie. Awesome!
Yes, so it's fast food with a mediterranean twist, but at the end of the day it's still fast food.

It does all the usual greasy finger food staple, like burgers and pizza, but they also do some tasty greek-inspired dishes as well. Personally, I love anything with cheese, sun-blushed tomato, aubergine or avocado in it, but I can't help but thinking this is just yet another fast food place in a part of the city where there are already way too many.

It's not open late at night, so it's not ideal for your munchies when it's chucking-out time in the pubs, but if you're after a greasy grab-and-go lunch then you might want to give it a try.
This place fails to adhere to my cardinal rule about fast food restaurants - never put out of date, sun bleached pictures of your crappy food in the window as a means of attracting business.

Constantinople tries to provide to those who want greasy chips and bugers and other traditional post-pub food as well as providing to those who want falafel and other greek/mediterranean foods. As such, it doesnt really do well at providing either. You know what they say - jack of all trades, master of none.

As a word of advice - for those who want greasy food, head to one of the many chippies further down the street, and for those who wan humous and falafel, head to Mediterranean gate, like 4 doors down.
I've not had the poorest of experiences in here, but it's not my favourite place to go, either.

As the other reviewers have said, it's fast food. I'm a bit sickened by the amount of places in the heart of Edinburgh that offer nothing more than a pizza steeped in grease. What's worse is when owners try to tart the menu up by saying it's "Greek", or whatever. Just be honest about it - it's fast food, and you're cashing in on the roaring tourist trade that you know you'll do. It's not classy but there's also nothing wrong with that.

I had a pizza from here once. It was nice - I certainly didn't find it off putting - but I wasn't buzzing to blog about it. It did the job since I was in a snacky mood, but there are far better places of this ilk to eat in Edinburgh.

It's not bad, but I'm a little tired of fast food being the predominant dish of Scotland. We have so much to offer, and yet half of the places near the Royal Mile want us to coat our organs in deep fried cuisine.
Constantinople offers some pretty poor food which almost certainly won't be appreciated unless you're wasted.  I've been here twice, once on the way home from a night out, another sober about a fortnight ago.  
The neon sign in the window doesn't bode well and the place just feels dark and depressing inside.  The menu has exactly what you would expect in the way of fast food with pizzas, kebabs and falafels.  I went for a chicken kebab with hummus which was disappointingly dry.  Further, it seems that most of what they serve is lathered in grease.  
Having said this, it's not got anything which you wouldn't expect from a standard takeaway and the prices are cheap.  Still, the food's pretty bad!
To say this is a cafe is a bit misleading - it's a takeaway. There are a few metal chairs and tables inside, but unless it's three in the morning and you're drunk I can't see why you'd want to sit and have lunch in here. I'm not usually a fusspot but it's hardly glamourous.

Ally's serves up your usual token takeaway foods. Kebabs, chips and pizza are all glorified in here under the strip lighting. You get hit with a waft of the latter as you stand at the door, and my heart almost gave out just at the smell of it. It's a bit of a greasefest.

I bit too heavy on my belly on a summer's day, maybe it would've been different if I had a blazing hangover and was in need of something ridiculously unhealthy but also satisfying. I don't like takeaway as much as I used to and even though it wasn't bad for what it is, I'd much rather settle for something of quality these days than cheap kebabby thrills.

For a takeaway it's alright - I wouldn't steer clear of it. It's cheap enough and if you order over 30 online you get a free bottle of coke. But this wouldn't be my first port of call if I was looking for some grub. Not my last, either, but nothing to write home about. Cheap and comme ci comme ca, I could take it or leave it.
As was pointed out by Marj. C, this place is a take away, not a cafe selling yuppies continental coffee and croissants. Instead think chips, greasy pizza's and kebabs. 

To be honest, i Have only ever been in here once - and found that its just a standard counter and see-through glass box thing where the food is kept with a few chairs.

The real glory is the fact you can order your food online and have it delivered. And what food it is - the kebabs are not your  usual grease drenched dog leg, they are well cooked and as far as I can tell - pretty fresh and good quality. The chips are good too, as are the prices - but be warned, while I am praising this place for its online service - the actual staff are a bit moody and often rude. 

Still, you come here for the food, right - and thats good!
Disappointed with this place.  Have tried a few times to give them the benefit of the doubt, but too many times there have been problems.  The latest problem being they had run out of something (called me to tell me), then an hour late I called to see what was happening and the driver had been stopped by the police.  When it finally arrived, I was expected to pay for cold pizza.  I'm fed up with this place quite frankly.
If the caf out of Eastenders were real, I'm pretty sure this is what it would be like. I've never seen somewhere that better sums up the definition of "good old greasy-spoon caf" as well as Brambles.

It's only just opened, and I assumed it would be yet another of these sandwich/wrap/panini type places that Edinburgh is crawling with, but I was very wrong. Although Brambles do offer things like baked potatoes and paninis, their specialty is anything fried served with chips and buttered bread. And I mean literally everything - from good old chicken nuggets, chips and beans to remind you of school dinner days, to friend haggis and chips and mushy peas.

They did have some slightly healthier options on the menu, like lasagne (served with chips, of course!) but it's not really the kind of place you go to eat healthy food. The lace curtains, neon sign in the window and plastic tables should be the most off-putting thing you've ever seen, but it works in that sort of way that it's so bad it's good. It's kitsch, a bit tacky and dated, despite only being open a few weeks, but it does exactly what it says on the tin and serves good honest junk food at really reasonable prices.
When this place opened, I took one look at the name - Brambles - and though 'quaint little tea shop'. Boy was i wrong, if you looked up the phrase 'never judge a book by its cover', there will be a picture of me mistaking Brambles for a quaint little tea shop.

It's a greasy spoon, specialising in all things friend and artery clogging. YUM!

Although it does things like baked potatoes and paninnis, these are very below average and frankly, if it wasnt for the fact they seemed the best thing on a particularly crappy menu, I wouldnt have given them a second glance.

Not a great place.
Brambles Cafe is a relatively new addition to the cafe scene in the Newington area of Edinburgh and it is my new place to go to for food when I am hungover. 

The name 'Brambles' gives the impression that it is a quaint little tea room but it is anything but. They serve the usual lunch meals such as panini's, baguette's and baked potato's but these are all distinctly average. They also serve breakfasts which include a full English, but by far the best aspect of the Brambles menu is their fried foods section which appears to fry virtually everything - very Scottish!  I really adore their chips an fish, although they are extremely unhealthy. 

They have a few tables and chairs inside but it is quite small so it can get very cramped when its busy during the lunch time rush so I tend to get my food to takeaway.
I too was taken in by Brambles because of its wholesome name and Edwardian inspired font. Its exterior is brightly coloured and it stands out because it looks very cute.

It's more a greasy spoon cafe than anything else, although it does serve up some panini's with various fillings. I would say that if you give up your first impression, the glorious acceptance that you are about to eat a lovely roll on sausage takes over. They're fry ups are good (like the others have said, if it's on the menu it's probably dipped in the ole' vegetable oil), and as it is very, very difficult to make a substandard fry, I was satisfied with my roll. They also do a mean cup of tea for cheap.

If you let go of the fact it looks like it's meant to be in Bruntsfield, it's a very respectable greasy spoon indeed. The staff are efficient, the space inside is nice and it would get the seal of approval from my maw, so that's alright with me!
Despite the retro appearance of the exterior, Brambles Caf is a greasy spoon at heart. They do paninis and baguettes but if you are looking for a good one go two doors down to Bonningtons, where they are much better. Brambles specialises in proper British hangover food, with all the accompanying grease. The fry ups are great, good sausages, bacon, haggis, black pudding and loads of eggs (scrambled / fried etc.). There has been many a time I have plonked myself down here in the early afternoon and recovered from the night before. the staff know this and are always considerate of those in a worse shape than them. 

They don't only do fry ups, there are also rolls available, with the sausage one being a good substitute for breakfast when walking to lectures or work. They do pretty average cups of tea and coffee as well. The best thing though is the price; unlike Toast in Marchmont, Brambles has no pretensions to be better than it is and as a result it is amazingly cheap. Definitely a great place to go if you're hungover or fancy a bit of grease but if you want better quality food stay clear.
Atrocious service & failure to manage a simple breakfast selection of food.  Biscuits? Sorry, we're out for awhile.  Hashbrown potatoes? Sorry, we're out right now.  Fries? No we're out of those too.  So I order the panini breakfast sandwich without meat.  When I get to my gate, I see the sandwich is also lacking egg (meaning it's just the cheese & condiments on it).  Brilliant folks working here... brilliant!
What a horrible experience. Besides the food being totally awful, the 'manager' on duty was rude to every employee working.  The cashier (Almaz) was very nice, and pleasant. Immediately after I placed my order, the manager yelled to her 'dont take any more orders and go take lunch'. 
Then the phone rang, and the manager answered it 'Mike, i've got a line and cant talk' and promptly hung up.

Now, they appeared to have a new employee working the other register. After the rude manager gave me my order, he went over and pulled a basket of fries out of the fryer. I was trying to get their attention to get some ketchup and she proceeded to yell at him for pulling the fries and then told him to help me. She then proceded to pull the fries out of the 'serve bin' and dump them back into the fryer.

One customer (as i was walking away) made a comment to the manager "perhaps if you were a little nicer to them they'd listen better" (referring to how she was treating the  employees).

It would have been nice if they provided salt/ketchup without having to ask - but the point is moot as I will NEVER go to this location again. I'll eat at the pizza place next door or the Paradise bakery down the hall. I have never tried them, but they have to be more professional and have better food.

STAY AWAY!!
Typical Wendy's fare.  However, nowhere to sit.

And don't even think about trying to sit at the Round Table Pizza next door as the wolves will run you off.

Take your Classic Single on the airplane and make your row-mates jealous.

Employees?  Meh.
If it wasn't for their darn service, I'd give this 4, maybe even 5 stars! As far as fast food places go, Wendy's has pretty good food, but probably the worst service, and this one is not an exception.

I was at the airport a little hungry and looking for some fast food that would not scratch my throat. Maybe it was not the best choice, but I remember Wendy's baked potatoes with chili were nice and soft on the inside, almost mashed potato like in texture, so I got that. Well, when I sat down, I noticed instead of "baked potato with chili cheese" like I said, they gave me "chili cheese fries." I'm sorry, but how can you hear that incorrectly?!? The  person who took my order fulfilled my order, and that was literally the ONLY thing I got!! Plus, I'm always very cheery when interacting with others. I didn't even get a smile from him :(

So after scratching my throat with fries because I couldn't muster up the energy to go back, I'm typing this review on my phone. Don't get me wrong, the chili cheese fries were actually quite delicious if it wasn't for the constant coughing. Just be aware of going to this Wendy's (or ANY Wendy's) and make sure you check your order before you leave. That's something I keep forgetting to do...

By the way, I order the chili and cheese baked potato all the time at various Wendy's around the US. Half the time, I get bacon and cheese, and of course, this time I got fries. Also, half the time they actually do get my order right, the potato is all dry and NOT that lovely mashed potato texture I love. Talk about frustrating!
ran out of fries..filthy..unhelpful dumb staff who couldn't care less.messed up my order and three others. should be shut down and lose franchise. 
DO NOT GO
It's a well-worn cliche in the food business that anywhere with pictures of the food up on the exterior will be shite. Whilst this method isn't 100% foolproof, there's definitely some truth in it, as any visit to Cafe Keno will confirm.

They have pictures of bacon, eggs and rolls plastered to the door. The food is incredibly shite. It's as simple as that.
Whilst I don't seem to have had quite the same terrible experience as Gavin, Cafe Keno didn't exactly bowl me over with awesomeness.

Cafe Keno is a fairly standard affair. It offers decent coffee and tea, and substandard British cafe food. The problem basically is that at the heart of Edinburgh, on the High Street, why not go elsewhere? There are a million other very high standard cafe and restaurants nearby. Cafe Keno just doesn't really stand out. Perhaps it has room for improvement though, it certainly isn't a bad place.

In its favour there is usually plenty of sitting space outside which is nice on a summers day to watch the busy tourists go by, especially as they serve ice cream to go with it.
As Stephanie said, you're not expecting a wee cafe like this to wow you with its performance. It's the kind of place you duck in to grab a roll and then go. So I was very pleasantly surprised with the service I received in Cafe Keno today!

Serving up panini's, baguettes and some bigger dishes, Cafe Keno is quite spacious when all the doors are open. Inside it's got a nice, bright colour scheme that makes it look zesty and fresh. It's very clean and there is enough room to have a look at the full cake stand without feeling like you're getting in anyone's way!

Opting to come in here instead of spending 7 quid for a panini somewhere else on the Royal Mile, I wasn't disappointed. I was quite surprised to receive table service here, since I just expected to wait for my food to be heated. The staff were very attentive and checked to see if I was enjoying my panini. The pot of tea was massive and I got at least 3 full pours out of it - it's the little things, y'know!

I liked the Greek options on the menu and the food was fresh. But what did it for me was the service. The staff couldn't have been nicer, and that plays a huge part in how you perceive a business. Absolutely lovely, I would definitely recommend going here over some other places on the Royal Mile (which may be more inclined to rip you off).
This cafe did a nice beans and toast and the staff were very friendly but I thought it was a bit pricey for what you were having.
I like this place because they have free wifi, and coffee/tea are cheaper than other places in Edinburgh. However, I was not impressed by their fish and chips. It wasn't that great. And took them forever. It was pretty busy when we were there so I understand maybe they aren't used to it, but I asked for water twice and I never got it. Service was so slow, that my friend had to leave before I get a box for the food. Maybe if you are there during off season, you may have a better experience? I don't know... I would definitely go back there if I'm getting just tea or coffee though.
I live quite near this place and I think its name, although cheesy, is actually pretty cool.  I've been here twice and enjoyed it on both occassions as the service is quick and friendly and the food is delicious.  Inside it is small, clean and quaint with a really nice owner who is quick to process and prepare your order.  The menu has an extensive range of chow mein, sweet and sour and szechuan dishes.  In particular, the chicken kung po is excellent for its rich, spicy sauce with peanuts, green peppers and chillies.  With this I had a bag of prawn crackers, a coke and a portion of special fried rice which came to only about 6.50.  
Yummy Yummy is a great Chinese takeaway and well worth a look is you're in the area.
I'll admit I first went into this place because of the name which tickled me, and the food was pretty good as well. Exactly what you'd want from a Chinese, there are no great surprises but it's all round tasty food. I had the beef chow mein in black bean sauce which was actually really good, but my friends' dishes were a little bland. It seems to be a bit hit and miss; sometimes the dishes are great, other times they are a bit boring.

It is quick though and the staff are really friendly. It's pretty cheap as well, which is always good, and for those living in Marchmont, it's not a bad local Chinese takeaway to have.
Yucky yucky. Sauce thicker than treacle, sweeter than sin, and shitter than, well, shit. Horrible.

And I had such high hopes too. I'd heard only good things about this place. I had the usual crispy chilli beef and it was just awful. Soggy, tasteless, no heat, gooey awful awful awful. I'm getting a bit upset talking about it. Parting with the cash angered me.

I know I don't like Chinese takeaways at the best of times and I always get coaxed into having them, but normally they're edible. I threw most of this away. And I'm not one for throwing away food. It gets 2* because my flatmate really enjoyed his. But then he's no taste.
This Chinese takeaway in Newington has nice, friendly service and is in a great location, but some of the food isn't quite up to the standard which you would expect for the prices you pay.  The menu has a good range of authentic Chinese dishes and the place has a pretty good atmosphere inside.  I went for the vegetable spring rolls followed by the crispy Hoisin duck.  It took a fair while to arrive, but there were enough tabloid newspapers to keep us amused as we waited.
The springrolls were tasty inside, yet the pastry was a bit greasy and almost wet.  The Hoisin sauce for the duck was delicious, but the duck itself was beyond crispy and verging on tough.  Although the meal wasn't disastrous, I've had better takeaways in Edinburgh.
I have Gibsons back on this one, the spring rolls are rank. Like moldy, frozen veg  buried alive in a papery pastry. Just tasted like soggy cardboard. My Special Fried Rice was pretty good though.

Not the best, but it'll do.
This is not a particularly good Chinese takeaway. It is greasy, not massively cheap and for some reason it takes ages for even the simplest dish. As the other guys have already said the spring rolls are terrible, but surprisingly the duck spring rolls aren't actually that bad. I have no idea how there is such a difference but Chinese takeaways are often a mystery to me. The noodles are average and for an extra 10p you can have them in sweet chilli sauce which is actually quite nice.

Overall the food is pretty average and what you would expect from a takeaway but the thing that ruined it for me was the service. The young guy there is ok but the older woman is really rude and comes across as being really patronising. This was compounded by the fact that when I got home I realised she had written down my order wrong and I had a mix of what I wanted and another rogue dish. Grumble grumble
Another standard Chinese takeaway. I feel bad for places like Summerhall Kitchen sometimes, they are small, independent, trying to compete with the many, many other takeaways. But at the same time, the greasy, poor quality, probably not remotely Chinese food always gets to me. 

Summerhall Kitchen offers the usual array of takeaway standards. There is a big menu, but that usually means the ingredients aren't fresh (another staple of a cheap takeaway). They do offer some money saving offers like the student deal for two at 13.50, and they also offer a 10% student discount.

Overall this place isn't that expensive, but at 4-6 for a dish, you could still go elsewhere for far better quality.
Beef with Tomato
Beef with Mushroom
Beef with Pineapple
Beef in Black Bean Sauce

Chicken with Tomato
Chicken with Mushroom
Chicken with Pineapple
Chicken in Black Bean Sauce

Pork with Tomato
Pork with Mushroom
Pork with Pineapple
Pork in Black Bean Sauce

Beef Fried Rice
Chicken Fried Rice
Pork Fried Rice

All followed by chronic diarrhea. We all know what to expect from this takeaway just by looking at it, so there's not much point in moaning.
One hungover Sunday morning (read early evening) I leapt (read fell) out of bed and brightly made my way to the kitchen to make myself a gourmet dinner using a Heston Blumenthal recipe (read shouted at my flatmate where the hell are the takeaway menus). As a rule I have been mightily unimpressed with the Chinses takeaways in Edinburgh, they are overpriced and I always think I've accidentally received an extra soup before realising it's my poor little beef chow mein trying desperately to keep from drowning in grease. 

However, fear not my trusty beef noodles, with Hong's you will be safe from a slow greasy death. I have finally found a Chinese takeaway where I don't genuinely fear a coronary attack after a binge. The dishes are well cooked, flavoursome and there is a huge variety. However the best part is the price; 'chow mein (or to be fancy udon) for 4.50, that grease must have gone to your head boyo' I hear you say, but nay my friends, I speak the truth. 

There are also meal deals for 3 or 4 people and a family meal, and cards are accepted. To cap it all off they've dabbled, successfully I might add, in the Thai market. Although a more limited menu and slightly more expensive than the Chinese, the food is excellent, and considerably cheaper than other Thai takeaways.
I'm a fan of mom-and-pop restaurants, particularly where you go in and the people make you feel like family and are friendly.  Starving for hot meal, I dashed across the Meadows to Hong's, a tiny Chinese restaurant located about 2 blocks south of Melville in the quiet Marchmont area.  Sandwiched between produce stores and boutiques, Hong's offers a cozy dining room for table service, along with take-away / carry-out service.  Their menu is extensive and well-priced for the portions.  I recommend the combo special which is just under 7 pounds and includes a can of coke, giant bag of fried chips (don't know the name but they're tasty), an entree, plus rice.  having a penchance for spicy foods, I inquired if they would make a particular dish spicy--and they happily obliged.  The wonton soup is solid, but the chicken mushroom dish (which also includes scallions) was great.  I'll definitely go back whenever I'm in the area, and if not, there's a cheap delivery service for only 1 pound.
Really disappointed in my take-away from here. I ordered a Chinese dish of chicken, spring onion and ginger and asked for some garlic to be thrown in (which it wasn't) and my girlfriend ordered a Thai dish. Both looked exactly the same  colourless and gloopy. 
My Tom Yum soup was only half full and contained nothing more than some decent stock but only two prawns. 
The worst part of my meal was the boiled rice which was dry, hard and brittle. Probably the worst rice I've had from a take away.
All of these negative points is really down to the place cutting corners and presumably heating things up in microwaves (I think the rice was heated in the oven because it came in the foil tray). When you get spongy chicken and colourless veg in microwaveable dishes you know it's not going to be good. 
Avoid.
For Chinese takeaways Hong's is one of the best I've ever had.  It's fast, it's delicious and it's not too greasy. I love Hong's. I'd recommended: the shredded crispy chicken in chilli sauce, the satay chicken, the chicken wings (salt and pepper), ribs, the pad pad thai. Not only do they serve Chinese food but they also do Thai.  Hong's is also super affordable. Get a bunch of friends together and order a various things off the menu.  I guarantee Hong's won't disappoint!
Marchmont's Best Chinese

I believe this is the case but my research hasn't been all exhaustive. It's on one of the most eclectic streets in the area, which includes the great Argyle Bar, an awesome fruit shop, a wee coffee shop, a yoga place and a 'sauna'. 

I drink in the argyle quite a bit, and normally need some form of food when I'm heading home, Hongs is my preferred location. As Shona F said their ribs are pretty damn good, and I'm a fan of all the usually, I think the secret is in their sauces - they do a really mean Peking sauce, and the chilli salted chicken wings are the bomb - the portions are really good also, though not cheap, it is value for money!
Popped in a couple of times now after a colleague reccomened this place on the strength of there salt and pepper chips. We rocked up last night after few polite drinks at the argyle and decied to try out a few more dishes. The veg tempura wasnt on so that was s bit disappointing but we went for vegetable fried rice and asked to make this very spicy. This was great. really nice and the chef didnt hold back on the spice. The much discussed salt and pepper chips were great. They seem to be chips stirfried with veg, chillis, ginger and soy sauce. It sounds wweird but it is actually amazing.... well it is once you have had a few beers. The other options we had were quite standard fair Spring rolls etc. All in thumbs up. Worth popping in now and again for some standardish chinese food.
'Po-ta-toes...boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew' quoth the wise Hobbit Samwise Gamgee, but he forgot probably the best potato of all, the baked. It is a monster spud; when cooked to perfection with crisp skin and stuffed with an amalgam of different fillings, it is a God among veg. The Tattie Shop has perfected the art of baked potatoes; they are without doubt the best in Edinburgh.

Tucked into a side street just in Bruntsfield, The Tattie Shop is easily missed but do this at your peril. They have a huge amount of fillings, with the haggis being excellent, as well as the chilli con carne. You can create a tattie with as many fillings in as you like, just don't overdo it or you'll struggle to eat it all, they are remarkably filling. With prices being very reasonable and the owner a good laugh, it is one potato purveyor not to be missed
Just like Alex, I've harboured a love of potatoes ever since they were used to unintentionally comic effect during the nine hours of relentless boredom and homo-erotica that was the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Our soil-dwelling friends are regular lunchtime choice for me, and Edinburgh seems to have it's fair share of Baked Potato takeaways and cafes to pick from.

The Tattie shop's location a bit out of the way sadly means I rarely get to visit, but I wish I had more opportunities. While I'll stick my neck out and suggests that the taters themselves aren't quite as good as Tempting Tattie in town, the fillings are some way ahead, especially the chilli con carne, a topping oddly absent from the menu at their city centre rival.

They don't have the irritating tree-hugger thing going on either, which plagues Cockburn Street's potato outlet. All round it's pretty excellent, and another jewel in the crown of the quite splendid Bruntsfield locality.
I've walked by the sign for the Tattie Shop again and again, and every time I am tempted to try it.  On a particularly blustery day I thought it would be the perfect time.  I scanned the menu looking for something which sounded nice or otherwise interesting, but it was all pretty standard fare.  I opted for chili and added cheese.  The helpings were generous but the filling was not as flavoursome as I expect from chili and cheese, and at 4.10, the tattie hurt my purse strings far more than it should have.  
The helpings were generous, but it was far too much food for me and I would have been much happer to have smaller portions to go along with a cheaper tattie.  

All in all, the meal was fine but I don't expect to be returning.  It just wasn't tasty or cheap enough to warrant a trip out for lunch.
I've been a fan of The Tattie Shop for a few years now and have seen it go through 2 different owners, a face lift and a menu shake up, which does suggest to me that I eat far too many complex carbohydrates than is normal for the average human being.

This is a lovely little shop down the lane that is parallel to the Bruntsfield Public Toilets (it smells a HELL of a lot better, don't worry) that serves up decent grub at a just above average price.

After being taken over fairly recently (maybe the last year or so), the tatties have shrunk in size which is actually a good thing, the last owners tatties sometimes being too much for me. The menu selection is a pretty standard affair as well with the option to customise your tattie the way you want it. My personal favourite being the chilli and cheese with the cheese on first.

The price does go a bit further than it should and I would maybe put that down to the cost of rates in the area, but for when it's freezing outside and you need somewhere to sit down and get something warm in your belly, the price is justified. Just don't make a habit of it, with a chilli and cheese tattie & can of juice coming to around the 5 mark.

Another tip I would give would be not to go here during school lunch hours, it's an absolute nightmare and I actually ended up wedged in to the back corner of the shop for about 10 minutes until the horde dispersed.
On the same road as a number of other takeaway option I was surprised when this place opened up, it has a lot of competition. 

It seems to be holding its own at the moment and for good reason. The food here is the epitome of cheap and cheerful. They aren't winning any prizes for originality but they serve all the staples you need from a takeaway at really good prices. 

Chips 1.50 
Pizza 3.50 
Wraps 4.50 
Burgers 3.50 

The guys who work here are friendly and chatty and while it might not win prizes for food originality it's a pretty original name for a takeaway. Che Guevara's face adorns the sign outside and there is a timeline of photos on the red walls inside.I have no idea what the reason behind it was but if you have always wanted to get chips from a communist takeaway this is the place for you!
Why this place is called Che Takeaway I just don' t know. Maybe the owners are Cuban. Maybe they genuinely do respect the Argentinian revolutionary so much that  when they opened their (fairly new) takeaway they had one man they just had to honour. Or maybe this is the last step in a long road of a highly ironic exploitation of Guevara's famous image, for the purpose of selling stuff.

Icons sell, even icons of left wing guerrilla fighters.

Anyway you will find some more Che imagery inside, besides that this place just sells pizzas and chips. It's all pretty cheap and standard, certainly not terrible. At over 4 the wraps are a bit expensive but expect to pay less for everything else. The staff are find and overall the place isn't bad.

I don't imagine while Che fought his last battle in the Bolivian jungle he ever imagined his face would go on to sell greasy burgers. Other than his face and a time line of his life inside, there isn't really anything about what this takeaway that pertains to Che . The food isn't Cuban, or Argentinian, it certainly isn't revolutionary.
I can't make the connection to Che and food, and this place certainly ain't selling traditional Cuban cuisine. Nevertheless, it's a perfectly amiable little takeaway if you're looking for some quick grub before uni or work.

Selling cheap pizzas, panini's and some hot and cold drinks, it's more affordable than some of the takeaways littered around this area. There are some student deals available - if my memory serves me right students either get 10% off at lunchtime or a free cup of tea when they buy a meal. Perhaps someone should clarify that but I do distinctively remember being gutted I was no longer a student when I was ordering some late lunch out of here.

Food is pleasant enough.To be honest I thought this place looked a wee bit tacky from the exterior, but the food is of a better quality than I expected. Staff are friendly, and if you can get past the fact that pictures of Che loom over you as you place your order it's perfectly decent!
Palestinian Kebab shop open until late. Nice lamb shawarma after a night out. Never tried anything else.
This is definately my favourite late night take away for a falafel/hummous wrap. I have been coming here since it opened a few years ago and it never disapoints. One of the afore mentioned wraps is a whole pile of food 3.80 at the moment for a monster wrap and chips. I dont eat chips so cannot comment on those, my friends normally fall heir to those. The staff and owner are always friendly and place is as you would expect from a late night kebab joint I guess... clean and functional.

Items other than the falafel I have tried:

- they do some really nice Palestinian tea, well work a try
- the pizzas were nice 
- salad boxes are great and really good value
- my friends seem to really enjoy the kebabs here. Tried a bit once here and it was good, but I am not really down with that shaved elephant leg stuff to be honest.

No idea why it is called Che, but I am now going to ask the owner the next time i see him.
My absolute favorite Shawarma shop in the city. Even better then some of the shawarmas I had in the middle east. Its another little hole in the wall but looks can be deceiving . I am a regular here every week and all the gentlemen who work there know exactly what I want. The lamb and chicken shawarmas are perfect to accompany a nice ice cold pint at home if you do take away which I do. I am sure all the other wraps and falafels and whatnot are just as amazing as the shawarmas. I recommend this place to all the college kids who live around the area of frequent the pubs around the area. You get a student discount and one shawarma will fill you up for the whole day saving your wallet.
Lovely chicken shawarma - I couldn't believe how much I got for my money the last time I was in. I just wish they had a few more diet drinks on offer.
My FAVORITE late night place in Edinburgh. I always got a shawarma but also quite enjoyed getting chips, cheese and meat.

I should also probably note that I was a little, um, "under the influence" whenever I went to Che. NONETHELESS, it's still a great late night kebab place.

Also, it's a Che Guevara-themed kebab shop in Scotland. If that doesn't entice you, I don't know what else will.
Just happened to spot this location on my way home last week so I made it a point to stop in.  It is in a re-purposed chain drugstore building that also house a Chase bank and a Verizon store.  I asked the fellow making my burrito how long they had been open and he said about 2 months.

The burrito was the same great overstuffed one I am used to.  My choice was carnitas, pinto beans, fajita veggies, green salsa, sour cream, cheese, lettuce.  That combination ends up being really runny so I was a mess by the time I was finished. :-)

The interior has high ceilings broken up by sound insulation and hanging lights.  Most of the seating is community tables, mostly high tops, with fixed seating done in industrial gray and plywood.  I wasn't impressed.

I like having a location close enough I can run over at lunch.  It wasn't real busy there and without much in the way of offices to drive their lunch business I hope they do well.  It certainly was not very busy when I was there.  Part of that may be due to the seemingly endless construction on that stretch of Northern.
One of the few Chipotle locations without insane lines, at least around 1-2pm.  Moves fast.  Food fresh.  Tables clean.  Parking decent.  But I could do without all the homeless people loitering the grounds.
When you don't feel like a full restaurant and you want more than the normal Mexican fast food, Chipolte fits the bill.

The food is always fresh, the service is fast and it's affordable.

Don't know why that Scott guy says the building is a re-purposed chain drug store building.  I don't remember what was there before but it was never a drugstore.  And who cares what else is in the building?  You're there for the food.
Chipotle is always a favorite in my family. Good healthy fast food works when you're on the road and didn't pack a lunch. This place has recently added brown rice which ups the health meter!
I just love Chipotle. Fresh, yummy, spicy (if you want it to be). And the restaurant was clean a HUGE plus! My personal fav is the chicken burrito, no rice, no beans w/ fajita veggies, pico, cheese, sour cream, and lettuce. Guacamole and hot sauce on the side. So delicious!!! The person who did our order was so nice! It was my friend's first Chipotle experience! She was impressed by how big the burrito was. I'm glad I only live a few blocks away... because I will be back.
We use to come here all the time when it first open and there staff was very friendly and great service.  But the las few times we had bad experiences, FELT TREATED UNFARILY AND RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE.  

NEVER NEVER NEVER GOING BACK!!!!
If I've got to have some fast food, I may as well get something I enjoy. Chipotle always seems to hit the spot without being a grease bomb. I've had some issues with using the order ahead on the site and coming to pickup (showing up at or after recommended time and they didn't even have the order in front of them) but they usually can still have me in and out in a few minutes.

I haven't tried too many of the other things but everything I have tried, I've liked. My drug of choice? Black beans, sour cream, lettuce and pico, hot, and corn salsas.
Service was awesome today. Busy and employees were so nice.  Better customer service than the Chipotle in downtown Phoenix. I will never go to that Chipotle because of rude service
Clean,fast and all the staff greeted with smiles and worked as a team! I already love Chipotle but with it being welcoming it made this visit great! Thanks Chipotle staff keep up the good work!
My eight year old vegetarian son wanted a cheese quesadilla. What he got for his $3.25 was a super-thin and greasy object the size of a CD folded in half. He was quite upset, so I suggested he write Chipotle Corporate. What he received back from Chipotle, was a very terse note telling him he should have ordered something bigger, if he left hungry. We will not visit such an aloof, uncaring place like Chipotle again. Disappointed with your food? Too bad!!!. You have no recourse.
They were out of cheese?!? What Mexican food restaurant is out of cheese? The guy that was in the process of making our burritos prepped our food up until we noticed they were out of cheese!! So he casually walks back to "look" for some cheese but came back and said they were out? To be quite honest their customer service recently has gone down hill. It just seems like whenever you ask them to make something other than a burrito they give you attitude? We won't be going back to this particular chipotle, they have lost some dedicated customers for life.
This is by far the BEST Chipotle location ever. I go here often. The staff are always friendly. They talk and carry conversations with me every time. This location is quick and clean. I could not ask for a better location!!!
Snax has become a bit of an Edinburgh institution, with branches springing up all over the city.  It's easy to see why it's so popular, as it combines the straightforward menu and unbeatable prices of a typical greasy spoon joint with the ambiance of a more arty and stylish caf.

Unlike the one on Buccleuch Street, the Duke Street manifestation of Snax is not filled with hungover students, but rather hungover working men, appeasing their pounding heads with bacon butties, cheese toasties, and other traditional fatty foodstuffs.  It's pretty small inside, but clean and light with brisk, uniformed staff, a dependable place to replenish your energy after a night of mayhem.
Cheap. Cheerful. Supernice lady (at 8AM when you're wishing you weren't trudging off to a 10 hour day).

60p for a very reasonable cuppa.

And...?

Haggis rolls. At breakfast. For 1.25.

That'll get you off right. Eat here. 

This is not top supafly food. This is simple,honest food, just what you want at breakfast. And cheap. mmm. Cheap.
Came here for breakfast and got soup which had a large amount of pepper in it, which made the broth almost crunchy....overlooking that, the potatoes and leaks in it were great and perfectly cooked. My friend got a sandwich with a fried potato (or something of that nature) in it and she said it was good as well--but a lot smaller than we thought it was going to be.
It's like Samurai Sam's, but not as good. 

The prices are reasonable and the portions decent, but the steak is really too thin for my liking.  The sauce is ok.  It's actually not as sweet as other places in town (I prefer it more soy/salty than sweet) and they give you a small container if you want more.
It's like Samurai Sam's, but better. The meats are above average quality. They have a great selection. The people are really nice and remember you. Lots of selection... Wraps, salads, bowls, etc.
I was looking for something different and new to eat and saw this pop on yelp.  I had not had a good teriyaki chicken bowl in a long time and it sounded like a great option.  

I found the regular size bowl to be just enough to fill me up.  I couldn't imagine ordering the larger size.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the veggies were great just enough crisp in them.  I loved the fact that they gave me two little cups of the sauce to add as needed.  I used both!  I thought the sauce tasted great, good mix of sweet and salt.

I will agree location is annoying because of being near LVAC.  I came at lunch time and was hard to find a parking spot.

Otherwise, I will be back!
much better than samurai sam's! came here after a vigorous workout at LVAC because i felt obligated to eat healthy lol.. ordered a chicken teriyaki and they give you a choice between white/dark meat and white/brown rice. The portion was filling and the ingredients were fresh. and the service was very quick! I think i waited about 2 minutes for my food to be ready.. I will definitely come here after my workouts!
One more try.

Decided to give this place another shot since I was in the parking lot, hungry and wanted something quick before I passed out from malnutrition.

I got a steak bowl, no rice, all broccoli.  No I wasn't high, drunk or otherwise impaired, I just wasn't really in the mood for rice for some odd reason and had a hankering for some baby trees.  

The meat is far improved from my initial visit many moons ago.  Instead of thin strips, I got small chunks.  Instead of brown, lifeless beef, I got a little char and a hint of pink.  The broccoli was cooked middle of the road - not too limp but with a little crunch to it.  

I'm glad I gave Teriyaki Boy another go because it was much better than my previous experiences.  For that, they get another star.
I've seen the place coming off the freeway, but never stopped in. Recently featured on Groupon so we took a shot and it's not bad at all. 4 stars because it's good, but not 5 stars cause it isn't something you've never had before. I do give it high points for effort and quality. Wife had the Mongolian Beef with Brown rice and I had the Yakisoba noodles with beef and chicken. Yep a solid 4 stars, nothing fancy about the dining room, but you can get powerade/fruit punch at the drink dispenser! They have ok potstickers and other Asian dishes so you aren't just limited to a few items. Will I be back again? Yeah, cause we have one more Groupon to use (ha ha!), but even after that is used up, I will drop by again. Sure beats a $1 burger and it's better for you in the long run! Oh yeah meals are served in plastic and not on plates as pictured whether you dine in or to go, I do hope they recycle their plastic containers, they seem to be of high quality and it would be a waste to have them go into the garbage. Maybe take the containers home if dining in and put them in the recycle bin? They need to open more locations, how about Horizon Ridge and Horizon in Henderson? (hint hint)
Great place with tons of healthy options. I love that they have calories posted on the menu. Also, the employees seem to care wether you are happy or not. Prices are very reasonable for a good portion of food.
Had lunch here the other day. I wouldn't have even known it existed if it wasn't in the parking lot of my gym so convenience was key in my decision.  

It is a great place if you are looking for a no thrills healthy lunch. I had a veggie noodle bowl and my husband had a chicken wrap. They up-charge for all white chicken and to sub brown rice on the wrap. We left feeling guilt free and full.
I'll admit that I probably would not have tried this place if not for Groupon's deal here one day.  But that's what Groupon is for, right?  And now, because of it, I shall return.

This place is close to me and is a nice break from Teriyaki Madness.  Don't get me wrong - I like both!  But Teriyaki Boy does have a better menu selection and has boba.  I do like my boba.

The service was wonderful and employees were cheerful and knowledgeable.  Order was up fairly fast without skimping on presentation or quality.  Awesome.

What to order: Honestly, I had a teriyaki chicken bowl with veggies and it was fantastic.  Veggies are steamed to perfection, the chicken quality is great and overall very pleasing.  Edamame is good, too.  I also had a coconut boba.  While not the best I have ever had, it was certainly buy-again worthy!

P.S. The mirrors in this place really threw me off for a moment.  It's not large at all.  And there is not another room off to the left when you first walk in lol.
I decided to finally try this place about 4 days ago and I LOVE IT! I have been back every day for lunch. Its fresh, healthy and quick. The employees are very friendly as well as the owner whos a very nice man who really does everything he can to make you leave happy! I get the Low Carb Chicken Bowl w/extra spicy on it and its delicious! The veggies are steamed to perfection, I order it w/o carrots and they actually pick them out for me, and have the few times ive asked, added a little bit of brown rice (very little) to my bowl for no extra charge... I will continue to come back here... also make sure to ask for a stamp card and your 12th bowl is free!!! Way better than Terrayki Madness or anyother Terrayki place ive been in a long time!
So I was studying in the area...and it was 1015 at night, famished and since this place was in walking distance, I decided to give it a try.  

Pros:
The Kids chicken rice bowl was enough for me and it was only 4 bucks!
They closed in 15 mins from the time i called, I walked over and it was pretty much ready for pick up.  
They provided extra sauce without charging.  Awesome. 

Cons: 
I didn't really like the teriyaki sauce.  It was a bit too sweet for me, and believe me, in my days, I've tried at least a dozen different places, this place by far has the sweetest (Teriyaki) sauce i've ever had. 

Overall, Nice and great speedy customer service.  They didn't shy away from my phone order because of the crunch to closing time. ;)

I'll be visiting again (hoping for the teriyaki sauce to be less sweet but would settle for it next time around)! 

Sincerely, a first time customer.
I love healthy food and teriyaki boy is my favorite way better than teriyaki madness tha best teriyaki bowls in town. I can eat here everyday.

My favorite is the chicken yakisoba and the best thing about it is the noodles is made out of wheat, it's really healthy.

I love the fact that teriyaki boy serves the food fresh, hot and well cooked. The teriyaki sauce is so good..

The service was wonderful and employees were super nice and knowledgeble.

I'm definitely coming back here. This place is awesome.. Keep it up.. The best place to eat you can eat good and healthy at the same time.. :) i LOVE teriyaki boy
i love teriyaki boy healthy grill! ever since they have opened im a regular at  this restaurant. its located right off the freeway and very convenient for me since i work out a lot at LVAC.
from the moment that youve stepped out off the gym you will smell their grilled food from the parking lot
they serve Real meat there not like the others which are like shaved meat for a sub sandwhich.
i always have the best experience at Tboy. Fresh grilled chicken and good cut of trimmed steaks.and the vegetables are always fresh.
i always quench my thirst with their Boba iced blended drinks. they are the best boba in las vegas compared to the ones at chinatown which takes cash only
all the people there are so friendly and calls you a name basis.
im very keen with bathrooms but theirs totally clean and sanitized.its a 5 star hotel bathroom feel there.
over all i believe that this fast food health restaurant has great potential.cant wait to come back for more.
Perfect size brown rice broccoli bowl was sooo good.    Chicken and steak better than fast food places...   Plus the Customer service is amazing.  They member your name and bring it to your table.    PLEASE TIP THEM!!!    I'll be back
So the other night..I came back to this place and order the dark meat chicken rice bowl...this time i order the regular size and not the kids....Can you say awesome? Lots and lots of veggies for this palate! :) The amount of meat wasn't quite enough but I will be upgrading the next time i am in the area.  :) PS: they even give out a card for regulars to get something free after like 8-10 purchases! Now that's a deal!
Meh.  

I didn't walk into Teriyaki Boy with a lot of expectations for great cuisine.  Here's what I wanted: a nice, healthy, quick food option with Teriyaki flavor.  But the restaurant somehow managed to dash those expectations.  I'm just not enthusiastic about anything we ordered.

The crab Rangoon tasted like it had been thawed and served up (i.e. all flavor was lost long ago while the food waited in a freezer).  The eggs rolls were appropriately crisp, but tasteless.  We drowned them in sweet and sour sauce in order to produce a taste.  We finally found a little flavor in the Teriyaki chicken bowl -- and the Teriyaki flavor wasn't bad.  But the dish came with boatload of rice with a meager serving of vegetables and chicken.  Sigh.  When you find a dish with a little flavor in this place, they skimp on the flavor and cover it in unseasoned rice.

Basically, I walked in hoping for the McDonald's of Teriyaki cuisine.  Problem is, McDonald's actually works hard to make sure it's food is flavorful use a whole lot of chemicals to keep the flavoring even after the food is frozen.  So, skip Teriyaki Boy.  It's a step under McDonald's.
Best teriyaki in the area. The firecracker chicken is really good too; has a nice kick. Oh, and the have boba tea, which pretty much guarantees I'll be back.. Every day.. :P
The beef in my beef teriyaki was reheated. The rice was soggy. The sauce was okay I guess, if you can get past the day old meat. The Gyoza where of the microwave variety and were not good. I have to say this is the worst "teriyaki" I have ever had.

I barely ate any of the meal and returned it to the counter to explain my dissatisfaction. The cook and the counter girl just gave me a blank stare. Too bad for the owner he has such crap employee's. 

With all of the teriyaki places out there, why would you ever eat here?
Driving around looking for a quick lunch on the cheap. 

I skim my Entertainment book and decide to get a bowl from Teriyaki Boy. There are quite a few bowl options and flavors. I noticed they even have tofu, which I might check out the next time I stop by. On this occasion I ordered the garlic chicken and broccoli over brown rice. The sauce was a little lacking, it definitely needed a little more flavor and the chicken was really dry. Not a fan of that, but overall the meal was ok.

I will try the place out again if I'm in the area and happen upon another coupon. The prices didn't seem too bad for the quantity you get, I'll just stay away from the chicken next time and take a few more sauces and condiments with me on the side if I take the food to go.
Before I came to Las Vegas I was worried about finding anything healthy to eat, that is, until I discovered this little gem. A Japanese food restaurant with a healthy spin on it?!  Vegas -really does- have it all! 

-- 

Sometimes, when you see the word "healthy" slapped on anything, it can mean dull/boring food with no flavor... but that's not the case when it comes to Teriyaki Boy: Healthy Grill. 

Not only does their food taste good, but it also LOOKS good too. They use fresh vegetables, grilled chicken, lean cuts of meat, with low-fat sauces, and they don't cover their food in tons of fatty oil or batter. And their food doesn't look boring -- the food presentation is quite nice. In fact, I was shocked at how great their Yakisoba Bowl tasted and looked.  (Not to mention the fact that their Yakisoba noodles are made out of wheat!)

I noticed that they also have gyouza on their menu, but I didn't try it.  The reason is because I know that gyouza tastes the best when its deep fried, and crunchy, but that's by no means healthy. So I was surprised to see it on the menu at all.  But in all honesty, to me their gyouza looked a bit soggy from the picture, so I didn't order it. Perhaps next time I will.

I thought the prices were reasonable and the service is friendly and fast. They even remember your name and bring the food out to your table.  How many other fast food restaurants do this?  Not many. And even fewer can claim that their food is healthy. So that says a lot.

The interior of the restaurant is small, but not cramped. I also like how they have pictures of all of their popular menu items up on the walls so you can see them. The restroom is SPOTLESSLY clean. I thought that I was in a fancy hotel restroom. I was honestly impressed.

I removed one star because they are not authentic. This is very good food, but a makeshift version of traditional Japanese dishes. And then too, I noticed that they serve sweet & sour chicken on their menu -- That is not Japanese.

Now, for all of you people who are saying that their food "needs a little more flavor" (you know who you are), you are wrong. Your taste-buds needs to learn to eat healthy food, and pass on going to McDonald's a little more often. After eating junk food for many years, you have to re-acquire a taste for healthy food. And this right here, is your opportunity. Bon appetit.

To sum things up, in my honest professional opinion, this place is awesome.  I love Teriyaki Boy Healthy Grill. And I would most certainly come back here if and when I pass through Las Vegas again.
I appreciate this place for what it is: simple, healthy food. The meat is always delicious and never greasy. The rice and veggies are a little plain but are complemented with a little teriyaki sauce on top. If you need a meal to energize you for a workout or just to help you not fall asleep at your work desk, this be the place to go. And the service has always been friendly.
There is some irony in that they have the words "healthy grill" in their logo.  I found my beef bowl to be greasy.  The rice was soggy because of it.

This is a weird complaint, but their menu is too large.  It's confusing, there is just too much stuff.  They should focus on just doing a handful of items well instead of trying to do everything.

It took a long time for my food to come out, which may be one of the reasons it was soggy.

Anyways, Teriyaki Madness is better.  This place isn't "terrible", but I'd pick Teriyaki Madness over it any day of the week.
Been here about 10 times. I usually go to Samurai Sam's or Teriyaki Madness, but if I'm this area I go here. 

My normal order: Large chicken bowl, extra meat, brown rice, and no veggies. Sometimes I mix it up and get the Cutler Bowl. 

By the way, use to go to Bonzai Bobs all the time before they switched Teriyaki Bowl?  Don't be surprised if Cutler himself walks in here. I thought I ate a lot. 

Smart how both Teriyaki Boys I go to are next to a LV Nutrition and LVAC. 

I recommend this place, but wish they were open earlier.
Walked in on a Tuesday at noon and the restaurant was completely empty. Made my decision on what to order quickly because I had checked out the online menu beforehand. I was impressed they offered tofu, most fast food teriyaki places don't. 

The cashier was at her register and saw us (we made eye contact) yet continued a conversation in Spanish with one of the cooks for a few minutes before deciding she had the time to take my order. She took our order with no enthusiasm, thank God we didn't have any questions about the menu I am not sure she would have been of much help. 

After paying (prices are fair for sizes) we went to sit outside. The chairs were chained so close together to the table they were unusable! The edge of the chairs were pressed up against the table, so if you have legs you couldn't sit in them. Whatever, strike 2, we will sit inside. 

The food came out fast and she delivered it to our table, which I like better than standing around like a lost boy until my number is called. The tofu was cooked very well and the portions were good! My boyfriend got the large size Sweet & Sour Chicken. He felt that he just got more rice than a small size would have instead of more rice & chicken. But it tasted good! The carrots were a little undercooked for my taste but I am very picky about that. Overall I was very impressed with the food (for $7 a meal I can't complain much) and will be returning a lot as it is close to my work! 

A big plus, when I checked in on Yelp I was contacted about my remarks about the unsatisfactory service and was offered not only help but a free meal. This is much appreciated and not only do they keep my business I will tell others about the wonderful customer service I received via Yelp.
Same cashier, same experience. I was offered a free meal from their awesome Yelp team, which I told them I would use today. Well the cashier didn't know what I was talking about and gave me $6.99 off (my meal was more then that). I brought my dog so I was going to sit outside, the chairs were still chained so you could sit on them but not comfortably use the table. This is a nice neighborhood I don't see why they need to be chained during business hours. Seems excessive. Never seen anyone sit on them and now I know why. I got it to go and won't be back.

I did appreciate their Yelp teams awesome customer service but that has to transfer over into service in the restaurant.
Never been here before, I used a coupon from livingsocial. The place is really small but clean, has outdoor seating too. Food came out fast and as I expected, my kids like their food. The cashier was nice and friendly, she told me that they also have kids menu (which I didn't see on their board). I will be back for more.
I have eaten her 2x so far...  Ordered the chicken teriyaki and then the mongolian beef along withe pot stickers....  Both times the food was bland and tasteless,,, I did not like what i ordered both times...  Seems that they pre-make the meats and put the sauce on top before its delivered to the customer...  I think this is why the meats are rather bland..  I have had better at the malls....  I will not be back here... Maybe you guys will have a different opinion.... Located in a small anex next to the LVAC on Eastern... Hope this yelps...
The obvious comparison here is to Teriyaki Madness. So how does it match up? Fairly well, I'd say. We had some groupons laying around for this place but it's reasonably priced so you don't really need such a deal to eat here. Much like Teriyaki Madness, they tout their high protein, brown rice meals (with the options of a low carb version). Add to that their association with Jay Cutler and it's no surprise you'll find them located near gyms. It's a great post workout meal-- you can replenish carbs if you're a a body builder or go for a meat and veggie meal if you are watching your weight. I've tried the chicken yakisoba meal as well as the mongolian beef. If you compare them to a sit down restaurant, then obviously the food wouldn't be much to right home about. But for a fast food establishment, they churn out some decent quality eats. The portions here are generous and should be enough to fill the appetite of any serious lifter. The yakisoba noodles are not overly soggy and come with a fair amount of tasty vegetables. The chicken is adequately prepared. Throw some sriracha sauce in their and you've got all you need. The mongolian beef is a pleasant surprise but also benefits significantly from some added sriracha. THe meat is plentiful and not overly tough. The veggies are a satisfying combination of mushrooms, green onions and green peppers. No complaints about the brown rice. The citrus chicken is also a nice way to go if you're more into the sweet side of the story.

I can't say this place is better than Teriyaki Madness but in my opinion they are just as good.
I purchased a groupon and visited the Teriyaki Boy restaurant on 10/17/12.  

My first impression was the food smelled good and the restaurant was clean.  The person taking my order, adult female, was very short with me and less then helpful.  

I ordered a chicken bowl with brown rice and vegetables.  The brown rice and vegetables were good, the chicken however was over cooked to the point that it was difficult to chew.  

I felt like I was eating beef jerky without the flavor.  I will not return to this restaurant.
Got the groupon and met my friend for lunch.

We both decided to get the steak/chicken teriyaki bowl. The cashier girl was less than inviting, whatever, I'm used to being treated like second class citizen with a groupon. 

Two regular bowls + two drinks comes up to $16.77.

We both get our bowls and one of them is steak and chicken the other is just chicken. Uh......  I was too lazy to demand my steak, so I just ate my chicken instead.

Yeah, I could have made this at home. Nothing special and they give you a small portion of white rice, some sad veggies, and meat in a big bowl. 

First and last time!
I drive by this place all the time.  First I look at the massive gym behind and think to myself that I need to work out.  As I think about working out I get hungry.  This is when I notice the Healthy grill.  Then I always say I'm going to check that place out someday and then forget that I need to work out.  

I was at work and couldn't decide on what I wanted to eat.  I really didn't want a boring sandwich or something fried that was going to put me down at my desk.  Just then I remembered about this place by the gym.  I read some of the Yelp reviews and then I was off to go get my bowl on.  When I arrived the restaurant wasn't packed, but there was a few people and no line.  

I really struggled to give this place 4 stars.  The reason was because the girl at the counter was really rude.  This was the first time I have ever been here and was asking some questions.  She seemed annoyed and just wanted to take my order.  I was upset because there wasn't anybody behind me.  After asking a few questions I finally gave up and realized she was visibly upset.  I though maybe I caught her on an off day or she just had a rush.  Oh well, there's really no excuse to be rude.  

In case you were wondering I was asking about the Jay Cutler bowl.  This bowl looked like a man's bowl of food.  It was huge!  I will have to order it someday.  

I ended up ordering the small bowl because I didn't want a big lunch.  It was priced pretty well.  and it had vegetables.  I am amazed that the other places charge you for vegetables.  Really?  Other than the girl be rude the overall experience was good for my stomach and wallet.  If you are in the area or at the gym go check it out.  I hope you get a friendlier girl or guy at the counter.  Cheers!
I thought the concept of this place was good, although basically the same thing as the Flame Broiler restaurants. 

The problems began when we started ordering at the counter and the cashier wasn't very friendly at all. Not only was she grumpy and seemingly scowling, but she wasn't very helpful. 

My wife ordered the Mahi Wrap, but we were quickly informed they were out of Mahi, so we switched the order to a salmon wrap. I ordered the chicken noodle bowl. We ordered a kids chicken bowl with noodles for our daughters to share. We asked if they could have some vegetables with the kids bowl and she said no because it doesn't come with vegetables. She did not seem interested in offering any other solutions for this inquiry.

We waited about 10 minutes and the food came out. My wife was served a salmon rice bowl instead of the wrap. The cashier was so unfriendly-seeming that we opted to not say anything about the incorrect order.

The food was pretty ordinary. I did not feel this there was anything special about the food. Perhaps the cloud of the unhappy employee clouded our taste buds. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this restaurant and if we having a craving for this type of food, we'll simply go to one of the other similar restaurants in the area.
Unfortunately, this review is for the SERVICE, not the food.

The Teriyaki Boy on Rainbow is less than a half mile from my place, but I drive the 3 miles to Samari Sam's. Why?

For the same price, and food quality, I can insure that it's open. Not once or twice, but THREE times, I have been to Teriyaki Boy and they have turned me away, when their hours said they were open, and there were people inside. Once 30 minutes before close, and today, an hour and a half before they should have been closed.  Another day I walked up to see the restaurant empty and the doors closed when the hours clearly stated it was open. 

TBHG, if you're not going to be open, why not just change your hours on the door? Don't send people away when you've got people sitting in the dining room and you're supposed to be open.
This place was a rip off. I paid $9 for less than mediocre food and the portions were ridiculous. I got a large portion, and the bowl was not filled, more than 3/4 was just rice, and had very little veggies or meat. I asked the cashier before hand some questions and she was apathetic and unhelpful. Not impressed at all.
Good food, like the chicken and broccoli bowl. A little more expensive then teriyaki madness but they have canteloupe boba smoothie which makes up for it. Can often find a groupon which makes them a good deal. Go once for the groupon, come back for the boba.
I have always been a big fan of all things teriyaki. Unfortunately, im not a fan of this place. Let me explain.

Any time I go to a teriyaki place, I always get the chicken n beef combo because come on, you get two kinds of meat and you cant really mess that up right? Here they kind of did ok. You have two choices of sizes. Regular and Large. The large is only 50 cents more so might as well right? 

So here's why im not too fond of this place. The chicken was dry. I had to douse it with teriyaki sauce and sriracha just to make it edible. I wanted brown rice instead of white. They charge you 40 cents for that while some other places don't. The large was not that much bigger. My total came out to 9 bucks and some change. That's without any drinks included. Easily would of been over 10 bucks if I did.

So I stand corrected. I never really had much of anything negative to mention. Until I ate here. The only saving grace that is preventing me from giving them 1 star is that the beef is actually good.  I have actually been here twice. Once with company that wanted to go here and this second time around because I thought the first time was a fluke. Unfortunately, this second visit verified what I thought all along.
We came on a Friday night and order
1. Yakisoba steak and chicken LRG 7.60
2. Low carb chicken bowl LRG 7.30
for $2.11 (used the $7 groupon for $14)

- Next to YogurtLand and LVAC. 
- Chicken was underwhelming. Can't expect much for dry white chicken breast.
- Steak was slightly flavored and probably the best item on our plate. 
- Average tasting teriyaki sauce. Not far off from Kikkoman teriyaki marinade.
- Yakisoba noodles like microwave Maruchan style chow mein. 
- Steamed vegetables is a great alternative over white rice. 
- Honestly, I'd opt for Teriyaki Madness to satifying my Teriyaki taste buds. 
- And for my money, I'd rather eat a grilled chicken salad. 
- But to stay fit, I wouldn't mind the occasional healthy meal at Teriyaki Boy.
Initially I would go here for their boba smoothies. The service was bad in the past so I gave up. I recently gave their food a try after the gym (with an expired Groupon voucher). I will say their service has improved tons! Their bowls are so yummy! This is one of my new favorite healthy eats post-workouts. I'm glad I gave it a second chance!
I really enjoyed their $2.99 teriyaki bowl. It had enough rice, veggies and chicken (dark). 
The boba tea was blah. Would not recommend it at all. 
But for a cheap, quick semi-healthy lunch I give it 4 stars.
I wish I had no taste buds like those people that left a 5 star review. I'm better with sharing my dog food
Tried it for the first time tonight and the service was fast and portion size generous.

Ordered the steak and broccoli with brown rice. The steak was tasty but a bit grizzly and fatty. My wife had the chicken which was much better.

Broccoli was good but the rice was mushy. W
It first time here at Teriyaki Boy Healthy Grill. I looking for something on the healthy side after doing an one hour bike class. I always notice this place on my way too and from class. So figure why not give it try! Teriyaki chicken it kind of is what it is for me. Not that big of fan but look at it as more of an inexpensive meal. I normally go too Teriyaki Madness since its closer too my side of town. Always enjoy mixing the food palate up.

I ordred the large teriyaki chicken bowl. I enjoyed! I thought the chicken was grilled right on nice char grill marks on both sides and nice moist. I like the vegetables they served sliced carrots (unlike more mass market or dime dozen teriyaki chicken bowls either shredded or big chunks sometimes not even cooked but raw), zucchini (again usually broccoli find), and course traditional pieces of cabbage. The teriyaki sauce not fan of overkill. So for me liked fact they have enough covered the chicken and get into the vegetables. The white rice was cooked perfect.

I surprise that the menu was pretty diverse from the appetizers, the alternatives comes too brown rice, or subbing different things in it. They even offer Jay Cutler size bowl. If you don't know Jay Cutler he won the Mr Olympia before. So its big boy bowl one that if your hungry should think about ordering. 

Talk about small place and unfortunately located right next too LVAC so they get lot of post workout meals. I just barely found spot too eat on the counter area. If theres a  negative always positive? You can feel fit, healthy, or feel like busted sweat at the gym at Teriyaki Boy.
Get your $2.99 bowls on tuesdays and thursdays. I defintely take advantage of that deal on a weekly basis. hehe overall experience with this place.. I can't complain. I normally get the all white meat teriyaki chicken bowl. it's about 8 bucks for a bowl and it comes with veggies and rice you have the option to choose brown rice. Customer service is great everyone is greeted and they are polite. I am a regular at this place if im craving for something healthy and quick.
Wow if I could give a 0 then they would definitely get one.  I had my heart set on a steak and broccoli bowl, but did I get it? Nope!!

Went in, no cashier at the counter. Just the cook preparing someone else's food. He saw me standing there, but didn't even bother to call someone to take my order. Stood at the counter for about 4 minutes and still no one. It wasn't very busy either. So I finally got annoyed and left. I think an employee finally walked in right as I was walking out the door. But who cares?? They lost my business. Your loss, cuz I actually liked you guys. So I just walked to Greens & Proteins for my after-workout meal.
I'm a big fan of teriyaki chicken and this place didn't disappoint! Really good healthy options. Mr Olympia eats here so how could you go wrong?
By far the best teriyaki bowl I've ever had. I got the steak yakisoba bowl. Usually chow mien noodles are very oily at most restaurants, but not here. I love the fact that they use whole wheat noodles. The large was just the right amount and there was enough steak to last until the end. 
I'm home now wishing they were still open so I could get another one! The staff was very friendly and helpful. If you're looking for a great, healthy meal this place is definitely worth a try. The prices were very reasonable and the food was absolutely amazing.
Very affordable and delicious. From the salad to the chicken bowl. The veggies are fresh and perfect not mushy at all.
It was really good... a little expensive around 10.00 just for a plate of food no drink included. The food was good though and filling. Not enough for left overs but enough to be full for awhile.... sense it's right by the gym you might be really hungry and which case you might want to add one with some extra things but I will most likely try it again. Nice service, they seemed a bit tired but they where friendly. Pretty loud inside. I would have liked more veggies. Over all a-ok.
I love this place!!! My husband and I claimed this to be our quick fix for dinner options!!
I purchased a groupon to try this place out because it is close to the gym and our new place but I will not be back. The young lady that was working tonight at the counter was quite rude for no reason and looked at me like I was an idiot when I asked if there were veggies in the bowl because when I said no veggies she looked bewildered. We ordered a steak bowl and recieved a chicken bowl the brown rice almost chipped my tooth. Thank you for the bad attitude and poor quality food luckily it was half off.
Located right by the LVAC on eastern and the 215, this place is a nice quick healthy option for food whether it be right after your workout or just looking for some clean eats.

Service:  The service here is absolutely awful.  It really blows my mind how the cashier can stand there and treat me like a second class citizen and she gets paid for it.  I really hope the management sees this so something can be done about this.  ITS RUINING YOUR BUSINESS.  Green and protein is right there where the customers are treated well why would we want to go to you to be treated rudely?

Food: Being a broke college student, all i look for are cheap eats.  The $2.99 chicken bowl is the only reason why i come here.  The bowl is composed of dark chicken meat, white rice, broccoli and zucchini.  Vegetables and meat are fresh but that depends on when the meat is grilled and how recent the vegetables were cut.  I'd recommend adding sriracha to the bowl as well.

Overall: The food is good especially the rice bowl for the amount you pay, the freshness of the ingredients and the portion size but the service is sickening.
Friend and I tried Vegetable bawl and teriyaki bawl.
it took 10minutes to get those.
veggies undercooked.
Food is good and the price is not bad, but the staff is horrible! Bad service every time I go in.
I can't believe this place went south. We used to come here for good teriyaki bowls and good Asian salads and they used to be served freshly prepared.

They're meat used to be freshly grilled, now it seems like they just reheat
Pre-grilled  steak, and served really dry like jerky-dry. I ordered a salad and the wonton crisp strips tasted like they've been in storage for years, like rancid old grease... So disappointed. 

Service went bad too. They have a cashier that barely comprehends English and just nods to everything, like when I had a question about an item, she would nod and just add the item I was asking about to our order assuming we wanted to order it. So frustrating. Ugh! Really disappointed.
What is healthy about this place?  I guess if you count the protein in the cockroaches under the tables.  Very unattractive staff in every way.  They smell like they wear adult diapers and look like they fell from an ugly tree and hit every limb on the way to the ground. The service was horrible and the girl at the register tried to give me change for a $20 bill.  The problem being I gave her a $100 bill.
Did I really just give 5 stars to a fast food joint? Yes I sure did. Like your first love in high school, I fell hard and fast for In n Out over a decade ago and always make it a point to search out and enjoy this yummy goodness. As I'm living in the Midwest now, my opportunities to seek out and enjoy In n Out are few and far between. 

I won't be saying anything that hasn't already been said before about this place, but say it I must. The simplicity of the menu had me doubtful during my first visit, but I quickly found out that when you do something good, you don't have to offer a ton of different things. Although I have learned that there is quite an extensive menu that they will offer upon request. A simple Goggle search and you will see what I mean. 

The burgers are good here, but for me the best and most anticipated part of the visit is the fries. I could literally eat these fries all day long and not get sick of them. Yes, this is a chain restaurant, a fast food joint no less, but for me, it just doesn't get any better than this.
Everytime I go to this In-N-Out burger, I start becoming religious and just pray that I get back out to my car before I get rat-a-tat-tatted up!

The food is mediocre.  The burgers are good but of all places that I've ever ate French Fries at, this place makes the worst.  The only good thing is the menu is small so you can make your decision quickly with one eye on the menu and the other eye watching your 6 (that means behind you...if you didn't know)

The first time I dined in the joint, a family was arguing about fries versus no fries to the point of them almost having a food fight without food.  The second time, a lady was flipping out and I thought we were all going to get rolled up on.

I think my frustrations with this one is just the location.  

On the flip side of this, the employees have always been more than friendly and very professional.  

In-N-Out burgers are good, but I'd strongly recommend hitting up a different one.
The burger and its ingredients were fresher than I expected
I feel the same way about all In-N-Outs..... it's like a little piece of home comfort :)

This location gets an extra star because it's easily accessible & on my way home from work, lol. Easy access!
You folks out West have no idea what you have. Sure, us Easterners have Five Guys and Five Guys is okay - they have more toppings options like grilled mushrooms and jalapenos. But the meat and the cheese and the fries at In-N-Out are better.

So when I was out in Phoenix, I made it a point to stop at an In-N-Out for my dose of double-double. It was just as good as the last time, when I had one at a drive-through in Burbank CA.

Yumminess!

I'm taking off a star because there isn't an In-N-Out for over 1000 miles. Seriously, guys. Bring it to us! We'll make it worth your while and when you do, I'll bump this up to five stars.
This is a wonderful fast food place.  Extremely courteous staff, which is so rare at a fast food restaurant.  The place appeared to be very clean as well.  I am very impressed with the employees.
Always friendly and polite.
Second time this has happened to me.  waited thirty minutes just to get cold food. They need to start hiring more people at night! I saw my food on the county just chilling there until my cashier came from the other side ten minutes later!!!! SERIOUSLY MY FOOD WAS COLD! Never coming back at night ever. btw this was drive thru
Food was great as usual it's what you come to expect from an In N Out. The major problem with this location as mentioned by some other reviewers is the fact that the night shift is a skeleton crew. This causes super long wait times. The location also isn't too great so you really do wanna get in n out!
They're all awesome, all the time. Real fries from freshly cut real potatoes!
It had been 4 years since I last ate In-N-Out Burger in SF, so my friend and I got super excited to find out that Phoenix has In-N-Out nearby a location I was visiting on business trip as well!

I learned from the last time I ate that animal style can make the food felt/taste sickening (the sauce was great..but it was way too much to have it on both burger and fries), so I strategically scaled down the animal style to just my fries :). We each got a cheeseburger with onions, animal-style fries and soda along with chocolate milk shake.

It cost just around $10-11 total for each of us but the taste and the effort to drive here solely for our last lunch destination in Phoenix was great! The vegetables in the burger were so fresh!! I love the fresh veggie crunch in each bite! I must admit that I definitely cannot have this type of food everyday or  evenon a weekly basis (given the calories and the unhealthi-ness probably most optimal to indulge in this ritual just quarterly or yearly)..but after such a long time, it felt great to reunite with this food chain again!!
Holy balls. In N Out does NOT disappoint! This was my first time at In N Out and it was so good we came here twice on our 4-day trip in Arizona.

Double Double Animal style is the way to go. It is the perfect mix of a study yet not too hard bun, tons of crunch lettuce/tomato/pickles, grilled onions are so tasty and the mix of the cheese and spread are SO GOOD.

Definitely a must try!!
Awesome burger and fresh hot fries all the time!  Other fast food burger joints are a gamble, especially thru the drive thru.
dude.  it's in-n-out burger.  

it should be a crime not to have one in your neighborhood.  I really do feel sorry for east coasters when it comes to cheap, fresh, awesome burgers.
Love this place! I'm someone who usually doesn't like to unwrap my food, but it's only half wrapped so it makes an exception ;-) Double Double Animal Style... Mmm...
Today was the first time I ate In-N-Out here in Arizona and I'm proud to say that it was delicious. I've never been a fan of burgers, but In-N-Out was always the exception when I lived in California. It's something about the buns that make it so yummy. Anyways, I ordered a #2: a cheeseburger, fries, and a medium drink. Of course I animal styled them fries. Mm! So mouth watering. Their pink lemonade is really great too. If you're ever here, definitely give it a try.

The prices are so affordable. I never really checked out the prices when I used to live in California because I was never the one to buy the food so I never noticed how cheap everything is. I mean, it's seriously affordable. The meal is about $5.30 (+ tax) which is a normal meal price I guess, but the quality of the food is just perfect that you truly get your money's worth.

Another thing I love about this place is the staff. They are so sweet and outgoing. They're awesome! Anyone who is reading this must stop by at this In-N-Out and enjoy a delightful meal with friends or family.
Burger heaven!  OK Yelp team... you might as well toss this review in the "not recommended" pile, as this is going to be as biased as it gets.  I used to frequent In-N-Out for 5 years in SoCal... it has been over 5 years since my move to back to the east coast.  Currently, on business travel in Phoenix and first chance I get I hire a CAB to come here... Desperate?  Dedicated?  you decide.. either way.. In-N-Out does not disappoint.  I order my usual off menu order of Neopolitan shake, animal style cheese burger and regular cheese burger with onion.  Oh not to forget the animal style fries...  My dear cabbie waited outside as I feasted...  All he could say was that "he understood"..  Just like old times, the delicious flavors meld together in what has got to be one of the finest cheese burger experiences ever.
The best fast food burger joint in the country as far as I'm concerned.  I can't wait until they make their way to Houston...it shouldn't be too long now!
Best Hamburgers on the west coast.  Usually a long line, but its well worth the wait.  This family owed restaurant is opening new locations throughout the southwest.  From Baldwin Park CA, they are now in Nevada, Arizona, and Texas.  If you live west of the Mississippi they might be opening or opened one in your neck of the woods. Hamburgers are made with the freshest ingredients and are made to order.  Beware of the hidden menu it becomes addicting.  I like the fries extra crispy.  The Milk shakes bring a happy ending to a wonderful meal.  If you are heading through the drive thru and they have a double order lane, pay extra attention who is ahead of you.  Usually the business guy is ordering for more than one.  The same with the pick up truck guy, he might be getting the entire work crew an order.  This is not the lane you want to pick.  Instead opt for the guy in the sedan all bye himself usually single or with a friend type cars are the best option because they know what they want and will get through a lot quicker.  Good luck and the best part is you can write a review while you wait for your meal like I am right now! Cheers!
I really enjoyed my experience at the Camelback location....it was dinner & a show. A variety of customers visit this location and they keep it very entertaining
It's Burger King, there's not much to say, but this is a nice, clean location. Good service, 24 hours and they have my favorite drink of all time... VAULT soda on tap lol.
So I usually only go thru the drive thru when it's super late, and to be truthfully honest I do like McDonalds more but sometimes you get that urge for a Whooper! The drive thru is usually really quick and I have never had a problem with an order.  All around I get a solid performance from this Burger King! Stop by if you get a chance, oh and if your not in the mood for a Whooper try their double cheese burger with king sauce, it's Great!!
Burger King as a whole isn't exactly leading the pack in any category as far as fast food, and finding a nice location can be challenging. The employees are generally awful, the food one step away from being unacceptable and they never seem to be clean. This one doesn't strive to get past that, or really do anything beyond the bare minimum of what's expected.

This is important to know if you care about your order being correct. Every single time I go here, without fail, they get the order wrong in pretty major ways. Number of items, toppings, side selections, it's total crap shoot. Even the act of ordering turns into an ordeal as communication consistently falters. I don't know if they have trouble hearing me, if it's the language barrier or they just don't care. I believe it's all three. Just pay us and go!

Food quality is consistently average. Not horrible, but still soggy, greasy, and otherwise hastily thrown together with all the care of a child putting away toys. And it's never warm enough. Eating here always leaves me feeling kind of gross, enveloped in a cloud of shame. But what really makes me never want to go back is how clearly lazy and spiteful the service seems to be. Asking for one burger to be different from another is too much work. Frying the rings long enough to be crispy takes too long. Keeping track of who's who in the drive thru... they're not getting paid enough for that.
It's been a couple years since I got a whopper at BK... And it was horrible.. I remember I used to get these on base all the time and the burgers were flame broiled and pretty damn good. These burgers taste like frozen AM PM PATTIES.. Just gross.. The franchise must be under a new CEO  or owner but I will not come back..  I didn't want a .50 cent burger for $6
Where we check the box where it says "Good For" there should be a "nothing" box
Easily the worst Burger King in Vegas.. Maybe the nation. Last night I went though the drive thru because I wanted to try the new whopper, after waiting 20 min. I finally get my order and bring it home only to find out it wasn't my order.. Tonight I go there because I really want to try the new whopper and again after waiting 20+ min. They forgot half my order. I won't be back. And if the owner does end up reading this review then he should seriously consider finding new management!
Refuses to get order right. You orser a whopper with no onions.....how hard is that to accomplish.  Be ready for them to mess up a simple order.
The king is really doing it big. It's fun new casual look is so cool. Also it has a indoor playground very nice staff and to top it all lots of new things on the menu. The food is hot the store is super clean. Try the new peach tea its a personal favorite of mine.
We went to this Burger King for supper on Saturday night before we went grocery shopping... My husband ordered the new bacon cheddar stuffed burger meal and I ordered a whopper with cheese. We also ordered a 10pc chicken nuggets.  My husbands burger was sooo burned it was actually black!! and much smaller than the bun was.  The chicken nuggets had obviously been sitting for quite some time..they were shriveled up and dried out looking and they tasted quite nasty!! We had them at a different BK a couple of weeks ago and they were hot and fresh and very tasty there when they were fresh!!! These ones were awful!!!   We thru them out!! At one point as we were eating, my husband told me to look towards the kitchen area, so I did... What we assumed to be the manager, was standing by the fryer, picking his nose!!!!!  This is not something you want to see right after your food just came from there!!  They had some kind of Jazz music playing that was not relaxing or enjoyable... after my husband took the three what was suppose to be onion rings off of his very burned burger, he tried to eat it but could not finish it, it just wasn't edible... the onion rings were either very old and hard or fried waaaaay too long because he could not even bite into them... This meal was just not a good experience at all... I don't think we will be going back to this BK!!!!!
Don't think I'll be going here again. My fries were soggy and almost raw and my "premium" chicken sandwich (#6) was disgusting. I took two bites and trashed it. I don't expect much from fast food but this was just gross.
I was starving for breakfast, it was 10:34 when I rolled into the drive thru (thanks to the idiot driving 10 miles under the speed limit and me being stuck behind him on 215). I'm from the East Coast where BK does breakfast on Sundays until 11 am, thought I was safe. However when I got into the drive thru, they informed me that they were no longer serving breakfast. However, Nicole (from Kenmore, NY) the drive thru girl went and asked the cooks if they could make me a breakfast burrito and they very sweetly did. The burrito was delicious and the service was even better. So I want to thank the staff and especially Nicole and the young man also at the window. They really went above and beyond the call of service and I will certainly be heading up to this BK again and will be calling corporate to let them know that they have got some great employees at this store.
This Jack in the Box opened only a few days before I wrote this review, I had been anxiously awaiting the opening of this location because the closest Jack in the Box in Centennial Hills had been Craig & Tenaya off the 95 until now. I went and chcked it out as soon as it opened. We all know what food Jack Box offers us, so I won't waste anytime on that. The food I did get was pretty fresh and tasty like it should be, but took a little long to come out to the table. I will give them the benefit of doubt for now, because it was quite busy inside and in the drive thru as it had just opened days ago. This location is unique as the inside dinning layout is completly different from what we are all use to with Jack in the Box, all of the old locations being the same pretty much. This one really hits the mark. Stylish, clean, has a really good feel inside. Extra kudos to this location for having the touch screen order kiosk right at opening, and the fountain drink selection is bigger too. I will be going back often, I'm so excited!
Guilty pleasure-their churros.

It has like a cinammon cream inside. Nothing like biting on a warm churro...thing though it has a tendency to squirt out the cream! Just a warning. I got it on a light colored shirt and stained it. 

Now the big complaint is that if you do late night drive thru- check your bags before driving away. 

We've gone only a few times and they forgot things 3 times maybe out of 5 visits....and somehow it's always what the BF ordered since he orders a few smaller things and I just usually want just a salad and churros.

Also don't assume they put the proper sauces in your bag- he got a appetizer trio and didnt get marinara, ranch or sweet and sour. 

Nothing makes me more irritated than going home and things are missing that you paid for and now theres not enough food. So don't do it to yourself...check it because they're not paying attention at this location.

I should add that they just opened, so hopefully it's just a learning curve and not the usual disposition of the staff here.
Always delicious! Never ceases to fill my tummy. Freshly made fast food. Courteous service and very prompt. Very clean restaurant inside and out. Safe area to eat t versus other locations in and around Las Vegas. English speaking employees!
Number 1 on sourdough. Try it and you'll be hooked. That being said, I drop coin in JITB all over the valley and am pleasantly surprised that the best service is here in Centennial Hills. #score
Fast and efficient location, whether you dine in or drive thru. I never have to wait more than a few minutes for my food and it never gets too crowded inside. They used to have a self order kiosk, which was pretty awesome, but I just noticed that it's not there anymore so now you have to wait in line even when using a credit/debit card.
= = = = = = THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE KFC DAILY BUFFET! = = = = = =

Ever wish you could go to a KFC & be able to eat all you want of everything for one low price?  Well, your wish has come true!  Just wheel down to this KFC, where they serve up 28 trays (plus dressings & sauces) of all the delicious chicken & everything else they carry, every day from 10 AM to 7 PM, with their all-you-can-eat buffet!

Mike C. & I whipped down there today & pigged out on all the great chicken varieties, mashed potatoes & gravy, fried okra, corn fritters, cole slaw, hot apple pie, & much more.  This is a serious feast for only $7.59/$6.59 Sr.!    :-))
To start with i have always liked KFC and to go to one that was a buffet was awesome.  Well they had three different types of chicken two types of mashed potatoes and gravy , greens , deep fried battered veggies ,coleslaw , macaroni and potato salad , green and baked beans.All were good , for dessert I had hot apple pie with whipped cream. canned peaches. canned pineapple and vanilla pudding. A great feast for being at KFC.
= = = = = = KFC DAILY BUFFET! = = = = = =

Wow, it's been almost two years since getting around to this one, & that's too long!  So today, joined by Arlin B. & Mike C. it was a trip back down here for an amazing feast of fried & BBQ style chicken, mashed potatoes & gravy, macaroni & cheese, corn, chard, salad, cottage cheese, chicken fried steak, biscuits & all the other things that KFC serves.  (See more in my original review.)

This buffet gives you all this plus help yourself beverages for only $7.99/$6.99 Sr.

They did sometimes let something run out for a few minutes, but with that said, it was quite a lunch by the time we were finished, & I'd say this Buffet is not to be missed if you love good chicken!     :-))
Wow, it's been a long time since I've been to KFC, but I was craving some original recipe fried chicken. I ordered a three piece meal, but I noticed that they have a buffet for 7.99, which was more value for your money and a three piece meal and comes with all the different chickens, sides, drink and dessert! Great to know there is a KFC nearby to count on when I have a craving!
This is a great, quality Taco Bell recently built with fast service and consistant food. I love Taco Bell because it's cheap and yummy!
5 Layer Beefy Cheesy Burrito is bomb.
I also like the new Beefy Crunch Burrito (if eaten right away & it still "crunches"). :)
Vegan 5 layer burrito, no cheese, no sour cream
I got home with a hard taco, felt light and when I looked down at it, there was no meat. Just lettuce and cheese. Mmmmm salad taco, that was worth 89 cents! Not. Same day my entire order tasted like cardboard and the Hawaiian lady at the window was completely rude. If I see her at the window after placing my order, I just keep driving thru the line, don't need her attitude. The boys who work there are funny, forgetful but funny. Was once given 3 drinks and no straws, so I had to park and go inside for them, he apologized and all was forgiven. Be an airhead and polite and I'll forgive you, but be an airhead and rude? You get 2 stars!
Have to make a list for just fast food. This place is always an easy go to for some cheep not so mexican: mexican food. I still have yet to find a mexican pizza in a mexican establishment. Easy, cheep, good and drive through make this Taco Bell on of my weekly spots for a quick bite. I even tried the Dorrito Taco (meh not for me). I usually get the same drive through employee and she is always super nice.
What is there to say about a Taco bell.....? This one actually filled up the taco shell with more than just lettuce. I ordered 2 Hard Tacos and a Mexican Pizza. I was impressed by the amount of stuffing in the tacos. The pizza had a nice amount of tomatos also. Good job Taco Bell.
So I'm in the drive thru with my husband and a rude employee waits on us she a hard stud this means she looks like a guy....anyway the husband hands her my hello kitty bank of America visa as payment and she has the nerve to say well, this is not manly enough for u sir...so my husband replies well its not manly enough for eather of us it belongs to a lady and that lady is my wife and I spoke up I'm like excuse u chick don't ever dis respect my husband he's a real man with a real wife she had a deer in the head light look on her face and said here is your order...I was like no the word your seeking is I'm sorry...you don't attack people like that as a lesbian woman you should know better! Will I return to this location? No.
"Yo Quiero Taco Bell!" 

For a Taco Bell this is one of the better locations. The food is consistent and they've never forgotten anything through the drive through. (Sucks big time when that happens) We've never dined in so I can't say how the inside looks or how clean it is. For me that's usually the first thing I want to know. 

One of the best things they added was the salsa verde. My son is always upset because he wants to use hot sauce like mom and dad, but it was too spicy for him. Now he use about 2 packets per taco. "Don't forget my green sauce mom." Lol

Honestly there's not much more to say about a fast food joint. We usually frequent this establishment on a night we need something easy, fast and close.
Went to this location for lunch today. Get there early, it is a small park lot and gets packed quick then you will need to park on the side of the street and walk to the plaza. 

They have a simple menu: bowls, yakisoba, wraps, salads, value meals, etc. 

I got the teriyaki bowl with dark meat chicken regular size. It is served over a bed of rice with fresh grilled veggies and their teriyaki sauce for $4.69. The quantity of food is quite small compared to other Japanese fast foods. The teriyaki is a little sweeter than I like. I still prefer my lunch spot Blue Fin.
Food was pretty good.  I've had the chicken with vegetables bowl, and the 'riceless bowl'.   I would recommend getting the sauce on the side, as they usually drench it on there.  Veges are pretty good and the price is ok.
A work colleague recommended we go here for a quick lunch in between meetings. He's local to Phoenix so trusting him, I figured, would be wise. 

I was right. 

There is not a lot of variety on the menu but that's sort of the point. This is a specialty-type place, and what is here is very good. A wide assortment of rice dishes and wraps/burritos are available. I ordered the Wrap and Roll Teriyaki. It was outstanding in every respect. Think BIG burrito and small egg roll, which complemented each other quite well. 

It's a casual place with soda machines and a friendly, efficient staff. 

But next time I'm going for one of those rice bowls. They looked pretty good.
Fantastic yacki soba with white chicken bowel.  A definite must!
This Time ,,, Not So Good 

I have always had a high-quality, hot meal that tastes great at Samurai Sam's. The staff is always friendly and you're greeted the minute you walk in the door.  However, today I was very disappointed in the quality of the food.

I ordered a Steak Yakisoba Bowl, pot stickers, and drink. After placing my order I was handed a cup so I headed over to the soft drinks, and even before I poured my drink the cashier put my tray on the counter and told me my meal was ready. I grabbed my tray and headed for my table.  After taking just one took bite I realized my meal wasn't hot, it couldn't even be considered warm.  So I brought my dish back up to the counter, where the cashier apologized and advised she would get me a new "hot" dish.

A few minutes later my meal was replaced and it was very hot (smoking to be exact), it was also very tasteless. The vegetables, a mix of cabbage, broccoli and carrots had no flavor whatsoever and the steak was so dry and overcooked from being re-heated that it was impossible to eat.  The potstickers were terrible, they were hard, dry, and over cooked.   This was the first time that I ate very little and was not able  to finish what I ordered even tho I was hungry... I just couldn't do it.
Pretty good teriyaki food
I usually stick with the chicken, rice, and veggie bowl
A major plus for me is that they have SRIRACHA
The rice is usually good and fairly sticky
The meat is tender 
The veggies are surprisingly very good too
The teriyaki sauce adds good flavor
This is more of a review of costumer service than the food quality which I'm sure is good if I had a chance to order it. I walked in to this location and was greeted by the employee at the counter. While I was looking over the menu the employee says something to her other employee which I didn't quite catch, but once the person in back responded she said that they were closed for the day. It was 4:50, and I asked what time they closed. She responded with 5:00 and I replied back, ok, so you are still open? No, we closed early today. While leaving, I looked for something with their store hours and nothing was displayed, but their neon "OPEN" sign was shining bright. Yay for lazy employees!
I had the kids teriyaki bowl. I normally don't like teriyaki, but there's was good. Pretty good prices and a nice variety of items. They have China Myst tea, which is delicious!
I was the only one in line, and it still took 15 minutes to get my order. When I finally received my order, they were missing half of it and almost let me walk away. When I did get the food it was cold, and the soda was semi-flat. 

I would not recommend this place, and will not be returning.
Although I admit that the service at this restaurant is painfully slow at times, I think their food is excellent.  I love their chicken and probably eat here (or at the sister store in Waterloo) at least once a week.
i think the one star is way to much .Myself and my wife went there for lunch we ordered 2- 3 piece chicken tenders combo's (about $20) we waited about 10 -15 minutes to get the food (a little long when we were they only people in the place). We got our food and mine was the left over from earlier my wife was Ok so I took them back up and asked them to give me some that were hot she said Ok it will be 5 to 6 minutes i said Ok, well after I got the order back I started eating and the second and third piece was raw in the middle ,so we went and told them she said ohhhh sorry we said you can kill people with this way of cooking. i would never go back if they offered me the store..................think about going here
For years we have seen Popeye's Chicken advertised on American television networks, so we were pleased when we found one here in Kitchener.

The comments about service being painfully slow were still true today.  There was no one ahead of us in line, one family seated and eating, and yet it took 10-15 minutes for two small meals.  This was due to the chicken needing to be cooked fresh, but the fries were ready and cooked.

The rip'n' chicken combo for $4.99 was an okay deal.  It's a chicken breast basically cut into chicken fingers, breaded, and fried, so it looks like a hand (easy for children and simple to eat). It also includes a medium soft drink and cajun fries (the only kind of fries).

The chicken was fresh and juicy.  The breading is chewy and doesn't have much flavour.  The chicken and breading was noticeably less salty and less greasy than KFC.

The fries were sitting under the heat lamp and were stale. They tasted freezer burnt and just didn't taste like they were fresh or quality potatoes.  I would suggest trying another side, like the cajun rice or mac 'n' cheese.

Their dipping sauces are good: they have a blackened ranch sauce and a cajun mustard sauce, which has horseradish. They were a spicy complement to the chicken fingers.

This location charges 90 cents for pop refills. I'm not sure if this is location specific or  Popeyes' policy, but they're clearly out of sync with restaurants like McDonald's or KFC offering free refills.

In all, this is a welcome contrast to KFC: different, delicious, but lacking some of the customer service traits to drive customers into the restaurant.
unfriendly staff, food wasn't cooked very well, place is worn out and has a funny smell to it...Never will i go back there, this place is dying.
I am new to the area, but i learned not to eat here. 
They either need to close or to renovate the place and change "unhappy" staff
By far the best fried Chicken from a fast food restaurant.  However they do miss out on the fast food concept.  As with everyone else coments the service is painfully slow, even if your the only one in the store.  However the fried chicken is so good compared to you know who's with 9 secret ingredients (8 of which I think is salt)  I continue to give them my service based on food alone.  It seems when I do order a 3 pc. tender's I usually get and extra piece or two for the wait any ways with out asking so it kinda makes up for it.
So glad I decided to try out this filipino restaurant for lunch today!!!  The place was nice and clean.  Very spacious.  The food was in those buffet line looking warmer, and they have so many varieties.  The chairs were kinda uncomfortable though.  There was no cushion.  But after eating the food, I forgot about the non-cush for my tush.  

Pancit Palabok-The noodles were bigger than the ones I had before at Jollibee or Goldilocks.  It had a nice thick layer of pork rinds on top.  This adds texture and flavor to this awesome dish.  We asked for 6 wedges of lemon and squeeze them all on this dish, mix it around and wa la!!!  Pure DELICIOUSNESS!!!!  I must say this is the best pancit palabok I have eaten!

Lechon Kawali (Pan Roasted Pork)-roasted nicely with the right amount of crispiness to it.  Wasn't hard at all.  I usually get this at the chinese bbq restaurants, but this is a contender.  Wow, I am pleasantly surprise.  Love this.

Beef Caldereta (Filipino Beef Stew)-I recently decided to eat as little beef as possible, but I did try this.  The chunks of beef was tender, the stew was nice and comforting, with the yummy taste of different veggies that it was simmered in.  I somehow tasted a peanutty flavor, in which I was never a fan of peanuts.  However, this is still a nicely composed dish.  

Pork Adobo-So good!  I love tender pork.  What can I say?  Who doesn't right?  Full of flavor.  Yummy!

Dinuguan (Pork blood stew)-The color may look scary to some (ME!), but it's a savory stew of blood and meat simmered in a thick, spicy gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili and vinegar.  I am one to experiment with food so I tried it.  It's bursting with flavors!  

Halo Halo-This was yummy too!!!  It has the typical beans in the Halo Halo, the ice was easy to chew, and it has a scoop of halo halo ice cream on top.  It was missing the rice crispies though.  I found a small chunk of banana it it...which was a bit different then the ones I had at Goldilocks and Jollibee.  But I still enjoyed it.

The staff were very friendly and helpful.
Food was flavorful...Love Them!!!!!!  Yay, this is my favorite Philipino Food Place!!!

Oh, and the 2 items with rice is only for $5.49...So cheap and yummy!!!!
I tried this place out because one of our friends ordered party trays at their party of the Pork Adobo, and it was a hit!  We wanted to see and try this place.....

Location -  very interesting - tucked away and not easiest to find

Decoration  - very simple, but comfortable and large enough to have large parties.

Food - more buffet based, what is cooked is in the large aluminum trays on heaters, so this is what is available. If you go at wrong times, you are not going to get what you may want.

Menu - Good Selection, but based on what is already cooked.  Checked out the selection of baked goods available for sale too.  

Service - You are served at the food line and they know their stuff and will let you try some things. Ask questions and they are very helpful.

Overall, nice place to try out filipino food, and the food quality is good for sure.  I just found it to be very salty for my taste, and a bit on the expensive side.  However, I will try it again for sure.
I came back for more, but this time, they ran out of what I really wanted to eat or don't have what I've been looking for.

Binagoongan-this is pork in salted shrimp paste.  I really wanted to eat this dish, but they didn't cook it today either.  They did recommend me something that is kinda similar and gave me a taste of it but since there is a peanut butter taste, I didn't like too much.

Ok, that's fine, so I wanted the lechon, but they ran out :(

So for my two items with rice, I chose the safe route and got the pork adobo.  Yum yum like the first time.  For the second item, I asked the guy there whether the fried fish or intestine taste better, and he said the intestine.  It was kind of salty.  I kinda stayed away from this after a few bites.  These fried intestines could definitely be made with less salt.

Their lumpia shanghai was good.  Nice little appetizer to munch on.

I tried the melon cooler this time, and it was pretty decent.  I will order it again.

So lesson learned, call them prior to making a visit to see what they got cooking.  Service is still awesome.
Had lunch here today. The place is brand new; they are still setting up all their decorations. Well, maybe that's their Christmas stuff.

Anyway, it's your standard Filipino buffet-style layout. It was $5-something for two items with rice. I went with Menudo and Sinigang. I'm a bit of a quail egg addict, so when I saw all those quail eggs on top of the Menudo, I was sold. Unfortunately, I only got one. Boo. Both of the items were as good as I would hope. I also got their Melon drink (cantaloupe) and it was delicious.

I like the decor of the place. It feels friendly, inviting, and clean! They have a couple of TVs in the back - one for you to get your TFC or GMA or whatever fix and the other was playing ESPNews.

I like this place enough to return. It's a good drive from work, but it's on my lunch list.

3.5 stars (Sorry Teri C... I'm going to start biting your style... when necessary)
This place just opened up near my house so one day the BF and I stopped by for a snack:
-2 Chicken Barbecue Sticks- Good but I think I would prefer it if my stick wasn't double dunked in the sauce- sauce overload but good
-Lumpia (eggrolls)- Salty Good (I like salty, better than bland) The lumpia was good
I look forward to trying the pancit and veggie eggrolls
The inside is clean and service is fast- I can't stand the smell though- not a typical bad smell just a strong food smell- so I will take my food to go
Disclaimer:  This review is written by a non-Filipino....

I have eaten at Fiesta Filipina three times now.  The first time I was there, the pancit was the best I'd ever eaten, and the BBQ chicken was just marvelous.  I am a sucker for pancit, so I ate it the next 2 times I was there...but something had changed.  The 2nd time, it was so full of big celery chunks, that's about all that was in it.  The noodles were a lot thinner than before (and clumped together), and I literally had 2 small pieces of chicken in it.  The 3rd time it was better than the 2nd, but still not as good as the first time....I guess it depends on who makes it.  Also on our 3rd visit, my BBQ chicken was very cold.

My husband likes their lechon (sp?), and has had it twice.  He has also had the sinigang, and I tasted some.  (Honestly, I like my hubby's better, but he said it was good).

The fried plaintains (not sure the proper name for them) are wonderful!

Overall, I think (other than the pancit), that their portion size is just a bit on the small size.

Taste:  Pretty good, but some consistency issues.

The place looks very nice, although we have always gotten our food to go, so I cannot comment on how comfortable it is.

Will definitely go again.....but am losing patience on the consistency of their pancit.
Got homesick in the office this afternoon, and had a real hankering for some authentic Filipino food.  Luckily for me, it's right around the corner from my work.  Walked in, and  was actually impressed by the clenliness and decoration of the establishment.  They had a great selection on the steam table, and none of the food looked like it had been there for three days.  Got the sinigang, and they make it just how I love it, sour.  Will make this a regular lunch spot for sure.
I've been waiting for a good Filipino food place since I've moved to Vegas (having refused to learn how to cook it properly myself). 

This place is like a rebound SO; it won't replace your true love, but it helps ease the sting of not having them. Their food wasn't just like home cooking, but tasted close enough that I would come back.

For my first visit, I went very basic:
Lumpia shanghai: Good recipe, but they need to either cook smaller batches or keep them warmer b/c lukewarm definitely decreases taste.

Sinigang beef: Nice moderate tamarind flavor that will be easily tolerated by the masses (my ideal sinigang is super sour, so I'm not going to knock points off because this one wasn't). Beef was very tender and fell right off the bones. 

Turon: Same as the lumpia (need to keep these puppies warmer!). Also, would have liked to see some jackfruit mixed in to up the sweetness level. 

Pancit bihon: Nice consistency to the noodles (not too soggy). 

Nice ambiance inside too with the ABS-CBN blaring from a nice flatscreen. People unfamiliar w/ Filipino food beware: it's buffet style service a la Panda Express, but without the helpful placards telling you what the dishes are.
It was my sons baptism after party and we needed some quick filipino food that wouldn't take all day. I heard great thing about this place and its right down the street. We ordered two orders of krispy pata, an order of pancit, an order of kalderata and all there turrone. It was 15 minutes, hot and tasty. Food was delicious and service was friendly.

Many filipino restaurants that I've experienced have really bland tasting food. That is probably made in huge, huge pots. But there are a couple great tasting filipino restaurants in LV and I'm glad. I am a fan. Thank you.
I had a craving for Filipino food after work, so I decided to finally make a visit to Fiesta Filipina Cuisine. I have been driving past this place and I was curious to try it. 

I walked in and first noticed the shelves full of baked Filipino goods. I was really tempted to pick up several packages of kutchinta (orange sticky rice flour cake) or puto (white rice cake), but I had to refocus and remind myself why I was there.

I was there for fast, to-go Filipino food. And that is what I got. I was immediately greeted by the friendly lady behind the counter and she knew what I wanted. "Combination platter?" Yes, please.

Out of the 12 or so dishes, I chose my usual favs: kare kare (peanut sauce stew with oxtail/beef) and sinigang (a tamarind sour soup with beef and vegetables). I also got suckered into a large piece of toron (fried banana egg roll).

The food overall was pretty good. I can't help but compare it to my mom or lola's cooking. The sinigang was the best of it all. I'd go back for that alone. I was kind of disappointed that the kare kare didn't have tripe in it, but I can't blame them keeping it out for mainstream purposes. And the toron was a little burnt, but the taste wasn't bad.

In the end, I would return here to fulfill a spontaneous Filipino craving and to purchase some of those desserts on the shelves. I also saw that they have crispy pata, which really excites me. I wanted to order it then, but I couldn't justify buying that large delicious hunk of fried crispy pork all for myself. ...or can I?
I live near this place so if I'm ever desperate...it's a good default place.  
I finally stopped by to try it and see if I will be coming here a lot. 
I guess I will only go if I am around that area and if at all. 

I park and the outside looks inviting.  Lots of decor that reminds me of home.  (Philippines)  The decor inside was very native and warm.  The place looks clean and the TV was on and OMG what a surpise TFC was on.  (I don't really care about the TFC part-lol)
There was a guy behind the counter who was not very talkative until I asked for what i chose.  
TILAPIA- good, crispy and was flour dipped which was nice and helped keep its crunchiness.
MONGO- kinda thin, the pork fat was really more fat, lacked flavor, bland and had bokchoy (?).  I guess I''m used to ampalaya and spinach.  
DINUGUAN-was not cooked enough and the "timpla" was not right.  I guess it was authentic since they used a lot of non-meaty parts (prob belly and and fatty stuff since it's cheaper).
VEGETABLE LUMPIA-nice and big, however greasy and lacked flavor.
PORK SIOPAO- all dough and not much filling.  

You can tell where they skimped on quality and lack of taste.   

I will try one more time and maybe different dish.  - then I'll just add an addendum to my review.
The ladies at Fiesta Filipina were very patient with me. As I pointed to something they described what it was. 
I was very pleased with my selections. 

I have had Pancit and Lumpia, so I was able to try something new. 
I'm sorry but I don't know the names of the dishes, but I will do my best to try and explain what I got. 
I got something like beef stew, w/ rice that was very good, along with some pork with gravy w/ rice, this was a little salty, but it was still good. 

The lumpia was OK, and I loved the pancit. 

I also got the fried banana's wasn't my cup of tea, I liked it without the bananas 

I thought for all the food I got it was very reasonable!
I LOVE FIESTA FILIPINA. me and my plus 1, went 3 days in 1 week once! i they're setup is buffet line and you pick and choose your selections. each menu item may be a different price, but they also have combination plates. had different selections every time i went and thats what fun about this place, every time you come try something different! pork bbq sticks are juicer and have more flavor than chicken bbq sticks. rice of course and sinagang (soup) they make it just like how my grandma use to make it! the soup itself is complimentary so ask for just the broth and soak your rice! the other times, we ordered fried fish and he ordered fried pork.. i'm not a fan of fried pork but fried fish with the soy sauce/ lemon tasted so good! their palabok (white noodle, orange sauce) i was very disappointed in. dry and not enough flavor, there wasn't chicaron (pork grinds) to add on top of the dish, which usually gives the noodle dish a crunch. some must have: sinagang, pancit (dried noodles), and turon (jackfruit and banana glazed eggroll) =) it's great that they open this location in henderson. my parents are pleased that this cuisine is bringing out the filipino in me!
What a wonderful surprise.  This is my first time trying Filipino food.  If you like Chinese, Indian, Thai, and Spanish food you'd love Filipino food as much as I did.
The decor, the servers, the cook, even the clients seemed to be very Filipino.  
I Tried the Lumpiang Shanghai (similar to spring rolls), Beef Caldereta (super soft beef in tomato sour stew), and Sinigang na Baboy ( lime based soup with super soft chunks of pork)
 I'm definitely coming back...
Glad they opened this location so that I don't have to drive all the way up to the one on Jones and Desert Inn!

The food was fresh. Ordered a juicy tasting pork skewer, pancit canton, and beef steak. I was skeptical and picky about trying the vegetable lumpia because my mom's is my favorite but this one was also good as well. Will come here the next time I need my filipino food fix!
Fiesta Filipina is another good Filipino restaurant gone bad.  I was in love with this place when it first opened!  Everything about this restaurant was legit, from the theme, food and decor. Not baduy, or bakya at all, looking classy with all the Filipino paintings/decor. After more trips, and a few months later it went down the same horrible path as other Filipino restaurants.  Shit service and a shittier smell. 

The service is always good, unless you get the female worker.   Beware of the female worker!!!  Trust, she is not hard to spot.  She's the cashier queen.

-Tore up from the floor up
-Caked up face thicker than the earths crust.
-The most vibrant, electric, blinding eyeshadow. 

Whenever she takes our order, or rings us up she always rushes.  Rushing leads to confusion, confusion leads to pissed off customers and bad reviews.  She kept on saying "extra charge for credit,  so i give turon .50 cents, .50 cents!!" In her mind that means, I'll say the charge is .50 cents, but its really a few bucks, and I wont give you any turon- ___-
  

I felt raped, robbed and broke after leaving the restaurant.  The food was shit too. 

-Barbecue is good. But  DONT use the same brush you use to baste raw meat, to baste the cooked ones too :) Big mistake and health hazard. 

-Carioka was hard, tough to chew and over priced.

-Ukoy was (excuse my language) the worst fucking shit ever. Honestly, do yourselves a favor and never make it again.  Paste is what it is, thick pasty batter that was slightly fried.

-Puto was pasty, and a few were rotten, before the sell by or expire date.

I guess if you need a Filipino food fix, come to this place early, and stick to simple dishes.
These guys are also fast and excellent when I order takeout food. Their lumpia shanghai platter is not only cheaper than at Goldilock's but is also cheaper.
I must say I've never given a 1 star rating to any business until now, but I just had to this time for this restaurant. We went there on Sunday July 17, 2011. The food was actually pretty good, we ordered the pork and chicken barbecue, mongo, pork adobo, halo halo, lechon, and a few other dishes. 

I was with a group of 6 people, and after we ate here 5 out of 6 of us got sick from the food. Diarrhea, Fever, Chills, and puking. I rarely get food poisoning from restaurants, so something must of been seriously wrong with their cleanliness. We also noticed that most of the food we ordered was cold, (except for the rice) we think that was the reason we got food poisoning. It's highly possible that the cold food had some sort of parasites causing us to get ill. Luckily my pregnant wife was the only one who did not get sick, even our 1 year old niece got sick, so NOT worth it.

I will NEVER go back to this place. Fiesta Filipina Cuisine, please heat your food properly otherwise you are a health hazard.
Ok so my hubby decided to eat out for dinner tonight as the food he was cooking would not be ready for quite some time and we were both hungry.  Since our last visit to a filipino restaurant was lacking the flavors he is used to he wanted to go to Fiesta for a redemption on the steak and onions that he last had at another filipino restaurant.  The following is what we ordered:

Steak and Onions: The steak was thinly cut and tender while the onions  freshly laid on top.  Some of the onions had been marinating in the sauce so it was a tad soggy.  The sauce was just right and exactly how he liked it.

Lechon: small a la carte is enough to feed two people so it was a good sized portion for both of us.  Some pieces were a little too well done as it had a burnt taste.

Pork Adobo:  Now this was one oily, greasy dish!  The server put so much oil with the pork that looking at it made me nauseas.

Beef Calderetta (sp?): This is always my favorite and tonight was no different.  The beef was tender and fell apart to the touch.  The potatoes, carrots and red bell peppers were also just right as they hadn't been sitting there for too long.

Turon: overly sweet.  Seemed like it had been soaking in sugar and then fried.  The wrapper was covered in carmelized sugar.  I've had turon before and a good turon does NOT need to be drenched in sugar...my 4 year old liked it...maybe because he thought it was candy.

Overall our experience here is average.  The service is so so.  Wish they would give more rice as it seems their scoop is extra small...and you know you need rice with every filipino dish!  Will definitey be going back there again.
Food: The typical stews and stir-fry's are good, but I have to recommend the Barbecue. You can see them grill it behind the counter. The meat is tender, and the BBQ sauce is really good.

Service: Cafeteria style. Don't expect much.

Ambience: Typical Filipino fast-food asthetic: tacky.
Been there two times. First time was the bomb, younger guy heck of nice.  2nd time not so great younger gal kind of rude. Food is great but need to work on customer service. :(
Zero stars and 2 thumbs down. Talk about poor customer service.  I entered this restaurant and no warm greeting or welcome. The flies fled on the food as well as in the vicinity of the entire restaurant  as if it was a breeding ground for this insects I nearly gagged. A friend recommended this fast food filipino restaurant to my family and I, so I  decided to give it a try. The workers behind the counter a buff young gentleman took our order quick to response to any questions I had to ask about the food selections and dishes as if I was a bother and inconvenience.No smiles but big frown is all my family and I were given. It was time to pay and a younger thin Asian younger lady at the cashier displayed  the same poor customer skills. I think she got a little irritated as we asked her our drink options and our orders was mixed up with another order that was charged by error.When we got our food and sat the flies travelled in numbers as we lost our appetite and took the food to go.  I will not be returning to this restaurant anytime soon. Thanks for the poor customer service skills I hope you take the time to train your family employees the true meaning of Customer Service.
I was such a fan of the restaurant on Jones and used to go there everyday for lunch. My office moved and it became out of the way, that's why I was so excited once they opened this one on Rose Parkway. Everything from the Lumpia to the Halo-Halo is amazing. I love pretty much all the items on the menu so it's difficult to choose each time I go. I get the Barbecue A LOT! So Good!! We threw a retirement party there for my co-worker last month, the staff was so accommodating and made sure everything was perfect. They treat you like family if you've been there once or a hundred times. If you are looking for authentic Filipino food and fantastic service, look no further, this is the place.
food here is pretty good. Have to go with someone that knows there Filipino food or you wont know what your getting. Small place all homemade and fresh. Items on the menu that they carry are the fast moving items. You can sit inside and eat as well as take out. 


we dined in and saw the place fill up twice, like line out the door. Not that many people dined in that night we were there. 


I would go back just for the BBQ Pork and Adobo. very good.
Crisy Pata FTW!!!! We always have to order a large for the table or for home along with whatever combos we get.  Its a must try.  Dip with the soy sause that they provide or the lechon sauce.
Ewie Ewie Ewieeee PASS ! Service was friendly though .
Great place to eat. Its very clean, some filipino restraunts are dirty. The food is off the chain!!!!
I'm from Cali here on vacay, heard about this place from some friends who live out here. Jon greeted us the second we walked thru the door and the staff was very quick, professional, and happy! The food was hands-down one of the best I've had in a long time and the place was cute and clean. The BBQ chicken, taro leaves, cantelope juice, and halo halo were my favs!!! One of the employees even stopped by our table to ask how our food was and if we needed anything. I will def b stopping by here every time I'm in town!!! Def a must GO!
Filipino food super close to my house in Henderson... shooooooot.

i even took my boy from manilla here, and we went nuts on some pretty good pinoy grub.

the GRUB:
- chicken adobo... salty, soury, peppery chicken stew... a good version of a very philippine food staple... mix the sauce in your rice with a little patis for the real deal.
- chicken bbq stick... red like tocino or char siu sauce, sweet and charred over fire... very tasty
- they dont have Sisig on the line up ever (because you have to order it in advanced only) but they do have lechon kawali - fried pork belly - which is pretty dang awesome with hot white rice and mang thomas sauce
- lumpia (shanghai) was standard fare - dip in the spicy jufran for a kick
- my friend ordered chicharon bulaklak and mung-go beans... and said it reminded him so much of home... it was that good
- HIGHLIGHT: CRISPY PATA !!! nothing like the picture on the wall... made to order (done in like 5 mins) - but a deliciously deep fried pig hip with crispy chicharon skin, soft roasted-like pork meat on the inside, and on the bone w tendon attatched for extra eats - so much flavor... it is accompanied with a house dipping sauce of soy sauce, vinegar, garlic and hot chilis... so awesome.
- turon (banana fritter), babinka especial (rice cake with cream cheese), leche flan (caramel custard), halo halo (filipino shaved ice and ice cream sundae), and calimansi or ube or mango shake... all yummy choices for dessert
- they have canned soda only (booooooo!!!) - but at least they have sarsi soda... or the fresh cantaloupe juice drink.

the JOINT:
- best comment from my manilla friend: "ferds, this might be the cleanest pilipino restaurant ive been to here in the states... actually, anywhere for that matter."
- plenty of seating, plenty of light
- very filipino decor... including a small seating section that looks like a backyard (barrio) fiesta / straw islander hut / hawaiian lanai
- there should be alot of available parking in the strip mall
- 3 46" LCDs - usually showing TFC, but i have seen sports on too - like the NFL playoffs (49ers) or NBA games (Lakers)

the SQUEEZE:
- about $9 for the combo and the drink
- $14 for the crispy pata - but i think it feeds a family of 4 - ha!
- everyone if very helpful and friendly
- cash and card is accepted

FINAL SAY:
for Henderson, especially right off of Eastern and St Rose Pkway... this is a great find... and probably a good place to meet single pinay nurses on lunch break from the Hospital across the street. ha!
Next best thing to homemade
Ahhh-haaaaa. A Filipino restaurant, actually, close to me! 
So close that I've eaten here for lunch 4 days in a row. 

I always seem to come here right before noon; and because of that I always catch them in the makings of my favorite item there: BBQ PORK BELLY!!!!!!!!!! 
Mmmmm, just thinking about it makes my mouth water.
Because I come here as they're making it, they always seem to remember me. I guess have my cute nephew with me is, also, hard to forget.

This spot, also, had thee best crispy pata. Crispy Pork! I just love the sauce they have with it, too. It's a vinegar, soy sauce, chili goodness that I love to dip anything into.

Took my mom here 3/4 times and another friend the last time.
My mom now requires me to take her here when I'm off. 
My nephew LOVES their cantaloupe juice. And my haole friend loves it, too.

Excited to live closer to this spot. Although, I'm sure I'll have to buy bigger sized jeans because of it.
My co-workers and I went here for lunch today. I have read mixed reviews on yelp so wanted to try this place for myself. The food is pretty good. I had the fried tilapia which is a pretty good sized fish and the pork adobo. I also tried the BBQ chicken on a stick. It was good. And the Pancit Palabok was good too but it took them 30 minutes to get that out to the table.  The decor of the restaurant was ok. The only drawback of the restaurant which will keep me from going back is the service. The cashier was stone faced and rude and the people serving the food was rude as well. They really need to brush up on their customer service skills.
We use to like this place which maybe masked the poor customer service until it became apparent that they have none. We went there for the last time and we will NEVER go back. They act like their $h!t don't stink. I absolutely HATE stuck up people behind the counter thinking like we owe them something or they are too good to be serving us.  WTF we are not just paying for the food but the overall experience and you guys/gals need to learn how to have decent customer service. Too bad. Good luck and peace out!
I was not planning on coming back to this restaurant but a Filipino friend of  mine was in town and she wanted to try it. The food was good, as it was the last time I was there, the service was even better. The stone faced cashier was not there. It was nice friendly guy this time and it made the experience a lot better. The people dishing out the food seemed nice this time around too.
I normally do not like going to filipino restaurants because I've been to many and it just isn't like home cooked food.  

I decided to go to Fiesta Filipina because it's just a block away from my work and I had to have that filipino food fix.

OMG, this is the first time I had filipino food that tasted like it was home cooked.  I loved it!  The sinigang was awesome!  The BBQ Pork was to die for!  The pork adobo was yummy!

I loved it!  The only problem I have is it's too close to my work and I now I'm going to be craving filipino food more often.

Gotta try it!
Food is absolutely delicious and prices are reasonable! I definitely like coming here for my Filipino food fix..
Today was the first time I've visited Fiesta Filipina.  A friend at work suggested we try this place for lunch and being that I'm Filipino, I thought, well why not?!

When we got here, I noticed that there was a huge spread of food behind the counter.  Reminded me of some Panda Express, Filipino style.  I saw a lot of my favorites, like Pinakbet (most common pork "stew" with fish sauce and veggies such as bitter melon, eggplant, okra, tomatoes, etc.), Sari Sari (what I'm used to is similar to pinakbet without the bitter melon and add small dried shrimp), Dinaguan (blood sausage) and Adobo (today's choice was chicken).  They offer a  2 choice combo with rice for around $6-$7.  Here's what I got:

Choice 1:  Lechon- Crispy fried pork chunks.  To me, food is better when there's more marbleization.  In this case, lechon is PACKED with fat.  I think it's a great thing, but if you're not used to it, might be a turn off.  The lechon has a very crispy skin with lots of fat, topped off with tender pork meat.  They serve this choice with a sweet lechon dipping sauce which ties the meal very nicely together :)

Choice 2: BBQ Pork skewers.  Sliced pork, kabob style, grilled and drenched in a red, sweet BBQ type sauce.  This was great choice because of the BBQ/Grill combination.  They have a chicken skewer if you choose that route.  

AMBIANCE:  The place is packed with food.  Food everywhere.  Desserts, snacks, business cards.  Everywhere you look there's something new.  A little busy in my opinion, but something I expect from my heritage LOL.  There's a back part of the restaurant that looks like a very cheesy bamboo hut with the words, "mabuhay!"  Must we be so cliche?! LOL.

For the price and the amount of food you get, it's definitely worth it.  I haven't even begun to crack the surface on the amount of the choices they offer.  I will definitely be back to sample more delicious entrees.
cleanest!
Nice and decent food. Big portion and affordable!!!
This was my first experience eating Filipino food.  I found the staff to be very helpful and were happy to describe various dishes to me.  The food ended up being delicious and was very reasonably priced.  I will go back soon.
This place is an amazing place to get your Filipino fix.  They have great kari kari, and caldereta.  The huge heaps of rice are appreciated but certainly not necessary.  They also have a small selection of baked goods at the front.  I personally do not care for this brand of pandesal but the kutsinta was pretty good.

If you like filipino food, or are just looking for something different try this place.  They are super friendly, and will explain what each dish is
Not really my fav place to go but it is decent. My taste in Filipino food is different whenever i eat here. Other filipino restaurants style of cooking their food appeals more to me.
Great lumpia. Not so great service. Maybe it's because I don't speak tigalig.
Crispy pata a must in this place! if you have party they can cater to your needs.
Fiesta Filipina is a great restaurant to try filipino food.. When I am here i usually order the BBQ pork with rice for only $5.95 and i usually get a side Lumpia Shanghai for like an extra 4.95.. If you dont like those they have all kinds of filipino dishses form veggies to pork, beef, to longanisa.. I really love this place cause its a quick in and out place and love how its located near my house. This place is located across St. Rose Hospital on the corner of St. Rose parkway and Eastern..  Try now if your interested in tryinging filipino food!
This place is quite aways from the Strip but it was well worth the drive. Food was very good but a couple dishes were not to our liking, that is the reason for four star rating. 
     The service was very friendly and helpful. Restaurant was very clean, especially when compared to other Filipino restaurants I have been to.. 
BBQ chicken kabobs were the best as well as Lentil beans.
I only put 1 stars because the server was so rude. He was in a hurry to go somewhere I suppose? I arrived around 2pm. I ordered pork and chicken bbq sticks. NOT enough flavor, and they were COLD. Which mean the warmers that they are using are not hot enough to keep the food at the correct temperature. I was going to purchase some sweet bread, but they looked old and the bread was already hard. So why sell something that's old? I would be so embarrass if I was the owner of this restaurant. You represent Filipino cuisine in Henderson...take pride in your business. Perhaps then more then 4 people will be eating in your restaurant and you wouldn't have so much leftovers to reheat and serve again....Needless to say, I will NOT be back, nor would dare take a friend or family member here to eat. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Good stuff nuff said. I never leave this place with out a happy belly. =)
This is good FIlipino food.  Friendly, louder atmosphere - two competing tv stations on four screens.  
It is your typical turo-turo style filipino restaurant.  2 scoops of rice and 2 dishes.  Fiesta lacks a little consistency, but when it is good - the Mungo is really good, the BBQ and the caldereta.
They had a case of mango yesterday that had more wrinkles than old elephants arse.  Skip the bakery goods and produce - they do not understand fresh rotations.  Keep them FRESH!
This is the place I go for pinoy food....i have tried several places and this place is always clean and the staff is always helpful. I go here at least 5 times a month and we always cater for our parties. Everyone so far that we take here loves the food.
This is a great place for filipino food. The prices are fair and they are always busy at lunch. I have always come at odd times so I avoid the line as much as possible. I come here for the BBQ chicken kabobs and lumpia. They are really to die for. My whole family consumes them like candy. The only problem I ever have is that there are no signs indicating what each vat of meat and sauce could be. For a non-asian like myself, its be hard to know what these dishes are just by sight. Unfortunately when you ask and are told what it is, I still don't know what it is. 

Regardless, this place is my top filipino food find and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal.
Fiesta Filipina is a hidden gem in Henderson. It just happened that we decided to spend a couple of nights here before we check in to an extended stay hotel in Las Vegas during our recent move from TX. So my mom was craving some good Filipino food near the end of our road trip. Fiesta Filipina was the closest to the hotel so there we went. 

The place was a decent size if you compare it to a typical "turo-turo" restaurant. Plenty of chairs and a couple of TVs were seen airing local Philippine news and soap operas. Nice inviting traditional decor. Plenty of parking as well. The staff behind the counter greeted us with warm smiles and asked us what we want in rapid fire Tagalog. I can understand why non-Filipinos can be a bit intimidated upon entering the premises. There was a Caucasian couple behind us who couldn't decide what they want right away, and the staff quickly shifted gears to explain the dishes as best as they can. 

(On that note: I can't understand why they don't provide a sign next to the dish so it'll save them the time and trouble explaining things to those who are unfamiliar with Filipino food? I've lived in California for nearly 8 years and nobody ever does this! A simple index card with basic ingredients can be a quick solution)

Let's move on to the food.
Crispy pata (roasted pig) - flavorful, crispy, delicious.This is a good dish to share with a group of people. 
Pansit (rice stick noodles w/ pork belly strips, veggies, and shrimp) - good flavor, the veggies were not soggy and just enough saltiness
Dinuguan (pork blood stew) - I don't eat this but my husband had rave reviews.
Pork/Chicken BBQ skewers - great flavor w/ good amount of meat on the sticks
Lumpia (fried pork spring rolls) - decent, only because my husband makes the best homemade lumpias :-)
Sinigang (tamarind soup) - above average; sour enough with generous servings of (your choice of fish or meat here)
Ginisang Munggo (sauteed mung beans w/ pork belly & other veggies) - yummy!
Kare-kare (oxtail soup w/ peanut sauce) - very good

The prices are more than fair. We recently brought our aunt and her friends here visiting from Maryland and for a group of 10 people you can expect to pay $120 including drinks with plenty of leftovers to take home. If you liked the soups, you can always ask them for a complimentary second serving (without the meat) just like we do in the Philippines ("Kuya, pahingi pa po ng sabaw!"). I thought the overall ambiance was excellent, and they checked in on us once or twice to see how everything was. There is also a pastry/bread cart by the entrance where you can try various sweets such as pastillas (sweet milk candies), polvoron, mamon (french sponge cake) and yema. 

If someone would ask me where to go for a taste of good Filipino cuisine, I would not hesitate one bit to point them to Fiesta Filipina. It is the next best thing to home cooked Filipino meals.
Heard about this place for a long time so I checked it out today for lunch! 

Walked in, clean and nice... You order from a buffet line. Not knowing Filapina food, its a bit difficult to look and order. 

So I ordered what looked familiar, BBQ and pancit (stir fry noodle) 
I also order a fried patty that had bean sprouts, carrots and a shrimp in the middle. Not sure of the name, but I am always open to trying new things. 

The BBQ pork was tasty along with the noodles. The fried patty was cold, and chewy. They did offer a vinegar sauce which was good on it. 

The staff was very friendly. I look forward to going back again and trying something else.
The Longinisa is my favorite the quantity is a lot I couldn't finish my plate and the service is very fast as all the food is ready to go, but It is a little greasy
Been to this place a few times over the last 2 years and it was pretty decent up until recently when I ordered the Beef Caldereta and the meat was spoiled.. And the wife got the bisteak that also tasted old and spoiled.. Very disappointed.
Decided to give this place another shot and the food seems to have gotten better.. Maybe they just got a bad shipment of beef that day.. Check your supplier guys..
Today was the second time me & my husband came here to eat. We will never come back here again! The older employees are RUDE! They don't even acknowledge you. They leave you hanging there as if its such a hassle to serve you. Their food is not even great! It's so oily and no taste and expensive! Thank goodness Nanay Gloria's just opened a block away from this place.
Great filipino food. Their krispy pata is definitely the best in town. Everything else i've ever had has been top quality.
When I'm homesick or been longing for some FIlipino food, I typically visit Fiesta Filipina as its just about a 5 minute drive for me. It's a nice spacious turo-turo style restaurant, playing TFC or some filipino channel. Fairly soild spot considering Las Vegas isn't necessarily a hub for awesome Filipino food (go to LA or the Bay Area for that). However if you're in the area its worth going to if you've been havin' a hankering for the cuisine. 3.5 stars rounding up.
Another great place to get filipino food in Henderson. Food is very good and the place is nice and clean. A great alternative if you're not feeling like having a buffet (from the other filipino restaurant down the street). Prices are fair and staff is friendly. But the dish to get here is the CRISPY PATA! (Deep Fried Pork Hock--it may sound unappetizing, but don't knock it until you try it) If you need to get your pata fix, this is the place.
I've been going here for the past year and I absolutely LOVE this place for my beefsteak fix....yeah i know it's not spelled that way, but that's how i say it and that's how i'm gonna spell it! lol.
I've tried other items, but nothing has come close to what I'm used to with my mom's cooking, so I stick to the best of the best of their items - the beefsteak. Thinly sliced meat with onions in the oh-so tasty lemon/soy sauce concoction. 
Everytime we go here, this is all i ever order - that is until I saw a sign for a new item they have - lechon manok.  mmmmm.....ok, this is a must try for me - along with the crispy pata which i've been lagging on trying.
So, I could be wrong, maybe one of these items will move up to take the reign!
Cute restaurant - love the little hut decor that separates their dining area.
Was just there yesterday and going back today after work to pick up one of them rotisserie chickens (lechon manok).
Not sure if there is new management, but kudos to Fiesta Filipina for responding to sub-par reviews and attempting to provide better customer satisfaction - nice touch, because even though you might not know it, yelp customers do check to see if restaurants do acknowledge or even make changes to address issues that are brought up and looks like Fiesta Filipina is doing just that!

Keep up the good work...


6/29 - just wanted to update that we tried the lechon manok and it's an easy pass.  Costco and Wal-Mart have way better rotisserie chicken.  Still a great place though.
Best bbq pork stick in town!!   Tried it at many location but nothing come even close to fiesta. The bbq pork is pack with flavor and very tender. Whenever we throw a party at the house we usually order a tray of 50 sticks, that's how good they are. 

    I love the way fiesta look on the inside, nicely decorated make you feel like your in phillipines. Fiesta has 2 location, both places serve good food but I prefer the one down south on ST. ROSE, its alot closer to the house. Overall good filipino food with ok service.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #8

We found ourselves at Fiesta Filipina for our 8th Halo-Halo taste test.  I can't believe that we just started this challenge last week and we are now only 2 contenders away from completing this challenge.  

Terri and I met up with Ian A for this challenge.  We had some eats, but our primary reason for this stop was obvious...how is their Halo-Halo? Fiesta Filipina has a regular Halo-Halo for $3.99 and their special for $4.99.  The only difference between the two is ube ice cream.  Since we are maximizing our craving, we decided on the special of course. 

So, what's in this special Halo-Halo.  You get ube ice cream (two scoops), condensed milk, shave ice, nata de coco, macapuno, pinipig, azuki (red beans), white beans, and some legit ube.  This is our only 2nd stop that had real ube in it.  What's missing is the flan and lanka.  After mixing my Mix-Mix and sampling it, I already knew that Fiesta's Halo-Halo is ranking up there in my book.  The ice was just right, taste superb, and the mix was almost perfect.  I stress almost perfect because flan was the one missing ingredient that I was looking for.  By the way, you can order flan on the side (about $5) and add to it if flan is a must have in your Halo-Halo.

On a side note, I did have some food here too.  The ambiance of this restaurant reminds me of the Flip joints in SF, SoCal, and Daygo.  I loved it and felt at home.  But I wasn't too impressed with the food.  The food is cheap and for $5.29 you can get two Chicken BBQ Sticks with rice. Sounded and looked appealing, but I'm no fan of rubbery chicken. 

Overall, I am a fan of their Halo-Halo and see myself coming back just that. Food...well, that's a different story.

PS:  One thing I learned during this quest for our favorite Halo-Halo in the valley is that real spoons (not the flimsy plastic ones) are ideal when mixing your Halo-Halo. These plastic spoons work like catapults when you're mixing your Halo-Halo. Last thing I want is an ube shot in the face.  Stay hungry, my friends.  

2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
I had my daughter's 1st birthday party catered by Fiesta Filipina.  I've had some bad Filipino food in Las Vegas so I almost gave up on the idea, but I wanted to incorporate my culture into her birthday.  A friend recommended this place, so I gave it a shot.

It was soooooooooooooo delicious!  Being half Filipina myself, I grew up on this food.  But, a lot of my friends in Las Vegas are multi-cultural (most are not Filipino), so I ordered what I thought more "white" people would enjoy.

Lumpia
BBQ pork skewers
BBQ chicken skewers
Pancit
Chop suey (in case there were any vegetarians)
Lechon (my favorite indulgence)

Everything was outstanding!  Even the guests were raving about it and asking where I got it.  Definitely will go back for a regular meal.  It's a drive for me, but worth it!
Good combo dishes... Excellent fried pata!!! Super yummy!!
Yelp 100 Challenge * 94/100

Cantaloupe juice. 

Can you say thirst quencher?

I've been to other location before for when our Filipino food cravings kicked in but have to admit I like this one better. It just seemed brighter and more authentic. The colors and decos gave the buffet-style restaurant a more festive atmosphere. 

My friend and I didn't get a chance to stay too long. We were in a hurry to get to a dry cleaning place and get some clothes so we basically had our orders in - 2 cantaloupe juices! - and made a run for it. The drink felt like summer in my mouth with a touch of sugar to compliment the natural fruit flavors. 

Just so you know, this was hand made and it was not the only option. There was also calamansi and lychee juices! Guyabano and buco (coconut) were packaged in a drink box so I'd assume they're sweeter with added artificial flavors. 

Couldn't forget how great the place smelt as we walked out to the door! Hoping to come back for a real meal one day!
They have the best Bangus Sisig I've ever had!!! Truly the BEST Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas and Henderson!!!!  I tried a lot  of other places for the past 6 years I've been here and this is our favorite Filipino restaurant. Worth the drive if you want quality Filipino food, reasonable price, clean, and great ambience.  Friendly staff too!
Enjoyed it even more on our second trip! Think it will be among our go-to bookmarked spots! The two item combo with rice is only $5.99 and is plenty for one... We each get one with different items and share. Love the BBQ pork!!
I was more than excited when I heard there's a location near hm that serves pata. I've been in search for a place that serves pata and couldn't wait to try it out. 

I came in on a Monday and was surprised they're busy for being a weekday before lunch hour. I ordered a pata which was $17.99 and a few vegetable items. The food was kept in a warmer similar to fast food joints. I added rice for an additional fee. It's served fast food style. The employees here needs to be more helpful since I don't speak their language. I feel like I'm treated with less respect than their people. The employees here are extra nice to the philipino's that walk through the door and I get the stare.

The food came out cold and the pata wasn't hot to order as claimed. Seemed like they went in back to the kitchen to bring out an order of pata that was cooked earlier and re heated. I was disappointed cause my pata was flavor less, cold, and greasy. 

It took me 15 minutes to wave the employees down to get a togo box. Another 5 minutes to get it. 15minutes to get my desert which was another disappointment.   I paid $5 for a cup of halo halo. A cup of 90% ice and 10% mixed crap to be exact. I wonder if giving this place 3 stars is being over generous.
I've gone a few times craving something like KARE KARE or pata etc.... Always reheated, or not available you get the "stare" and the prices for each thing sucks! I give it two stars because at least they tried to establish something decent but fail to follow through with quality product.
Past 2 times I've come to this place around 10am in the morning they stopped serving eggs with the silog dishes...WTF!!!! McDonald's stops a 11am!!!

Yet...their food counter had all the silogs and garlic fried rice...that's just BLASPHEMY!!! You lost paying customers twice already for this reason.

If you fix this situation, please let me know. I'm Filipino and I love my Filipino Food...but that is just wrong.
Its not the best, but it's the closest. Two things that are consistent are the bbq skewers and crispy pata. Everything is either oily, too salty or rice is soggy.
Filipino food always sounds good to me and I don't always feel up to cook. My bf chose this place nearby, I was hesitant.  Lots of people in and out. This was a good sign. Walking in I was reminded of back home with family, comfortable smell of Filipino food. It was pretty busy. You line up and choose the items you'd like before you pay and take your food to sit down and eat. I wanted a little bit of everything.  I chose Fried Bangus (milkfish) around $11. I had that with rice and a small order of lumpia shanghai (7 pieces). They have a table with all of the necessary condiments available from banana ketchup, vinegar, fish sauce to name a few. Everything I needed was there. Overall the food was average, but satisfying.  The lumpia wasn't really crispy.  I drank calamansi juice just because it isn't something I have everyday.  It was good, a little sweet.  My boyfriend and I felt comfortable and cozy watching The Filipino Channel playing on one of their many tvs. Luckily there was English subtitles (why didn't I use subtitles as a kid?). This was great because I am Americanized and my boyfriend is Vietnamese so we both needed the translation.  We enjoyed the drama that was playing on TV.  Before leaving we ordered halo halo.  It was wonderful!   The ube(taro) ice cream, the wafer it was a good finish to my meal.  Would come back.
Service could be better.  One of the food servers  wiped his nose with his hands and proceeded to serve food to customers.  Gross!
  The food looks like it sits all day.  Better to eat there in the morning, when its fresh. 
The bbq is soaked in a sauce that is quite disgusting.  They think it keeps the meat moist, what keeps the meat moist is to not burn the meat and dry it out.  I ordered bbq today and it was burned, dry and full of carcinogens.
My total was under $6.40 and they charge a $.50 fee for debit purchases under $10.  Which is fine, but the lady charged me $7.00. Is it really that difficult to punch in $6.90?  Wow, nickel and diming people.  It sucks this is the only Filipino restaurant on this side of town.  
I am Americanized and if you don't respond in Tagalog they tend to give you an unpleasant attitude.  I hate that, I don't control where I was born or raised.  Get over it.  #hater
Nice people, small but dining area was clean. There are some cooked to order items but it's mainly food served up from heating trays, not sure how long it's been sitting out  either.  

Got 3 items off the buffet sat down to eat, took a bite of pancit and it tasted a little off like noodles were spoiled, it smelled that way too. Ended up  throwing away my meal and walking out . I don't think I'll  be back..eww no.
Went here twice during my most recent Vegas trip. The staff is friendly and the place is very clean. The atmosphere is great - I love the decor. 

I've noticed some reviewers saying that the food probably isn't fresh. In my two visits, I arrived in the morning for breakfast so I can't say anything about the freshness of the food throughout the day. The food was definitely good and fresh when I was there. I had pansit, garlic fried rice, longanisa, adobo, barbecue, a coconut pork dish (ugh! I'm sorry I don't know the name right now), and some fish. So unhealthy (not something Filipino food is known for so whatever!), but so yummy. Oh! And I cannot forget the delicious melon juice which is packed with melon.

There is also some self-service water and coffee. Coffee was good, but the water tasted off to me. This wasn't the only time in Vegas I tasted 'meh' water (the other times were at buffets at the Strip)..
Took em down a star for their rude azz f*ck pushy attitudes behind the counter. I told you already, I don't want them old azz lumpias that been sitting there all day! Sheesh.

Since Kucina Ni Lorraine Express opened up on Bermuda I've been taking my azz there instead lately.
Fast filipino food. Lately been getting soggy rice. Uhg. Food is ok not the most amazing but its difficult to replicate home cooked filipino food.
When this location first opened, this was the place to go for Filipino food in the area. The food always looked fresh and appetizing.  I've been here twice in the last month and the food looked like it was leftovers that have been reheated way too many times. Not sure how this could possibly pass any health inspection.  This used to be my go-to place for fast Filipino take out. Not anymore. A few other places have popped up in the area, and although they might be a bit pricier, I'm fine as long as the quality of the food is better.
READ THIS-Food is tasty but do take out.

 *Key to happiness when eating here. 

Cook rice before you leave the house, their rice is soggy.
Great food, friendly people and the prices are really good too.
There is nothing sadder when one has a bad experience in a food place.  The first time could be a fluke. 
But for another incident......it will be the last time I go there.
*The first time was when I chose their griled squid.  I don't remember if it was to be stuffed or not.  But when we got home- it was stuffed all right!!!!  Stuffed still with it's guts/innards and as I cut into it....it leaked out some greenish black liquid.  That was so gross and c/u the place to let 'em know.  I think they just said bring in the receipt and they will give me a refund. 
I've given them a couple chances and it was ok.  
**But now......that was the last time we will be going there.  I ordered a Taro Boba Drink but no pearls avail.  Which is ok BUT........as we were driving home...I kept smelling like this garlic scent.  Then as the ice melted in my mouth...I feel this garlic piece on my tongue.  FRICKIN' GROSS!!!!  Just to make sure I squished it between my fingers and it was FRESH GARLIC.  
Now I don't know if maybe the garlic fell in the ice or the dude (which for now remains nameless-depends on  what the manager says tomorrow when I complain since he is not there right now)  if maybe the dude just smooshed garlic before making my drink.  Regardless of any situation......it is just plain GROSS.  

I will update my review after I speak with the manager tomorrow.  
I am furious since the place is quite a drive.  

Now I gotta find another FILIPINO EATERY.
Only ate their Halo-Halo and was very satified. Plan on going back for a sit-down lunch very soon.  Actually went there last night in hopes of getting some pork sisig to eat during the Pacquioa fight. Was too late, as it was all gone.
The 5 stars is for the chicken bbq skewers.  The best ever!!!!  We order them in bulk Everytime we have guests and they all love it as much as we do.
For a very casual dining restaurant this place is good. This is not sit down,order off the menu place ( as are most Filipino restaurants in the valley), but more of you order a combo plate. 

I usually come here just to order to go. My family has eaten inside as well and we do enjoy it. The atmosphere is casual and the place is clean. 

They always have a pretty good variety of food. My husband (who isn't filipino) doesn't mind coming here at all since they always have BBQ.
Food is just ok.. It used to be good but somehow the quality of their food is not great. Service is AWFUL when managers and owners are not around. I never felt welcome here.
My all time favorite place for ice cream growing up was DQ but they ended up closing down the one back home so haven't been to one in a while. It had a different feel then the typical old school diner DQ I remember, having a little more stylish update look. the chicken strip basket was pretty good not better then raising canes or chickenbonz but did the spot and was plenty filling.  As for the ice cream treats like the dilly bars, DQ sandwiches a bit smaller then I remember and now premade and boxed up. Where was the big white DQ bag with each individually wrapped frozen treats? I guess its good, customers don't have to wait for them to be made but that's what separated them from store bought ice cream

Anyways they still have the blizzards, sundaes, dipped cones, and banana splits.  Don't forget the waffle bowls. The workers at this location was pretty friendly and let's us stay until we finished even though they were closed. 

If you go online and sign up for the blizzard fan club they always offer buy one get one free for blizzards.  Never tried an Orange Julius before so i'll try it next time
Summer + Ice cream = a happy person. I live for this frozen treat throughout most of the year, but it only intensifies in the hotter months. A Blizzard is a soft serve with the consistency of concrete. With a flavor for everybody, not finding one to meet your taste would be more difficult.

Two of my classic favorites are the mint Oreo and the Reese's peanut buttercup. Look no further with these two items on the menu. 

The only complaint is how slow the drive thru is.
I signed up for the 2 for 1 blizzard with their reward app, then they didn't honor it because they were out of stamps, bunch of kids here, horrible service , also saw two dead crickets in corner of dinning area.

If it wasn't such a pain, I'd contact DQ corporate about the bugs and cleanliness 
Of this rainbow DQ,

I'm disappointed, no sorry from manager or anything about not being able to honor the 2 for 1 special, this is no way to run a biz.
First time here.. and when I seen what the menu looked like I was sold.. sandwitches looks awsome and prices was good.. I question the food about size and tease.. the owner jac then approached me and told me that they had the best sandwitches In vegas and if I didn't like it he would refund me my monry.. so I took him on his word.. and I have to say that the man was not lieing.. the sandwitch I had a long time.. the new york bomb was great and would tell anyone to try it.. jac&ray they can cook a good sandwitch.. looking forward to another and everytime I come to vegas I will be make sure to go there
This is in the food court in Fashion Show Mall.  This was a pretty good meal for the price.  I ordered the Cubano and was quite pleased.
Not bad, cheap and on the strip too.  One of the best places on the strip to eat that will not make you take out a loan.
This is one of the most affordable and tastiest spots at the Fashion Show food court. Their menu carries a good variety of salads, sandwiches and appetizers for a good price ($4-$9). The service is fast and friendly and the portions are generous. 

Food tips: The papanachos (cheese, bacon, side of ranch), chicken tenders, black angus burger, and Philly cheesesteak are great options for lunch. And if you are really hungry... Make your sandwich a meal and upgrade your fries to papanachos for a few extra dollars.
Sonora Hot Dog...How can you go wrong with a bacon wrapped hot dog?  Pretty good when your hungry and tired from walking up and down the strip.
Amazing food for being a fast food restaurant. Every ingredient is fresh & high quality. Delicious, very affordable & generous portions.

They also make excellent breakfast. Should definitely stop by, too good for food court food!!! :)
The service was friendly. I ordered a Cuban sandwich and enjoyed it. The price was reasonable.
It was not what this thing hyped it out to be. A total fail. I wouldnt choose this place over Wendys.
Went in today at 1:55 pm. And ordered a plain veggie sanwhich and nothing else, and was gonna order a combo but the last cut me off and told me my total without her full attention. Waited 25 minutes for a god damn sandwitch with that could be made in 2 minutes! Walked up to the counter and demanded a refund, and apparently my order was never even on the system!! But I did see people come before and after me get their order! The people working were busy on their phones and kept walking to the back, like they didn't even care and they were messing up other peoples orders! I am so mad! tried going on the company site to complain to corporate but could not find it. So decided to post on here. I would give this place a zero stars if I could. I will never come back to this place. The two girls working didn't even say sorry or try to correct it. Please find better people with proper customer service so this won't happen to anyone else. There was an older lady waiting as well a after me and I had to break it to her that my order wasn't even there, and she went and complained as well. My email adress crazyandevil13@yahoo.com if any managers or corporate need to contact me for an apology.
Jac and Ray has been open for a few years,  I used to go all the time. They were less expensive to get a burger meal, than any other place in the mall.

After drastic changes in management, the service became horrible, and the prices started going up. I stopped going there, and it's been over a year since I had last been there.

I decided to give them another try. The quality of service has improved 100%. The girls behind the counter, were very friendly and efficient! 

The time it takes to get your food is still very long. However the burger is made of fresh ingredients. The first time back, will not be the last time.
I really like Carl's Wetern Bacon Cheeseburger. Greasy deliciousness!
I'm not a big fan of fast food, so I usually don't rate higher than 2 stars for fast food places. I know I say I'm not a big fan of fast food places, but I am a big fan of their bacon western cheeseburgers (which you can't find at any other fast food place). Anyways quality of food here isn't all that great (especially comparing to in-n-out burger), and I can easily knock down this place to 2 stars, but heck where else can I get my bacon western cheeseburgers? They sure don't sell e'm at In-N-Out. If In-N-Out did sell these type of burgers, Carl's Jr. wouldn't even exist in my world. You better believe that I this rating is just simply for that burger, everything else can kiss my a** goodbye, because the quality of food sucks here, just like I stated above.

Bacon Western Cheese Burgers FTW.
Make sure to count your change!! 

Drove to this location getting 2 western bacon burgers and an order of onion rings which came out to 10.67. Gave a 20.00 and got the change. I had a sneaky suspicion about something and rather than putting my money in my wallet I decided to count it. I only got 8.33 instead of 9.33!! I question the dood that gave me the money and he gave me the one dollar saying "I was thinking that I shorted you" and I said "shame on you" 

Fucktard could have done this to the 3 cars in front of me and they would have never known. All that for just one dollar? Really?? 

The food was good and I'll come back again but the workers y agotta keep an eye on em.......

Feh.....

Oh by the way .... If Carls Jr is really checking Yelp the info on the receipt says Register 6 order #5147 4/2/2012 5:49:56 pm 
Carls Jr 8055 7598 Vegas Dr 702 228 2114 

and a big FUCK YOU VERY MUCH !!

Fuckin hate Hate HATE dishonest people...

Rant over.....
Like the food and the service they have jalapeos that's awesome for a fast food place
Never had Carl's Jr before, but the commercial for the Grilled Cheese Bacon Burger made me go. Got the combo and the wifey got a Chicken Club sandwich. Bread was good for the burger. Was put together fresh because the cheese was barely melted. Would have been better with some Heinz ketchup on it. Only had mayo on it (a lot of mayo) and I didn't get any ketchup packs because as with the other fast food chains, you have to ask for ketchup packets so they can save a few pennies. The burger patty was a little small but oh well. It still tasted good. I tried some of the fries. Weren't too bad, but without ketchup I can't give a good opinion of them. Wifey's chic club was a complete mess. Bun fell apart. It was all over the place. Good thing she wasn't the one driving. This place was ok overall, but ketchup, ketchup, ketchup, ketchup! And make sure it's Heinz! Because as I have said time and time again, if it ain't Heinz, it ain't shit!!!!!!!!
This carls Jr has by far the best service ever!
Always clean, the staff is always friendly, and they always get my specialty order right. I just can never figure out why no one is ever here except me.
Even through all the crazy menu items CJ has had over the years, the taste is still the same. The burgers are consistently good. I miss the days when you could get a Famous Star WITH cheese for just .99! The fries are horrible sice they changed them. My favorite fries were at CJ but not now damn it. I came the other morning for breakfast with a coupon and tried the Maple Sausage, Egg & Cheese Biscuit. The sausage was freaking good. It reminded me of the Johnsonville breakfast sausage my wife cooks. The biscuit was hot and damn good for a fast food place. The hash browns are nuggets and surprisingly not too greasy. Now if I could just get them to bring back their baked potatoes and original fries all would be right.
Typical fast food experience. Go through the drive thru, order food, receive half of the food you ordered correct, pay amt and leave dissatisfied. The highlight of the experience was the soda because I was craving carbonation and the Philly burger was okay. Not trying to go all in on the employees but if you are working in this line of work, selective listening isn't going to help you.
Please stop over cooking the biscuits! The other day they were perfect, fluffy and golden. Today they were over cooked again. Hard & dark brown which makes them a little chewy.
I would give negative stars if possible.  First off its far from fast the restaurant was pretty empty and it still took nearly 15 minutes.  First they ran out of coffee.  Its Sunday morning. Then we ordered a sandwich just egg and cheese.  The a breakfast burrito just egg, cheese, and potato.   NO MEAT.  However apparently no meat means full of Ham.  I tried calling but the phone would ring once and then beep and hang up.   This is not the first time this Carls has messed up my no meat order.  I think its time for a re-train at this location.
disclaimer: my only reason for the 3 stars is because they need to update their signage. for a store thats fairly new, i would assume their signs on the drive thru have to be up to date.

i recently moved to the blue diamond area earlier this year. when this carls jr opened, it was definitely good news! you can only eat jack in the box, in n out and mcdonalds so many times!

my boss at my internship was talking about the new chicken strips @ carls, and i HAD to try them!!!! so - we went for dinner tonight. ordered the chicken strips, chili cheese fries, criss-cut fries and a few sodas. also wanted to order their banana chocolate chip shake, but the guy said they no longer have that item. why have the sign up then?! but, he did try to sell me on a chocolate malted something or other shake.

anyway, we get home, and everything was in the bag. the chicken tenders were pretty damn good! kinda remind me of chicken crispers from chilis, but the batter wasnt as fluffy. very flavorful and juicy. chili cheese fries were ok. a little greasy and a bit too much cheese (yes, i said it. too much cheese. i love cheese, but when theres more cheese than chili thats just weird to me).

definitely will be back because its right down the street from the house. thanks carls! just...update your signage at the drive thru!
This Carl's Jr was just built in the area and is so great to have! 

The restaurant is clean and the employees are superb. I've never had a bad customer experience here and I tend to eat at this location about once a week or so. 

Yes, the food is a bit greasy, but that's what you get when you go fast food. My order, though complicated at times, is always spot-on and I never have to return for anything. 

All in all, good food, great employees, and a wonderful location!
On par with most fast food joints. Nothing fancy but it was well kept and had friendly employees. 

Carl's has a lot of big burgers and I usually end up going with the Jalapeo burger or one of their many specials. During this particular visit, they offered two Famous Stars for $5.00. That's a heck of a deal. What broke the deal for me was the $0.55 for cheese! WTF mate? So I'd end up paying basically full price for them. What gives? Needless to say I went with the jalapeo.

I'd return if in the area and I need a quick burger.
Gotta love Carl's Jr for when you are trying to get the kids and yourself fed in a hurry. Always good...not amazing...and consistent. Their double western bacon cheeseburger totally hit the spot today. 

This location is new, clean and the employees are super nice. Overall a good experience :)
So here's the thing, I have not been to a Carl's Jr. in who knows how long. Primarily because I actually didn't really like the taste of their burgers. However, now that I am in a city where you have to drive everywhere, I've decided to revisit fast food. Yes I've seen fast food nation. Yes I know that it's bad for you. But c'mon, it's convenient!

This review is primarily for the item that I have been consistently ordering here: the Cranberry apple walnut salad with bleu cheese (instead of the balsamic because, really, you can only be so healthy here). Let me preface this by saying that I love salads and I would happily eat a salad for every meal if I could. This salad is a must-have. Thank God I decided to come back to Carl's, because this salad is bomb-dot-com. Like seriously. It's savory, then sweet, crunchy and delicious. 

The place isn't too shabby either. It's clean and it feels fairly new. As a side, I forgot that when you order food they bring it to your table. Always keepin' it classy Carl. I can definitely appreciate that.
I think this is the best Carl's location in Vegas. The employees are always super polite and helpful and the restaurant is super clean. Love the new burgers they have. Great place to grab a quick bite for lunch.
I'm a low-carber and I love Carl's Jr. because they will literally wrap ANYTHING on their menu in lettuce. Just ask for whatever "low carb style" and they will wrap it in lettuce instead of a bun. I love that. Their six dollar burgers are tasty and their grilled chicken sandwiches, while smaller than they once were, are high quality. 

I think this is the best Carl's Jr. in the chain here in Vegas. I've eaten at most of the ones in town and this one has the most consistently delicious food, friendly employees, and it is always super clean. I love dining in because the eating area is so clean and they have both Diet Dr. Pepper, Coke Zero and fresh brewed iced tea at the beverage bar -- all you can drink when you dine in.
Friendly staff, but stars down for quality of the food. The first time I ordered the Western with sweet potato fries, the fries were soggy. The second time I ordered the Western with sweet potato fries, the fries were cold. Never again Carl's Jr., never again.
Service 5/5
Cleanliness 5/5
Quality 5/5

This is the best Carls Jr location I have visited. They were patient with our family of seven and all of our coupons (totaling up to $13 saved). The sandwiches were put together well and tasted good. Of course, this is still a fast food restaurant, so don't expect gourmet, but I would place Carls at the top of the list in nation wide available fast food. 

Honestly, the only thing that would make this location any better would be if it also had a Green Burrito. That's it...
Cleanliness is next to cleeeeeannlinesss lol... this place is kept tidy, the cashiers and managers are friendly.  They are always making sure everything is ok.  The food is ok, nothing out of this world.  But I like this place because unlike most places (Jack's, MickeyDs, or In N Out) the charbroiled taste really does it for me.
    I could never give a fast food chain a 5, all honesty, fast food is not a this taste so great! type of joint, but 4 of 5 will suffice.  Place is well maintained, has fairly good food and the workers there make for real enjoyable experiences.  It's funny cause since their opening they have some workers that been there and they've befriended my dad and I.  Sometimes I'll get a, "Dude it's been a while, where have you been?  You don't like us anymore huh" greeting and so that's nice cause they know us, always trying to make for chit chat and I'm the same way... bar none best service of burger joint tbt I've come across.
Made a lil pit stop here to use some coupons. Great and fast service. Place was clean too.  And they weren't Jewish with the sauce condiments. They gave us alot without a fuss. Unlike cheap mcds who charges for extra sauce.
Horrible service in graveyard shift! Not once, not twice, not third but many times they made errors in drive thru. The moment we left the place, some things in our orders were missing. Not sure if these crews were high or just whatever kids lol
Homemade Biscuit Sandwiches are the BEST breakfast sandwich by far. Fresh biscuits are made by hand and are baked fresh every 12 minutes. 

Their burgers are higher quality than any other fast food operation. Quality rivals and exceeds many sit down Burger Restaurants.  In a city that gets $10-$15 for Burgers this Carl's Jr is well worth the stop.
I truly have experienced better. The store on Marks St blows this store away in terms of service and quality of cooking.
Not really much to say other than the convenience of a Wendy's in the airport which is nice if you are in the mood for a burger and a Frosty. The only problem was airport prices! The cheapest combo if I remember correctly was $8. I got a chicken sandwich combo and a small frosty and my bill was $13. Really sad! I just don't understand the need to gouge the consumer for convenience.
Just what you would expect from an airport fast food establishment. Mediocre/bad service, horrendously expensive prices ($3.00 for a burrito smaller than a small cell phone, or $2.62 for a small soda?) The food was alright, maybe it tasted better, I tried to savor each of the three bites that burrito took to consume, realizing each bite was $1.00.
Very slow
This review is for the Wendy's inside MCCarran Airport in Las Vegas. For some strange reason, this Wendy's location was freaking amazing when we were there. I'm pretty certain it's the best Wendy's I've ever had. I had a Pretzel Bacon Burger, and my wife had some sort of breakfast flatbread sandwich. Everything tasted remarkably fresh, and the bacon was perfectly crispy. This was a very surprising experience.   Honestly, the food quality was more like a sit-down restaurant than a fast food joint.

Generally, I do like Wendy's well enough. But this was far beyond other experiences I've had with the chain, so much so that I felt compelled to give them an Internet thumbs-up. I don't know if this location is always this good, but wow...unexpectedly exceptional, especially for an airport restaurant.

I did notice there are a few reviews on this airport Wendy's from 2011 that are fairly poor.  I wonder if management is different there now?  I'm not sure what's changed, but the place was pure greatness when we were there (August 2013).
Standard Wendy's fast food.  Nothing more nothing less.  Visit was brief and uneventful.
It was pretty average
3 stars seems about right for me. The spicy chicken sandwich barely tasted different than a regular one would. The fries were very splendid however the ranch that you dipped in seemed old
Congratulations, Wendy's, your track record is 100% - every time I order NO tomatoes, you put EXTRA. Must be something in your training, as it's universal. 
Page 236 of the employee handbook, "When a customer orders no tomatoes, you can assume they are delusional. They surely meant double tomatoes. Give them extra and they will see the error of their ways. After all, we know what's best for them. They will thank you for it, like Obamacare or the TSA."

They get three stars because the food quality was actually quite good (once I got my revised version). They were also very quick. 

They would have gotten 4 stars if the lady behind the counter hadn't rolled her eyes, as if to say, "This PITA actually wants her order correct? As if!"

Also, since they screwed up, they should have offered a free drink, French fry, or at least an extra napkin. Even a sorry would have been nice.
This Mcdonalds is remarkably clean and has an excellent morning staff. The food is great and the coffee is a touch of above what used to be.The folks in the evening seem to have less care regarding the food though. Good customer service all around.
There has been multiple time have came here around the 3am hour and they have refuse to take my order due to "technical difficulties" then why are u even open 24hours?
Not sure what is up with this place, but it's been pretty poorly run for years.  Tonight the place was packed, the line for the counter was out the door, and 1 register was open.  Staff were tripping over one another back there, so it didn't appear to be a staffing issue.  The manager was filling fries...oblivious to the line.

It's like this every time I come in here...

3/29  So I just had to add to this post from a few weeks back, because I stopped here the other night on my way home from work.  It's only a mile from the house, otherwise I'd find another one.

Anyway, I hit the drive through at 9:53PM, and after about a minute of silence I finally got the person working it to realize I was there.  I placed my order, and saw three cars in front of me.   While I was waiting for my food (chicken nuggets and fries) I entertained myself by watching the manager walking around the parking lot.  18 minutes later (yes, 18) I FINALLY got to the window and another couple of minutes later got my food.  For the amount of time this took, I could have killed, plucked, cut up and cooked the chicken myself!  I guess it was too much to hope for that I may actually have a pleasant experience here.
This store is almost equidistant from the other one I frequent. Always use the drive-thru. They are quick and I do not worry too much if I see a long line there. Food is mostly always hot and fresh.
Went thru drive thru they forgot my drink I went inside to get my drink I had to wait in line the girl at drive thru argued with Me and said She gave Me my drink like I was trying to steal a diet coke IDIOTS
WORST MCDONALDS EVER! 

90% of the time they get your order wrong and sometimes at night they only accept cash... This place is poorly ran by a very rude manager who can't even get an order right when he takes it. He also wouldn't take the time to fix it. Do yourself a favor and take your business elsewhere!
Rally's isn't a "fast food" in the sense that you food is flying out on a tray 10 seconds after your credit card is swiped. It took about 3 minutes for my meal to be prepared with generally nobody else here.

So if you are in a rush... go to Taco Bell or McDonalds. 

With that said... I ordered the Roadhouse Bacon Burger. It was good. The bread was even flatbread, which made it more than just standard burger.

Fries are awesome too. No ketchup required!
The food here is like a worse version of Arby's. Waste of money!
The food they serve is made to order, so it takes a little longer than most "fast food" burger joints.  Not to worry..  It's well worth the wait.

I've eaten here a handful of times.  They are pretty consistent with their service and their food.  

This weekend, I ordered via the drive-thru window, and when I got home, my fries were still crunchy.  That's always a plus for me.
Since leaving Florida I missed Checkers (what Rallys is called over there), and boy was I thrilled to find it in AZ! It's been a while so I couldn't wait any longer...

Ok, so at first glance this place might not give off the best vibe. Who cares. The food is good. Tried the double rallysburger, w/ fries and a choc. milkshake. The burger is actually somewhat similar to Burger King (in a way), but better imho. The choc. milkshake was the bomb diggity fo shiggity. I mean I drank that sucker down. Others around me had nothing but good feedback so I guess it's safe to say I will pay another visit in the future.

Forget the negative reviews. Hit the drive-thru if you have doubts. The food is good!
best fries around and awesome prices
This is a Burger King with the relatively new concept of serving beer with your meal. This is how it works. When you place your order you can add a bottle of beer for $2.99 more. If you only want a beer it is $5.
 The lunch and dinner menus feature whopper sandwiches. And some of them I never saw before.
 I passed on the beer because I was going to drink downstairs in the casino. I enjoyed my Bourbon whopper meal, which I do not recall seeing before.
 From spending time in bars and coffee shops, I felt that the employees here need to be more friendly. 
  Overall this is a cool Burger King that serves bottles of beer in addition to fast food.
the burgers are good here like the bourbon burger.  I've had better, but its good fast burger food in the strip area which is hard to find.
It's just Burger King and getting service slightly different manner. Nothing super special about this except you watch them build your burger and there is beer if you want to buy...  that's it!  nothing out of this world....
There are only 6 whopper Bars in the world and I am lucky enough to live near one of them. Located in the Rio casino in Las Vegas, this is where Burger King and your favorite sports bar collide. C'mon, you all know you've dreamed of being able to order a Whopper while guzzling a beer and watching the game. Now it can be done. Whopper Bar....Where dreams come true!
This is great. What a way to start the nights debouchery. A Double Whopper and a Coors Light. They didnt have Blue Moon and since im from Colorado i love my Home Brewed beers. The menu is great. Like the California whopper with Guacamole. And the Angry Whopper. Some toppings are free, others they charge 50 cents for Like Hickory Smoked bacon and Onions which can be raw or grilled or fried like onion rings. Adding a beer for 2.99 to the meal isnt bad. The Germans have had beer in fast food establishments for years. 

Its about time we catch on and hopefully it will. They also have Caramel Sundaes on the menu which i havent seen at any other Burger king. The downside is, when you get a fountain drink, they dont offer free refills.
If you want an affordable spicy burger after a night of drinking or partying, the "angry burger" at the bk bar at the rio is for you! Don't forget to grab some extra packets of jalapeo spicy salsa on the side!
The food is pretty good and I like the different 50 cent addons (different cheeses, bacon, etc) along with free stuff (onion ring in the burger along with the usual) you can add on.

Unfortunately service while busy really sucks and their ability to recover is pretty sad. First time I went for breakfast, and they ran out of eggs and then hashbrowns resulting in a 30 minute wait for a breakfast combo. Coffee had been sitting so long it was thick and bitter.

Next time I went for lunch and the printer in back ran out of paper or something, so 10 orders including mine disappeared. Even after discovery, took another ten minutes for them to realize they could just ask the customers for the receipts and work off those. Again over half an hour for a whopper combo, even as they served customers that ordered later.

Other times I went were much better and the coffee was much better the next day.

They really should just give free soda vouchers to folks who wait more than 15 minutes for an order... That would probably cost them five cents and take the edge off the wait.
You don't have it your way, My husband got hungry and wanted more food , He's Italian and Italians from what I've been told don't eat mayonnaise. He asked for no mayonnaise on his burger. Of Course they Slapped on Mayo and I noticed and "  I  " said he wouldn't eat it to the worker there. Next my husband opened it up and saw the Mayo and told cashier he wanted his money back. 

They were all frightened and shaky my husband didn't scream or do anything wild (although I thought he might, he just has that look) I thought the  innocent guy who slapped on the mayo was tearing.

The guy who took order just threw money out of the tip jar...WTF
First, it took a few mintues for anyone to come to the counter to take our order. I ordered a sandwich saying "lettuce and onion only"  but they rang it up as add onion. I went up to the counter and apologized and explained that I meant I wanted lettuce and onion and nothing else.  They literally just took off the slice of tomato and gave it back to me, still covered in mayo. I'm willing to send food back once, but the second time I just asked for my money back. This place is LAME. Bad service, bad food.  It's so much worse than just eating at a regular Burger King.
We stopped here for a quick bite on our way to our hotel. Let me just keep this short and too the point. If you want a burger and you are staying in the hotel and don't want to go anywhere else by all means eat here. Otherwise save your money. This is a burger king with Jacked up prices because they offer beer. They have a handful of special toppings some sauces and a few special whoppers. And they charge you about twice what it will cost to go down the street to the local burger king and get more menu items and all you can drink soda. They don't do refills  here no this is Whopper bar. The service is terrible the food is just ok so save yourself a few bucks and go to any regular fast food place in the area.
Hmm....well it is probably one of the cheapest eateries at the Rio. Also, it is open 24 hours, so that's a bonus. It also serves beer, which is why this is a BK Whopper Bar. They do not have much selection and the food does taste like any other Burger King in the nation. If you have run out of money because 1. you spent it at the clubs in Vegas or 2. you gambled it all away, then this is a place of refuge because at least the prices for food are reasonable (for Vegas that is)
There's really no reason to eat here. Unless, of course, you've been boozing it up at the Rio and need a food fix to help sober up. In which case, when it comes to late night eats at the Rio, this is the spot. Yep, your options are indeed limited.

So this place is basically a dressed up Burger King. They have more burgers than the usual BK. But, honestly, you couldn't pay me to eat a BK burger. Thankfully, they do also offer the chicken fries, which I do enjoy.

And hey, if you want to keep on drinking, they serve beer too.

Fair warning, this is a place for drunks. Things will be spilled and people will be obnoxious. Frankly, I just feel bad for the people who work here.
My boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch.  Figured we would get something quick and then splurge later on that night.  We both weren't expecting it to be fabulous, however it was amazing.  They make the sandwich in front of you.  You create whatever topics you want on it.  It was the best sandwich I have ever eaten at a BK.  Even the french fries were fresh and crispy with the perfect amount of salt.  We both were amazed and would definitely eat there again.
I had high hopes for the Whopper Bar.  I mean here was an opportunity for the Burger King franchise to take their burgers to the next level.  Now I did not have unrealistic expectations.  I mean I knew the patties would be the same as the restaurant.  I did not expect gourmet toppings. And I did not expect 5 star service.  However, I did hope that they would have some creative toppings and sauce choices such as maybe a blue cheese crumbles or sauce.  I also expected that they would make the extra effort for quality service and cleanliness.  However, on the day we went, the staff was less than friendly, screwed up our order, and unattentive when we tried to straighten it out.  The prices here are slightly higher than the BK franchises and the reality is you don't get much different of a burger than the restaurant since you can "have it your way" at Burger King anyway.

The toppings reminded me of a bad subway chain as they looked wilted and sloppy with mushrooms dripping into other containers.  The angry onions were really the only "different" topping on the menu and they were flavorless and limp.

The restaurant itself was not as clean as I hoped. The trashcans were overflowing and the floor looked dirty. The tables were not wiped down well.  I even had a server  who had just walked out from behind the counter refuse to answer my simple question about plastic knives because she was off duty.  No employee was anywhere to be found for about 5 minutes and then they looked at me like I was asking them for an angus patty covered in gold before handing me a sealed plastic knife.

All in all a disappointing end to what sounds like a great concept.
First off I am reviewing this as a Burger King, and its the hippest, coolest BK i have ever been to! 
1)All the employees had their teeth A++++
2)The bathrooms didnt have standing turds from the previous trucker who ate there. A+
3)Its perfect for when you are on your last $10 for a cheap eat on the way out of getting casino raped at the RIO.
4) only bad thing??? Its way in the top back corner and very eay to miss. 
I mean everyone knows, NOBODY KEEPS BK IN THE CORNER!!!
If you absolutely, positively, have to pay nine dollars for a gourmet whopper at two am in Vegas, this is the best, and, I suspect, only place guaranteed to satisfy a singularly bizarre craving.
The only other restaurant in Rio where you can get a burger and fries on a late night. It was ok. I had the Jalapeno Burger. It was a bigger than a normal size, but it I mean it is a little bit more pricey. Good for late night snack. That's all. =]
Whopper bar?!? FRICKEN AWESOME! The prices are a little ridiculous... Almost 14 bucks for 2 whoppers and 2 small drinks, with no fries, but whatevs. We had been out and about all day and night. I wanted food. Ideally, I would have liked to go to a buffet but after 10, there aren't any buffets open. Boooo. This hit the spot! Brilliant idea. Even if bk DOES use horse meat, and I swore I was never gonna eat it again, I just couldn't resist. Damn, it was good.
Apparently there are only TWO BK whopper bars, and somehow the Rio in Las Vegas got one of them.

Now, I have to admit, I liked the concept of the BK whopper bar.  A build your own whopper bar complete with a plethora of different toppings you would not see in a normal Burger King?  Count me in!

However, for some odd reason, the BK whopper bar had incredibly SLOW service.  Like, painstakingly slow.  I had ordered something simple and they somehow took 20 minutes to get me my food.

I guess since I was there at around 7, they may have been hit by a dinner crowd?  However, it looked like the set up was just not conducive to more than 1 person putting together people's seriously complex build your own whoppers.

I'm sure if BK Whopper Bars can get the set up more like a subway restaurant, this would be a concept that could be taken to other locations.  Until then, I think I'll just go to a regular BK where I know that my food will be out within 5 minutes.
Fast! And the line was out the door......I really enjoyed this Whopper Bar. I mean where else can we get our Whopper with a beer? :))
It's true, only TWO of these BK Whopper Bars in the world??  Damn, woulda thought they would make a better burger!  All show, no go.

This place in the Rio got a 3-star because of what an actual BK is.  If I take it that way as a chain, it gets an average rating.  No extra stars for this wannabe mini bar concept.  I was kinda excited to finally get to check this place out too!

After getting Trekked out at the Star Trek Convention, I was as famished as a Vulcan without a home planet.  Places in the Rio Hotel & Casino are HELLA expensive to eat at and I just wanted something simple.  Like a burger.  Eureka!  I finally thought to check out the BK Whopper Bar.  Burger and a beer?  Can't get much more grandiose for the chump change I had left after taking an interplanetary beating buying collectibles.  

I finally get to the place, and guess what?  Every single other klingon, vulcan, and U.S.S. Enterprise crewmate was in attendance.  Drats.  I was like, "Damn, this burger better be good."  After a 15 minute wait in line, I finally approach the cashier.  I look at the menu boards.  Whut?  This is all the same as in a regular BK!  Damn again!  I coulda just left this place and gone to a less busy (and less expensive) BK!  All the same items available at this BK Whopper Bar sans you can order a bottle of beer with your meal!  And dammit, why did I ever think I could order a foreign beer with it?  All friggin' domestic.  Unless you consider CORONA as being foreign (or alien in this case of Star Trek OR Mexican).  Other choices were Bud, Bud Light, Miller Lite, Heineken, or Corona.  Bleech.  Not really my favorites.  Would it kill you guys to have a brew-of-the-week special like Newcastle or Sam Adams??  Ack.

So ok, kill the beer and I'll settle for a soda.  The other perk for the BK Whopper Bar was the fact you can get your burger YOUR way, with additional toppings not available in your regular BK.  But hey, after being starving, standing in a slow @$$ moving line, and seeing skanky beer (and skanky dressed cosplayers), I was not in the mood.  Even more so after seeing the additional cost of adding any of these extra toppings to your burger.  So I gave in and just ordered a damn Whopper with Cheese combo like nearly everyone else before me.  Although I did get an order of onion rings instead of fries.  The setback?  A 'Whopper' of $9!  NINE friggin' dollars!  Oi, yes it is at least for me, expensive for this kind of fast-food slobbery.

The food?  Luckily just as good as a regular BK.  Which is not saying too much.  Whopper with Cheese (lettuce, tomato, onion, extra pickle, light mayo, ketchup, add mustard) for me was just OK.  At least the bun was supple, and the veggies were semi-fresh.  The burger itself though was dry (was probably holding in a tray).  The onion rings were basic but fried fresh, although I wish they had filled the box to the top instead of ripping me off a few rings.  Soda was just a soda (luckily it was a Coke).  I doubt I would have enjoyed this meal better with a skanky beer.  But who knows.

Overall, not much of a 'Whopper' of a time for me.  A fancy BK (ooooo...beeeeer) with the fancy price included.  Though much of the fancy doesn't go to the food or the experience itself.  I fancy that fancy goes with the price of acquiring the liquor license for this place.  BK for big boys, aye, so much potential sucked down the fast-food drain.

Just......DAMN.
Eduardo was my cashier at the whopper bar at the rio hotel and casino.. He has horrible customer service I littlerly had to return my whoppers since he only put cheese on them and worst of all he likes to argue saying he is right worst experices ever rather go to any other BK and get better service.. Was defenely not expecting this from a place that receives so many tourist  two dumbs down.. Not going back
Like Subway but with Whoppers.  Underwhelmed.
Most disgusting burger I have ever had. Way to much sauce, I ordered it plain and got BBQ, burger patty's were burned and I payed for guacamole which I could have fit into a spoon for ants. Would rather go to a normal Burger King than spend $8 for a burger that my 4 year old niece could make better.

Service was acceptable. Food was horrible. Would rather go to any other burger place in town including any other Burger King.

Oh and I had a few drinks so the food should be even better I feel sick after one burger and threw away the fries if you get the  the option drive down flamingo to in and out or go to anywhere else.
Stopped by after a long day walking the strip before heading to our room. My husband got a double and I got a single whopper. Service was quick and friendly. 

Our burgers were cold and the only thing I can compare the taste of the burger patty to is a gas station burger. Totally gross- and for $13ish dollars for 2 it was unacceptable. Burger King isnt one of my favorite places to begin with, but damn at least the patty is (usually) edible. 

I will not return here- I would rather pay even more money for a burger somewhere else in this casino than go through that again.
Thee worst service we stayed at the Rio Hotel and this was the only fast food spot local, the manager was cussing speaking to another employee while customers were waiting on food....this is insane!
Nice concept, but slow service. It's a Burger King "bar" with a build your own burger menu. They also serve beer, but it took 20 minutes for me to get an order of medium fries. Not good. Don't make a hungry b*tch wait!
I have been visiting this restaurant for 4 years now.  The employees are very courteous and the food is of good quality.  I have had very little problems aside from verbal communication issues with some of their employees that don't speak English very well.
Good food, good service. The times on yelp are incorrect and it is open. 
The food was good and the people working there are friendly and helpful.  Def stop in for some grub!
Carl's Jr. is a decent fast food restaurant, but I try to limit my trips. I don't really care for their french fries, but their burger is not too bad. I like that they have cheap soda and most of my visits are usually because I am looking for somewhere to get a quick inexpensive soda.
It was clean, they got my order right however the food didn't taste as good as I remembered. Lastly they had two large LCD TV's going it was quite loud, when I asked a employee if they could turn down the TV she said they don't have that control and walked away. If I want to watch TV I'll stay home and watch what I want to not some crap they feed us to watch. Take the TV's out of fast food and restaurants.
Starving after our flight here, this hit the spot!  Burger was great, couldn't eat it fast enough...

Difficult to understand the lady in drive thru... took a good 5 minutes to get through what we wanted to order but otherwise it was fine.
Yum..good fast food, cheap prices. I mean if you gonna eat fast food I would pick Carls jr or Wendy's over all the rest.
For those who know me I detest burger joints.  I have a scale by which I rate restaurants. Burger joints are at the 1 start end. Most unhealthy as you can get. Watch out for corn feed beef!
I'm not a kfc fan -I only came here because I'm a fan of Long John Silvers. I ordered a 2piece fish meal (basically the first combo on the LJS side).  Not like other LJS (i wanted cheese-sticks, with hushpuppies(only reason why I came here), and corn on the cob. This LJS express didn't have cheese-sticks or corn on the cob.  Basically it was to much food and the potato wedges were nasty.
I used to avoid this place like the plague.  KFC? That's unhealthy!  Long John Silvers? Forget about it!  

Nut not really if you do your research.  The Grilled Chicken Breast and the Green Beans are a great choice.  Always a good option when you want to change it up a bit.

I've been here a few times in the past five years and wasn't impressed.  For my past two recent visits it wasn't too bad.  The place isn't crowded when I come for lunch and the employees are super friendly.  The place is clean, the food comes out hot.  

They have Pepsi Products: Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Pepsi Max, Tropicana Pink Lemonade...

I'll come here again.  It's going in my work lunch rotation for sure.
The food here is disgusting!
I didn't buy anything but my friend bought some grilled chicken with green beans and coleslaw. He found the hairs IN the chicken YUCK! His green beans were very sour and tasted disgusting. The coleslaw was sticky and smelled like feet.
DON'T GO HERE!!!!!
Bad!  Bad food, bad service, very dirty and they were out of everything!  My mother in law wanted Long John Slivers, and well this was close to the house.  We should have left.  So here's hoping they clean things up!
I was on my way to get my eyebrows done; however, I needed to put something on my stomach.  

I haven't eaten here in years but now I know why.  I can't stand when there's a lot of fat on the chicken.  Almost as if it's not cleaned.

For the most part the staff was nice.
Very clean and fast. Nice hot food. I think the guys name was Ivan who was full of personality and awesome. Sometimes you guys are out of chicken though.
The last few times I've been here, they've been out of chicken at like 7:30 pm. You're a chicken place! How the hell are you out of chicken strips, fried chicken, grilled chicken. Your night time employees are rude and lazy. We ended up leaving since they pretty much didn't want to service us.
I tried the new boneless chicken, they are very similar to the main meat on a chicken breast. No partical nugget stuff. I was actually pretty impressed. Not to mention they are on sale for just $1 right now with any order. It said limit of 1 but I asked for 2 and they didn't give me any problems.
I have never experienced customer service like this in ANY fast food restaurant I've ever been to. I went in and inquired about the new spicy chicken bites they now have, I was curious what size they were, since that was going to determine how many I bought. The girl taking the orders named Kelly was MORE than helpful when answering my question, she went out of her way to walk back and bring me a sample of the chicken bites, THEN offered for me to try it. I declined since I wasn't hungry, but my husband tried it and said they were great! After seeing the size I decided to order 20 of the bites, Kelly then went back to check to see if they had enough for my order, which they didn't. She offered for us to wait while they made fresh. Of course I accepted, who wouldn't want fresh food. My husband and I took a seat to wait for our order, I observed Kelly with each customer that walked in. She was sweet, professional AND helpful with the customers orders. After a few minutes our bites were ready and we left. I will continue to KEEP coming to this location JUST because of Kelly. She went above and beyond what MOST fast food employees would, and I think that is wonderful. She was an absolute peach and made my experience at this particular location awesome. She truly made my day, KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK KELLY!!!!!
Worse service ever!!  The workers there got our orders wrong!  The girl taking my order never put in my cookies I ordered. She didn't apologize or anything!! They couldn't figure out how to give a large fry as a side on my friends order and told him he would have to pick another side and by the fries separate!!  So dumb!!!  Will never go back to that place!!
Its hard to rate a place on interaction of one said teenager female employee, but I must.   Here after referred to as HER.

Everyone here is of great professionalism, however the weakest link breaks the chain. 

My work friends and I find it a gamble to see who is working on the day we decide to visit. If it is not HER things are great and friendly and fast. 

If it is HER we get the blank, empty stare with no eye contact or customer service energy. Its like she (HER) rather be in bed sleeping or she could even by high or something.

I'm sure this store could figure out who HER is and fix the issue.

Also, why offer grilled chicken breasts if there is never any available?  Or it takes 20 mins to make but, wait, you drop the chicken of the floor (HER) and we wait 10 more minutes. But wait, you gave our chicken to someone else who walked in and out the door (HER) so we have to wait 10 more minutes again only to have to take our food to go because the lunch hour is almost up?

Or even worse, at another visit we asked for grilled chicken breasts and you say you don't have any?  Only way to get it is to tell the cashier that you will wait for it. 

Good luck on that. Might I recommend Roberto's Tacos or Yogi's Teriyaki in the same shopping center?
If you going to use the Drive-Thru at this KFC .....STOP..!!!, Don't waist your time and don't even think about it. You NEVER get your order right. Either they put wrong item you did not ask for or something is missing when you get home. Order taker has no clue how to take an order. Even today 5/14/2014 with manager looking over his shoulder, order taker screwed up. AGAIN..!! 

       "The order taker needs to know what's on the menu and sadly, need to know how to work the keypad for taking order..!!! "

Never Again..Done with this KCF.


ND
live yelp review. i am writing in all caps because it was that bad!!

employee working register told me to hold on to attend drive-thru 
when two other employees were already looking like lost (hush) puppies

friend had to grab his own cup because girl in front blanked out and didn't give it to him.

one employee couldn't even read the order screen (maybe the 
reason why they always f*ck up on orders?!)

waited more than half an hour to get food.

food was cold.

coleslaw was hot. while the chicken was cold .

when i went to get dr. pepper. mr pibb came out!

four different groups of customers, left because of the long john wait.

planned to eat in but was given to-go boxes.

there was food all over the kitchen floor.

couldn't tell the difference between a piece of chicken from a piece of fish.

no utensil were given for my already cold mashed potatoes.

our entire group will never ever come back!
Visited aprox 5:30 PM Friday 05/20/2011. An employee was mopping the whole floor with something similar to Pine-sol. Glad we weren't trying to eat inside, gave my wife a headache. My wife's salmon was overcooked as were the Gyoza (potstickers). The salmon was supposed to come with tempura, the receipt was correct, but no tempura. We were already home when she discovered that. The Arizona Bowl was mostly white rice with a little fake(?) crab on top. If you order "to go" check the order before you leave. We will not return.
Good place for a cheap casual lunch. Has a simple cafe feel to it. I enjoyed my chicken teriyaki bowl, but the egg rolls were kind of mushy. I will be back to try their sushi rolls (other patrons seem to like 'em).
Yogi's does a decent job at providing fast-food Japanese.  Prices are good, and portions are pretty large.  The katsu chicken I tried was nicely crispy and juicy.  I've also had the eel dish, and the eel is a good portion size, with steamed vegetables.  The vegetables weren't anything too exciting, and were a bit bland.  Compared to other fast-food Japanese, there are other places I would frequent more, but if I'm in the area, it's a good choice for quick Asian food.
If you're in a hurry, make sure you call in your order ahead of time.  I'm not sure if they grill their meat per order or what but you will have to wait a few minutes.   Definitely worth the wait.  One of the best teriyaki places in Phoenix that I know of.  The beef is always lean and thinly cut.  The chicken is dark meat but you can substitute for white meat if you ask.  It'll cost you about $1.00 extra, which is totally worth it.
They're open on Sunday now.  Huge plus in my book.  Yay!
This is a thoroughly competent "rice bowl" establishment, with a somewhat expanded menu.  It differs from fast food places you might find in shopping malls in several ways:
1.  A greater portion of the food is prepared to order and is thus fresher.
2.  There is an expanded menu, including not only teriyaki rice bowls, but also tempura, popular sushi rolls, etc.
3.  The food quality is a bit better.

Prices are reasonable, but not cheap.  And you need to realize that this is an "order at the counter" place, although they do bring your food to your table.  It ain't fancy, folks.  But for what it is, Yogis Grill is about as good as you are likely to find.

Hint:  Look for coupons on the Internet, in mailers, etc.
It is a great Japanese Teriyaki restaurant at fast food price.  I have been addicted to their teriyaki beef bowl and can't stop going there.   Awesome food at reasonable price.  Healthier than any fast food restaurants.  Highly recommended and will go there today for another beef teriyaki bowl..
I am a Teriyaki chicken lover, so this is the spot to go to if your just simply craving some traditional teriyaki with rice bowl or plate. I almost always get the Teriyaki with the steamed Veggies and white rice!! We also truly enjoy their avocado rolls and California rolls, they are both much fuller and cleaner cut, then other places.
**** Also the service was nice, overall it is good.
My boss and I ordered from here for lunch today and were pleased with our order. I got the teriyaki and tempura combo, which comes with chicken teriyaki, 1 piece of shrimp tempura, 2 pieces of vegetable tempura, 2 pieces of a california roll and a small side salad. My boss got the avocado roll and the spicy tuna roll.

I thought the chicken teriyaki was good, nothing too special and pretty general. The california roll was nice and fresh. The tempura unfortunately was soggy by the time I brought it back to the office, and I felt that the shrimp could have been cooked better. The salad was very, very small and was mainly just iceberg lettuce- it was very underwhelming. 

My boss enjoyed his sushi, but he was peeved that their "avocado roll" had krab in it. He doesn't eat shellfish, so we had to call to see if it was real crab or not. It was basically a cali roll with avocado on top and eel sauce.

Overall for a quick lunch if you're craving teriyaki it is pretty good, but then again there are a lot of other options in the area too.
Decided to try this fast food Japanese place cause we were in a hurry but my son had a craving for sushi. I ordered the rainbow roll only but the menu looked really good. The roll was presented really well and it tasted pretty good. The only problem with this place is the service is really slow. I waited for a long time to get my roll. Overall the place with very clean and modern looking. Would I come back? Maybe but not if I'm in a hurry
I am a HUGE fan of Yogi Grill! Shianne is located at the scottsdale and Shea location and I have to admit I LOVE that she knows my name!! Not because I am there all the time but because she is just really good like that.

Food is priced perfectly!

I have tried several things on the menu - Egg rolls, Pot stickers, teriyaki chicken and beef as well as the tempera. I am not a sushi person and I don't like seaweed! They have a cucumber roll that I add Avocado too and instead of seaweed I get soy paper. It is a buck more I think. But SO WORTH IT!! Oh let's not forget the Avocado salad! YUMMMM

OK so I now go here at least once a week for lunch or dinner and I never tire of it!

Fresh made tasty food that is healthy!
I love Teriyaki bowls and this place has never let me down. They are very consistent, fast and delicious. I order lunch from here occasionally. I like to get the spicy Teriyaki chicken with white meat, low carb style. With the low carb, they substitute rice with fresh steamed veggies. It is great mixture of broccoli, carrots and cabbage. It's a great choice for something healthy, quick and cheap.
Love their teriyaki everything. Used to be samurai sams and that was horrible. Yogis gives you a good amount of food with every order too. I always get a chicken bowl and gyoza. Love their rolls too. Best teriyaki sauce ever.
The more and more I come here the more and more I LOVE it 
I updated this review. Originally 3 starts but bumped it up to 5. The service here is really exceptional for a walk-up-and-order place. Cheyenne (one of the counter girls) is phenomenal and will always be polite, remember your name, and have a genuine smile on her face. The little Asian couple that owns the place is always working and try very hard to make their business succeed. I see the woman here almost every time I'm here and she's polite and always smiles.. Great service!!! 

--original review--

Always a fan of Yogis! 

I work right across the street from here, and Yogis is always a good option for some good Asian/Teriyaki. (Their sushi is alright, but in my opinion, really isn't worth it for the quality you get) 

I generally always get the chicken teriyaki with veggies bowl. The food is always made to order and always tastes good. Chicken is usually always tender, and although sometimes I do get dark meat (yay for my tastebuds but nay for nutritional value) it is always of decent quality. Their spring rolls aren't half bad either, although they are considerably average tasting (but hey, it's a fast-food Asian place, what can you expect). They have unlimited Sriracha and soy sauce, which is always nice if you dine in, but if you order to go, they will charge for extra sauces. 

I recommend picking up a punch-card if you live/work close by, because after you buy 9 regular teriyaki bowls you get the 10th free (or something very close to that)
Stopped for gas and food driving around Vegas, and aside from being in a complex that had low gas prices, the burger wasn't too bad for this person who rarely eats burgers or fast food. The fries were HOT, and the tables were clean. Paid less than $5 for (2) Jack Jack using a free JJ coupon, large fries and large drink (the items I had to pay for were the fries & drink). Restrooms located in the complex - a few minutes walk through a convenience store but no problem. Well-lighted and easy parking.
Even though I'm writing this review from Jack in the box at Las Vegas blv. This is for all the all the Jack in the boxes that helped me make it through the day!
Jack in the Box has everything you craving for. Starting with the most basic fast food items. Burgers and fries. Want Mexican? Best tacos for only .99 for two! If you looking for some Asian how about chicken teriyaki bowl with egg roll. Get a deli trio Grilled sandwich if Italian is what your looking for. they also have some healthy selections like salads and grilled chicken if counting calories is your thing. With all the selections, even if you don't know what you want,  you're surely will find something to suit your fancy. What else can you ask for? 24 hour breakfast? You got it! No matter how late I wake up I never miss breakfast when jacks' around. 
Thank you for being there for me!
..........If you are what you eat, is that makes me a Jack?
We don't have Jack in the Box on the East Coast.  I'm glad we don't if this is the norm.   Service was totally disorganized.  And no internet.  Food was ok though.
This Jack in the Box location was very clean inside. 
There was a homeless man in there, but he wasn't disturbing anyone.

The funny thing about Jack is that this is the only place where I think you can eat TACOS with RANCH.

There was this automated stand to order your food and if you used it, you would get free 5-piece churros.

Their churros are different, because even though it has sugar all over it, it had a cinnamon-sweet filling on the inside.

Their curly fries are way better than regular fries.

Their breakfast burritos are pretty good, but you don't get a bite of everything in each bite. One time the whole top was all egg and the bottom had all the steak.
My first jack in the box bc they don't have it on the east coast. I was so excited. I ordered I the kiosk bc they had a promotion of free 5 piece churros. I just got a burger..  Customizable for sauces and stuff. It was good for my first time. Breakfast menu looked great but never got a chance to try it :(
First time here and the last..
We went thru about 11pm and ordered tacos and med Pepsi. 
They had NO drinks available. So we just got the tacos. It took them a while to get the order and we only ordered 8.They even had us back up so the timer would stop at the window!!
When we got the food we went right home maybe a 5min drive. the tacos were cold and hard. So what took them so long in making our tacos? They were not fresh, there was no one in line behind us nor inside the place.
Will not go back waste of our time and money
Mary has been so awesome with customer service. I have been a frequent customer over the last two months. Trying to get this location recognized on Yelp took some doing, but finally it happened. This is a great location near the 215 freeway, but it is also is far enough away from the busy Arroyo Marketplace.

This location has a dining room that is open late and is a good option to try their turkey hamburger.

Some of the most friendly and best service I have received from a fast food restaurant.
This is my favorite Carl's Jr. location in town! The employees are super friendly and the restaurant is always spotlessly clean. I love Carl's low-carb lettuce wrapped burgers and the folks here understand what I want when I order that (they will seriously wrap ANYTHING ON THEIR MENU in lettuce to make it lower in carbs)! I just love this location, you can't go wrong here.
I went there today and the food was pretty good, but what grossed me out was the fact that the lady taking orders and bringing out food was also cleaning the bathrooms
they should have a separate crew for that! eww
ive never waited for more than 20 mins at a fast food burger place. i kept telling my wife that it was a good sign and that it just means that the food will be super fresh. not so much. the fries were prob reheated at least twice as they looked old and the burger meat was on the cold side as well. ill just stick to freddys or in-n-out!!
**HORRIBLE**
If you are from mid-west (WI) and expecting the same food/service, YOU WILL BE MISTAKING
Their 'scoops' are like table spoons and they can't get an order right; guess that is reflective of the high school kids working there.  I've given them 5-6 tries since they opened, EVERY TIME telling myself to complain; figured cuz they were new.  TERRIBLE!  I hope the others in the area are better; this one needs new managers and/or an owner to stop up
Tried this location after often going to the Peoria near Cactus location. Was very happy with the meal and my daughter wanted a dinner so she ordered the chopped steak and was happy with her meal. This will be a regular family spot as we were all so full afterward.
Burger-good, real good
Fries-just fries, need to crisp them or something
Custard-delicious!
Choc shake-delicious
Always greeted when you walk in the door, fast good service, great food and deserts. Clean restrooms and dinning area.
Amazing food. Fantastic service.  Thanks Joe
Great food..great service..always clean..
One of my favs, place is always clean and I'm always greeted with a smile.
Yummy treats and great service.
This was my first visit to a Culver's restaurant. My first observation was the outside area, it was clean and litter free with ample parking. The inside was also very clean and neat, as was the bathroom.  The owner of the store personally took my order and he was friendly and very professional. I ordered the "Culvers Deluxe" platter, which included fries and a drink. The double meat, double cheese burger came piled high with bacon and fresh veggies. The burger was excellent, hot and plenty of juice. Fries were ok, crispy, could have been more of them. Overall, prices are about average for a burger combo. The food was above average for a fast food joint. The staff was friendly and helpful. I give Culver's a thumbs up and I am sure I will visit them again.
Butter buns..ummm..passed this time!  I tried the pot roast dinner.  Not bad.  The meat was tender and the side portion of mash potatoes and greens were good.  The dining room was full of  families.  There's something for everyone from burgers, cheese curds, shakes, sundaes to pot roast and fried chicken. If you have kids, check this place out! Clean, good food and the staff is friendly and helpful.
New to this area and had never seen this chain before so decided to give it a shot. The food is good as far as flavor, the issue I have is the meat to bun ratio. The burgers have little more meat on them than a Krystal or White Castle but they have a full size bun. Just wish for a little more. Malts are great though!
This Culver's is always clean and the staff is very friendly & attentive. The custard is to die for, you won't be disappointed! My favorites flavors of the day are the Bonfire Smores, Mint Explosion, Salted Carmel Banana Nut and Double Marshmallow Oreo. Now I'm hungry!
Cheese curds.....yum. The custard, extra yum. The service, almost always great. Today the cashier was a bit of a snot. The fried chicken was the show stopper today. I would have never guessed you can get chicken that good there. AND the fries are the ONLY fries offered by a national chain that gives McDonald's any competition.
I have eaten there in the past and has been a while.  Food was very good when this restaurant first opened.  Just went there 01/18/2014. I ordered the chicken dinner to go, and it was the worst crap ever.  First the cashier ran back and asked the cook if there was any chicken.  I received 2 legs and  thighs which tasted and looked like it sat under a heat lamp for hours.  For the price your paying u think it would be fresh!  Quality has definitely went down.  Will never again go to this culvers location again.
Generally disappointing. For one thing, I was picturing more of a Perkins or even Denny's type place. Not fast food. It reminded me more of a Dairy Queen than anything else. The man running the cash register was not exactly friendly. The 3 of us had one order of Walleye and 2 orders of fried chicken. He yelled into the back to find out if they had more fried chicken (it was 6pm on a Saturday). Finding out they did, he said we could have the chicken. When our orders came one plate had two large chicken breasts and the other had a spindly wing and drumstick. Everything was super oily, even by the standards of fried fast food. The breading on the chicken was bland and heavy. Hubby said the walleye was decent but bland. Fries were frozen crinkle fries. I didn't try the roll and didn't hear any commentary on the green beans. The cole slaw was apparently decent but sweet (Miracle Whip). 
Although the desserts look intriguing, I probably wouldn't come here again for food.
The friendliness of the staff and manager, Joe was superb!!!! I will definitely be returning. Customer service like that is unfortunately very rare so when I receive it I think it's important to point it out! Way to go Joe!!

Oh, the food was great!
This place is a typical greasy spoon.  Mostly previously frozen, Costco junk food.  Yuk!
I've only been here a couple of times, but I know when I have people visit me and want a burger. I am going to take them here. This is a superhero themed joint and though a pretty cut and dry burger joint, the prices are reasonable and the food is tasty. I also heard there are weekly contests. They even have deep fried twinkies....don't have to wait till the fair for this fried delicacy. There is also soft serve and sundaes. So sit down, enjoy a burger and watch a superhero movie that is generally playing in the background.
Greasy hole in the wall joint. I gave it one star but please read the review. OK the food I had was very good. (Bordering on delish actually) but keep reading. This is a strange place. Superhero decor all over the place and Spiderman was playing on the wall Plamsa TV. It was too dark to see the movie though. ( Don't know why, maybe the TV was broke or the light from the nearby window was too much, hmmmmmm) ) I got a regular burger special. It was yummers. Good fries!  They have different types of burgers, breakfast 24 hours a day, and Gyros.They also have all types of deep fried desert treats too. But herein lies the problem. I wasn't even half way finished eating when I literally was attacked by flies. Lots of them! They were all over the area I was sitting at. They kept landing in my food, on my face , in my hair, etc and so forth. I was like, "What The Heck?"  I looked around and noticed that the place was pretty filfthy and swarming with even more flies. It was pretty disgusting! I left. Too bad because I really liked the food. I wanted to come back and try some other things, but I won't. It only takes one case of previous food poisoning to become very paranoid about things like that. I am not even the world's pickiest neat freak but I don't know what was going on in there tonight.  So my questions for Mike are, "why all the flies and why such a dirty restaurant?" EWHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! It was like some really bad 1960 Hitchcock movie. ( NO JOKE)

This place is closed as of 4/15/13
Staff is nice, but they don't really care to talk much.. It's not like it was busy (i was the only one there). 

Anyways fries were made from the frozen/freezer bag kind. it was all mushy inside.

I could make a better burger at home on a george foreman. I will pass on this place...

they have the most unhealthiest menu ever too.. if you go twice in a lifetime you most likely will have at least 1 heart attack.

kudos on that part...
Brand new Del Taco location up in Centennial Hills just off 95 and Durango. Open 24-hours like other locations. Pretty good service and consistent food, always know what to expect from Del Taco. This location is often not quite as busy as the one in Centennial Center, nice to have an option.
You have a choice here. Jack in the Box or Del Taco. Del Taco is great for breakfast, when you need something quick, or when there are 5 cars in Jacks drive thru.
Love when their coupons come out.  Saves a bunch on money.  This Del Taco is clean and new.  Staff are pretty cool and efficient.  I just don't like the wait in drive thru
I'm a relatively big del taco fan. I don't eat alot of fast food but if I want some tacos these are quick and some of my fav, specifically the fish tacos they're quite tasty. 
They also have a new like.. lower priced menu that isn't half bad. I would recommend the jacked up bean and cheese burrito off of that menu...
Decent fast food style tacos/burritos at a pretty good price.  Staff was friendly, but they need to do something about the wait in the drive-thru.  Been the other Del Tacos around town and this one seems to be the slowest out of them all.  Always a wait no matter what time you go.
Busiest in town makes it fresh.  Get some always fast fresh and friendly, its fast food, but WAY better than Taco bell..boo his...zero stars for Taco bell....  Del at least has some fresh ingredients and flavors, inferno sauce is best.    Almost a 4 star, but its a fast food place.  Service is stellar, so lets call it 3.5 stars..not 4 stars yets till they serve beer.  lol
This del taco has especially fresh and tasty food. The staff is always friendly and fast. Even late at night it has a line and it's still quick.
Being an OC native, home of Del Taco, I've been hooked on it for a long time.  Love their fries more than all other places with the exception of In-n-out.  Value can't be beat. This location is clean with friendly service.
These fish tacos are worth the trip. I love the fries and other goodies that they sale at this location. The drive thru is always moving pretty quickly.  The people who work the drive thru are pretty nice. But make sure that you double check your order. I give it 4 stars :)
I had very high hopes for Campus Commons coming out of a fantastic Yelp event earlier in the week.  But I was let down today when a co-worker and I took a drive for lunch.  I came in to work raving about all of the awesome food I had.  I wanted, no, needed to go back and to share in this discovery.  Upon walking in today I was hit with a strong fish smell probably from the Weeziana Gumbo, the Korean place, and the Mexican place.  Each serves fish of some sort.  I can get past the smell though.  I'm not planning on eating the fish.  But what I was planning on eating I was not able to.  Counter Cuisine was not going to open today.  That was one of my first choices for lunch.  I loved the vegetarian lasagna I had last time.  My other choice was Kaba Curry.  I've had their food a couple of times but they were not open as early as I was there and I could not wait until they opened.  I had to get back to the office.  That left me with the Korean restaurant which I was not in the  mood for. The Mexican restaurant which did not seem to have on their menu everything that I sampled with Yelp. Wing King which does not appeal to me as I do not like wings. And Weeziana Gumbo which is very good but has limited options.  After a few minutes of deliberation with my co-worker, we decided to save Campus Commons for another day.  I still want to try it again but it is hard to tell who is going to be open and when.  Perhaps when Spring Break is over and the students are back at nearby CSN all the restaurants at Campus Commons will be open and I give it another try.  Until then, I'm disappointed in the casual disorganization of it all.
This is a better alternative to going to the mall food court or as a casual lunch/dinner place when you can't decide on what to eat.  As of now, you can choose Korean BBQ, Japanese style curry, Creole, Mexican, chicken wings (with CRAZY-good desserts), and a great healthy eating joint.

I made a statement about this place in my review of the CMYE, but I will make it again, since I deem it so important.  The owners here are very community oriented, even recommending food from the other places.  As a community, they keep tables clean and give good customer service.  

Don't forget, there is free WiFi if you need to have a working lunch and there is also a computer in the dining area, but i have yet to see anyone using it.

My 2 current favorites are Counter Cuisine (because I should be eating healthier) and Kaba Curry.

One thing to be aware, as was stated by Misti Y. & Jared N., each establishment has their own hours and it would behoove you to call ahead to make sure they are open.
It is almost like a mall food court without the mall and the national and regional franchise brands. What you will find are local small restaurants serving what they believe are the best food they can serve for the money.  It is very close to the College of Southern Nevada (CSN) Charleston campus, another nearby school, other commercial properties and apartments, so it is a convenient spot to drop in for a quick lunch or dinner.

What you will find here in no particular order are:

Korean take out (K-BBQ, with a little Hawaiian and boba tea added for good measure).

Kaba Curry. Japanese curry menu on traditional rice or udon noodles, and curry grilled chess sandwiches plus some Hawaiian inspired desserts.

Weeziana Gumbo & More.  Serving up no joke Seafood Gumbo!  Authentic home style Louisiana food and desserts.

Wing King. Hot wings with mild to make you cry like a little b**** sauce options.  Bomb desserts.

Counter Cuisine.  Healthy but tasty alternatives to your average eats.

Tacos el Jefe. Food you get at home if you are raised in a Mexican family with parents that can cook like Top Chef finalists.

A lot of variety, so a good chill spot to meet with your friends if y'all can't agree on what to eat.

Free WiFi for customers.

3 stars!
Talk about food court with personality! First off who would ever think about making a free standing building next too college campus (CSN) with not exactly the most attractive decor on the inside and out. Nor would you call it in the best area of town or clearly visible sure they have big sign out front but could easily pass it. Never judge a book by its cover!! You will find inside is one literally melting pot of culinary delight in life! An ethnic diversity that would please most souls in life from Korean, Mexican, Southern Cuisine, Japanese Curries, American Hot Wings, and Healthy Alternative. Most part Campus Commons is not that busy. I never went during lunch hours when most students are on campus but in the evenings not too busy. The fall back with evening hours is half the restaurants generally closed. The chairs are classic food court style with the turning chairs get in and out. Most if not all the restaurants serve food in styrofoam plates or bowls. No servers but for the most part they all deliver the food too you. Parking lot all around the building. 

In all think Campus Commons has personality all its OWN. Every business in the building is truly family owned NONE of this mass marketed or chain restaurant brand. Nothing fancy about the decor just proves my point its OWN. Just refreshing too see such diversity of restaurants all under one tiny roof and supportive of each other. For sure if looking too support the family own Campus Common is example of little restaurants that get lost sometimes. Just a great place too support local community, little people, and heck literally go seven days straight never have the same thing twice here at Campus Common!!!
From the outside, I can't tell what the heck this place is: the "Internet Cafe" part caught my eye and I initially went in hoping to use free wifi. But then I walked in and saw multiple food counters, like a food court- and a random desktop computer toward the back, realizing that the "internet cafe" was a business. Oops.

But I lingered- there's a decent selection of places here, and while they all seemed to be fairly small and low-budget, I figured that local businesses had to start somewhere, right? And an entire brick-and-mortar building usually requires a big chunk of change, not to mention remodeling costs before they even open. I can see the opportunity being pretty good, from the business perspective.

There's a wing place, a taco place, the obligatory boba stand, what appeared to be a southern place? and what I really loved: a cajun place. Weeziana's is what really got my attention, with their fish and swamp offerings of gumbo and po' boys and fried catfish. Ultimately went for the seafood gumbo and shut the door on the flavor. Gave them their own separate 5-star review, and I don't hand out many of those.

Gonna be back here soon, probably this weekend, to grab wings during the 49ers game. Judging by their Yelp presence, the odd location hasn't hampered their success either- here's hoping this odd little food court becomes known as a breeding ground for great local restaurants new to the biz, later going on to great things.
Finally a location in the area. Love the famous star, super star and the steakhouse six dollar burger. Also the charbroiled sante fe chicken sandwich. Drive thru is open 24hrs. Didn't eat inside just went drive thru but it looked kinda busy inside. Drive thru service was quick.
Great to have another option when it comes to good fast food out here where we all know there aren't many diecent choices for food on this side of town, too many houses not enough retail. Anyway, I went during the first week they were open so this probably isn't the most accurate review seeing as I'm sure they had extra help in the begining, so I will check back and update later if neccesary. I was greeted immediately and it was very busy. The cashier was super friendly, and my food was placed in front of me on a tray before she even handed me my reciept! Like I said, first week open though. Needless to say, I was quite blown away though! Inside dinning room is very nice, great selection of Coca-Cola products inside, not much to hate! I do wish the drive-thru was open later though, it's only open til midnight Sunday-Thursday and til 2am on Friday, Saturday. I'd probably give it 5 stars if it had a 24 hour drive-thru like BK across the street, but not much to complain about aside from that. Great food!
It's fast food. It is what it is. 

I just like their criss cut fries. I've tried one of their burgers- Teriyaki and while the flavor was okay, the meat was just not good. 

The BF wanted to go again and got some criss cut fries and one of the fries was straight green and the BFs chicken sandwich was just terrible that he didnt eat it. I don't know about their standards. It's fast food and should be consistent but somehow this one has been crappy. 

Right by the house and will not be back. Shouldn't be eating crap anyways so maybe a good thing it's so shitty.
As far as fast food. Carl's Jr does hamburgers right. They do a good job with the onion rings. Not too thin and not too big as a lot of other places make them. I just tried their buffalo sauce chicken tenders. The sauces is good but the delivery is poor. The just put sauce on top of their tenders. This makes the breading soggy.
Every time I have been to this location I have had horrible service. The chicken tenders have been old and greasy. They always mess up my order, either forgetting something or not removing something. I love Carl's Jr. And this location ruins the image. If this was the only location I went to I would never return to any Carl's Jr.
This place is a conveyor belt for long-frozen, dry, over-cooked approximations for food. They think that by making the burgers bigger, people will equate that with value, despite the fact that the big stuff is over-priced, and the smaller stuff is even more over-priced. I got a chicken sandwich here for seven bucks that was smaller than a deck of cards, burned blacker than the bottom of a demon's feet.

Their hamburger is virtually tasteless, so they splatter them with all kinds of sauce and wilted toppings. The only thing fresh here is a couple of the vegetables, which typically only serve to make the massive, starchy buns slide around. And their soda is watered down.

The "natural cut fries" were cut from potatoes all right... a long time ago. Clearly frozen to a point where their natural flavor is all but gone. And the only reason the criss-cut fries are anywhere near decent is the massive spice layer that manages to hold in extra fryer oil. Underneath, it's still awful and tasteless.

Carl's wasn't quite this bad a few years back. They were still pretty awful, but these days, at this location in particular, it's a train wreck. I gave them the benefit of the doubt a few times now, and every time I'm disappointed and end up feeling disgusting and shameful. Not to mention robbed of a few extra dimes.

Nailing it all home is their deplorable ad campaign, which covers all their bags and cups with snarky bullshit about how awesome they are, punctuated with "That's just the way it is." You know something's wrong when Jack-in-the-Box does a better job of condescending to you, not to mention serving a better version of god-awful fast food at a less insulting price.

If this franchise had a face, I would punch it.
Spent $10 on my meal which was chicken sandwich, fries, and a milkshake.  C'mon!  For fast food?  And my food was cold & tasteless.
Great experience
Fast food is fast food- This place was A-OK for me and the BF for the start of our road trip. The line in the drive thru was pretty fast and the staff was friendly.

I always order the same thing- Santa Fe Chicken and the BF gets the $6 burger. Everything tasted fresh and the fries and zucchini were piping hit.

I would definitely return to this location if I am ever going on another road trip.
So I usually love this Carl's, the food is always great and fresh and the employees at incredibly friendly. However, I always order the low carb six dollar guacamole bacon burger (say that 3x fast! ) and sometimes, understandably, its hard for the people in the drive-thru to catch all of what I'm saying. So I say it slow and they repeat it back to me to make sure they got it right.

There's a couple employees who get it right, but it seems like there's always some issue. Either I'm charged for a low carb burger and I get one with a bun (which is fine because the LC is cheaper and I just take off the bun) or, like tonight, there is no guacamole or bacon. This is already after they initially forgot the LC part and I had to say the whole thing over again.

Not really complaining because this burger is comfort food for me regardless, and I guess people don't order these burgers very often,  its just a pet peeve. But everything else here is stellar for a fast food place.
Their food is good when prepared correctly but the staff isn't that friendly and forget about having it your way! Milkshakes are runny ( I asked for a thick one) and way too much sauce on the Avocado, bacon, jack cheese burger.
This quick eats place is located in the race and sports book area, right across from the Lion King theatre.

We were looking for something tasty and not so hoity toity place when we found the eatery.  The BF was in the mood for philly cheese steak and voila! They do serve it.  The sandwich is good for 2 people and it comes with good fries.  When you buy a drink, do they offer 1 free refill but be wary what time it is.  I guess we got there close to closing time.  The lady told us about the free refill, but she didn't mention it to us that they were getting ready to close.  

By the time I finished the drink and went back up, she said "Sorry we're closed!!!" and  I was like "I just wanted to get a refill" and she said no.  So the BF goes up to her and ask her for water and she said no, that they have already cleaned everything and there's no more fluids in the soda machine.  BIG BUMMER! I wished she would've told us in the beginning =(

The price range for the food could be like $8.50 for a chilli hotdog to less than $18 for a nice salad.  They also have small tables that you bring your food to or you can sit  and eat at the leather chairs if you wanted to watch the sports game.
At Mandalay Bay there aren't many casual places to get a snack and I'm always eating... Sports Book Grill is hidden in a corner and was a good place to grab a quick bite.

The turkey club sandwich for $11 was stacked high and the fries were tasty.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wJAs37fHi3iqQ8Huym1mGg?select=6TeeKaVwmPCxsNFu0o_ZHw

No complaints here.  I would come back if I stay at Mandalay Bay again.

Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
We went to this Sports book not knowing what to expect since I read reviews on this being overly priced and not that good. Well to our surprise it was super yummy. We ordered a turkey sandwich and it came with french fries. The turkey sandwich was so yummy and with a lot of turkey! Totally worth it! I recommend this place for fast and normal food on the strip! Cant beat a good sandwich/food and great place to watch sports.
Decent food but it takes FOREVER to  get it especially when crowded.  It may not look crowded but be careful.  You order and pay and then you realize there are 50 orders in front of you.  And you can't cancel the order. They should tell you that it will be awhile before you order.  I will not return.
Amazingly this was the best value for food at Mandalay Bay. It is your basic burger, sandwich, fries type of place but it really works.   Located just off the sports booking area it is a hidden gem. Service was friendly and quick and although it is more cafeteria style than a sit down restaurant, IT ROCKED!  If you are more impressed with a good meal and being full than the fancy stuff then you found your place.
Pleasantly surprised by this out of the way stand. Food prices were pretty good - we got a burger and chicken fingers, and found the portion sizes to be generous. The fries were good, as many other reviewers have mentioned.

Since it's in the Sports Book, nobody under 21 can eat here. They do offer takeout though. Their menu is probably among the more kid-friendly of the restaurants. We had a food & beverage credit with the room and this was also one of the only places open later at night.

Service is somewhat slow so they lose a star. Beverage/dessert prices seem out of proportion compared to the reasonable food prices.
For some reason I never get a chance to eat before my flight home.   Thank goodness for Popeye's chicken inside the airport.  The food is always fresh and tasty.   The price is high as I don't know what..however so is everything else at the airport!
Y'all know I love dat chicken at Popeyes, but this time I have to kivetch a bit. I was not fortunate to land in the appropriate C terminal where this is located and had a long walk to the venue to get some long awaited Cajun yard bird! But alas ... I found it to be twice the cost of regular Popeyes anywhere else and then...it happened. I walked back to my terminal to eat my bounty only to find that the order was shorted!!! I cried for a moment until I realized that I was being forced on a diet by the fried chicken Gods. I know that's not right! The remaining piece was seasoned as I like it...spicy. The biscuit was also non greasy at second glance. I was disappointed that the famous dirty rice seems to have a new recipe and it is less desirable than previous experience. 
Y'all know I'm gonna go back again though. I just will pay more attention and review my order to ensure higher satisfaction later .
i thought i was still drunk when i stumbled upon a popeyes. A MOTHER EFFING POPEYES IN THE AIRPORT!!!! WTF??? God is good. and i was still drunk.

after a mad March Madness weekend, i needed something fried and chicken to help me get through the corridors at McCarran. enter Popeyes. two words for you. WOW. WOW. i thought it was a mirage. and the prices were pretty reasonable. $9 for 2 pieces, a biscuit and coleslaw. 8 mins later i was smitten. i was just full of smite. you could hit quads on the river to beat my flopped nut flush and i would still be full of glee after eating here. it was soooo gewd! washed down with some diet pepsi (of course) and i was ready to sit at my gate and wait. and nap. 

POPEYES IS THE BEST FOOD OPTION IN THE AIRPORT. *ANY* AIRPORT.

take that to the bank.
Surprised there are not more reviews for this place, Popeye's in the airport? I had to... and it was SO good. I don't even remember the last time I had Popeye's, but that was so worth it. $7.99 for 2 piece chicken combo w/ one side, a biscuit and a drink. Chicken was tasted freshly cooked, not like it had been sitting out all day in grease. The mashed potatoes came with gravy and were really tasty. I got BBQ sauce also, which was an extra $.64 cents? 

Anyways, this place is perfect if you're on your way home, possibly hungover and want something savory and hearty.
Although this location (since it was in the airport) had a more limited menu, I am definitely a fan of popeyes. They have very good juicy chicken, catfish, love their rice and beans. I wish they had more locations throughout the city because they put kfc to shame.  This was my first time ordering breakfast from them (because I had a morning flight) and I ordered their chicken and biscuit and added an egg. WOW it was good.  I will say that their orange juice was very small though (maybe it's an airport thing, I don't know)  but I will definitely go back to any location
Let me tell you about this popeye's. They don't let you substitute your side dishes. Unlike the regular popeye's "if you don't want your biscuit you can substitute for more mashed potatoes." Food is greasy you know how it is with fry food. While "Till next time my food lover.. till next time."
Louisiana fast!

I haven't had Popeye's in forever mostly due to all the locations in Denver being in undesirable parts of town but it was right in the middle of our terminal at the airport so why not?

Oh lord, I forgot how delicious their grub is! I got the chicken biscuit and their biscuit are flaky, fluffy and buttered to perfection, their chicken has just the right amount of crunch with a kick of spice that made it almost impossible to not scarf down in seconds. 

The employees weren't the most personable but oh well, I really wouldn't expect that much pizazz from a fast food place in the airport.
When I eat fast food on the road I love me some Popeyes!  Always delicious.  This time did not disappoint.  Good and fresh but the ladies behind the counter chatted with each other more than they spoke with the cusotmers.
I like fried chicken, I perhaps would say that I'm a fried chicken fanatic.  Normally I like Popeyes any chicken that is spicy.  The chicken here wasn't spicy enough and the outside and breading wasn't crispy and crunchy enough.  Regardless, for airport for it's pretty good.
Located down by Southwest terminal. This Popeye's have some of the best chicken that I've had to date. Hot and fresh spicy chicken strips with mash potatoes and gravy with the buttery bisquit and I'm sleep on the flight home!
Worst service ever. No "hello" and no "thank you". Refused to give me a cup of ice or ice water even though I would pay extra. Wow!
They close at 9pm but saw me drooling so took my order and hooked me up. Love the chicken love the service. Way to go the extra mile for your customers
Wie bei Mama (wenn deine Mama ne super koechin ist) :) This is some serious German food. I had Schweinebraten (the most succulent pork roast) and Knoedel (potato dumplings). My partner had Jaegerschnitzel (tenderized, breaded, and fried meat with mushroom sauce) and Spaetzle (herbed pasta). The sauces were all amazing--perfect consistency and super flavorful without being a salt bath. We also got some Currywurst for the baby, who gobbled it up. We managed to sample some of the Currywurst when baby looked the other way and nearly cried with joy--a little taste of home! The dessert was great as well... though they were out of the chocolate mousse that we had wanted. My partner is German and we both miss German food--though now we don't have to go far to get it. Finally, a German restaurant that lives up to the knock-out flavors of traditional German cooking. We'll definitely be back.
Really good German food. 3 of us went in for a quick helping of currywurst and decided to share some more mains after that, we stayed for hours. The Nuernberger sausages and saurkraut was amazing. Desserts were tasty too. Staff were very helpful and friendly. The food is a tad expensive, currywurst  5.90..we got ours for 3.50 as it was currywurst week, it is not a dish worth almost 6, mains come in at about 10.It is BYOB which keeps the price down. Will defo be going back
Ah, German food. Schnitzel and fried potatoes, roast beef and dumplings, sausage, noodles ...  If I closed my eyes, I was transported straight to Germany, to a cosy wood-panelled room with chintzy curtains, little ornaments and lace everywhere you look. 

When I opened them again, I was back in a very basic wee cafe - a couple of posters blue-tacked to the walls and as many tables and chairs stuffed in as possible. Frankfurter Eck lacks elegance - but it more than makes up for it in the food.

BYO with no corkage, too. Book a table, starve yourself for the day, and go and eat your fill!
Another tiny store-front restaurant (a concept that is almost becoming Edinburgh's signature), this place is great. At first you wonder how such a tiny space can serve up proper hearty German food. There's certainly no room for busty Bavarian waitresses to barrel through with an armful of brimming steins. That would be doubly difficult considering they don't serve booze. But you can BYOB at no charge, which also makes this a cheap and cheerful dinner choice when you're feeling a bit skint.

The menu is basic, but who needs the illusion of choice when you have a handful of classics, all done well. The food served here is spot on, according to my hazy holiday memories. Hearty portions of authentic German grub. On my first visit I had tasty Vienna schnitzel with yummy fried bratkartoffeln. I'm already looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.

The dcor is very, err, homely, if not to say basic. But the charm is in the simplicity, and the food, and the simplicity of the food. The waitress was very nice and the chef even came out to ask us how the food was. These friendly touches contributed to the homemade vibe. It's no-frills dining, cheap and cheerful, perfect for this time of year when the weather is heavy and your wallet is light.
As far as fast food goes, I love Chick-fil-a. The service at this location is good, had an issue with an order here and there but they are willing to fix it. I am not as sold on their breakfast menu as the day time options are much better.
My daughter loves it, but I cannot stand the food, the noise, or the horrible parking.
I've never  been to the CFA, but I was in Mesa at a conference, and my colleague loves CFA, so that's where we went.   I know the political incorrectness, but I actually love the food and the ambiance.  The place is clean, not noisy, not crowded; there are servers who bring the food to you, and refill the drinks. The service is a little slow, but not that bad.   The chicken sandwich was deliciously fried, with tomato and lettuce (I got the deluxe).  The waffle fries were not crispy, but not greasy (my only reason for the four not five stars).  All in all,everything was delicious, especially the peach milkshake, which was topped with whipped cream.  I would go again.
The food and service were excellent! I do get a little bugged out by the amount kids and noise. Great place, service and food otherwise if you can deal with lots of people, noise and crowded parking lot you'll be OK.
Ok...... so this place just opened today so it was maybe a little disorganised, maybe a little frantic when the lunch rush hit...... but I liked it! 

The best thing about this place- it is MEGA cheap! All the paninis, sandwiches and salads are under 3! Granted my tuna nicoise salad wasn't huge but it was all I needed! And 2.85 or so, for a smoked salmon salad...... pass me three!!! 

The coffee was tasty and strong. The service was nice and friendly, they didn't look at me like I was crazy when I asked if the tuna had Mayo in it, clearly sensing I didn't want, that the reply was- Yes, but we can make one up for you without it. Brilliant!!

 Only downside to sitting in to have my quick lunch today is that the table/seats are those awful diner-style things that i hate, they are not comfortable. But I guess this place is more for grabbing something to takeaway. Overall I enjoyed it and would go back for sure!
Oh dear, oh dear, where to begin....

Only out of laziness do I come here as often as I do. Situated no more than 200 yards from my work, if I'm going out for lunch it's an easy fix. And admittedly I do love their Pear, Rocket and Walnut salad... and that's about the only plus I can muster I#m afraid.

It's hard not to compare Let Me Eat to Thyme, which occupied the space in its previous incarnation. The former is managed by one of the latter's old staff, so I think that alone gives me licence. And with this in mind, I can't help but think they've looked at what Thyme did and tried to emulate it at half the cost. Unfortunately it shows.

Rolls and Paninis aren't filled quite so generously as they once were, salads are smaller, soups less extravagant. The whole set up smacks of a bunch of first-timers trying to make more money by spending less. 

On my last visit I had Chicken Noodle Soup, which was chicken stock (fair enough, I'm a fan of that) and about 4 noodles and... well, let's say I'm STILL looking for the chicken! Thyme used to offer thick broths and meaty beasts packed with flavour and ingredients (Red Thai Chicken, Meat Ball, Smokin' Chicken.... these are soups!); Let Me Eat offer think, stock-based half-efforts.

One morning I opted for toast, a bargain at 50p you would think. Only both the bread and butter had been frozen overnight, so the bread cooled very quickly, and the butter was simply a clumped into the centre of the bread and the lad sandwiched it all together in the hopes it would melt into the bread by the time I got to work. Alas, it did not. Woeful.

It's a shame, because the staff are very warm and friendly, and I'd like them to do well. But to succeed with this venture they're going to have to invest in better produce and deliver heartier portions. Otherwise they will inevitably follow the path of the superior Thyme. If they couldn't make it... these guys don't stand a chance.
Progress has certainly been made! Dropped in for a Pear, Bacon and Walnut Salad; hadn't had one in a while and suddenly had a craving.

As I stepped up to pay, I noticed something different... the soups board now displayed meat-based broths! Hurrah! So on top of my salad, I plummed for a Teriyaki Beef Soup.

Still a lack of actual meat I think, but the flavour was certainly not missing. Very tasty indeed. In raving about the soup I also learned from similarly-opinioned colleagues that the paninis and rolls had also had an overhaul, becoming packed badboys compared to the flimsy, sparse sandwiches of old.

As I said in my original review, these are nice guys and I hope they do well. I now think they've taken a step in the right direction. More power to them! I'll be back.
Whoa! What a turn up for the books!

Fair enough, since my last update nothing more has changed on the food front, but I think these guys deserve an extra star for sheer customer service.

After ordering my usual grilled pear salad and soup (today was Chicken Broth), I waited what seemed an age for the salad. When the salad finally arrived the honest lad handed me two....

The first was my pear salad as ordered. The second however was his first attempt at my order, on which he put the wrong dressing. Having recognised his mistake and corrected accordingly, he offered me the incorrect salad for free!

Fair enough the grilled pear salad wasn't meant to have Caesar dressing on it, and the original tasted better, but there really wasn't anything wrong with failed effort and I happily ate both (AND soup - fatty!) with a great big fat smile on my face.

Very honest service. Goes a long way with me.

Thanks guys.
Strength to strength, what more can I say.

Their rolls and wraps are absolutely packed. You can opt for their menu's best (personally recommend the Garlic Cheddar Chicken), or you can play jazz and request whatever filling you like within their means.

Their soups are diverse and plentiful. Personal faves include Teriyaki Beef, Mexican Chilli Chicken, Bombay Potato or their authentic Polish soup, Jarzinowa.

Their coffee has been lauded in the local papers, check out their front window if you doubt. I'm no coffee man but their equipment is high end and their menu again looks diverse and interesting (Vietnamese specials?).

But the latest addition to their menu deserves a star all its own. Tuesdays and Fridays see Michal {mee-hal} and Piotr break out the Weeping Tiger Wraps. Sometimes pulled pork, sometimes pulled beef. But each and every time it coem served up with onions, tomato and lettuce, packed generously, wrapped up tight and toasted til lightly browned. They are what Friday lunchtimes are AAAAALLLL about!

Go out of your way for one of these beasts. They are magnificent.

On top of all the wonderful offerings above, the owners and their staff are constantly friendly, even in rush hour. If you are lucky enough to become a regular, and you give them enough banter to remember you, it's most likely they will reward your chat or tips with a freebie once in a while. Absolutely great service and a proper gem in Edinburgh.

PS. They also have some of the best music to ever play out of a lunchtime deli.
Joe A had built this one up to be a good one. A wee place tucked in between Foodies and Tescos near Holyrood Park, it serves up packed wraps and salads at amazingly lower prices - and after only one salad, I know I'll be back.

It was the Weeping Tiger wrap that I came here for, but my evening meal plans scuppered that. I'm going out for a bucket of meat* later that night, so a wrap packed full of pulled pork did not sound sensible. I opted, instead, for the Roasted Veg Salad with Pesto. It was a nice wee box of fresh salad and quite a few bits of roasted aubergine, pepper and onion in a delicious pesto dressing.

The Weeping Tiger wrap is where it's at though. Joe A kindly let me have a bite, and good LORD. It was almost the same price as the salad (2.95 vs 3.50) but lawdy lawdy. That was some amazing, tender pulled pork and the sauce it came in - sweet, spicy. It's only on Tuesdays and Fridays, and apparently they fly out the door. I love it when a place that does simple things (sandwich, salad and lunch options) becomes famous for one thing - and I can see The Weeping Tiger wrap becoming Let Me Eat's signature dish.

I will come back on a night when I'm not eating a bucket of meat in order to have the Weeping Tiger wrap - and soon! 4 stars from what I tasted, the friendly staff, and how efficient and quick they were even on a sunny, Friday afternoon rush-hour.


*Shebeen, they do actually do buckets of meat.
Since starting work round here this has become my go to place for coffee and lunch!

As Joe.A says the main event is for the sure the Weeping Tiger Wraps on Wednesday and Friday but in general they just do awesome and generous food! I try to have their salads most days, lots of toppings and tasty dressings make even lettuce taste good!

Their Polish specials are always a treat, the perogi and the beetroot soup two of my favourites.

Cool staff and a particularly cute & witty girl that works the till at lunchtime make for a pleasant break when getting lunch. They also do a great very well priced coffee.

The music also randomly adds to the experience with some particularly good jazz played most days.

Maybe not as refined as their neighbour but more heart and more banter!
Although you may think different ... this place is NOT FAST FOOD. They are located in the center of the 6th largest city and they have exactly ONE cash register. And not only that, the staff move as if they are mentally challenged and have an IQ of 60.

The food is typical Church's but ya' might want to plan ahead and make sure you have plenty of extra free time ...
Wow, here came another coupon for lunch at Church's for $2!  I am SO there!!

Ok, so this was a Leg & Thigh Meal , with fries & a biscuit.  The service was friendly, everything was right in the bathroom, the food was great (including the fries), the dining room was clean & comfortable, & lunch was TWO DOLLARS!  That's all there is, folks!     :-))
Good food, BUT the problem is they never seem to get the order right, you are always waiting on something or they don't have something, and they only give you one dipping sauce per 3-piece strips meal. Last visit they didn't have any biscuits, another visit they needed to substitute a chicken leg for a chicken strip because they were short one, another visit they gave us 3-piece strips when we ordered 4-piece strips. We even ordered the 4-piece strips so that they would give us the extra dipping sauce, but they still screwed it up.

 I think this place is under bad management because the service used to be a lot better. We are planning to go to their other location at 35th Ave & Van Buren or just get chicken from McDonald's across the street until they improve. A ban for 6 months.
After I stayed loyal to my 6-month ban I have returned to this location 2x now and have been disappointed both times. Both times I got the chicken strips. Both times I was asked if I wanted dipping sauce. Both times I said yes to the dipping sauce. Both times I was handed my order with no dipping sauce. 

At this point I'm thinking this might be more than mere forgetfulness. Is it possible that the staff here are stealing the dipping sauces to take home? Sounds ridiculous for most of us. But this location is staffed primarily by immigrants (I know because of the accents) and perhaps to them some free dipping sauce to take home to their families is a cost-saving measure. If you think about it, every chicken strip order that gets rung up is allotted 1-2 dipping cups. If they don't hand out dipping sauce several times a day, this adds up to a lot of free ones they can take home, without any shortage in inventory. 

Anyway, the ban is back on. The location at 35th Avenue and Van Buren I've never had a problem with. So I will continue to take my business to that location.
I stopped here today to get a salad and a shake.  They have a setup for the drive through I've never seen before.  Because of the limited driveway space, the entrance splits into two drives, both of which have ordering areas.  This allows the cars to get into the drive through section quicker and not block traffic in the shopping center.

Service was fast and polite, and the wait for the food was minimal.  They have free wifi at this location and I saw a sign about two nights of jazz by a live singer in their McCaf on two nights in December.  I wish I could make one of the nights just to try it out.  Sounds like fun!

Since this is a new McDonald's that opened within the past few months and it's only about 2 miles from home, I'll be stopping at this location more often.  Way to go, McDonald's staff!
By far one of the fanciest McDonald's I have ever been in. They had two flat screen TVs, fancy booths and chairs, and an art piece made out of glass. 

I decided to stop by here for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the McBites...the McBites are not that great, they are way too breaded. I guess I'll just stick to my McNuggets next time. 

The staff was very friendly and the service was fast.
If you're looking for a classy restaurant to take a date; this is the place!  There is ample seating available and the hosts are pleasant.  They even assign numbers to the menu in case you can't pronounce the exotic food names.  I had this dish called a "Big Mac" - thank god for the numbering system because I couldn't pronounce that.  

My "Big Mac" was served in some sort of box - almost like a broke down Japanese Bento Box. There were two beef patties and a bunch of accoutrements.  It was amazing!  The beef patties had the texture of a bunch of crumpled newspapers - yummy!  The sauce?  Don't get me started on the sauce!  There are no adjectives to accurately describe the deliciousness.

The best thing about McDonalds?  The fact that I was hungry again three hours later!  It's like you can eat a mountain of food and your body just digests it instantaneously - almost like there's 0 nutritional value.  I would totally recommend this place to a friend!
I'm a HUGE fan of McDonald's period, (yea I know it's sad, lol) but I very much enjoy coming to this location because it's clean and modern. Love the decor. Came a few days ago to order a happy meal for my daughter and OMG! I loved the Wizard of Oz toys, sooo adorable. Anyways, all I ordered was the pumpkin pie which I was not to fond of, the apple pie is way better and the PSL. The PSL was way too sweet even with the nonfat milk but my biggest thing was that they couldn't even fill it to the top!!. Either way, I know I'll be back, may not be for their PSL but definitely for the food.  :-)
So I felt like being naughty and getting a cheese burger, however, once I looked at the menu I saw they had a wrap and thought to myself "humm a wrap sounds good." 
So that is exactly what I got. I remember years ago they had those snack wraps and that is what I was expecting size wise. 

They have 3 different kinds chicken bacon ranch, chicken ranch, and a sweet chili one. I opted for the ranch grilled chicken, it had lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, giant pieces of chicken, wrapped in a soft pillowy flour tortilla. 

FIRST let me say not was I wrong about the size. This thing was MASIVE. I also got the combo so medium fries and a drink. Of course I ate my fries first then dug into the wrap and it wasn't bad, I actually liked it. I could only eat about half of it though because of those stinking fries I was full. 

I went about a week later and tried the sweet chili one with grilled chicken and like it even more. This time I just got the wrap since there was no need for a combo, I knew it would fill me up. I also really liked the way they boxed up the wrap its in a cool container that  makes it easy to eat.
This is a McCafe location. One of the nicest Mc Donald's I've ever seen.

I visit this location frequently. I've never been disappointed.

The Ambiance is awesome! The decor is very modern and artistic. The dining room is always clean, and well stocked with utensils, napkins, ketchup, plastic lids and straws.

The service has always been good when I've visited. My wife had an issue once, and it was resolved.

It's in a great location with very easy entrance and exit access. It's near the 215 freeway.

It's the location I visit the most.
This store  is about 25% on getting my order right.  I called the phone number to complain, they gave ma a free meal and YES, they screwed it up too.  How do mess up when it is very important to get it right.  Every once and awhile I need a Big Mac but sometimes its not worth the trouble if they can't get it right.
This used to be so clean. Now it's dirty the bathrooms smell and the emergency alarm in the childs play area has been off three times when I've been there with my grand kids or going back. And yes most times they get the order wrong.  Too bad. It has such a nice play area. Haven't noticed the manager in the vest around as often as he used to and can sure tell the difference.
This place can't get an order right. They gave me another free meal for screwing thing up and then screwed that meal up again. Big Mac meal.... no pickle, no center bun. How hard is that?
For a McDonalds the crew is friendly, but of late their service seems to be pretty slow, even if the drive-thru isn't packed you'll be waiting. Maybe it is McD's new commitment to coffee house menus that is slowing down the workers?
This McDonalds is the best in the area and the only one that actually has friendly and fast service!
Check your orders if you go there. All kids and they yell threw the drive though window as your trying to pay!!! Would never be back Can not even get a coffee order right!!!
Do not go to this McDonald's, take the time and go down a mile to the one by Home Depot. Every time I have been here that have screwed up my order. Which still blows my mind how that can do that because it's all laid down step by step how to make some thing. 

The worst was when I ordered a filet-o-fish meal from their drive thru and got home. I opened it and all I had was the bun, cheese, and tarter sauce  it had not fish what is ever in it. Like how do you for get that. It's the main part. 

Been here three times and each time there was always one thing wrong with my order and some times I don't have the time to go back so they can fix it.  So I just go to the  McDonald's down the road even if this one is closer to where I'm at. 

Oh the staff there is very rude and ghetto.  If you go inside and watch how they treat customers with issues it's kind of funny in a sad way.
I only Mcd's for their breakfast sammichs, apple pie or sundaes. Other than that, this place is nassssstay!

Don't forget to ask for military discount!
Service is good, but boy is it cold inside. They need to turn the temperature up a bit!
If you don't want to read through my drama, just beware to DOUBLE CHECK your order if you come here.  The food is fine - like any other MacDonald's - but they have a tendency of getting orders wrong ... for me anyway and no, I do not ask for any kind of unreasonable custom order.

I am putting my grievance here because the managers there just don't seem to care.  On several occasions this particular Micky D's has gotten my order wrong.  A nuisance at first but I was willing to let it go one time ... two times ... three times. 

About a month ago, I'd already lost track how many times they have gotten our order wrong.  I didn't have a receipt but I did call the manager because I wanted to let them know they should work on training employees about reviewing orders.  It has happened one too many times for me not to speak up.  She was apologetic and even tried to rectify the situation, "Come by next time and I'll still let you get your order for free.  Tell them Corrinda said it was ok."  I was like, "Whoa, that was awfully generous" and thanked her.

A couple of weeks later, I had to take my daughter to the ER for a scorpion bite.  This Micky D's is barely a block away so I sent the husband to get our dinner.  "They forgot my McNuggets."  Well, this stressed out mamma with a screaming baby in the ER with the worst pain that anyone could possibly imagine was not going to take this sitting down.

I drove back to the Micky D's with our order and receipt and asked to see the manager.  I told her about our most recent experience in addition to the missing McNuggets.  She was apologetic, saying her minimal, obligatory apology and sent me on my way.  She said something about just starting but that got me even more pissed off that she was defending getting orders wrong.  There's no excuse.  Don't even get me started on the fact that she hardly spoke English, which I believe may have contributed to her reticent behavior.  Come on now, at the managerial level, communication with customers is pretty vital I would think.

I left flabbergasted that my money wasn't refunded - not even that it wasn't refunded but it wasn't even offered -  but I knew I had to take a breather because my daughter needed a mamma who was calm and collected.  No point in getting steaming mad.  "You got your nuggets so just let it go!" I told myself.  

The next day I decided to get our "free breakfast" because it was a hellish night before to get up early and make breakfast for everyone.  When I dropped Corrinda's name to the cashier and how she was going to comp my next order, she asked for a receipt, I said I didn't have one, and she was going to ask the manager what to do.  A minute later she came back and told me they couldn't give me the breakfast for free if there was no receipt.  I told her get the manager out here so I can explain.  She goes to the back again and comes back out a couple minutes later and says that the manager approved.  Again, I wonder if this is a training issue because i would have expected for this  manager to come out and talk to me.

The restaurant itself is nice and there is a playground.  The food is fine - tastes like MacDonald's.  I will be coming here as little as possible for the sole fact that my orders have been incorrect on so many occasions that I've lost count.  The manager's don't seem to have a good handle on training their employees and the managers themselves don't seem to know how to handle customer issues.
I hate this place. Every single time I go here they either get my order wrong or forget something. The staff is full of teens that have no care in the world. 
If you must come here make sure you triple check your order.
You're not gonna believe this!!! I went to this McDonald's today for lunch, and asked for water to accompany my meal. I like to eat healthy and never drink soda, preferring water to any other beverage. The cashier asked me if I wanted a bottle, and (why would I pay for water?) I said no, just a cup is fine. Then she handed me a little cheap paper cup with a pointed bottom, like a snow cone cup! My husband said "they must be out of cups," but I could clearly see a stack of regular cups and I pointed to them and said, "No they're not, there the cups are right there!" The cashier was still holding out the little (four ounce capacity?) paper pointy witch hat cup to me and I gritted out, "So how am I supposed to eat my meal while I'm holding that thing??" and I turned away and stalked to a table and sat down.

If this is a new McDonald's policy, then goodbye forever, McDonald's. If this is a misbegotten policy by the owner of this establishment, then shame on you and I wonder what will become of the building when you lose so many customers you go out of business. Oh, and by the way, I own a hugely popular food blog, plus a discussion board, with lots and lots of loyal readers. I'm really going to enjoy writing tonight.
They always have a lot of employees but nothing every seems to speed up. The lines, wait, and food take forever. Like everything though since the other one is inside a very busy Wal-Mart your better off waiting in line here.
All I have to say is Wow! I have no idea what happened here, if the owners realized the vast potential that this location had to make money or what. But this place is a lot better than I can remember.  

For about 3-4 days I stopped by this McDonald's on my way to work, to either grab some coffee or a says mcmuffin. It took me sometimes less than 4 minutes to order my food,  pay, and leave the drive thru.  Before, I remember even going inside of the restaurant was always empty and slow as well as the drive thru. Which was the reason why I had stopped going and decided to buy coffee at the gas station.  

The people are always super friendly. Someone I can say I am not at 7 a.m. in the morning. Glad they changed whatever they changed.
I stopped here when I was out on a scooter ride to get lunch. I placed the order, two McChicken sandwiches from the dollar menu and a large coke from the same menu. When the girl totaled it up and told me it had been $5.47  I said whoa, something wrong here and tried to  explain the cost couldn't be right she looked at me like I had just explained Einsteins theory of relativeaty to her. Another worked pointed out she had punched the wrong buttons on the computer and would need a supervisor to cancel. Here come the shift supervisor, once more I explained what I wanted and what happened, she did the magic and now had to refund the difference of $5.47 to $3.28 to me. She handed me $1..50 so I asked what is this and her reply the difference between the order total and what we charged your debit card. Now I am getting frustrated so I asked her if she had recently taken any math refresher courses because she needed to. Out comes the I-phone and she uses the calculator on it to figure the refund, good job, carry your brains in your hand, you will get really far in this world with that keen talent. Not once was anyone apologetic about the mixup or the delay, I really have solidified my mind on thinking these people should picket and demand $15.00 per hour for minimum wage jobs. I decided that I will demand a little bit better service by using my pocketbook to vote against McDonalds shitty service and attitude from this store.
I have only ever gone through drive through, the line has always gone extremely fast, the staff has been exceedingly nice. I have only stopped for the occasional coffee or maybe a thing of nuggets for the kids. The 2 lanes for drive through does make it seem to go faster.
Here's the deal.  I rarely eat fast food, but this mcdonalds has a 24 hour drive thru if we want something late.  The quality of all Mcd's is terrible, but as many other reviews of this locations state, you must double check your order because they get it wrong quite a bit.  In the handful of times we have gone to this location I think once it was correct.  Have said that last night it was 10:12 when we hit the drive thru.  It was 10:44 by the time we go our food.  After waiting in the drive thru forever to pay we finally hit the window and were asked to pull around waiting on 1/4 lb meat.  Fine.  Remarkably we were the only car pulled around and no cars behind us had to pull around and wait.  I can feasibly see maybe no one else order a 1/4 lber.....however from start to finish it took 32 mins for our food.  It all seemed fresh by the time we got home, at least fresh by McDonalds standards.  The young girl that brought us out our food, simply handed me the bag, said "there you go", and turned to walk away.  Nothing about apologizing for the wait or anything like that.  The customer service lacks at this location.  And these workers want $15/hr?  LoL how can anyone support that.
I normally wouldn't write up a chain restaurant, but I have to say my dining experience was very much enhanced by the recent renovation.  They went from a classic drive-in setup where you place your order at the window and dine in your car or in their outdoor seating to a true "McCafe" complete with faux blue chandelier, ultra-modern bathroom doors and interior decor, and bright high definition animated menus which would make Marty McFly (see what I did there?) wonder if he set the wrong year on his Delorean going from his mother Lorraine's time in 1956 to 2016.  There's a service monitor that displays the order number brightly and service was prompt and courteous.  I ordered Le McRib with a side of pomme frites and sweet tea (or as I may one day learn to call it, liquid diabetes) and in a simultaneously comforting and disturbing way, all items tasted identical to how I always remembered them.  Drive-through is very accessible off of Flamingo but if you need to get back heading toward the strip, U-turn is now mandatory off of Eastern.
The remodel was long overdue, and it's super fancy. The pictures speak a thousand words. Also service has been great here!
I'm not sure if it was just a bad day or if it's always been like this, but the service needed some work. Only one register open Witham long line of customers. Orders took really long and many were wrong. One customer returned get order 3 times until they got it right. Those with small orders had to wait am excess amount of time. Seemed as though drive-thru customers were top priority, while customers inside were unimportant.
It's about time they re-did this place. I mean, how many McDonald's that are out there that are just straight up drive thrus that are wildly popular and successful? None if any. 

So why this review for a chain? Well, since it's new I wanted to check it out and get my McRib grub on since it only comes around every so often. You would think the service would be nice just like the building but here's where the needle on the record scratches off the vinyl.

First thing, I get in line behind one person that is waiting to order their food. A couple minutes go by and finally after the just the one counter person calls out somebody's order, he takes the person's order that is in front of me. So after that order, he leaves to go get it ready while I'm standing there waiting to get my order in. Btw, this was lunchtime around 11:30 so there is a line already forming. You would think that there would be at least 2 to 3 people at the counter for the lunch rush but no. This one guy was doing the same thing over and over again.

So I finish meal and throw away my mess. I go to the bathroom to wash my hands. I come back out to get a refill on my coke. This employee refilling the soda lids asks me if I have my receipt so I can get my refill. I reply saying that I just got done eating and just came from the bathroom. The receipt is in the garbage. He says I can't get a refill. EXCUSE ME? DID YOU NOT JUST SEE ME SITTING AT THE VERY TABLE YOU JUST CLEANED? So I got my refill after the guy says he was gonna report me to his manager. I said go ahead so I can complain about the bad customer service. He just stood there and continued to refill the lids for the soda. I should of said, "Do you know who I am? I am Roger T and I'm a Yelp Elite damnit! You better recognize!" Lol.

Anyways, just because it's a new building does not equal to great or better service. Next time, just give me my damn McRib and I'm out!
This place has recently been rebuilt which is nice, but the men's bathroom is something else, super dirty! Trash cans in the restaurant are are always overflowing and there's always Hobo's hanging out in there, staff is slower than usual, order accuracy levels are in the toilet!
Fast service. Free medium drink if you check in on FourSquare. Also good deals on their texting thingie. The manager was really nice and helpful. I'm glad they stopped using those horrible paper cups that made my blasts and shakes melt before I even drove off the lot! :)
Can't beat the happy hour on drinks....
I would give this place negative stars if possible. It almost makes me think that the previous comments are false. I hate to say I've been to this location more than once. It's literally right around the corner from me and yes the happy hour is what makes me want to go back but the service is the worst I've ever seen. Almost as worst as McDonald's on 99n lower buckeye. I will drive to Van Buren to get my drink instead of going 60 yards to this location. I can't be the only person that thinks this.
HUGE menu, but I stuck with the classic buttermilk pancakes - chocolate chip buttermilk pancakes.  Service was very fast and super friendly.  Easy freeway access.
Waitstaff was super friendly.  Food was great "diner" style, no surprises.  Pancakes were just great, coffee was hot and plentiful.  Food arrived fast - and my waitress even offered to HEAT UP MY SYRUP!!!  Place was extremely clean - I really liked this place. 

I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes and they were fantastic.  Waitress was very tentative to our needs.  I'll be back, for sure.
Great service from our server Bryanna. She was super sweet and attentive. I'm from San Diego and seriously haven't had someone so great serve us at an Ihop.
Today is National Pancake Day 02-05-2013 all you can eat
The food was so-so but the service was very good.
Friendly service. Good pancakes. Good tasting water. Nothing else to say at this time. (Wait. Who puts cheese sauce on their omelettes? Yuk!)
They have never done breakfast wrong
slow drive thru!
I'm not much of a burger person so the place has to be REALLY good for me to give it anything more than 3 stars.  

I will say though, their Oreo shake is delicious and I highly recommend it.

Their burgers (I had the Original) is a step above McDonald's but comparable to a Wendy's or maybe even a Red Robin.  I still prefer a 5 Guys or In N Oubt.

This particular location, I thought the service was 2 stars, maybe 2.5.  Our dinner cost $21.34 but the debit card receipt said $21.44.  I know it's only 10 cents but it's the principle of the matter.  I have never been charged incorrectly.  I'm probably going to let it go b'c it's not worth the gas money but seriously, not cool.  Other than getting charged +10cents incorrectly, the cashier lady wasn't very friendly.  I put on a smile, I said thank you and how r u and got minimal response back.  Comeon now, I know you probably don't like your job but at least make it so I enjoy coming here.

After I"m writing this, maybe it does deserve 2 stars .... but it was a decent burger and yummy Oreo Shake.  Just double check your receipt.
Good burgers, fries, and shakes!
The employees here regularly ignore the drive through, especially late at night to very early morning.  This particular day it was actually around 11:30am.  We sat for 15min or so at the intercom, dead silence.  Then decided to pull up to the window directly thinking maybe the intercom was broken or something.  Sat at the window for a few minutes, still nobody came.  Knocked on the window, as an employee walked by.  They waved and kept walking, so we went elsewhere for lunch.  I called the store maybe 10min after and needless to say, I got the same treatment, only this time with chuckling in the background.  I hung up...  Generally I don't have high expectations from fast food places these days, but this was ridiculous.  This is certainly not indicative of all their stores, but this one needs some help in general customer service.
I really love the food !!!! Specially the six dollars menu burgers even the new items are pretty good one of the best place to get a burger
Very quick service.  Perfect pit stop on the way to California.  It is also the last piece of civilization before Blythe. Safe quick food. You know what you are going to get at Carls!
Sonic!!! Happy hours for drinks - Slushies to go off any diet for - tator tots like those we all grew up eating in school - chili cheese dogs - breakfast all day - loss meals with lots of options - ice cream - drinks with so many combinations much like going to the Jelly Belly factory in Northern California and eating 4 different beans to make an awesome drink!! 

Only negative - broken cars reader machines. Don't use them if they are broken. The location in Surprise off of Reems and Bell had a big issues with their broken card readers a few years ago. A lot of banking accounts were phished and $$ galore was missing. Of its cracked, it's hacked. Have them run it, get a receipt and check your banking often for theft activity.
I have to say that when I am craving chili cheese fries and tater tots this is the place I hit up.  I am a sucker to all the topping on the hot dogs so I still have not tried all the different ones,  I also like the chili cheese fries here.  
The tator tots are usually on the salty side, but just right for me....I could almost stuff some in my shorts for later, like Neapolitan Dynamite.  
My daughter loves the slushies and she is more of a food critic than me.  I guess I like the drive in look, wish they would encourage car meetups for old cars, that would be cool and fit the theme?  
Its good fast food that is not the "norm" hamburger and fries.  Try something different, try Sonics.
I really don't know how my son and I ended up at this location? There is one closer to where I live!! Anyway, son was down visiting from the dreaded S.F.!!! Now when we both lived in SoCal, we use to visit a Sonics in Anaheim after hockey practice. So we have always enjoyed Sonic's. We both ordered breakfast, I had their breakfast burrito with bacon. I thought it was good, not to much salt which is good to me! Son had the texas toast breakfast sandwich! Even though we both like the bread, it is a little to large trying to wrap your mouth around it! They were very nice, and got our food out very quickly.
I go to Sonic so I can get my fix of tots, jalapeo poppers, and a nice sandwich of chicken. The drinks are nice too. So I pop in to this location and without explanation or apology, the young lady inside says they are not serving fried food tonight ... Anything fried ... No tots, no poppers, no chicken tenders, nothing ... I wasn't in the mood for just a burger, so I thought, hey ... those pretzel dogs look yummy, nope ... spurned again ... they hadn't thawed out any buns. No I'm sorry, no "our fryer broke down". 

Sorely disappointing.
Went there last night.  Girl who took my order was barely whispering back to me that I couldn't understand her.  Went there today and after I ordered my food I wanted to quickly add something else but the girl would not respond, pretending she couldn't hear me.  I was so pissed off at this I drove off without paying.  I like sonic but the customer service here is incompetent
Easy order but really? We ordered a large chilli cheese fry and when we got home and opened it, it was half empty and no fork given to eat with. Not exactly top notch
I have always been a fan of the Colonial. $5.72 for two pieces of chicken, a side of mashed potatoes and gravy, a biscuit, and medium Pepsi beverage keeps me a fan.
Stopped in after back to back basketball games to feed 9 hungry mouths. Maria Defante was awesome! So helpful and friendly. We will be back. Thank you MARIA!
This could be a five star location if they hired more staff!!! You can wait longer in line to be waited on than it takes to prepare the food.
I grew up on KFC fried chicken. My family would have it at least once every couple of weeks. Over the years, my palette has gone from KFC to Popeyes, and now to local joints doing their own version of fried chicken. But one thing has always "perked" up my long forgotten feelings for the Colonel. That thing would be... the Double Down.

I first saw the Double Down on TV a couple of years ago. After the initial backlash from the media and other groups, I thought that it would follow in the footsteps of the Arch Deluxe. To my surprise, I recently saw a commercial saying that they have brought back the Double Down. This time, I would not let opportunity to slip through my fingers.

This location is actually pretty nice. It's clean and well taken care of. Even though the hours say it closes at 10pm, the drive thru is open to 11. I came here at around 10:30 and the manager who took my order was very kind and helpful. What is great to know is that since it gets slower at night, they usually cook the food when the order comes in, so that they won't waste throwing away a lot of food at the end of the night. That also means that you will have fresh chicken straight out of the fryer, and not ones that have been sitting under a heat lamp for the past hour.

Double Down - Two pieces of breaded chicken that are fried until crispy. These are essentially the "buns". In the middle of these buns are bacon, melted cheese, and the KFC secret sauce that taste very similar to ranch. I gotta say, this is probably my favorite sandwich of all time. I wish every sandwich could be like this. Fried chicken, bacon, cheese, and sauce in sandwich form. It's brilliant. I probably want to give the person who invented this a Hi-5. No, I should say, 2 Hi-fives!!! Maybe 3 but I don't want to be too greedy. Even though it's ok because I like the sandwich so much.

Couldn't give the place 5 stars because I don't believe in factory farmed chicken. I'm sure the sandwich I ate was loaded with hormones and antibiotics. But, a great sandwich nonetheless. KFC, you slay me.
Typical McDonalds. Nothing special either good or bad.
Not too bad. The fries are "ok". You may get cold ones or you may get hot ones. Everything else is usually pretty cool.
went to this mcdonalds today to get my 4 y/o daughter pancakes..advised at the speaker computer down..pull up to second window after an 18 1/2 minute wait got the food..asked to speak to manager if any discount for this wait she listened to my request and walked away did  not say anything else after saying sorry computers are down..i'm a 55 y/o  who does not care if computers are down not ..not my concern maybe they should have someone out side taking written orders to help speed up their process..like in and out burger.. this store is one of the worst not caring for the customers...always have to call the corp customer service line to complain..and yes i know stop going there..but only store that makes pancakes any more...too bad wendys stopped or i would not have this problem or issue
Very disappointing visit to the Gantzel Road McDonalds.  We went on a Wednesday night.  There was a small line at the drive through but the line did not move at all for several minutes.  Then we waited for over 5 minutes before the order taker would take our order. We finally received our food and headed for home.  When we arrived home, we found that they had neglected to give us a 20 piece McNuggets that we had ordered and paid for. I was upset because somebody did not receive their dinner. I called the McDonalds and complained that we were missing part of our order.  The manager, Michelle, told us to write her name on the receipt and bring it back later and our order would be replaced. After hanging up, I proceeded to eat my food.  One item I had ordered was a Deluxe Double Cheeseburger.  I bit into it and my mouth was soon on fire.  The server had mistakenly put HOT Jalapeno Ranch sauce on my burger.  I could not eat it and threw the rest away.  

The next day I sent my son to the McDonalds to retrieve the missing 20 piece McNuggets.  We ordered additional food so that everyone at home would have something to eat. Guess what?  When my son got home, again there was missing food.  We had ordered 2 additional 20 piece McNuggets and one of the now three orders was missing.  Also missing was a large French Fry.  This was an incredible amount of incompetence that occurred during two trips to the restaurant.  My advice is to be very careful using the drive-through.window.  Count your items and make sure you have everything you ordered before leaving for home.
If I could give this no stars I would. I went through the drive thru, ordered a Big Mac combo meal. I opened it and it was soggy. It had definitely been sitting around. My fries were literally half filled. And the big mac had no sauce. I walked in and politely asked them to add sauce. The manager (or whoever it was) told the cashier to inform me that there would be extra charge. First of all, I ordered it WITH sauce. I informed the cashier (since the manager refused to talk to me) that I wasn't  about to pay extra for something done right that I ordered. Nobody was in there when I walked in. So it shouldn't be a problem right? I told them that I work at a mcdonalds, and this isn't how customers should be treated, especially because I was so calm about it. The cashier finally comes back and says, "they put a lot of sauce" and threw the box at me practically. I didn't take a picture but no exaggeration but it was literally COVERED in sauce. I had to use 8 napkins to wipe the sauce off and even then I couldn't even wipe off the excess. So annoying. I called in and asked politely to talk to the manager just to let them know, and they hung up on me. This experience was ridiculous.
I rarely eat McDonald's but my toddler loves their chicken nuggets and this location is one of the only fast food restaurants near my house. I have always had such a pleasant experience here- one time I asked for a cup of water and the guy at the drive through winked and gave me a bottled dasani on the house. Today I went through the busy drive through for a kids meal and was told at the second window that my food wasn't ready and to pull up to the parking lot "drive through number 1" spot. After about 5 minutes they brought out a fresh kids meal and had added in a warm apple pie just for my wait. The drive thru servers are always so polite and although the food leaves much to be desired (it's McDonald's for heavens sake), I appreciate the service when I do visit. The training manager deserves a pat on the back for expecting these minimum wage kids to work so hard!
Absolutely the worst service ever!!!  I waited 18 minutes at the drive thru on sunday afternoon/evening.  I was looking around for the camera because I thought someone was playing a joke.   I took a photo of the receipt as well.  Just a happy meal for my son and after the ridicules wait they tried to give me a dr pepper instead of chocolate milk...  wish I could give 0 stars.
There drive through staff is terrible. Never get orders right and they repeat the wrong orders about 10 times.  I have never gone here and got an order right.
This McDs is the only fast food restaurant (besides Filibertos) open late in this part San Tan Valley, and you think that they would want to have as much business as possible... Then why do they only accept cash most of the time if you go there between 1-4 am? I don't carry cash and especially not that early. I then have to drive all the way in to Queen Creek to get Jack in the Box. That's insane to only take cash (it's not just a one night thing either.) I'm sick of this McDs. Of all the bad service I've had, this one is the worst.
Wow!!  EVERY time we go here, usually for a late night, drive thru run, as we are busy and work tons, our order gets messed up, missing food, or cold  EVERY time!!  No kidding!!  Plus, the fries are usually cold, stale, rarely full, the buns are hard, I mean thump when you flick them (yeah, we had to do this, out of shock!)  One time, we even received a cheeseburger with NO PATTY!!  Of course we didn't know this until we got home!  It's enough that my family KNOWS they MUST check the order EVERY time before they get out of line!!!! They are slow, not polite, and just don't care!  OH, and the other night, Sunday night, on a late night run again, we put in our order thru the drive thru, and then were told they only could accept cash at that time!  Huh, we had to leave.  GRRRR!!
Fast service, okay food. I've tried this location multiple times, but food quality ranges from bad to okay. My beloved tatter tots are never cooked to perfection, they just can't seem to find a happy medium here- they're either under or overcooked. On the plus side, their ice cream sundae is yummy, but melts fast on the way home unless you eat it and drive!
Not very nice. Demanded  I turn off my car. Never had that happen before. Very hot day.
I've literally been here 3 times in a row and been to about 4-5 of their drive-in spots didn't work. Pressed the red button 3 times in each space and nobody answered. I understand if they don't work but if they don't put an out of order sticker on them. This place sucks. A lot. But hey, it's sonic. Not setting the bar too high.
Over the past year out of approximately 50 visits to this location they got my order right and I got everything I ordered 2x. I have given up on this Sonic, the quality of the food is the worst of any sonic ever. Borderline disgusting. I don't know what the owner of this franchise is doing, but I guarantee he isn't eating there. The place is in dis-repair, don't even try the drive in spots, they are all usually broken.
They must only hire inept people here that don't have any common sense. Ordered a popcorn chicken combo & ended up giving me snack sized. Ordered one of those hot dogs that they advertise on the menu and got a chili cheese dog. Only good thing is I got a large diet coke without ordering one. Not sure what the issue is, but I most definitely will NOT be coming back here. Absolutely ridiculous!
Ok, I am guilty of eating at some nasty fast food restaurants, but this one was amazing!! 

I was craving a huge, juicy, greasy, burger and some fries and I will say the burger was in fact HUGE and JUICY, but not greasy at all!  I ordered I think a number 6 and could not finish it.  I will definitely come back here again.  The staff I encountered were friendly and the price was reasonable.  

Good Job Carls Jr!!!
OMG I love that Super Bacon Cheeseburger.  I will be sorely dissapointed if this discontinues because it's a movie promotion burger or whatever.  I have eaten at various Carls Jr's several times in the last few weeks just to keep ordering this burger.  Might be the best fast food burger out there IMO.
I checked on yelp if Carls Jr was open Thanksgiving & it said yes. Came to the drive thru and some one told me to look over the menu and let them know when I was ready to order. I waited... And waited. They never came back. Lights were on inside but 10 min later no one came back. Drove up to the actual window, no one there. RUDE!!!! Don't say you will be open if you don't have workers that are going to actually work.
In a span of 10 minutes I watched 4 workers go outside to smoke a cigarette. I stood inline for 5 minutes while workers chatted in the back doing whatever it is they do when they aren't working. Thankfully a car went through the drive thru so they had to actually work and saw me, otherwise I would have starved to death. Actually I would have just left. Terrible service, feel bad the owner pays these people.
Don't bother.. went there last night for dinner and they were out of boneless anything and said it would 20 min, out of just original recipe with the same 20 min wait..when we settle to the crispy with bones we pulled up to the window and discovered two other cars in front of us appearing to be waiting the 20 min for their food. We also could see all of the cooks standing out back smoking while everyone was waiting. The window clerk didnt even come to the window for a good 10 min to even simple say hello and be courteous. When she did come to the window, I said" we're actually going to leave now... the wait time and things you are out of is rediculous" she said ok and shut the window..no i apologize or sorries at this place...we drove to the KFC up on Gilbert & chandler blvd..much Better service! they had food and a smile to go with it. Dont know what happened to this KFC.. wont ever go back.
Copy/paste the other reviews.  It is now several months since the last comments and we experienced the exact same. They only had wings, nothing else and it would be a 20min. wait for any other style. One OFFer was apologetic, the drive thru attendant was not and had nothing to say about the chicken restaurant not having chicken, despite their advertised special.
This is our second time at this location and the food has been bad both times. The service was nice. But the chicken sandwiches were SUPER dry. It's kind of amazing how a chicken place always has dry chicken. Time for a new location.
Go to another location if possible.  I have actually been going to this location for several years and they frequently do not have what you order.  You will have to wait up to 30 minutes sometimes.  Our most recent visit we ordered the special of 10 Hot Wings and some other items.  They said the wait would be about 15 minutes for the wings.  Takes like 4 minutes to cook in a deep fryer.  We agreed to wait.  About 15 minutes later the drive through attendant came out empty handed.  He told us while waiting on the wings some of the other food we ordered was sold to someone else.  He compensated us with a few extra wings.  When we arrived home we realized they shorted us a Chicken Tender.  We will go ahead and drive the extra 2 miles to try another KFC.  Some of the staff is friendly and some would rather see you walk away I believe.  Ignoring you when you come in.  When you do get food it is usually very good.
If you are going west on I-8, this Carl's Jr is tucked behind the McDonald's and a Love's Travel stop.  It's also the first restaurant on the left if you are headed east.  So, it's very easy to miss if you blink your eye while passing through this 'lil 'ole town.

I'm not quite sure why the steel decor in the restroom (sink and urinal) look like they belong at a rest-stop or prison cell (The Gila Bend McDonalds definitely has a better looking restroom), but if you need to drop a bomb, chances are that you will have more privacy here.  The customer service was also a little off- large parties are allowed to stand near the register and stare at the menu while those in the line who are ready to order are left waiting.

Other than all that, it's your typical Carl's Junior.  Bon apptit!
This is the newest, cleanest, and least crowded of all the fast food/pit stop places in Gila Bend. It's the first thing you pass if you come from the Yuma direction and the last thing you pass if you come from Phoenix. The McDonald's has always been the old standby but now there's a less crowded alternative. It is actually at the western end of the big parking lot that has McDonald's and a whole lot of huge truck parking spaces. Service was decent and food was alright. Bathroom was clean. I usually just blow through Gila Bend but if I need to stop here, this is the place.
Sweet potato fries and orange cream shakes, those are my wife and son's kryptonite :-)
My wife and I were on our way back to San Diego after spending a few days in Tucson.Sometimes you just have to eat....somewhere.I had never eaten Carl's Jr food before but my wife told me they were better than McDonalds and there wasn't much choice in this desolate neck of the woods.Apart from my thick shake I thought my double beef burger and zucchini fries tasted like crap.Their burgers sure look a lot bigger and fatter on TV.Hopefully we won't be back.
Some of the best drive through iced tea around :)
Double drive thru. Good service.
For a McyD's I'm a fan but just for the ambiance. This is a bloody nice McDonald's - Wood-like accents, fireplace, lovely tables. We stopped on our way out to the lake for a quick breakfast. The food was...well...McDonald's but it was a lovely place to buy this food. 

I had the yogurt & fruit and shocked how small it was! But when I ate it I couldn't finish it so it was fine. The boys had egg mcmuffin, sausage biscuit, & the mcgriddle thingy (he didn' t care for it). 

But if I have to eat at McDonald's this is the one I would frequent.
This McDonalds never disappoints.
The food is usually fine. However, we use the drive through at least once a week and I would say that 1/3 to 1/2 the time something is wrong or missing from the order. Make sure to check your bags before driving away.
This McDonald has useless workers who don't listen when taking an order.  It's not that had to push a button that says no onions on a cheeseburger. If I hadn't looked my son would had eaten onions that he is not able to eat. Great job McDonalds for trying to kill my son. Get real employees that listen when taking an order, then just there for a pathetic check.
The people that run the drive thru are a joke. Apparently it is really difficult to understand that someone wants a large coffee and not a small. They also do not make any attempt to make it right for any of the times I've been there and they have messed up my order.  I filled out a survey online -let's see if anybody from the store actually follows up as I have requested them to!
This is the cleanest McDonald's I have ever been to. Plus they have a huge toddler play area with flat screen tv. It was so nice to sit here and enjoy my coffee and newspaper while the kids played. The play area is just like the mall, but without the filth and crowds. There is a hand sanitizing station and a sign that says to use before and after play. The play structures aren't those disgusting tube slides and ball pits that are impossible to clean. These can actually be cleaned! (See pics). I hope this stays my little secret. Free wi-Fi too! Friendly employees. Food is of the same quality you'd find at your typical McDonald's. I just thought the decor, atmosphere, cleaniness and play area were good enough to Yelp about.
What is the deal with the double drive-thru?  This McDonald's is always busy, so I guess the two lanes help break up traffic for like a second, but here's what ends up happening..  There are two lanes to place orders, but then they merge to one lane for the pay window and pick up window.  So you choose a lane, place your order, and then as you inch up toward the pay window, the guy in the other order lane speeds up to try to get in front of you to get his food first... well guess what, buddy, I ordered first, so my food is going to be ready first!  It's so annoying!
They are always friendly at this McDonald's.  My husband loves the Chocolate Chip Frappe and one time they made this incorrectly, but we were already several miles away.  I called them back and said the Frappe didn't taste correct.  We went back and they made another one for us free of charge and we got to keep the one that didn't taste quite as sweet.

This McDonald's is very inviting, clean, with a large children's play area, TV sets.  Sometimes service inside is a bit slow, but if we go inside, we are not in a hurry.  They usually get our order correct at the drive-thru.

I just wished they had the Hot n'Spicy McChicken still on the dollar menu, as my husband likes that.
When u gotta clog the arteries I'm sure you know where to go. Service here is fast and the employees are always smiling
worst service ever!!!! :(
I work really close to this McDonald's so I stop in often before work for a drink or snack and it's probably the most consistent place I've been to in regards to service. I've always been in and out of the drive thru in less than a couple if minutes and my order has never been wrong even when I'm picky about how much ice is in my drink. Love this McDonald's!
Saturday 0730 and I'm waiting in the drive thru for more than 15minutes. Only one person taking orders on two lanes.  Received my order exactly as ordered and gentleman that delivered my order was friendly.
Horrible service here, Sat in the 2nd drive through while 5 cars placed their order in drive through number one. Someone behind me got our and walked the window to complain.  Got my child's happy meal with no chicken nuggets, just fries and Apple's.  Forgot to give me straws and had to remind them 2 times for the milk.  When I went back to complain and just return my food and get my refund one manager pushed me of to another and then he argued with me that I did have the chicken. Don't like McDonald's anyway and hardly ever go there, this just sealed the deal for me.  Good luck with the rebranding of Ronald, with service like this it won't matter.
They have great chicken tenders that always taste freshly made. BUT if you go thru the Drive-Thru, always check your order before you leave. The last three times I ordered the 5 piece chicken tenders, my order only had 3. So either somebody doesn't know how to count in there, or it's done deliberately. Whatever the reason, it's absolutely annoying and inconvenient to have to park and walk in just to get the two missing pieces.
Quick lunch and your coupons are expired, don't worry this Carl's has your back.   Many options and salads too.
It was clean! It's Carls Jr for sake. What do ya want?
I gotta say of all the fast food in cave creek, Carl's jr has been by far the best. Only issue I have is that I ordered 1 double western bacon cheeseburger for $ 4.50 and just a western bacon cheeseburger (only has one patty) for 3.99. Then I ordered 2 medium French fries for 2.50 each. How is it that 2 medium fries are 5.00 and the double western burger is only 4.50. Then, there's only .50 cents more for another patty??
Either way, French fries are wayyyyyy to expensive! 2.50 seriously?? Total was 15.00 for fries and hamburgers. No, sodas. Ridiculous. 
Hamburgers were great however as always but then we totally also got shorted on the French fries. Like we were there at 7 and they didn't wanna make more so they evenly distributed whatever they had left so I paid 5.00 bucks for basically 1 fry.  Wanna come back but feel ripped off.
I gotta say of all the fast food in cave creek, Carl's jr has been by far the best. Only issue I have is that I ordered 1 double western bacon cheeseburger for $ 4.50 and just a western bacon cheeseburger (only has one patty) for 3.99. Then I ordered 2 medium French fries for 2.50 each. How is it that 2 medium fries are 5.00 and the double western burger is only 4.50. Then, there's only .50 cents more for another patty??
Either way, French fries are wayyyyyy to expensive! 2.50 seriously?? Total was 15.00 for fries and hamburgers. No, sodas. Ridiculous. 
Hamburgers were great however as always but then we totally also got shorted on the French fries. Like we were there at 7 and they didn't wanna make more so they evenly distributed whatever they had left so I paid 5.00 bucks for basically 1 fry.  Wanna come back but feel ripped off.
OMG! Stay away from this location, the bathroom is a mess! The toliet seat is broken in half  and they were out of toliet paper except for the bunches on the floor. 

I sent a email to Carl's Jr as well as calling their "guest" Hotline asking them to fix the problem before someone gets sick. I asked to be contacted by the GM or district management, nope I did get a a very nice email from Carl's Jr COO Carl LeLecke tell me he was sending me some free food coupons...  I waited two days do post hoping the would fix the prooblem I went back in today and the toliel teat is still  the broken one and most of the toliet paper is off the floor. 

You know what they say about bathroom conditions and clealiness of restaurants.

Yikes!!!
I like Carl's Jr.  I do ... guilty pleasure on a rare occasion.  HOWEVER ... it's so sad when you pick up your order in the drive through ... $13.72 worth of food for two... and the $6 Jalapeo burger tastes like the meat was cooked ... say ...  1/2 hour ago in Tijuana ... and not even kept under a heat lamp for the trip north ... and the fries ... are ... luke warm. And the Teriyaki burger?  Tastes like it was glad to be on the ground from a long flight from Tokyo.  sad.  Next time I want to load up on carbs I'll head south to In-N-Out ... ya - that's it!
Sick wife = food court for dinner at Caesars. Ordered Mongolian beef. Inordinately good. Still a little surprised how much I enjoyed a panda express-esque meal. If the stars line up and I'm forced to eat food court dinner, I'm coming on back. 

Food: Mongolian Beef. Very spicy. Really sweet. Large slices of perfectly stir fried onions (vidalia?).

Definitely worth a quick cheap meal.
In Vegas, food is the thing. Anyone who's been there or even heard/read anything about Vegas knows that. While visiting for work recently, I just wanted to grab something really quick to eat before heading out for some evening networking functions.

Staying in Caesars Palace, the food court where Ah So is located is very convenient for "grabbing something fast," so that's exactly what I did. And truthfully, it was pretty fair. 

I'm a sucker for the not-so-good-for-you General Tso's Chicken anytime I order Chinese, so that's exactly what I did this time. It was accompanied with white rice and spring rolls (must be ordered separately). While the chicken was definitely tasty, it IS quite different from traditional General Tso's, not only in taste but there are also some stringy items that come in the dish (onion?). I wasn't a fan of this at all, but managed to work my way around them.

I'd definitely go back to Ah So if the opportunity presented itself, but candidly I'd probably choose a different item off the menu.
I'm generally the kind of person who is on a strict liquid diet in Vegas. However, this last trip solid foods were necessary and we happened upon Ah So right in the middle of Caesar's Palace Food Court. It made me happy.

Sure, this is basically fast food Asian style but when you're hungry and greasy pizza isn't in the cards this place is the perfect pit stop. Depending on what time you go there may be a bit of a line. But, the ordering process is efficient and there is plenty of table space to sit and eat.

The beef with broccoli hit the spot and the rice was really good for soaking up all the free cocktails we got while gambling. Between two of us we finished a single meal which was plenty. I wouldn't say this place is cheap but it's not "Vegas" expensive either.

I would say that for the ease and convenience of this little restaurant I would for sure be back next time I'm at Caesar's. It's nice to have options and this one is a surprise find.
Located in a fast food court in Caesar's Palace, most of the food prepared here is actually made to order (so, yes, there's a little wait time if you come during lunch hour).  This place has the BEST shrimp with lobster sauce I have ever had in my life (and I've had a lot of shrimp with lobster sauce dishes).  So, yes, if you're on the Strip in Vegas, check this place out!
During two visits to the Ah So, I once had the seafood udon, and then the house chow mein.  Both had good flavor and the portions were large.  The seafood udon was a little sparse on meat (shrimp, squid, fish cake, etc), but they did toss in some snow peas and other vegetables as well.  They make these when your order, so it's hot and fresh. Interestingly (and in a nice way) they served the udon in a ceramic bowl, rather than plastic.  The house chow mein had a decent portion.  I took it to go and while eating back in my meeting room with colleagues, they were jealous of my plate.  One other nicety was that they offered the spicy yellow mustard.


This is worth a return visit if I have business in Caesars.
I had to eat a quick lunch yesterday and the only thing in the neighborhood was a McDonald's.  Persconally, I love McDonald's but this day I just didn't feel like a burger (BYW: get two $1 McDouble's, remove the bottom buns, slap them together as a double, fabulous!)

But this day, I  bought a Southwest Chicken salad.  Seriously, the best $5 salad in town!  Whole, grilled breast, for $1 LESS than Chick Fil A and better.  Gotta run, really really good chicken salad!
Most of the time, I have no issues her. Food is good. Drive through is fast, although at times they get really busy and backed up. That is when it gets frustrating.  Especially when people sit talking on there phones instead of moving up. Throwing everything off.

The people who work there are nice nice, but you can tell that they rather have a job that pays more.

One good thing is tgat, they offer discount to uninformed police,  military and firefighters. Because they protect us. However,  that leaves out plainclothes police officers and detectives, FBi/CIA/TSA agents and security officer's. What are they? Chopped liver.

All and all, they are a good place to go. And I will go again.
The food is what it is but that Friggin Alarm is loud and seems management don't care
Wow, how amazing is it to get first review for a restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip?     :-))

Here we have Snack Nook!  This little place lives within the Casino Royale food court & features Noble Roman's Pizza, a Subway, & Snack Nook here, where just $1.99 brings you a hot dog with a tasty 13" weiner in an 11" bun, with help-yourself mustard, onions & relish.  I put on some mustard & then had them add chili for 89, & what you end up with is a great snack for $2.88!  There's a comfortable dining area too.     :-)

Speaking of dogs, are you a horndog single from say 35 to 99 in Vegas?  If so, whip which ever kind of doghood you have in here & plant it at the jumpin' Casino Royale bar for your great hookup with another like-minded tourist!  Hey, "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!"     :-))
What do you want from a foot long hot dog that costs $2?!? Decent taste for this skinny wiener. They actually make the meat look longer by putting it on a shorter bun. Good eats for low pricing, which is always a good thing in my book.

This place is located in the back of the Casino Royale. Walk through the drinking and smoking gamblers and get your grub.  If you are not eating inside the casino, you can ask for condiments to go, and they pack up your dogs really well in a plastic, clear bag for you.  if you do choose to dine in, you can have access to a fill it yourself drink service station, and many industrial size condiments.

If you are in Vegas, just stop and get one of these dogs to live in the time when Vegas kept multiple cheap eating spots to keep you happy, full and gambling!
$3 craps and $1.99 hot dog, nice way to spend a late Vegas night.  Located at the back of Casino Royal, this little gem serves up a bargain in New Vegas prices.  Great to put in the belly after a late night of Vegas.
If you are craving a McDonald's fix in Surprise this is the best location.  It is new, clean, great outside stone work and is by far the best looking McDonald's in Surprise.  I must say that the dual order drive thru is great.  It is only 1 line and allows this location to take orders from 2 customers, but no one gets in front of the other.  It is still single file so you don't cars in front of you, like the dual lane drive thrus.  
As for food this place has finally got the fries right!  I expect salt and some oil on the fries.  Also nice and hot is a plus.  This location, on a consistent basis has made me a nice batch of fries.  I also enjoyed all the different hamburgers here and so far a great location for hot, fast food.  
If you are a fan of McDonald's, like I am this is the best location in Surprise and it is as good as it gets here.  I grew up on happy meals and Ronald McDonald.  What ever happened to the Hamburglar, Grimace, and Birdie the early bird anyway?  Those were the days right?  Cheers, hope you enjoy this McDonald's like I do.
Great service by the youngsters that work there.  The food is fine...what else can I say? :-)
This McDonald's is by far better than the one over on Litchfield and Waddell. It's not even close. Fries are hot, service is good. Buns aren't stale. You can tell what owner cares about their McDonald's and which one's don't.

 I made the mistake of telling my brother to get Mcdonalds, and I forgot to tell him to go here and not the Litchfield one. Sure enough he went to the Litchfield one and the fries were cold, bun stale, and he said he waited 10-15 minutes. I don't get how you wait so long at that McDonald's (other fast food places I could see especially if they are making it fresh) especially when the food is stale and cold. I really think they cook the food earlier and just heat it up and remove whatever they need too. It's weird how everything just taste like day old food there. Oh well.

Anyways anytime I need a McDonald's fix, I go here, or if I'm coming home from work I go to the one off Litchfield and Glendale. That is a good one also.
There are bees everywhere swarming the whole drive thru don't roll down your windows!! Truly Nolan is here but they are not doing anything to solve the problem!!

This was not a fun experience! I pulled up to the drive thru window and bees swarmed into my car!! I kept yelling for the drive thru attendant to hurry and hand me my food and she was just starring at me through the window cause she was to afraid to open the window. Meanwhile a plethora of bees let themselves into my vehicle. I was so irritated at the whole situation I just drove off without getting my food! I will never return to this place again!! I should probably seek legal advice since the drive through was still taking customers while knowing that had a swarm of bees in the drive through.
It's McDonald's. Haven't eaten it for over a year. I now feel sick. Last time I eat at any McDonald's.
Orders are always wrong or missing items, whether you dine in or drive-thru, don't seem to matter.  As a new location I gave them the benefit of the doubt the first few times when they made errors but it continues and happens every time I go there, I will not be going there anymore.
McDonald's - one of the initial franchise empires to pave the way for every other company out there. Normally I stay clear from McDonald's because they don't seem too healthy but who am I to argue with all these new commercial campaigns they have about saying their food is fresh......
This particular McDonald's is new so it's very inviting and clean. I haven't had the pleasure of trying it out for myself but my daughter ensures me that the playground is good to go. Far away from civilization, this McDonald's has a double drive-through so either they're expecting a major boom out this way or there's some serious McDonald's lovers close by & they wanna be ready for anything. 

The other day I tried to order some chicken strips and found out that McDonalds discontinued them. I was pretty devastated considering I feel they are somewhat healthy amongst the wide variety of potentially fatty carnage. Not to say that they are, but after years of having negativity drilled in your head about the unhealthiness of these fine establishments, you tend to start believing it. Feeling doomed for all eternity, I was recommended to try the new breaded chicken wings aka mighty wings. Low and behold, these meaty bite-size morsels hit the spot. They have a little bit of a flair to them as well! I like them so much that I forgot about the dipping sauces. 

Hopefully the price comes down a bit because I can see myself ordering these from time to time. However, for a dozen wings I think it's a bit much. They might as well off for a bucket of 20 - 30 like their McNuggets or those chicken competitors.
I normally like McDonalds but this one has the two drive-thru windows and has just got my order incorrect for the 4th time.  I stopped going to this store because I got frustrated with the dive through and the Manager's blame the employee's attitude.  Today the Taco Bell right next to it had 4 or 5 cars in the drive through and MDs only had one so I took the chance.  Great news, they got my sandwich and fries correct and even though i ordered and Iced tea and got a coke instead.  2 out of 3 is the best you can hope for at this store.
A clean and modern McDonalds. Play area for the little booger makers and a TV w/ ESPN for the old farts.  Two drive-thru lines to speed up the ordering process, and I've never had any issues w/ the drive thru. All this equates to a solid three stars.
So when I was a teen I worked at a McDonalds and from that experience you get to eat things when they are fresh off the grill.  It's a BIG difference, trust me. I really like this McDonalds because they keep their foods fresh.  The workers could be a bit nicer but I remember when I use to work there, you're tired from standing for hours, oily from frying fries all day, and have to smile at those crazy customers.. but it does make the experience better when you have a nice staff at the drive-thru window, I mean be nice to those who are nice to you, smile!  They are open 24 hours Friday and Saturday AND they have SAUSAGE EGG MCMUFFIN at 12am! Best idea ever.. in a sense... because now on Fridays I like to stay up until 12am just to eat that oily breakfast sandwich.  Satisfying yet a bad habit.
Seriously this is the worst mcdonalds. The last time I went it took 20 minutes to get a spicy chicken and a fry. They have two windows and they ignored the window I was  at while taking orders of 3 other cars. Lame.
This morning I give one star. I find it unacceptable to be waiting in the drive thru line with nobody else there at 6:03 in the morning having to wait 3 minutes for my order to be taken. That's unacceptable. Usually I am in an out of the drive thru very quickly however this just irritated me this morning when I'm in a hurry to get to work.
This location at Power & queen creek never has a working shake machine!!! yesterday it was St. Patrick's Day and NO shamrock shake!!! Today no shakes still. What a joke!!'
Worst place ever!!! The little punks working here don't give a shit and food is terrible!! There service sucks and they messed up our order twice!! They stare at you like they're lost and don't know what's going on!! Do not go there!! This is why we don't ever eat this nasty shit!!
Worst MCdonalds ever, if i could give zero i would. Super slow and irresponsible workers.
I can't believe that I'm reviewing a McDs...but this is the absolute worst location that we have ever been to.  It's a running joke in our family now.  Literally every time we drive thru, our order is wrong and we have to walk inside to get it corrected.  This weekend, my husband purposely ordered for the boys inside, and they still messed it up!  A couple of months ago, they asked me to pull aside in the drive thru and wait in a parking spot since they were behind on fries.  So, I waited... and waited... and watched 10 cars pull away with their food...And I'm Positive that every one of those cars had fries in the order.  After 15 minutes... 15 MINUTES... I walked inside to find my order sitting on the counter...they completely forgot about us.  They couldn't have cared less...barely an apology.  It is a complete joke to them!
I have a love hate relationship with this mcdonalds. I love that it is so close to home. While I try not to eat too much fast food, it's nice to have the option and not have to drive too far to get it.  Some it opened, there have been problems at the drive through almost every time. They consistently get my orders wrong; cheese when I ask for no cheese, no sweetness on my sweet tea, missing items. It just gets to a point where one gets frustrated and doesn't want to go back. I will say that today's visit was fine and I went inside as I had time. The tables were clean and the staff was friendly. I think you have a better experience if you order inside.
Super busy location and both times I have been here there is a huge line. It's almost like chaos in the lobby. I don't know if it is because it's a busy locaiton or because they are unorganized. I went inside then thought better and went through the drive thru where there was only one car ahead of me. The drive thru was fast but the prices were super high. $7.75 for a 10 piece McNugget meal. Wow! Won't be going there again. Next time I will either go to the Subway across the street or Taco Bell down the road!
Stopped in here this morning for breakfast, joined by Robyn N.  UGH!  I often stop at a McDonald's to eat when I'm out of town, & usually think they're at least 3 Stars, but this one was a real dud today.  To begin with they weren't busy, possibly having as many employees as customers, yet it took us and everyone else a LONG TIME to get our orders from their simple menu!  Not only that, there were no paper towels in the men's bathroom, only those stupid blowers, mounted down near the floor (for 3-year-olds?).  The door opens IN, so how are you supposed to get out of there with your hands clean, wait 'til you can get into a stall to get some toilet paper?

My breakfast sandwich seemed like it had been sitting around for a long time, too.     :-O

Sausage McMuffin with Egg $2.69, Sr. Coffee $.79
The ole usual stopoff place to Vegas. I might have to reconsider a new one. Today on the way home I stopped elsewhere. Saturday Morning 6/23/13 I stopped here on the way to Vegas. They remodeled the entrance and the parking lot. One person wrote that it has more parking. Hmmm, to me it seems like they have less now but either way it is not an improvement outside or inside. I walk in and the bathroom is closed (really?) I used the Men's room. A line of women followed me in as the manager begrudgingly stood guard. Who cares. Most places have Coed bathrooms nowadays anyway and I have 5 brothers. lol-- However, a lot of elderly ladies stop here and Mom's with babes. They might not be so happy. No one could even say how long the bathrooms would be closed for. 
   After the bathroom fiasco, I ordered. The worker was very young and very unknowledgeable over basic things. Finally, the place was so dirty. I was appalled at how disgusting everything was. Ewhhhh! You would think they would keep it nicer since it is such a busy place for Roadtrippper Stopovers.
This is a busy McDonald's.  This is one of the bathroom stopping points for travel between Las Vegas and Phoenix.  This is a subpar McDonald's.  Just ordering a couple simple things like fries and a hamburger for the kids but they messed up the order-incomprehensible.
Fast friendly and accurate service. The holiday pies are yummy.
 The bathrooms are ean, and there was ample parking.
 I'm easy pleased.
Not too bad for a small town place.
I'm not gonna comment on any of the food here but the service at this location is always fast and efficient. This is the nearest KFC to me since the one on Centennial closed down a little whille ago. I'm definetly not ashamed to say I loves me some KFC.
They have good specials!  $10 for a 10-piece any way you want it & $22.99 with 3 large sides.  I gave them less stars because of the 20-minute wait to get grilled ones.
Friendly cashiers that will greet you and take your order quickly, however, the food took a little while to come out (maybe 10-12 min) but the chicken was fresh, juicy and steaming hot when I received it and that never happens at KFC or most fast food places for that matter! It was definitely worth the wait, especially because the batter was extra crispy and tasty! 

The parking lot seemed a little dark so be careful when coming here at night. Other than that, there was plenty of parking, but they have a drive thru if you don't feel like parking.
Their original and grilled chicken are regular favorites in our house. It seems to be popular with everyone else, too, as I often have to wait an extra 10 minutes while they cook another batch. The staff is always friendly and efficient. The location is convenient, too.
Every time that I have attempted to order here I have been told that they are out of chicken breasts for the day! Are you kidding me? Close this place down!
Just tried out this place today. This is just one of the many new places in the food court in the Excalibur Hotel. They are giving out coupons which is pretty neat because I got 2 free chicken pieces and a drink when I ordered a 3 piece meal. The chicken was crunchy and tasted better than KFC. I also ordered the chicken wrap which has a chicken tender wrapped with a corn tortilla and comes with a little bit beans and rice in the inside. Overall, the food was not too oily and is great for a quick snack or lunch.
Definitely not the best Popeyes experience I've ever had foodwise but the server was very friendly and helpful, and I got my food quickly.
I've eaten here several times as I work in the area.

As usual for a food court area in a casino it's always very loud here. The line is usually very long as well.

I've never tried Popeyes prior to this place opening and can say after several visits that if this is typical of all Popeyes Chicken I'm not a big fan of their food.
Tried eating here  twice between June 3 and 6, 2013.  The first visit they had no chicken tenders. WTF??? No tenders???!?!?  I just ordered a soda, but they gave me the wrong size.

Went back to try for dinner later in the week, ordered my tenders, got my food and went back to my room to eat it and realized they gave me regular chicken NOT the tenders. 

Lesson learned here:  CHECK YOUR ORDER BEFORE YOU LEAVE.

But I still won't go back. Too much trouble.
I bought 32.00 worth fried chicken along with side items today. I requested a couple of dipping sauces and was charged an additional, roughly .50 cents for each dipping sauce. 
Furthermore, FYI - This Popeyes franchisee does not give free refils on purchased fountain drinks.
This experiance feels like the Popeyes in Comptom, not the Popeyes in Las Vegas. 
#ComptonPopeyes #popeyes #revokehislicense #popeyesfranchise #popeyesfranchisee #popeyeslasvegas #popeyesexcaliber
The chicken was very dry. The potatoes with gravy were warm not hot and the biscuit was hard. Horrible customer service from the lady behind the counter. She is the boss and is very rude. Watched her yell at an employer and a guest in front of me. Very unprofessional.
The worst place in all of the food court land. We have tried this place a couple times and its always awful. Ordered almost 30 dollars worth of food aka an 8 piece meal with two drinks. The chicken was alright meh, the fries were cold cold, and the biscuits are why they got a one star rating bc they were quite good. After the smallest 3.29 cent sweet tea we were looking to see how much a refill was wrong, no refills here. They want another 3.29 . We then asked for just a cup of water we were told we could get s cup of ice. This place is a joke and I hope they tear it down and build a juice bar for all I care.
Always fast courteous service. Seems never to be too busy when I come in.
what can I say........IT'S STARBUCKS!!! of course it's great !!!!!
Very courteous service. They will remember your name and drink order, even if you don't visit daily.
Vince was excellent he's the best
Been here on a couple occasions, wife works not to far from here. I'll stop off and get her lunch! How nice of me!!!! Jack in the Box is alright. I do love their jalapeno poppers! Wife loves their tacos!!! Which I do to, I DON'T CARE IF IT CONTAINS MOSTLY OF SOY!!!! Daughter likes their teriyaki chicken bowl! Service is like most other fast food joints. Overall it's not a bad place to visit, you get what you want!
Stopped in here early Sunday morning on my way to work.  It made me remember why I avoid fast food.  Went through the drive-thru, paid for my food, got my food, and the guy said "have a nice day."

He never gave me my change.

I didn't say anything because it was only 20 cents, but I'll never return and I don't encourage anyone else to eat here.
Slowest place ever!!! It should not take over 10 min to get my food!!!! Ridiculous!!!!! I am never coming here again!!!!
All I have to say is.... Delish!! =)
WORTH THE WAIT!!  Yes there was a line.  The fry bread tastes very authentic and is fresh.  There is a good selection of toppings and they offered a to go box that was very nice.  Best of luck to White Eyes.
I walked in for the first time.  I often get indian tacos at festivals and so just tried to go up and order an "indian taco" thinking that meant bread with beef, beans, cheese, etc...but the young man at the counter began to explain that it was not a real taco but he could fold it in half for me if I wanted.  ...I think there was some miscommunication with him thinking I was trying to get normal tacos.  ???  So then I asked how to order, and he explained their concept.  It's like the "Subway" of fry bread.  You choose the meat you want (ground beef/green chile pork/red chile beef/carne asada/chicken) and whether you want beans.  Then they bring the fry bread out to a toppings bar behind glass, and you tell them which toppings to add.  Toppings included cheese, lettuce, white onion, green onion, olives, what I think was either green bell peppers or green chilies??, salsa, and sour cream.  Fry bread runs about $9.  They also have fry bread dessert options for about $6 and a cooler with assorted bottled drinks.

I ordered some sweet puffs for my kids.  They were chunks of fry bread sprinkled with your choice of sweet toppings.  My kids loved them with cinnamon sugar.  I opted for the green chile pork fry bread with beans to-go.  I took it home to share with my husband.  He was not overly enthused and only took 2 bites.  He wasn't a fan of the green chile and thought the lettuce could be fresher.  I found it to be okay and finished off the rest.  The bread was not greasy like some other reviewers found, but I agree that, while it did not taste old, it seemed like it could have been fresher.  The green chile and beans were okay by my standards too.  Their salsa was really tasty and was the highlight for me.

Overall, my experience was positive.  The people there were friendly.  Restaurant was clean.  Food, while not mind-blowing, was okay.  I feel like they could kick it up a notch with the freshness.  I do think I'll be back now and again when I'm craving fry bread.  3 stars.  Will review again after a few visits.
The food was delicious and the service was excellent. Only one small complaint - price. I thought the product and price were a little off. That said, It won't deter me from going back and having the half fry bread special with chips. 

Glad to have such a unique place in our community!
Finally a fry bread place I don't have to drive 30 minutes to get to!  I've been here twice so far.  The green chili is great, the ground beef is pretty bland.  Cost is $8-$9 for a fry bread (they are really big).  It looks like a pizza when they're done.  The quality of the fry bread is pretty good, the owners are super nice.  If you feel like fry bread and don't want to drive downtown, this is the place to go!

Edit:  I'm downgrading them from 4 stars to 3 because of my experience trying to set up a catering event with them for Midwestern University.  My experience consisted of calling and getting put on hold (and dropped), calling back and getting hung up on twice, then calling another 3-4 times without any answer, and finally leaving a message without any call back.  I would never try to order from them for a group again, but I'd still recommend them for a quick bite if you were in the mood for fry bread.  Unfortunately, this experience definitely soured my opinion of the place.
Just got home from eating and I have to say it was yummy! The place was clean and very comfortable and of course the fry bread was to die for. I wanted to get a picture of my food but I was done eating by the time I remembered. I did buy some frozen to bring home so I will be enjoying those sometime this week. If you haven't been to this Glendale location I really suggest making a pit stop for some great delicious fry bread.
It was okay.  I probably won't return.  I had the carne asada fry bread and the meat had a lot of gristle.  The bread itself had no crisp which Is my personal preference and the beans were tasteless. The salsa tasted like mere tomato sauce.  The place on 7th is way more authentic and tasty.  
That said, the portion is big enough for two to share and the staff is friendly.
Don't let the size of this place fool you. It's filled with big flavor. This was my first visit and I was pleasantly surprised. The dough was fried perfectly. The bean and red chile were delicious but a sample of my friend's green chile set my order for my next visit. The staff was friendly and helpful.
Very average at best. Nice clean place with good service. Just not very good fry bread
I ate the bread at a Car Show Tuesdy night .  I absolutely loved it.  I was all filled up after eating it and I wished we had a take out place on the Northwest side where we could buy it.  I had the Veggie one.
That was the most amazing food I've ate!
Something you gotta try.. They are friendly and knowledgeable people. My favorite new spot!
I was "Yelping" Fry Bread and came across this location which happened to be very close where I was staying. I went, ate, and went there to eat again!  Too bad they no longer serve Breakfast Frybread.. :(.

WONDERFUL Hatch Green Chili!!

This place is now a mandatory stop when I visit Arizona. 

To the Owners of White Eyes Fresh Fry Bread, will you come to Southern California and open a restaurant please?
Pretty good, service was fast and friendly. Place is clean. Food was decent.. I had the red chili and bean fry bread.... The portions are good, I left very full. The frybread wasn't as fluffy as I'm used to but all in all was good.
I wanted genuine Native American fry bread and narrowed down to three places, this being one of them. We were coming from California so I wanted to have my experience be the real deal when it comes to fry bread. After reading the reviews for the other two places, my husband suggested coming to this one.

It's located in a little plaza, the facility seems very clean and minimal, which is how I like it. The menu is straight forward and the lady serving us was very nice, we got to talking and she seems very sweet.

I got the Indian taco while my husband got the carne asada fry bread, we got the sweet and savory fry bread for my daughter (we ate some of her sweet fry bread) and it was really good. 

The reason why it lost a star is because my husband's fry bread lacked crispiness, it was kind of soft. The food is a generous amount, I had a hard time finishing mine and it took me awhile to finish it.
Wow I was disappointed here for some reason.  I love popeyes chicken and decided to order the chicken wrap that has rice and beans inside, a side of cole slaw and of course the sweet tea.  The sweet tea was definitely not as sweet and yummy as it used to be and the chicken wrap was very very small (comparable to the mini breakfast burrito you'd get a McDonalds). The wrap was hot but it was just eh on taste.  The cole slaw I didn't like at all.  I felt that for almost $5 I didn't get my money's worth including the quality.  I will give them credit for how clean the place was and she was very nice behind the counter.  

However if this was my first visit, I would not return. I am not discouraged though, I will try them again. I will just order something different.
Mediocre. The spicy chicken simply isn't. It's normal, nothing to write (Yelp) about. Soft drink size inadequate and typically over-priced. 

The pricing is not cheap but a little more than it should be. For only two, it was $24.61. 

But today, after I spoke to the person at the initial drive thru and ordered at 6:04 pm, I pulled up, paid, and then she says, "It'll be 5 minutes." Hmm, okay, no stock on hand during the dinner hour. Definitely not fast. Could you have informed me as I first ordered?
Took my best friend here (both of us are pregnant) & it's not the Popeyes we know ! The spicy wasn't spicy at all & everything was cold !
here on several occasions each time there is something first time I ordered don't remember everything but  a hot apple pie get home no hot apple pie of course  Drive back to get my pie after I specifically asked him is this all my order another occasion order a chicken box most of the chicken in there was old tasting another occasion order: a box of biscuits and thats it and they didn't think to ask me if I wanted honey are butter  what happened to  do you want any condiments
This Wendy's just opened not too long ago in my area so I was really excited.  Went through the drive thru in which it took 10 minutes to get my food and when I got home the whole order was wrong.  I asked for a hamburger and they gave me a cheeseburger and the fries were not fresh.  Very disappointed.  So much for convenience.  Guess I will have to continue going to the one on Green Valley if I want Wendy's.
Been here twice now. Used drive- thru both times. The service was way too fast. Therefore,I knew that both times our burgers weren't going to be hot and fresh. And I was soooo right. I will not go there again mainly because these prices aren't that cheap for cold dried burgers. :(
Awesome accurate and fast. 9pm Wed. Not enough positive things said on yelp! I say it good or bad!
I had a good experience here. I was in the mood for some of their chili.  I am not ashamed to say that I always enjoy Wendy's chili! Pretty darn good.  Since it was just me, I went through the drive through to take lunch home.  The lady taking my order could have picked up a personality on the way to work today...  but I'm guessing maybe it's just been a long day for her. Otherwise the drive through went pretty smooth and quick.

I saw they had new flatbread sandwiches.  Guess I might as well try one right?!  I chose the Smokey Honey Mustard Grilled Chicken option... of course with my chili on the side.  On their sign in the drive through, it states the sandwich is only 370 calories and 22 g of protein!  Sure!  I'll give it a whirl!  It was a smaller chicken sandwich but that's probably why only 370 calories.  But it did have a great flavor with the smokey honey mustard sauce.  The flatbread was great also with grains baked in which gave it a great flavor.  Like I stated earlier, I always enjoy their chili.  It's always hot and tasty.  And a small cup of chili is actually pretty filling for me.  You can get onions and cheese added to the top if you want that option.  I'm not one to turn down cheese!  Yummy.  

A good and quick lunch for me from Wendy's today! Yep, I'd get their flatbread sandwich again.
The cheeseburgers I get here are always room temp so the cheese isn't even melted :/ yet the French are scorching hot and EVERY single time I get chocolate waffle cones in the drive thru they try to just hand them to me as is in no cup, I have to ask every time, As well as constantly being stingy with the ketchup packets, even if I spend 20.00
Wendy's..... not my top pick for a fast food joint, but their drive thru is pretty fast! Drove to Wendy's, ordered, paid, received, drove back to work and was back within 10 minutes!
Always a good experience at this location. It's renovated and the dining room and even bathrooms (atypical for a fast food joint) are very clean. The service is usually quick with no issues. The asian cashew chicken salad is surprisingly delicious and crave worthy for a fast food salad, and is less than 400 calories! Oh, and they have that cool coca cola fountain with a million drink options. Much nicer location than the one on Eastern.
Came here because of their great deal! 2 pieces chicken and biscuit for 1.99. It's in a sketchy part of town, but the service was good. Usually most fast food places the service is horrible, but this one had great service! Better than a sit down restaurant! I am a huge fan of the honey butter biscuits! They are soooo delicious!!! Wish they still had church's in Hawaii
The deals here are impressive, that is for sure. Very cheap. 

The chicken is tasty. And so are the biscuits, which no healthy human should be consuming, but what the hell -- one has to splurge sometimes, I suppose. 

And this area does not offer much for fast food options with chicken as the primary focus (Cane's nearby, Farm Basket far away, and BFG/Strip N Dip even farther away), or anything really at Church's price-point. 

Stuff like a shrimp basket with french fries for 3.59$, the so-called "Big Tex" for 2.49$, and biscuits for 50 ea.; manager's special of five chicken strips and two biscuits for 5$; et al.

So, why the two stars, E? 

I do not know: I have experienced better. It is a really dirty restaurant. 

I have seen "animals" that should be "restricted" scurrying about. I have also been to New York City, so it does not make it prohibitive or forbidden to me, but for fuck's sake ....

On the latest SNHD inspection (http://www.southernnevadahealthdistrict.org/restaurants/inspections.php), they are rocking the infamous Violation 16, which is exactly what my star deductions are based on ... for those unfamiliar ("pest control"). 

SNHD still inexplicably permits them, as well as other eateries, to maintain an "A" grade even with the suspect V-16. 

Something to keep in mind for those that believe the giant black "A" on the piece of white paper comes with a level of certainty that fuckery like this will not be afoot. - E
poor clean dinning area. ..
working ladies just in the kitchen en el chisme n don't try cleaning not even 1 table outside. ..
Had suprisingly good pub food here (buffalo chicken wrap). The fries were OK, not great. I thought the place was a lot nicer than I expected it to be and the patio looked really good too (didn't sit there though, it is October in Canada after all...). Didn't expect a lot honestly and was pretty happy in the end. Service and food delivery could definitely be a little faster. 

Note: this review was based on 1 visit.
Great service! Amazing food! Great location. Lots of big screen TVs for viewing any kind of sporting event. Servers are friendly and service is fast. Had the three cheese jalapeo burger - to die for! Great beer and drink selection as well. Roof top patio for the summer is amazing.
The amount of time to receive drinks from the bar while sitting on the patio is very slow. We have been here for two hours and have only been served our 2nd drink. They need better/faster bartenders to remain competitive. We will take our patio business elsewhere this summer.
Love Carl's Jr.  Glad there is a location a bit closer to us.
Breakfast today starts with a Hardee's breakfast biscuit sandwich.
This Carl's Jr. Crew has managed to screw up our order twice in a row. The first time we went there, my fianc specifically
told them no pickles and no lettuce on his burger. The girl who took our order even confirmed what he said but lo and behold, there was both lettuce AND pickles on the burger when we got home!  That's not even the worst mess up--the worst mess up was tonight when I ordered a Charbroiled Alaskan Cod sandwich and came home to find out I got a Superstar burger instead. WTF!?
Glad to have this new CJ in my area.
Every time we visit the employees are so nice and interact with my daughter.

Love Carl's Jr. They need to bring back the turkey club.
The breakfast biscuit sandwiches are so good.
I'm a huge fan of the Jim Beam bourbon burger. The service is always good, staff is friendly, they give a 10% military discount which is great. Their app does not work for this location and I've told them about 5 times.
When we entered this place we could smell a stench like sewage backing up. However we pressed on. It was hot and we needed something to cool us down. 

My wife and I ordered two chocolate malts. The lady pulled out two cups from a freezer that had frozen ice cream in them and popped them in the microwave. (A little odd if you ask me. Not exactly "hand scooped and hand made" as the ads would indicate.)

Then when she had thawed the ice cream enough she pulled them out of the microwave and mixed the chocolate and the malt into them. 

When she served them they were way below the cup line. Looked like almost half of the product that was supposed to be in them. My wife and I asked about it and the girl said: "We can't put more than eight ounces in the cup." 

We shrugged and took the malts and sat down. 

About halfway through my malt I decided to go to the Carl's Jr. website to see the actual serving size. 

14.6 ounces and NOT 8 ounces. 

I asked for the manager. She confirmed that the product size was only eight ounces. I then showed her on the Carl's Jr. site that the serving size was SUPPOSED to be 14.6 ounces. She shrugged and said that was what the owner told them to do and I asked for his name. She wouldn't give it to me. 

I informed her that they were ripping off their customers and that we would let Carl's Jr. corporate office know about it.

I've eaten at other Carl's Jr. locations with no problems but this particular store on Jewel should be avoided like the plague!
Sunday afternoon you would think they would have more than two people running the place.  I only went there to get to burgers and fries to go....
  took a good 10 mins before my order was placed.   waited another 30 mins for my order to be finished.   will not be  eating this location again.
Great place to go if you're just getting off I-10 and looking for a good burger joint. Their service is very good and their people are friendly and accomodating. The location is close by not just the freeway, but close to IKEA and other stores and shops. 

Their menu gives many delicious options and combos, as well as value items and side items. They score big with me also because they have Coke Zero. Always a plus in my book!
This is a brand new location in Goodyear. Since this is so close to our house we decided to visit on opening day. The first thing we noticed was the small parking lot, which is not really an issue since there is a lot of parking in the shopping center. The restaurant itself is also on the smaller side and was quite busy when we visited. There was a lot of staff there and everyone was very friendly. Our food came out quickly and was better than average. The dining room was pretty loud, but I am pretty sure it was because of the opening day excitement. Hopefully they will maintain the food quality they have right now.
I'm not really a 'fan' of any fast food place but my kid was starving and this was the most readily available option. I was thankfully surprised. The service was fast and incredibly attentive through our entire time in the restaurant. A nice young man checked on us shortly after getting our food and made sure that we had everything we needed. 

Not really knowing what to order as I wasn't familiar with their menu, I got just a basic burger. It was quite good and the price was right. My son had chicken 'stars' (nuggets) and fries. The fries left plenty to be desired but all in all, he was really happy.
Nice clean location. Fast friendly service. I've gone quite a few times already. I enjoy the .69$ drinks plus we had lots of free coupons from opening day. The zuchinni is really good.
Came here for the first time and kids couldn't get the order right. Came all the way home to see that stuff was missing from our order. Note to this location: maybe you shouldn't ask question about the order if you cant take it right. You suck!!
This location is really close to home and I like to stop in about once a week in the morning and get an order if biscuits and gravy and a coffee. Sometimes the gravy is awesome with pieces of sausage and a really good biscuit, but more recently the gravy is awful. It is often too thick, but this morning there were giant lumps in it and no sausage. The biscuit was also hard and undercooked. Here's a thought-if it's not ready don't serve it. I would rather be told it's not ready then sent on my way with terrible food. Another peeve-I always order a large coffee and somehow it always comes in a different size cup. I know it's a fast food joint, but a little consistency would be nice.
Only complaint I have with this location is that the drive thru time takes quite a while, other then that clean restaurant, friendly staff, and.... Good food I guess. 4 stars!
Since opening, we have been to this Burger King 5 times.
I will not be back for a couple months... That should give them time to figure everything out.

We have encountered issues with orders, prices, and wait times, despite visiting at various times of day. The staff appears to be new, not just to Burger King, but to speaking with people who are paying for products.

On my most recent stop, around 7am on a weekday, there was only one other car in the drive through. I ordered a breakfast combo with a large coffee. The items did not come on the screen. I was instructed to pull around to the window. When I got there, the price was more than $1 over what it should have been. I asked way, and this is where it got bad...

The attendant told me "it just is, that's what it costs. What, you wanna look at the receipt?"
I said yes, "I am going to look at the receipt." I was given  bag of food, then, he handed me the small receipt, without saying a word. I saw what it was, and decided not to make any more of an issue... BUT then, he gave me a cup of coffee that was not filled, followed by a handful of cream and sugar packets... Not in a bag, not in the bag with the food, just dumped them in my hand and closed the window again...

So, what was the problem with my order?? 
He rang each item in individually, resulting in a higher price.
AND did not include the potatoes in the bag. 

I stop for breakfast or coffee only once ever few weeks as a treat.
$5 every day adds up, so my family avoids wasteful daily stops.
This was my first "treat" in about 3 weeks and it was terrible. It was a waste of my time and my money AND cost me more off both than it should have.
I will not return to this burger king Ever! Being new you would think they would have a higher standard. The forgot the fries with the meal order. When the fries did come they tasted like they were cooked the day before, luke warm  stale and card board texture! The two sandwiches I ordered were not much better, they tasted as if they cam from a am pm connivence store! Very disappointed with this location. I wont be back!
on Thursday the 15th of August at approximately 8:30 pm I placed an order of about a dozen burgers for my pee wee football team and I was short on my order, ..I guess counting burgers isn't a part of customer service now at days, maybe a little basic math course should be included in the hiring process?
The new high tech touch screen drink machine ran out of regular coke and dr. pepper.  Poor planning.
Went in at 10 am on a Saturday.  Two people ahead of me that had placed their order and one at the car window.  Five people including the "Manager" behind the counter and it took them 4 minutes to take my order.  Sat down and one of the people waiting for her order started bitching that she had been waiting for over 15 minutes and what was the problem.  Another lady came in and the manager took her order and walked off.  After nine minutes I went back and asked if it was training day because they were really taking their time and the cashier said "No...just another day."  The manager walked by and I asked if she was the manager and she said  "Si".  I asked her if she knew what she was doing because now I had waited 13 minutes and still no order.  The woman that the manager helped asked if her order was in because the manager had not taken her money and she said no and she left.  A few people came in and out and heard the problems and left.  After 17 minutes I finally got my order.  This Burger King will not be open in a year and if you hire management they better care about the job and be smart enough to handle the job.
I was the only customer. A little after 10 am,  so when I ordered a sausage Croissant  with egg and cheese no problem right!!!   Wrong I got ham instead she did not include a receipt because she was too busy chatting with her buddy inside. I did not notice this till I got home and this is the very first time I did not get a receipt so I could have brought it back to make them give me what I ordered.   Hey guys CUSTOMER SERVICE PLEASE!!!!!
We have stopped by this location quite a few times and it is usually pretty good. The service has always been great. I surprised by the bad reviews. It is SO much better than McDonald's!
Friendly staff tonight! And the best part... $1 Iced Coffee in Large, Medium or Small sizes!!! Perfect!
Not a lot I can say because I seriously visit McDonald's locations for one thing only: the Vanilla Reduced Fat Ice Cream Cone! It is very delicious, just one dollar (range between 99 cents to $1.29, not including sales tax), and just 170 calories! I cannot complain. We went through the Drive-Thru for our first visit and it went smoothly. Short wait with just 3-4 cars ahead of us. Clear speaker, the associate asked us to verify our order on the screen (great!), and there were separate windows for paying and receiving your food. Everyone was very cordial as well. I'll be back!
I was so excited for this McDonalds to open, it's about time we get a food place in that location. So you can imagine my disappointment with their terrible service and bad quality food making!!

 Worst. Worst. Worst. I get they are new. I do, so the first few times I went, I kept my cool, didn't complain, smiled, etc. 

I like to go mid-morning on my way to work for either just coffee and a Sausage McMuffin with no egg... How complicated of an order can it be??!! Sometimes I will mix it up and get a combo meal, this is usually where they royally screw it up. 

I'm irritated just thinking about the visits Ive had and how 4 out of 5 visits they screwed something up. 

To make this brief, here are my major issues. 

I order Splenda to be added to my drink. I'm in my work clothes, and I don't want to pull over and carefully add it myself and spill on my clothes since they A) they always fill it too high, and B) I don't want to make any more stops! 

Cheese: hardly ever melted on the Quarter Pounder, or Big Mac and I've tried about 3 or 4 times. Cheese not melted, or the tiniest blob of sauce! I wanted the new habanero ranch, couldn't even taste the sauce except for one bite! Plus it was luke-warm at least twice! The hot & spicy with a tiny splash of mayo? I mean, really! 

I ordered an iced Caramel Mocha, get to the window, she hands me the latte, it had no caramel on the whip, so I ask, is this the Caramel Mocha? She stares at me blankly and says yes, I say, I'm used to it having caramel on top, she says its a caramel mocha, so off to work I go, I'm already late because they are super SLOW, and sure enough take a sip after I'm gone and it's a regular mocha. Pathetic service!

I did write in to corporate after my 8th or 10th attempt to do business there.. And the manager called me and apologized. Told me to come in and get a free combo on him. So not happening. Go in so they can remember me as the Girl who called them out for their shit slow service, always messing up my orders,  and crap food making? No thanks. I would have rather had some coups sent so I could remain anonymous. 

Oh well. I just drive a few more blocks down to Rainbow and Blue Diamond location if i have the extra time, they are great! 

As for this place? Shame on you for STILL not being able to get your shit together! 

One positive note I will say is there are two very friendly employees there. They work the drive thru taking orders/$$ I wish I had their names! 

Will I be back? Sadly probably yes, it's very convenient for me on my way to work when I don't have time to go to rainbow location.. But I limit what I get, try to keep it simple and always hope for the best... Maybe someday they will be a great location... As for now? The McDonald's Corporation would be ashamed!!!
ok so yes they are new and yes it looks nice inside,but every time i go there my food is always i mean always wrong,and to make it ever worse is when you ask them to fix it and they still get it wrong, Thats pretty bad. And there are a few mangers there that just need to quit or be fired,they are rude ,they interrupt you when your tring to explain what was wrong.How does a sausage egg mcmuffin with no cheese turn into a ham egg and cheese biscut.
Knowing how bad the drive through service has been I went inside and placed an order for a burger. The lobby wasn't trashed but in a need of a sweep and a wipe down. 

I ordered my Habanero Quarter Pounder and sat at one of the only clean tables in the store. The register guy did come out to sweep and while he did try his best I have to wonder why he choose to move the chairs at my table and sweep below my feet (remember that it was the only clean table in the store) and ignore what I'm only guessing was a hunk of apple on the floor at the table across from me or the fry and salt residue on the seats of the same table? He even went so far as to pick up a stack of napkins from the floor and put them onto the table top. 

I know I know young kid working his first job trying so hard but he/they desperately need to go back to the McDonald University and get some remedial training or this store is going to fail to earn repeat business from its locals.
This is got to be one of the worse McDonald's ever, even surpassing the McDonalds In Hawthorn Nevada!

Stopped there two times in two days, I was sick and didn't want to cook or get out of the car. Plus, as a child when I got sick my mother would buy me a Big Mac.

Anyway, we stopped and went thru the drive thru, it was pretty quick both times. Our larger truck fit through, so that is a good thing.

The first trip, my husband, also sick, drove off as soon as the food was handed to us. I'm all like what are doing? I haven't tried the fries yet! Anyway, the fries were either over cooked,( I don't think so), or cooked twice. The amount of salt was unreal and the fries were cooked beyond crispy.

Second trip, the fries looked like McDonalds fries just not very warm, and yes he drove off before I tried one. We get back to the R.V. resort we're staying at and I try my Big Mac, almost no sauce and very bland. The patties also look like they have gotten smaller.

The two ladies at the window were not overly friendly but not rude either. If you want a burger just stop at In and Out across the street.
Pretty new McDonald's, used to be a KFC. It's nicely renovated and designed but tables are often not wiped and cleaned and last time I was there, they had no more ketchup next to the soda. This place is run by mostly by teenagers. Menu is displayed on techy monitors which I love. Management could be better. Room for improvement. Nothing amazing but not bad.
Do I have to give them 1 star you all should consider this a negative star.Absolutely the worst fast food service I've ever experienced.Every order I've gotten has been in some way or the other wrong.i check every order but I'm not opening boxes n unwrapping sandwiches.Today I ordered an egg n cheese Mc muffin got em home n they put ham on em.the worst one was couple of months back they had those wings n I ordered them n sat at window for 7 min been in line for 10 then Mgr asks me to pull up to wait in s designated space .I'm just sitting there before I realize I've been there another 10 min and there are no cars in line. I drove over to front door went in an there's the Mgr sitting at a dinning room table eating.i asked her where my food was that I've been waiting for 15 minutes outside.i was so mad I just took my food n left.2 months later stupid me went back for another screw up.Buy the way this Mgr is on duty 90 percent of time I go there.I was a Mgr for 20 years in fast food n sit down I wouldn't hire this lady as a cashier
By far the WORST McDonald's I've ever been to!!!  If I could give it less then one star I would.  I live right down the street so this is the easiest McDonald's to get to, but ever time I go the wait is ridiculous, the serve is horrible, and the food is thrown together!  I suggest everybody go to the McDonald's off rainbow instead because it going to take just as long either way.   And their staff is a lot more friendly!!
If I could give negative stars I would... A three side plate is 8.99 the serving is small and all the food is beyond greasy and salty. I never knew green beans could be soooo horribly drenched in oil and salt!!! :( please please do yourself a favor and do not come here... The girls working had the most sour of attitudes and looked sounded like they were hating life and their existence ... There are better fast food options within walking , tram and taxi distance
Unfortunately Yelp won't let me give it zero stars. For serving raw food and denying a refund even when I presented my credit card they should be sued. I just didn't have the energy or patience to do that. The staff is rude And the place is terrible. Located in the Excalibur food court. Don't go!
Slow service considering they just had to scoop the food into containers and the food was so salty i couldnt even eat it all... Avoid this place!
Let me begin by saying their honey chicken is great, but that's were it all ends.

The orange chicken and fried rice tasted over cooked and burned.

At $8.99 for a combo I expected better and I have had better at other locations.

This location dropped the stix!

Never Again.
We were not expecting much from a fast food type Asian cuisine place and this one lived up to our expectations. A very young disinterested crew was on duty with no obvious leadership in place. They were more interested in talking about their personal lives than giving prompt attention. A pass thru window allowed us to watch horseplay in the kitchen while the food pans ran empty up front. This caused us to have to wait even longer to get our food. When we finally got our food it was hot...and fresh and that's about the only positive thing about most of it. Rice was under cooked and crunchy the noodles were no better than a package of ramen available anywhere for under a quarter. Most dishes were heavily salted or drowned in so much soy sauce that's all you could taste. The price point was about the best thing about this meal but felt I overpaid with the quality of food and service. I feel I would have been better off going to the McDonalds just to the left of it. At least when I go there I pretty much know what I'm going to get....
Wow, seems I should've read reviews first! All of the food in this food court was pretty unappealing so we gave it a shot. 3 meats and much of it all tasted the same. Ended up throwing out most of the container. 
Best thing I had was the bottle of water.
Tried this earlier this year when working nearby and must admit very impressed both with quality of food and service. Not many places i go to can rustle up a toastie that quickly , bit similar to subways but very well staffed and very reasonably priced.
Quite nice, although the meal deals are quite specific about what they contain. If I'm not having a Subway at lunch, I'll come here and have a baguette. Service is generally good, and you can usually get one of the three seats at the window.
Ein Marktplatz inmitten des riesigen Caesars Palace. Direkt neben dem weitlufigen Casino. Eine gute Mglichkeit, in Selbstbedienung schnell und gnstig zu essen.
In einem groen Halbrund bieten verschiedene Shops ihre Speisen an: Burger, asiatische/chinesische Kche, Pizzen etc. Innerhalb des Rundes der Marktplatz mit vielen Tischen. 
Zunchst heit es, sich einen berblick zu verschaffen. Hat man dann gewhlt, gibt man seine Bestellung auf, erhlt eine Nummer, die aufgerufen wird, wenn das Essen fertig ist. Mit dem Tablett auf zu einem freien Tisch und schon kann der knurrende Magen beruhigt werden.
Das ganze ist auf Imbiss-Format, also darf keine haute cuisine erwartet werden. Dafr ist es preisgnstig. Ein Hamburger kostet z.B. $ 6,95, ein Double Burger $ 8,95. Fountain Soda (Cola, Sprite etc.) schlgt mit $ 3,99 zu Buche.
Auch hier kann problemlos mit Kreditkarte bezahlt werden. Und da Selbstbedienung herrscht, kann man das Trinkgeld weitaus moderater ausfallen lassen, als sonst in der amerikanischen Gastronomie blich. 
Fazit: Es muss ja nicht immer die groe und damit teure Kche sein. Auch in einem 5-Sterne-Domizil wie dem Caesars lsst es sich preislich gnstig essen. Anschlieend kann man dann sein Geld wieder im Casino oder den teuren Forum Shops ausgeben. Drei Sterne.
The food was decent. This place is like a higher end food court. A little pricey for a food court but it's the Vegas strip. The staff was friendly.
Absolutely the worst, most over priced food court in Las Vegas, or anywhere I've ever been for that matter. If I could give this 0 stars I would. It was later after a concert that we were looking for something simple to eat that wouldn't break the bank. Boy do I miss the days in Vegas when you could eat for next to nothing. This food court's service was slow, the prices for the size of the food we're incredibly high, and the food was terrible. Stay away. Take my advice, go somewhere ELSE.
Went to the grand opening. There was a balloon artist and some five sways. I didn't experience either but the building and interior both, are beautiful. 

The staff are friendly but it's obvious they are new at the fast food game. 

I'm excited that this McDonalds opened. It's so close to home and its my new morning drink shop. 

Only had breakfast so far... Gonna stop in for dinner soon.
Super super slow. Expect a 15 minute wait in the drive through and about 50% if the time the food is cold or old.
I've given this location a try twice. They screwed up both orders, once giving us a happy meal with an empty box where the nuggets should have been.

Skip it.
Can't believe I can't give zero stars on Yelp! The unhealthy menu and disruptive drive-thru are enough to justify my review. Eat local before stooping to this slop. Healthy choices abound in Scottsdale. Search them out and lose McD's.
Beware of Sam the order taker! She will laugh at you for ordering too much food! 

Today, we are moving lots of furniture. There is a big group of us, we are hungry & Mcdonalds seems easy,  fast and efficient.. Right?? No no no!

It's was my job to grab lunch for the group. I came up  to the drive thru, and Ordered 6 mcdoubles.. The order taker Sam's reply is "wow 6 mcdoubles, that's a lot of mcdoubles" ( laughing ) 
Me : "yes 6"
Sam: "you must be so hungry for 6 mcdoubles, wow!! ) still laughing) 
Me: "well yah I'm 400 pounds, of course I want all this food"
Then I ordered more to the order, because that's what my group requested.

My friend & I were in shock! We could not believe a fast food order taker could be so condescending and rude!! 

I requested to talk to a manager and I had told her what happened. She was very apologetic, which I understand it's not her fault her staff are rude kids. I told her she needed to get my order and I was not going to go up to the next window because I would go off on Sam. 

As I was waiting, the window staff member asked me to move to the next window. I told him no, I was waiting for the manager and I would not move till I got my order. He rolled his eyes. He was a stocky rude boy. 
The manager  came back out with our "HUGE" order and apologized again and gave me a punch card for a free value meal.
I told her it wasn't her fault but she does need to get a grip on her rude staff.

McDonald's , this is not how we know you. I'm still utterly disgusted with the service I received today. I will NEVER be back at this location again and I will be writing corporate. 

Advice : Go to Indian school & Hayden location, they are friendly fast and not rude.  They don't care how much or how little you order!
I really wanted to like this place too! We went last week and it took them 20 minutes to figure out what we were trying to order. I understand the place is new, but it was a bit ridiculous. The owner came out and aplogized and eventually we got our food. We decided yesterday to give it one more chance. When our order arrived my boyfriend bit into his spicy chicken sandwich and it was completely raw! We called into the restaurant from the drive up order stand and a car hop was sent out to see what the issue was. We were so put off by the raw chicken that we just wanted a refund instead of a new sandwhich. A few minutes later he came back and said his manager was busy. Not sure what's more important than possible food pisoning, but we waited for 15 minutes before he came back and stated they were having a computer glitch and if the order was not refunded to his card within a week to call the store. I guess a cash refund was not a thought when someone is sitting there for 15 minutes. They did refund the entire order which was nice, but we are definitely never going back!
This was my first time and I was really looking forward to it. 
The drive through person was either new or just had absolutely no idea what they were doing. 1 star for service. 
Ate off their breakfast menu. Good. But nothing special. 3 star. 
So 2 star overall.
In all honesty, I enjoy a good Sonic shake and Chicago hotdog. But, again in all honesty, I did not enjoy this Sonic in particular.

2 words for you: Undertrained Staff!

To start with, when I trying to order at a drive in area, I do not appreciate loud music playing over the top of me trying to order and listen to the guy over the speaker. This caused nothing but problems (meaning my order did get messed up). 

The training at this Sonic just sucks, they could not understand that I was ordering a Chicago dog, foot long size. I've ordered this countless times, but I was told that they don't make these at this location. Seriously? I explained to the manager even that they have a Ground Hog Day special every year where it is 50% off foot long hotdogs every kind including: Chili dogs, NY style, & Chicago style. They have foot long dogs on their menu, I just don't see the issue. 

The combo meals I ordered were also missing the toast. I guess they just did not understand what I was ordering????????

I'm really only giving this Sonic a 2 star rating (instead of 1 star) because I enjoy the 50% shake price after 8pm. They can't mess this up....right? 

So to sum this all up, The food was not great, the service was horrific, and I always enjoy a verbal altercation when trying to order food (j/k). 
It's fast crap food. You get what you pay for.
The worst location I have EVER been to.  I have frequented Sonic in numerous states and at numerous locations.  First, they could not take our order accurately.  We repeated it about 4 times.  Then my husband always orders the foot long hot dog.  It is not on the menu.  However, they do offer a chili cheese dog and a plain dog (which she can add anything to).  

Therefore, he puts the Chicago toppings on it.  He does this everywhere, without fail.  This time, they do not tell him but deliver a regular size hot dog to him.  The guy explains we are wrong.  When we are nearly done with our meal, the manager comes out and explains that we are wrong.  His staff was trained improperly.  He gave us another regular size hot dog.  This was nice.  But it was SO backhanded.  You are wrong, but here is a hot dog.  Thanks (please read that in a sarcastic tone).
My old man was pretty excited to go to this new Sonic, and we actually made a thing out of it by driving by to check and see if they were open yet repeatedly.  Then one day I noticed they were finally open so I sent him over there.  

He got a burger and some tater tots.  After he had eaten, I asked how it was, and he said "well, the tater tots were good, but it was pretty spendy for such mediocrity."  

Two weeks later he went again and brought home the goods.  Again, the food was subpar, unripe tomatoes, wilted lettuce, and they somehow managed to suck all the flavor out of their over priced food.  

Another reviewer mentioned that Culvers is better, and they are right.  Maybe, hopefully, they'll turn things around after they've been up and running for a while.  But I'm not holding my breath on that one.

A dream has been crushed here people.
Well, this Sonic sure doesn't meet the standards to any Sonic I have been to in the past.

First thing- the parking lot, yes I get this is a drive-in, but this is also Wisconsin, there is very little parking for guests who choose to dine inside, the dirve-in area is also rather small for the area; many customers are Sun Priarie/Madison based which is a very large amount of people.

Second- I chose to dine inside seeing as its December; this is a new building, however, it already feels disorganized, cluttered, and a bit dirty.  I noticed that it has a capacity of 40 people.... pretty shifty as it is located near many large business if a group of coworkers wanted to grab a quite lunch together, I really doubt this is where they'd want to be.  

Third- Service. I think I could have served the customers better.  I noticed one customer go back to the counter three times in the mere 20 minutes I was there; her shake was wrong, she didn't get the condiments she had requested, and then once she recieved her shake, she wasn't given a spoon or a straw.... 

Another annoying point, I get that this is a fast food resturant, but do you hear the kid screaming in the corner because he spilt his soda right in front of the door to come in/out, and do you se his mother looking at you in a panic and trying to go between the counter to get your attention and try to quite her kid? Yea didn't think so because the servers were too busy messing up orders and neglected to notice that I know just had to hurdle over a puddle of soda... 

Last- Food.  I opted for a chicken stirp dinner, weighing the fact I figured that was more challenging to mess up.  Surprisingly, they managed to bring it out correctly. However, it comes with toast, wouldn't one think this toast would possibly be buttered or served with a side? Nope! Come out dry-as-a-bone, yuck! 

Overall; I suggest taking your business to the nearby Subway, Burrachos, or even Kwik Trip... yikes!
I went to this location about a week after opening. Ordered a soda drink that was 75% ice, so I went back for a refill and server said I would have to buy another drink. Disgusted, though not in he mood to argue, I asked for a glass of water as I was having issues swallowing the meal. I was told there was a charge for tap water!  I bought the water, then decided to try their sundae. I had to pay extra for hot fudge and about 12 small chunks of peanuts.  I thought I was buying a sundae, not a dish of ice cream.  Nowhere on the menu does it say toppings cost extra. False advertising and they nickel and dime you.  The quality of the hamburger meat was below average.
They spent all that time and money building that place, and it's awful.  Truly awful.  Even my 9-year-old said, "Dad, let's never go back there."

I've had decent Sonic before, far from Wisco, so I know what it's supposed to be like.  This is a far, far cry from decent Sonic.  And let's face it, Sonic, at its best, is still subpar.  So, basically I'm saying this stuff is dog food.  It tastes terrible.  It's overpriced.  The employees looked lost, though it was still only a month after opening, so I'm sure they're still getting their "sea legs" as it were.  

I imagine this location will end up closing up shop in the near future if they don't fix what's broken.

Back to Culver's for me.
The owner of this franchise, Chris, wrote me a email asking me about his Sonic location. After a few correspondents' with him, I will be the first to say to all the reviewing on here: 

Give this Sonic another chance. 

This is the owner's first franchise. He does live around the Madison area, and he cares about having a good running franchise. 

For being a some what freshly built Sonic, they are having a  couple rough patches to figure out. But with some detailed complaints, the things I noticed seem to have been fixed. 
My recommendations: Order a foot long Chicago dog from here and enjoy it. 
What also separates this Sonic from a few others is the fact that the owner on this franchise decided to go with a high quality Vienna beef hot dog on all 6" dogs. 
Who knew?

I think this Sonic could very nice (they just had to make a bunch of mistakes first to start to realize it).
They have great ice cream shakes!!!! What more could you ask for?
Upon second visit, service was much better!  It looks like they are making improvements.  Manager was able to make an exception and honor two coupons for me on different menu items.
Went to sonic tonight for diner. All the previous reviews gor this place no longer apply. I thought it was great, I've had sonic in Texas and Washington and this one was better than both. We'll be back for more. Btw.. get the shakes, they really are good.
Stay AWAY! Far away. Apparently I never learn and I am a glutton for punishment. Because I keep going back and keep getting screwed over. But no more!

First off on my last visit, I waited 20 minutes in the drive thru from the time I placed my order from the speaker to the window. Then I waited another 12 minutes at the window for my food. The guy at the window (the owner - Chris) said it would be just a moment - that was 10 minutes later. Never saw anyone again. Finally, my food - the fries were cold and nasty and the grease was starting to congeal! I like to eat my fries on the way home - I always buy an extra order just for that. It looks like they cook my fries when I first ordered - 32 minutes ago!

I got home, my daughter said her burger was made wrong. We were missing an order of onion rings and my wife's coke was regular instead of diet. Also all the sodas were diluted and lack carbonation - probably from all that waiting.
I've eaten here a couple of times, and never had anything but a great experience. I'm actually pretty surprised that there is so much negative reviewing going on here. Back when they were first opening, it was a little slow. But that's to be expected from a new restaurant, and since then I've only had good experiences. The food and customer service are great, they're working hard to get the kinks out, and I think this store has real potential.
I wish I could give this place zero stars.

I returned to Sonic after my first review because I saw a bunch of people sitting in the outdoor seating area, and I thought, "Maybe they got their act together."

I went through the drive-thru to get a large Cherry-Limeade--probably the best thing Sonic does.  I didn't order anything else.  That was all--one large Cherry-Limeade.  The dude on the drive-thru mic asked me if I wanted to make a Route 44 size for ten cents more.  I love a good upsell as much as anyone--sold, my friend.

I pulled forward and there was only one car in line in front of me.  It was parked at the window.  I pulled up and waited.

And waited.

And waited.

After 5 minutes, I thought about pulling away, but figured I'd gut it out if for no other reason than this review.

So I waited some more.

And waited.

And waited...  

After thirteen minutes--yes: 1 3 m i n u t e s....Thirteen long, dull, pointless minutes where there was no interaction at all at the window.  Two other cars were stacked up behind me. I could tell from the body language that the girls in the car in front of me were angry.

Finally, someone shows up at the window and starts passing bags of food through to the two girls in front of me.  It was at least six or seven bags, and a four-carrier of shakes.  

I'm sorry--if you have a large drive-thru order like that, you pull the car to a parking spot to wait.  You don't make a dude wait thirteen minutes for one freakin' Cherry-Limeade.  That's Basic Drive-Thru 101.  If you can't get that simple thing together, your business is screwed.

I finally get to the window and the dude at the window says, "You had three shakes, right?"

I said no. "A large Cherry-Limeade."

He turns to another guy.  "Can I get a large Cherry-Limeade, right away?"

SERIOUSLY?  I wait thirteen freakin' minutes for a single friggin' drink and you don't even have it ready when I get there?  Oh, screw you, Sonic of Sun Prairie.  When your crappy restaurant goes belly-up, I will be there to dance in front of your For Sale sign.

This place has been open for MONTHS. There is no excuse for incompetence like this.  

I finally get my drink--more than 15 minutes after my initial order.  Fifteen minutes for one large drink, folks.  And they still charged me full-price.  And my Route 44 upsell was completely forgotten.

If the owner of that Sonic ever reads Yelp:  Hey, dude--sell out to someone who knows what the they are doing.  Running a fast-food restaurant isn't hard. I know--I did it for three years, successfully, mind you.  Your employees are lost. Your food is lacking. And sitting in a drive-thru for fifteen minutes is unforgivable.  Even Culver's will burn people through in less than ten minutes.

Go away, Sonic.  You're bad at your job.
Been in Madison just over a year now and still trying to find decent food. I am from the south and have no idea how these people enjoy their fast food/take out with so few good options. This Sonic is definitely reminiscent of the Sonic I used to enjoy back at home. I have been with my husband and daughter at least 6 or 7 times and had nothing but great experiences each time. Our order has always been correctly and freshly made. I love that they make your food to order; we haven't gotten a cold meal here yet. The managers on site are always nice and making sure things are flowing smoothly. I am quite surprised by the negative reviews because whenever we get an urge for Sonic, I know I can go to this location and get a fresh, decent meal.
Hot on the heels of my review of oink I came across this new addition to Rose St at the weekend!

Pig In a Poke is a new, trendy looking, upmarket version of its competition with some space for dining and lots of cool wood panelling.

With a selection of rolls to choose from these guys also give you a slightly wider choice when in comes to toppings! I went for the braised red cabbage and apple sauce and darn gosh if it want just a damn tasty roll.

My one critique of oink has been their ever edging upwards price.....these guys are going to keep them honest. For a size-able roll they are charging 3.80 making it a very affordable lunch time option for workers!!


Pig in a Poke comes highly Jd Recommended
When Jurgen's review of Pig in a Poke came up on my feed I immediately thought, I'm having some of that! And I did. Lunchtime came and off I popped to Rose Street, conveniently only a few minutes walk from my work place, and sought out some delicious pulled pork.

And did it live up to the first, glowing review? Yes, I'd say it did. 

It's cheaper than Oink, although the portion size was a little smaller. This isn't necessarily a bad thing though, as the Oink rolls can be a struggle to finish. The pork itself is very good (maybe not *as* good as Oink's, but still pretty tasty) and as Jurgen says in his review there's a wider selection of condiments to go with your pork. Today there was apple sauce, bbq sauce and coleslaw. I'm a coleslaw fiend so I couldn't see beyond that, and it was a good choice as the slightly tangy, crunchy slaw complimented the soft, yielding pork very well. There's also a choice of breads - a white roll, a crusty wholemeal and a flour wrap if that's your thing.

My only criticism would be that the serving of coleslaw was a bit mean, as was the crackling I was given. That and I feared for my teeth when eating the crackling.

Pig in a Poke very nearly gets 5 stars, and in many respects surpasses its main rival. But not quite. It is however, great value for money and close to my work (something that neither of the Oinks are) so I can foresee this becoming a regular lunchtime treat!
Not sure what " Pig in a Poke " means but I will tell you I ate it like a pig eating slop! It was really really good and I was happy like a pig in the mud. Haha ok enough with the pig puns and such , this place was really good. I happened to trot on by the other day and went on in. The place is in a very good location to get the tourists and the locals such as myself. Well it was feeding time for me so I decided to get some porker in a tortilla role with the BBQ sauce and some crackling . For the price I was impressed, it was cheaper then what I usually pay and the BBQ sauce was not bad at all. The gentleman and lady who served me were very polite and cheerful. They asked me where I was from, so I went through my routine, I am from Seattle Yadda Yadda Yadda, and who would a thought the gentleman said his boss called up and told him that if your Canadian or American you got a free size upgrade since it was Thanksgiving! ( Didn't know Canada celebrated Thanksgiving) So that was very nice of them and made my day. Pork itself was nice and tender perfectly well balanced moister, not to wet but not to dry reminded me of mexican carnitas  that use a similar style of pork.  I will be back again for feeding time and have my " Pig in a poke" .
3.5 Stars

What can you say about Jack In the Box, it's there when you need it fast or at odd hours of the night!  I'm not 100% sure but I don't think these guys ever close, maybe the lobby's for a few hours but the drive-thru's are always open. 

I have a teenage kid who likes this place and why tell them no!  When I was her age I ate tons of fast food too.  This is the closest Jack to us and has the best customer service which is why we come here.  I will always support an establishment when they treat you right and will go as far as to tell others(another reason I love Yelp) about it to.  This location has a fireplace(fancy huh) and a self serve order kiosk that allows you to get as custom as your heart desires!  I feel that one thing Jack has on the other fast food joints is it's speeds when ordering in the drive-thru.  I won't speak on the food much besides your healthy options are few and the only gluten-free options are their salads or the tasty deep fried tacos.  I guess you can include the fries to the GF list.  

To my east coast and Midwest peeps who never experienced a Jack In the Box, it's worth a try once to check off your "life list".  Their tacos are what makes them different from other fast food restaurants.  While not authentic by no means it's one of those right of passage things you have to try.
Always getting my greasy taste buds fix here.  I know it is bad, but sometimes I just want a burger and fries and FAST.  Got the ranch homestyle chicken this time.  It was good, fried, and served with ranch.  YUM!
Yay, this location is finally open! So glad to have one closer to where I live! Same great menu to choose from and friendly service.
The best teriyaki in town :) finally one that's in center Vegas :) highly recommended fast food
The best teriyaki chicken with brown rice, addicting.
The sound system there sounds better than most too with 2 big HD tvs.
Food was enjoyable and there was plenty. I just hate when restaurants cheapen the quality of the meat. The steak used to be actual steak but is now a cheap philly steak type of thing and charging for the sauce that used to be put on the food is a bit much as well.
Service at this location during lunch hour is really slow....not good for the working individual that has only an hour for lunch!  But food is still good
Brand spanking new CFA in the Arcadia area!! Location is a little cramped, but they've handled the traffic flow..making the only entrance off 44th street. 

Typical CFA food - tasty chicken and poly sauce
Always exceptional customer service. :)
Brand new and first visit was excellent.  Food was hot and tasty. The staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  We showed on family fun night and the kiddos were treated to games, balloons,  and a free desert.   Will definatly be returning soon.
So, I no longer like the regular chick-fil-a sandwich.  Don't get me wrong, it's a tasty sandwich.  But, I'm a Chargrilled Chicken Sandwich girl for good!  

And however they make their diet lemonaide....it's like crack.  It takes everything for me to not drive there daily and get a lemonaide.  So good!!
Ok we all know this is about as good as it gets when it come to a piece of chicken between two piece of bread. Tasty!.  This location is brand new and for some reason doesn't seems as busy as most, at least not yet.  Only complaint is there's only one entrance to the parking lot which is on 44th street heading north.
WOW!!!  Awesome food. We drove all the way from East Mesa for the sweet tea. We came in on Saturday for lunch. I got the Cobb salad with the apple cider dressing and it was Awesome!!!  It was actually packed and not fluff to look full. The sandwiches, nuggets and of the tea was YUMMY!! Yumm yumm.
If I'm having fast food this is the place.  Classic chicken sandwich, waffle fries, and a lemonade! Yum!  So glad they are expanding and I don't have to drive so far when I have a craving
I don't know what's up with this location, but the order accuracy (via the drive-thru) has gone in the crapper!  Not once.  Not twice.  But the last FIVE times has our order been wrong (which a few of the times we discovered after we got home)!  

The manager has tried to make amends by giving food vouchers.  Doing this is great if your workers make mistakes every once in a while.  But the fact that this has happened the last 5 times tells me that this is happening to A LOT of customers.  And J and I cant be the only customers that have voiced our displeasure.  Which means that they're giving out a lot of free food cause the people (kids) behind the counter cant get their act together. 

I think I'll stick to just getting lemonade from here for a while.  Though I may not ever do that as they even almost screwed THAT up last week.  

I order 2 lemonades - 1 diet and 1 regular. The girl at the window tries giving me 1 lemonade and 1 dr pepper.  I tell her I didnt order a dr pepper.  She says, are you sure?  I have to show her my receipt (that she had just handed me not even 30 seconds prior) and prove to her I ordered 2 lemonades and not a soda and lemonade.  SMH  FAIL!!!

Funny - All the times we've gone to the Riverview CFA, we have never had an issue with order accuracy.  Maybe we'll just have to start going back to that location.  And seeing as it is at least a 15 minute trip, we'll end up saving $$$ by not having the convenience going to the one that's in our backyard.
Busy at lunchtime with a variety of ages of customers. Nice play area for kids. Parking is an issue as the cars lined up for the drivethru make it impossible to park on one side of the parking space. Entrance only on 44th...can't be accessed from Indian School Rd. Service is good and quick. Appreciate that they always bring food out to you. Quality food with good portions. Wish they had a drink station to refill your own cup.
Food is good as always, but I am left wondering why the praise music is only instrumental versions when I sat down to have my lunch.. I was to hear lyrics, it's one of the reasons I dine there, helps me find my center.
I am not a fan of fast food - not to be pretentious because we all have our vices. I happen to prefer to indulge in sweets, like cake and candy and sometimes ice cream. My kids and I often go to McDonald's (or as they call it, "the ice cream store") to eat vanilla cones. And then I sit on my phone and read E!News while they crawl through the tunnels.

They wanted to go to a "new ice cream store" today so we went an extra mile to Chick-Fil-A.  I ordered our typical cones and then my 4-year old son blurted out that he wanted chocolate.

Well, of course the only soft serve option is vanilla. I had a brief flashback of  the good old days when McDonald's offered chocolate soft serve....and even better, my personal favorite, swirl.

So, I asked if they had any chocolate syrup because we would take some and she said no, they could not do that.  But then a man from behind her said, "yes, we can. we can blend some up."

And that is exactly what he did!  Our first 2 vanilla cones (that we ordered and paid for) were delivered to us promptly.  And  then a few minutes later, a huge cup of chocolate ice cream was delivered to us as well.  And it had a large cone sticking out of it.

I felt like I needed to pay for it, but he said absolutely not.  And whatever this chocolate concoction was, it was really really good.  Like a Frostie, and maybe even better.

I am not sure of the last time I got such good customer service, although I am sure that it was not a fast food established.   So 5 stars to  them for delivering something that was not on the menu (and for no cost!) to make a kid happy.  And the very clean play area, free from the stench of urine, was just the icing on the cake.
Ohh why do you always forget my chick-fil-a sauce. You batting .200 with my chick-Fil sauce. I love it so and you always forget. You say "Chris why don't you just look in the bag" because I got looked in my eye by the man with the tie and he said "yes" it's in the bag. It's never in the bag. I munch my fries and chicken club with such sadness when u forget my chick-fil-a sauce. It's all I can think about in my ride home. I say to myself "I bet they forgot my sauce" Waaaaaa. I cry and go to bed so unsatisfied. But I keep coming back for that most amazing Tang. I think I've gone insane and I'm starting to think they keep it out of my chicken bag in purpose!!
I was sent to this location to order food for my office's lunch break and it was personally my first time ever being in a Chick-Fil-A. I have never been a big fan of chicken until then. Right away the customer service was excellent. The girl that helped me made my 5+ different orders extremely easy and I didn't feel rushed like I do when I go to other places, which was nice considering I was new to the place. I waited for the order a reasonable amount of time and was headed back to work quickly! The order was near perfect as they only forgot a honey mustard for one of the orders. I am now a loyal Chick-Fil-A customer and will definitely return on my own time. Thanks for the awesome experience!
Customer service here is impeccable.  My boyfriend and I are always pleased by the impeccable manners and service of the staff!  Great job!
I was so excited to try this place out. I came here for dinner and it was grand opening. When we enter the staff was just sitting and one of them got up to assist up.  This place is clean and the staff was friendly. Very patient as we decided on what to order. I'm a huge fan of chow fun (fried thick rice noodles) so I went ahead and order that. My friend order sweet and sour chicken. Our food came out and timely manner. My noodles were very tough are hard to chew.  Which is not good start. They're suppose to be soft. Ugh I never had a bad chow fun. But I will go back and try it again. Might be their first day so well see. Beside that it was good. My friend like the sweet and sour chicken but he didn't like how it was prepared. They serve it with the sauce on the side. He preferred it came already sauced up. The price was great about $10 and under. They had a few dishes that were $10 and above. They also do lunch specials until 4pm. I will definitely try it again.
Great lunch special! 

I was excited for the opening of this place, and was not let down. All in all it really is just a very standard chinese restaurant, but it is very tasty. I have tried the orange chicken and lemon chicken for the lunch special and both were good. I requested Orange beef on the special , but they would not do it. Which to me is confusing because they have beef plates, and orange chicken on the special. Why not combine them? That so far has been my only disappointment. I also really enjoy the chow-mein.

The staff has been very nice so far. I will say that there is an older gentleman who worked there that has been there both times that I have visited that was very awkward. He just sat across the room from us with his head in his hands looking angry. SOO I dont know whats up with that, but ohwell. 

They are not quite 5 star. Nothing out of the ordinary for a chinese place. It is still a great place to get lunch or dinner though.
I was hoping this place would knock it out of the park. There are not many options like this that are as close to mi casa. Wife and I walked in and sat to read the menu. Nobody came over to us or greeted us so after a few minutes I went to the counter. The girl working took our order and was very nice. The food was ready in about 10 mins and we were given free "egg rolls". That was a nice gesture and I was grateful but they were not good at all. They have plenty of options so I will be back for some other types of dishes.

-Chicken and Broccoli-not bad. I ordered extra chicken and there was plenty of broccoli. I would order again
-Sweet and Sour Chicken- your average dish you would get anywhere. It was a nice portion
-Crab Rangon- these were my favorite. Very creamy and not a lot of onions
-Fried Rice- just mediocre, on the bland side
This place is amazing. Their chicken wings were cooked perfectly, and tasted fantastic. For a small, catering, takeout, delivery restaurant you would think this place would be really bad. But boy, was I wrong. Their menu was huge, with more than 70 dishes plus their specials and catering food! Their service is great, the staff were kind, and checked on us to see if we were doing okay. Most takeout places do not ask that. I even noticed they had half of a crispy roast duck, wow! Most orange chicken I've ever had was sitting out in the open (Panda Express). This orange chicken was freshly cooked. Hot, juicy, and flavorful. I know where I'm going Saturday to eat! Keep up the good work!
I MUST BE HONEST, I MUST CHANGE MY PREVIOUS REVIEW...after about 8 months or so of being open China Wan Wan is not now what it was when I first stopped in back in January...I've ordered from there a few times over the months and it's gotten progressively not so good...a couple of months ago I ordered the Honey Walnut Shrimp, (which interestingly is not on the website menu now), and I got a slight case of food poisoning! Thank goodness I had only eaten 1/2 of the order...the next day I took the other half back and they gave me 1/2 of my money back...I thought I would give them one more try and the other day I ordered the Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings again and they were nothing like the first time months ago when they first opened, they took a long time to prepare and they tasted like they were old and had been cooked a couple of days ago..very strange...AND NOW, just the other day I was driving by and they've hung a HUGE cloth sign over the front of the place, "NOW OPEN" ...Wow, they've been open for a while, why the "NOW OPEN" sign?...anyway, sadly, no more China Wan Wan for me.
Finally, a Chinese restaurant outside of Chinatown worth going to. not to mention I only live 5 minutes away. here's what we ordered: ( crab rangoons, egg drop soup, salt n pepper wings, Szechuan beef and roast duck ). I give hole in the wall spots a try atleast once because you just never know and I'm glad I found this place. it's clean and they have friendly staff. Food came out fast and everything tasted good. little refinements here and there and this place will blossom.
This place is legit ! I've had the sesame chicken , lemon chicken which is made different , sweet n sour pork , and egg rolls all delicious
First thing I noticed was the restaurant was very clean and the staff was very attentive. I got the #19 Combination Chow Mein which tasted great.  I also tried their Mango Bobs which was delicious. Definitely a place to check out!
I am so impressed with how good their food is. So far ive tried the orange beef, shrimp w/lobster sauce, combination fried rice, hot & spicy chicken, and hong kong style crispy noodles...everything i mentioned was DELICIOUS! And best part of all is they deliver to my house:)
I saw this place was officially open after a not so pleasant experience at Pizza Hut next door.  I decided to give them a try for lunch since I work from home and need something quick. I ordered the lunch special with orange chicken, fried rice and noodles.  I also added egg rolls and everything was superb!  Huge portions as always, and everything tasted great. Service was remarkable and the place was really clean.  I'll definitely be back since I live around the corner.
Just when you think they finally bring some good eats in the neighborhood :(  
 Service was good and fast.  We ordered multiple items from their menu and have to say they were all TERRIBLE...Panda Express Quality- if not worse.   Seemed items were prepared hours-weeks ago or even months ago...who the heck knows??? Everything we ordered lacked freshness, noodles seemed flat tasting-soggy , veggies not fresh, combo fried rice was like glue all stuck together with something that appeared to be shrimp.  Overall food lacked flavor, but our biggest complaint was nothing seemed 'fresh.  One would think with Chinese food things would be much more crisp and fresh...Oh well we tried...hope u don't waste your money ...
Come on now China WanWan...your spanking new....step it up !!!
Finally a Chinese restaurant that does NOT disappoint me....I'm from New England and been living in Vegas for 2 1/2 years now and nothing even comes close to our food back east but I can finally say I was very pleased by this place, I'm actually very happy I can finally enjoy some Chinese food!!!! (and its only a minute from home)
Too much styrofoam. They have no real dishes. Hot soup is in a styrofoam bowl. Egg roll are all doughy
The staff could have been friendlier.  We were greeted by "What do you want?"  The food was O.K.  We ate there and everything was in Styrofoam.   I was expecting some plates.  The price wasn't bad. I will give it another try.
I have been driving by this place for weeks now and finally I got to try this place out last night! I am so happy there's finally a great Chinese restaurant close by me. I ordered the salt and pepper chicken, shrimp pad Thai, and their Szechwan beef! It was delicious! The pad Thai was not as good as real pad Thai, but it was good enough to fill my expectations.  The place was very small but intimate. I like how you can see the chefs cooking your food and they have boba's!!! They also have lunch specials which is priced very reasonable!
Being stuck in an office were we rarely have the chance to eat outside food, delivery idea is awesome!!! plus in addition, you order online as a convenience. The delivery service is super fast. average has been about 20 minutes from confirming order.

Food is super hot when it arrives and boba is delicious!! I wont complain!!! Awesome!!!!
It's amazingly good. Three words. Fresh, fast, quality. No more review that it !! Go try out !!
Definitely happy I found this place on Yelp.

The restaurant is nice and clean, the service was good, and the menu is big enough to satisfy anyone's Chinese food craving. I should point out that this is an American Chinese restaurant in a strip mall on Boulder Highway in Hendertucky, those craving "authentic" should head into Chinatown. 

The food was prepared very well, came out very quick, not oily at all and I was happy that my 1 1/2 year old found somethings to enjoy :)

Ordered:
Cashew Chicken - I always order this extra spicy and they delivered as promised. Really enjoyed the flavor and the chicken/veggie ration was excellent. Could of use some more cashews.

Shrimp Mu Shu - If you like fried egg, then this Mu Shu will be right up your alley. Yes, there was plenty of shrimp, but instead of the rest being veggie filler there was a real good amount of stir fried egg.

Beef w/string beans - served in a black bean sauce which was nice and garlicky. Again, good meat/veggie ratio and this was one of the dished my little boy loved.

Hot & Sour soup: More flavor than some of the other places, the only way it could of been better is if it had a bit more seafood in it.

Egg rolls - A free bonus. They call them egg rolls, but if anything they were closer to spring rolls as they didn't seem to contain any meat. A little oily by nature, but they kept their crunch through the night, this was the other item my little boy really enjoyed.

We are definitely giving this place another shot, their half roast duck looks good and we really want to try their fried tofu dishes.
Decent Food. Good Customer Service.

We ordered the salt and pepper chicken wings and while they were tasty, it was like they added five spice seasoning to it and well, I just didn't expect that on Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings.

Beef Chow Fun is alright. My noodles were a bit too soft for me but it had decent flavor.

I ordered a shrimp dish and it was very plentiful with shrimp. I was actually surprised by how much.

What i love here is the taro boba. For $3 bucks and some change you get a very large drink. That makes my belly very happy. They also mango and strawberry flavor but I have yet to try those.

Overall, China Wan Wan is good to me. I will continue to order from them if chinese carry out strikes my fancy.
The fact that they are the only Chinese place in this neighborhood and they deliver kept me going back trying new things.  I was here opening day and have been back several times, each time hoping to find something better.  It is average at best and I am not a picky Chinese food eater.  I just thought nothing was great.  I keep trying new things but nothing has impressed me.  I am really surprised by all the good reviews.  I'm sure I will try them again and will update if the food gets better.
This is my third or fourth trip to the restaurant. I wanted some pork fried rice and asked that it be prepared with extra soy sauce as I like it dark. When I got to the car with it I found the aroma of fried rice from my childhood. OMG was it delicious...like that I would get in Gardena, Ca. long ago or in NYC. A great find! I will get this often and have referred family and friends there.
Delisous !!!! Near my house love that and best Chinese food in Las Vegas / henderson. I have gone a few times and it's great always. My hubby is from NYC and he loves it. He's very hard to please with Chinese food. Wonton soup is great as is sesame chicken.
Not only do I love saying this name, but their food taste amazing!  I grew up on Chinese Food so I won't be satisfied with just any wok fried entree. I did my usual test when eating at a new restaurant. I ordered shrimp fried rice and boy was it yummy! After I felt there was now some sort of trust built I ordered sesame chicken. Not every restaurant can make that delicious sweet sauce that coats EVERY bite, so I was very impressed with the deliciousness of the chicken.
I also ordered Mongolian beef. It was the MOST tender beef I've had in a very long time. Who wants Mongolian Jerky??!! 
This is a fairly new restaurant so I hope they not only stick around long term, but stay consistent in their cooking style. I love how they are in uniform and how the kitchen is exposed to the public. I've peeked at their ingredients being prepared and everything looks fresh in color, and chopped to perfection. Reasonably priced considering you pay a lot more at competitors, receive less, with mediocre taste. China Wan Wan is my new hidden gem.
This place should be called China 9 Wan Wan. This place was awful. After reading all the reviews I thought I would give them a try. Bad mistake, we ordered the Pad Thai and Egg Foo Young both were absolutely awful. We have eaten many Chinese places and Thai places, this place is just terrible. The chicken didn't taste like chicken, not going to say it was dog but it wouldn't surprise me. When you go in, one of the chefs just stands there as if this is a Bruce Lee flick and he is waiting for his next opponent to fight. Not friendly and the food was disgusting. DO NOT GO THERE... save yourself the trip and go to Bangkok 9 or china one. This is my first review and probably my last, I just had to warn my fellow citizens.
Been here a few times and ordered delivery, all times were quick, easy and pleasant.
Family oriented, friendly staff and decent food! Lots to choose from - few items my family and I have tried and liked are : Szechuan Beef, Vegetable Egg Foo Yung, Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings, Crispy Duck and Eggplant Tofu!
Some items need work but glad this place is really close by, if there's ever a need for delivery and/or Chinese food!
I have now come back a couple of more time and I have to say the staff is so friendly.  The food is really good.  I have had some food delivered and it came quick and was still really hot.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  Thanks China Wan Wan!
This place is 50/50. Some dishes are amazing and some are not really good. Fried wantons and crab rangoons are so good. The black bean fish fillet lunch special is really good to. I was expecting one or two pieces nd I opened it nd there were about 10 pieces. Really good deal. The chow mien nd fried rice is really generic though. It feels like it was frozen. Doesn't taste really good. The hot garlic chicken is also generic, the sauce is really watery nd that's what has the flavor and the chicken and vegetables and drenched into it . I'm guessing other dishes might taste amazing and it was a 50/50 experience. But overall for the price I was satisfied. Definately get the crab rangoons and fried wantons though. I'm going to go back after work just to buy some.
Chinese cuisine is my favorite food and good food in this cuisine is hard to find. I am from LA and we were just visiting for the weekend. I was craving Chinese food so bad, but I don't know the area. I looked at a few reviews and we chose China Wan Wan. Best choice I made that weekend, let me tell you. It is a quick food joint, not a nice sit down kinda place. Plates and other utensils are disposable, it is an order at the counter kind of spot. The staff was SO GREAT!!! This being our first time in, he was very quick to make sure that we had exactly what wanted, even if we didn't know how to order it. He suggested Mongolian beef, which was fantastic. It was spicy and flavorful, as it should be. We ordered an appetizer combo plate, which was fried deliciousness, chicken chow mien, fried rice and orange chicken. I have nothing to bad to say about any of it. My family ate family style, there were three of us, and we still had plenty of food left over. Pricing was cheap. For the quality of food we got and the amount we got, we got a fantastic deal. I can not wait to return!
Not bad! I ordered the Sisig and Chicken Adobo (but the girl gave me Menudo ). Sisig was not what I was used to. The pork and tomatoes were cut bigger than I've normally seen. Both were good. Not as good as Moms home cooking but good. I will definitely be going back to try more. Try it out and support our Filipino Community
Bautista's Filipino Kitchen goes by the acronym BFK, yes the very same BFK from Hawaii. Cool to see Filipino cuisine now in the Galleria food court! They have a good variety of Filipino favorites like Pinkabet, Diniguan, Pork Gisantes, Chicken & Pork BBQ sticks and Adobo. There's also some desserts like Halo Halo w/Ube ice cream listed.  Prices are pretty reasonable. You can choose ala carte or get 2,3 or 4 item combo plates. It's presented in heating warming trays. It's kind of turo turo style I guess since you do have to point to what you want. 
  
First visit:  I tried pancit and longanisa.  I like the mixture of pancit and vegetables, seasoned well. I can taste garlic. I love garlic. Longanisa was sweet and fatty but not too greasy when you cut into it. That's a good thing.  But while I did like both food items, temperature wise it was not hot, lukewarm at best. Even the white rice that came with the combo plate I got was just warm. I ended up throwing my meal after a few bites.

 
BFK was just into their 3rd day of their soft opening I learned afterwards and the employee I talked to said they'll start serving their cooked to order breakfast on the 9th. Cooked to order, now that I can go for!

Second visit: Wanted the Adobo Rice Omelette since the breakfast menu was up and it says served 'ALL DAY - MADE ON DEMAND'...well just not right now the employee said. Since it was going on the last hour (it was a little after 5pm mall closes at 6) the kitchen was shut down for the day, plus she was by herself. Well so much for MADE on DEMAND! ugh... She did suggest the adobo and rice already available, but I wanted a cooked to order item. Oh well.
 
Settled for the noodle plate of Pancit and 2 Lumpia.  At least this time I can see steam coming up from the warming trays so I took it as a good sign my food will be hot this time.  It was warmer than before. Tasted alright. The noodles were slightly mushy and the lumpia wrapper wasnt crisp. I attribute it to being left on those warming trays too long. Ended up throwing my meal again after a few bites.

Don't get me wrong, the food tastes good, but I prefer cooked to order meals. It's a personal pet peeve of mine. I tried to like it. So take that into consideration reading this review.

Anyways staff was cheerful and friendly. The place appears clean. I do look forward to trying out that Adobo Rice Omelette and Halo Halo one of these days. Maybe the third time visit will be a charm.
me and a friend went there to Eat on feb 25 2014 and service was not so great. food was okay and  price of food was okay but I think its over priced for the portion of food they give you was way to little.
To pricey.. ordered spam masubi and Turon bites.. spam masubi the rice was to hard n I think the spam wasn't cook right. N the turon bite wasn't the turon I was expecting. .. so I give it a 2 for now..
What Filipino restaurant charges $7 for HaloHalo, really?! Red Ribbon is less than $5. Might as well go to Thelma's across the street.
because they got butthurt about my original review...
theyre overpriced and unsanitary(:
-goodluck eating there.
This is more of a rebuttal and a little update to Bautista's K (the owner?) review since I was mentioned in it.
 
----"As for Shirley B. - was very surprised to find this review redundant. As if it was to sabotage a business and give a review only on the 3rd day of "soft opening" -"----

Am I understanding this right? I am being accused of sabotage? I sure hope not.
 I cant take this unwarranted accusation lightly and feel the need to address it.
 
I normally do write ups after a first visit to new places but my review was based after a second visit (2/10) to this place a week and a half later, not on the 3rd day of soft opening (Jan 30) that Bautista K comprehended. .  Go over and reread my review again, 4th paragraph where I mention my 2nd visit.
  
As for redundancy, I cant help that since both visits when I ate there, temperature wise, the food was not hot enough. Which by the way is fact since it was reflected in SNHD inspection a day later coincidentally after my review was written. Update:  I'm happy Bautista's  took proactive steps and corrected it and now rockin the A grade.

For the most part my review was positive as I mention food tasted good, prices reasonable and friendly staff. Some people think I'm way too nice and too generous with the ratings I dish out. Sorry you take the overall review as sabotaging your business but I still stand by my original review.
 
I sure hope the accusation is just a misunderstanding. All who know me know I am a big advocate and supporter for businesses in our community and only want to see everyone succeed.  Even your business here in Vegas Bautista K!  Happy to hear you are doing great with all the new dishes I see you are now offering  and possibly look forward to trying them one of these days.
Horrible! Don't waste your money! Halo halo was not even sweet not to mention over priced. Ordered siopao, and it had pieces of paper stuck to it. Will never eat here again.
Since the closing of Elena's, my husband and I were excited to hear of this place opening up. We went there this weekend and got a adobo fried rice omelette and kimchi. It was the worst we have ever tasted! It was so bland with uncooked chunky cut green onions. The adobo didn't taste like adobo and was really dry. We tried to eat it all but just couldn't. As for the kimchi, it was good and totally store bought. We were hoping it was homemade. Very disappointing. Usually we would give most restaurants another try but it was just too bad. =(
Ordered 2 item combo. Got pork adobo, pancit and one grilled chicken skewer. The only semi decent part of the order was the pancit. It would have been better but it was semi cold just like the adobo. The adobo wasn't good. The meat was very hard and really had no flavor. Plus it was very salty. I make adobo at home and mine is super soft. Just melts in your mouth unfortunately theirs was the opposite of that. What really angered me was I also ordered grilled chicken. The problem is they only make it when it's ordered. I had already eaten my meal and I was still waiting for this chicken. When I got it twenty minutes later it was four tiny pieces and one of those was a chunk of fat! I guess if you're super desperate for Filipino food at least give this place a try but for sure stay away from anything that's grilled. Also don't bother with the boba, theirs a wait for that too.
My expectations are usually fairly low when eating in a mall food court. Decided to give this place a chance and wasn't disappointed. 

I ordered a mini bento box which was actually plenty of food. I was surprised to find the amount of flavor in the dish. You could tell that it was prepared with care and had a wonderful presentation.

Reasonably priced- overall enjoyable. Nothing special though.
It was around 6 pm dinner time and they were out of a lot of food.  I then decided to order something from the "anytime" menu which is mostly breakfast sfuff.  I figure I can wait for them to cook something from the "anytime" menu.  Well, the lady working said they weren't serving anything from that menu at that time.  Wtf????  Why do you have that on your menu then???  Get it together!!
Poor food and grumpy service. The Hawaiian BBQ place here previously rocked. Save the upset tummy and head over to another option like Kyklos Greek.
Overprice, small portions and the poor young girl had no idea what the food was nor what was on it.. Sad because it tasted ok for local 671/808 chow ....
A Filipino place at the mall? Cool! Overpriced and funky tasty food? Not so cool.

Really, who pays $6 for boba? I mean, that has to be pretty damn good boba for that price... Anyways let me tell you my beef with this place.

My mom, aunt, and cousin were craving halo halo and this was the closest thing to home besides Thelma's (which we aren't particularly fond of). There was only one worker there that day so I can forgive her for taking a long time for making the halo halo at least. The results were... well... Disappointing. The halo halo had no taste. I don't know how that was possible especially with the amount of things in it.

10-15 minutes after we got the halo halo our boba was ready. My cousin ordered a strawberry milk tea and I got a green tea. The teas had flavor but they didn't taste anything like what they were suppose to be. I'm baffled that a premixed drink took so long to prepare yet didn't taste right.

My mom ordered pancit from here too and whoever prepared it perhaps got carried away with seasonings. Ick.

Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless they pick up their game.
Awesome chicken! Brand new store that is easy to access from the road and has the trademark great customer service!
Good chicken
Good waffle fries
Nice people but
Slow service (took 15 minutes to get food order inside on a rather slow day)

Plenty of little kids using pretty nice looking enclosed play area
Clean premises

On balance one of the better fast food options in the area
I've been enjoying Chick Fil A since I was a little kid. It is my go to restaurant when I choose to do fast food. I decided to stop by this new location for a breakfast burrito. Unlike all of my encounters at other Chick Fil A's, this time was different. I went in and ordered a breakfast burrito. Most of the time, I get my orders fairly quickly when I go to other locations, which is what is expected at a fast food restaurant. First, it took them 15 minutes to give me my burrito. When I received it, the inside contents were cold. So I asked if they could just heat it up, which would of been fine with me. The employee apologized and notified the kitchen staff. I overheard the kitchen staff questioning why it would be cold and how that was impossible. Nonetheless, they finally took it back. I waited an additional 15 minutes to get a new one. So at this point, I've been there for over 30 minutes just to get a breakfast burrito. After the 15 minutes went by I asked for my burrito. I was finally given a new one. This time, the chicken inside was cold, the cheese is not melted and there was NO EGG. I ordered a breakfast burrito and it had no egg?? I asked why and their answer was the kitchen has turned off the machine that makes the eggs since they are serving lunch now. You would think, it would be common sense that you tell the customer if you are out of something before you serve it to them. It's like when I order a burger and giving me a bun with tomatoes and lettuce only, then telling me they are out of meat. How is that even acceptable for a franchise that is known for their amazing customer service??? So finally an employee came over and apologized for their service. She continued to tell me that they are new and they are young kids, so they don't know what good customer service was. I also let her know that there is no reason for their service to be slow seeing that there are 6 employees working the front area and business was slow. She reported this back to an employee and they said out loud that they are short staffed and how they are unable to work efficiently when they don't have enough staff. If add anymore staff in that area, there would be no room to work efficiently. I looked in their lobby and there was one customer and some in line in the drive thru. Then another staff member came by to offer me another item since they don't have breakfast anymore. I ordered a sandwich this time. The person who came to ask me this forgot to put the order in, so that was an additional 10 minutes. At this point, I just wanted to see how bad my experience can get. I notified the manager and he offered me a free meal if I gave them another try at a different time. Least to say I will be taking advantage of this offer as I will not be returning to this location.I have 2 other locations close to me that I will give me the service that every paying customers deserves. I hope they can change their process there so they can be just like the other  Chick Fil A's that everyone loves.
Today is the second day I've gotten breakfast from downtow's newest fast food establishment. And I can admit, I'm a fan.I really like their biscuits. While I'm generally not a fast foodie, Carl's Jr will be a nice rotation. However, it is oddly located inside US Airways Center.
This Carl's Jr blows, we were there for Phoenix Comicon for all 4 days.
We went to this Carl's Jr for two days because we were swamped and didn't want to waste too much time on getting full meals to go.

The workers there expect you to order the full meals so they don't have to hit multiple buttons when you just want the burger itself. The first time I ordered for me and my group of vendors, the chicken tenders came out dark brown, to the point where if you left it in the fryer any longer, they would have burned. My burgers bun came to me burnt on the inside, but everything else seemed fine, but then again I had ordered meals for the rest while I just got the burger itself.

The second day, I ordered a Western Burger without sauce (sis wanted it that way, I have no idea what she was thinking lol), it came to us without sauce but also no burger patty! They had also switched out the chicken tenders I had ordered for someone else with a regular $6 burger (I'm assuming). Luckily the vendors didn't care since they were really hungry and I didn't over-pay on anything since $6 burger is more expensive than the chicken tenders.

I honestly have no idea how they could screw up so badly on our orders two times on two different days. Both days they weren't busy, and had enough staff. The second day I think the manager was working (she was the only one wearing regular clothes, not the uniform), and they still managed to screw up our order.

So if anyone goes to this place, make sure you double check your order is right, I don't think they can handle huge orders or even the lunchtime rush correctly, and it's a huge shame because I really like Carl's Jr a lot, just not this location.
I very rarely give one star reviews but this place is taking forever. 

it's been 25 minutes from one hamburger!!!
Not really big on fast food, but had to try the new Carl's Jr. in our neighborhood.  The signage could use some work...I think most people don't realize it is there and open.  The staff was friendly and the service was quick.  My food was to be expected for a fast food joint...low expectations, so you don't get disappointed.  If I am craving fast food, this will be the go to place since it is so close.  I imagine this place will be packed during sport events, concerts etc.