Came here when I was out visiting some folk in the desert and thought this place was ok. I don't really like fish and chips but they had plenty of options for me to chose from. I got the chicken strips and was a little disappointed. I kind of thought that a fish and chips place would also have good strips but I was wrong. I don't think that they were much better than something I would get at Jack n Box. I did however try one of my buddies jumbo fried shrimp. Mmmm good.
Lived in the valley my entire life...never once been to Pete's.  A couple of my co-workers begged me to go.  They praised how good it was..even have the bumper sticker on the wall of their cubical.  Fish tacos were actually REALLY good and the burger was large for a 1/3lb.  I was quite impressed.  I'll be going back!
Consistent quality and service.  Burgers and fish were both good.  Yummy!
This is the location I went to before I moved to WA, where Dick's Drive In is probably the equivalent, minus the fish. 3 stars because it's not stellar, but it's not bad. Reliable home of the Monster Burger, before Jack in the Box stole the name and put E Coli on the map. 

The service and food were always good and predictable, and I never got sick from eating at Pete's. A lot of 5 star joints can't make that claim.
I heard a lot about Pete's Fish and Chips, so had to give it a try. I went after work, however noticed in the drive thru line that it said "cash only" and no $50 or $100 bills. Unfortunately, all I had was a card on me, so just went home instead. Determined to try it, I went the next day and tried the Seafood Combo Platter that included 2 fish, 7 shrimps, and fries. The menu was very large and had various items. It was delicious for fast food seafood! The shrimp was huge, fish was large square-shaped, and the portion size was very large! It could easily be shared among two people. I was also happy to see that they had Horchata. I will definitely be back!
This location is CLOSED.
I love Pete's. I know, I know - you eat outside, you have to order tartar sauce and they only take cash. I love the food anyway. I've gone to Pete's since I was born. I love the red sauce that comes with the fish - it has a little bite to it. 

I only wish they would expand north. 

I'm addicted to Pete's.
The food is hot and the fish was crispy...that's about it. The fish lacked flavor. We decided to try the basics and if that was good we would try other items on the menu. The basics were fine, just didn't live up to the hype.
I was really excited when I saw this place one morning while I was on my way to a near by appointment. I Love fish and chips and the fact that this place specializes in this must mean its good right? Like any good little Yelper I checked out the reviews. Only 3, but a couple were really favorable. When I stopped by on my way out the parking lot was packed. Another good sign right? I walked up to the window to check out the menu posted above where you place your order. I was pleasantly surprised that the prices weren't that bad. I ordered the fish (1) piece, & shrimp (4) combo which came with fries and a drink. Plus for only 95 cents more I ordered something ala carte called a crabby. My total was about $8. I waited only about 5 minutes for the not so friendly lady at the window to call my number then took my bag of goodies to sit down and eat at one of the outside cement tables. I wish I could say it was good or bad but it wasn't. It really had no flavor at all. Not the fish, not the shrimp, not the fries and not the crabby which turns out to be a stick of imitation crab fried in the same breading as the fish and shrimp. One thing I can say is that it is very crispy and not greasy, although maybe that would have added a little more flavor. They don't serve tarter sauce either but instead the food comes with a spicy thinner than cocktail sauce sauce but it was a little too spicy for me to really enjoy. On a plus note they do offer real brewed iced tea.
Every now and then you've got to get your Omega-3 fatty acids, so there's your rationalization for chowin' down on some righteous deep-fried fish and chips at Pete's! I'm not a huge french fry nut, but there are some things that just go together... like peanut butter & jelly, gin & tonic, Tigger & Pooh.

I started my descent into addiction for Pete's Fish & Chips by ordering the Combo #2: Super Seafood Combo, and I have not deviated from it since. It's perfect... 2 pieces of fish (square), 7 pieces of shrimp (and these appear to be butterflied longitudinally, so they make an impressive fried shrimp "stick" perfect for dipping), 3 cups of Pete's Sauce and a 32-oz. fountain drink. You don't think you will need three 2-oz. cups of the red sauce, but once you start dippin', you will understand the dark appeal of Pete's sauce chemical dependence. My best guess is that Pete's sauce is ketchup + vinegar + sriracha, but what I indeed know is that it is addictive. I actually like to double-dip in tartar sauce and then Pete's sauce (tartar costs extra). I don't know if that makes me a double-dippin' freak or if I am the member of an as-yet unidentified Pete's patron subculture.

If you haven't gotten your fishy-fish on at Pete's and you want to know what all of the underground hype is all about, you gots to get over here and sample the goods. The batter is crispy and delicious every time, and you will be surprised at how much traffic pours through this side-of-the-road parking lot/food court. Judging from the sheer volume of customers (and at a cash-only place, at that) they must be doing something right!
Like another reviewer here, I was very excited to try this place out. I travel to Phoenix several times a year and I always saw the place on my way to the rental car return. There are always lots of cars going through and while I waited for my order I noticed tons of cars rolling through. These are usually good signs for an eating establishment.

Imagine my disappointment when I realized that folks in Phoenix don't know what fish and chips are. I was expecting real fish and chips, not some odd square facsimile of fish. Fish filets are NOT square. If i had wanted this I could have just gone to Long J. Silvers or Captian D's. I'm not saying I'm a fish and chips aficionado but I've eaten fish and chips all over the country and this is NOT fish and chips. Go have some fish and chips in New England (anywhere in NE) and you'll find out what fish and chips should be.

 I'll admit that the sauce is good and if I had some real fish and chips to dip it in, I'd enjoy it even more. I can only chalk this up to a regional thing but I'll definitely give this place a pass the next time I'm in Phoenix.
I've eaten a Pete's off and on over the years and always thought they had pretty good food.  If you're looking for traditional "fish and chips", they way they serve it back East, you might be disappointed; however, if you're open to trying something new, you might be pleasantly surprised.  

The real action at Pete's is in the fish and shrimp.  I'm not a big fan of their fries because I like  more McDonald's like crispy fry.  The key to their success has got to be the sauce, which I think is the best in the business.

One last thing, if you go to Pete's understand that Pete likes cash and doesn't take credit cards.  Yes, it's a pain, but the non-greasy food is going to be worth the hassle.
I am a huge seafood fan. I grew up going to places similar to this. Nothing fancy. The difference to me is the prices here are high for what you get and the Shrimp was awful. Their breading is unusually thick (about half the shrimp piece was breading). I did like the fish and the service was good. I also was expecting hushpuppies and grits for the price. Will I go back. Maybe, but I will only order the fish. It's too bad, because Phoenix could use a GOOD cheap Seafood place.
this place has been here for years and though I've lived in Phoenix all of my life I just started eating here about a year ago. I was kind of leery about trying it out. It's not in the best neighborhood and I figured the seafood couldn't be all that good considering this is the desert. 

Knock Kneed is a hole in the wall, but it's a great little hole in the wall. I usually get the shrimp platter with a side of fried okra and hush puppies. 
If you like hush puppies this place has the best! I often just want to go there simply for the hush puppies. 

I got my coworkers hooked on this place and we usually get lunch from KKL once a week and we don't work close to this place either. It's usually a 30 minute trip there and back, but worth it.
I went to the Knock Kneed Lobster for the first time yesterday and I have to say I was very impressed. If I wasn't with someone who knew the place I probably wouldn't have stopped here let alone been in this neighborhood.
I had the 2 fish/1shrimp and chips, The fish was flaky and good as was the shrimp. I also tried the fried Zucchini and the fried okra, both were crispy and not greasy at all. I am a fan and will be back.
Um, hello, this place has been open for over 60 years.  On that fact  alone they receive 5 stars from me.

Do they have some magic type of fryers that no one else in the world has? I think so because I honestly couldn't tell my meal was fried at all. 

I had the fish, shrimp, and chips combo and every item was crispy, light, and as ungreasy as fried food can get.  

The interior is old and outdated for sure and it's totally in the "hood" but who cares.  Darn good fish and chips IMHO.  

---PS, they have one of those pump thingies of ranch on their condiment bar so even if you don't like your meal just cover it in good old American ranch dressing.     Ranch makes everything better!
Went there tonight with the hubby, after reading the reviews here. The parking lot is very dark and the place is not in a very good area (there's 2 strip clubs across the street- towards the front and to the side). 

The fish was flavorless, the shrimp tasted weird and the breading was ok. The hush puppies were the best! Service was ok, we had to wait about 5 mins, before anyone noticed us. 

Not sure we'll come back any time soon.
Strange...the reviews seem to be all over the place  for this the best seafood joint in town.  I think their 60 year operation speaks for itself.  I've been a semi-regular for years now and love their fish.  It's the best breading I've ever tried.  Almost as important as the fish, to me, is you must have good tartar sauce.  If it's crap you can have the best fish and you've still lost me as a customer.  KKL does it right....best, freshest fish and the best tartar in town.  A few have mentioned that it's not in the best neighborhood.  What does this really mean?  Does location have some effect on a restaurants ability to cook food?  Or does your concern for it's location say more about you...
This is the best fish and chips in the valley, hands down. Don't risk the stomach ache of going to Pete's Fish n Chips; come to Knock Kneed and you most definitly will be more than satisfied.
I drive by this place every day on the way home from work.  So after reading good reviews I decided to try it.  After a dinner of fried everything I think I will need a cardiac exam.  I had fried fish and shrimp and fries.  My daughter had popcorn shrimp.  My dad had fried okra and fried zucchini.  We all shared.  The zucchini was good, I like their batter, but I would have preferred thicker slices of zucchini.  I'm not afraid of having an actual vegatable.  The fish was ok but  I had better at Gordon Biersch.  Sorry, I usually prefer the local guy just on general principle, but this one isn't it.  The fries were not great the shrimp was so heavily breaded that I couldn't taste the shrimp and the popcorn shrimp were all bread.  We did get a side of coleslaw that was as good as any I've had from the Safeway deli.
I've been meaning to give this place a try for some time now, and today was able to actually leave the office and have lunch outside of the office. This is new for me, as the past 2.5 years I was stuck eating in the office.

Once you walk in, you place your order with one of two employees and wait for your number to be called. I ordered the 2 piece fish and chips and  was number 510. There was a bit of a wait, which is fine because the fish is fried fresh and served hades hot. The fries were standard, but the fish was fantastic. I found the batter to be light and crispy; the fish was flaky and moist. A cornucopia of dipping sauces awaits at KKL, but I stuck with the Lousianna Hot Sauce and malt vinegar. There's also ketchup, cocktail sauce, ranch and a few others.

We were fortunate to get there shortly after 11 a.m. before the crowd came in waves.

The nautical theme is kitchy and inviting in a way that reminded me of something that might fit into Sponge Bob's world. I'm looking forward to many future returns.
Have known this place has been around for quite some time and have always said that we needed to try.  Well, finally had a chance to do so and I must say I was pleased.  Now I'm thinking what took so long?

Ordered the 2 pc fish with chips.  The fish, nice sized pieces of cod, with a nice and crunchy coating was delicious.  My friend's son, who's 13 and just released from hospital wanted to go to lunch, got the 2 pc fish, 2 pc shrimp and chips.  The shrimp were large sized and he enjoyed it tremendously.  I was surprised he ate almost everything.  

Though we live in Goodyear, will definitely be going back for more.
Had the 2 pc. fish & chips. Fish was very fresh. Batter was good and crunchy. Fries we ok because they were fresh, but underwhelming. The cole slaw was pretty much like what you buy at the deli counter. My friend had the fish and chicken tenders. Skip the chicken. Overall I was expecting a bit more from most of the reviews.
I only went to this place once but can't wait to go again when I am in that part of town.  It's a little bit of a drive for me.

The fish was excellent-- the best I can remember eating..  So was the tartar sauce and cocktail sauce and hushpuppies.  I went with a large party and we all had our food quickly and everyone liked their food.

You order at a window and then are called when your order comes up but it doesn't take long and your food is served hot out of the fryer.

It's in a little bit of an industrial part of town but I guess that's because they have apparently been there forever!  When I have visited a few more times I expect to bump it up to 5 stars.
This is possibly the weirdest place in Phx.  It is in a strange location, in a strange building that seems to have a drivethu menu but no window, and um...no lobster on the menu.  I ordered the shrimp with a side of hush puppies.  The shrimp had been sliced in half to the tail so that they could be fried as long sticks.  This was a little odd for me and left me with quite a few bites that were more breading than shrimp.  The hush puppies were pretty good though.  I don't think I'll be going back here but I'm glad I tried it.  It was quite an experience.
I always used to laugh at this place as we rode by on the LR, and I still laughed at it when we drove there in the car.  Inside the building is a fun mish mash of tacky accessories and nautical theming.  I kind of loved it.  

This is a really no nonsense type place with a pretty solid menu in terms of offerings.  Strangely enough, I saw no lobster on the menu until we left.  At that point I discovered a sign that advertised a new menu item, lobster!  Too bad I missed it.  Instead, I went with the shrimp platter which came with 4 jumbo shrimp that were cut in half and then fried in one long strip, and 2 sides.  I picked the hush puppies and fried mushrooms.  The mushrooms were pretty good, but could've used some more salt.  The hush puppies were absolutely killer!  I could eat a ton of those!  The shrimp I didn't really like at all.  Something happened to them during the cooking process that turned them all rubbery like clams.  I wasn't sure I was eating shrimp.  

In any event, I really liked my side dishes and would like to give their clam chowder a try... and eat some more hush puppies.  Maybe if I am lucky I can come back on a cold day and get some chowdah!
My Sister-in-law's mom forces her and my brother to take her to Knock Kneed Lobster every time she comes into town from Baltimore.  We met up with them .

2 piece fish and shrimp w/chips.  They even have pasta for the vegetarians!  The Mizithra Cheese Pasta was WAY WAY WAY better than The Spaghetti Factory!  We got a side of hush puppies...SOOOO YUMMY!  

WAY WAY WAY better than Pete's Fish and Chips (which is still good).

There is only 1 problem ... no Diet Coke ....Pepsi products :(
Since I recently moved, I pass this restaurant on my way to work every day. I decided to take my husband there and try it out after reading the many positive reviews on this website. We hoped the food would be just as good as a restaurant that has also been around for many years in our Colorado hometown where they serve fabulous shrimp, chicken and french fries. I have to say that, although there were many happy people eating here and the staff was incredibly friendly, we didn't think the food was good at all. My husband had fish & chips, and I had shrimp. The breading was SO thick and grease-laden, you could hardly taste the fish. Really unhealthy. Sorry, but we won't be back.
For the past 15 years or so, I have been a satisfied and happy customer of KKL.  I absolutely love everything about Knock Kneed.  The fish is among the best that you will find in the Phoenix area.  I am also a big fan of the okra.  

The ambiance here is also quite enjoyable.  There is plenty of seating inside the restaurant and the nautical themed decorations make it one of a kind.

You can't go wrong here!
Love their fried fish with fries and the endless supply of ranch. Oh sooo good! The price is right, the service is ok. There's room for improvement. Call in your orders during rush hours.
This place is a bit rough around the edges, but worth the adventure.  They have really good fried food, especially the shrimp.  The prices are decent and they have a bunch of different sauces.  My suggestion is to mix the Louisiana hot sauce with the ranch.  Employ that for all of your dipping delights.  If you are health-conscious or looking for a nice place to eat, then this might not be the place for you.  If you down for greasy goodness in a low-key setting, then this is where you should dine.
After months of passing this place and wanting to try their food, we finally made it to KKL.  What we weren't expecting from this place was the very pricey menu for fish, shrimp and chips (french fries from a bag, I'm sure)!  The shrimp was different and tastey, I had 4 pieces with chips and also a side of mushrooms.  Chris had clams, chips and a side of cole slaw and of course we ordered the hushpuppies which everyone raves about.  This meal was close to $30 dollars!   Some people may feel that isn't bad for lunch at a seafood place, however for the area the food, which isn't like just from the ocean, it's from a bag - it's way too much money and your gut will feel like a grease pit after eating here!

My advice, skip this place if you can!
Very tasty place to eat.  They have really good tartar and cocktail sauce.  Im good with a 1 piece fish and 2 piece shrimp & chips meal which doesnt cost much at all.  Then when you're all done, head across the street to the topless bar ;)
Got a craving for fish and chips? Best place in town I think. Great Fish and Shrimp.
I haven't eaten here for many years (decades).  Was looking for a place simiilar to Skipper's Fish & Chips (NW - Seattle) chain.  Was hoping that I could find the fish similar; it is the breading is very simlar to what I remembered; since I used to work there in the 70's; early 80's...Tried the seafood platter, Clam strips were good, coleslaw was fresh and not overly sweet; fries were fresh and didn't taste fishy; but the fish, the fish is what will bring me back again & again.
REVISED - Okay, this is becoming a staple in my diet.  Have been there probably once a week for the past 5-6 weeks!!!
After driving past this whole in the wall countless times, I finally went in & tried in. I got a piece of fish and the rocky point shrimp cocktail.  For the fish, fried is fried and the batter wasn't anything special. It definitely needed salt.
   But I'm a sucker for a good Mexican shrimp cocktail or ceviche & knock kneed didn't disappoint. It was flavorful & not too spicy. Decent portion that was full of shrimp.  
Knock Kneed would not be first on my list for fish & chips but I'd go back for the non-fried
I thought Knock Kneed was pretty good.  Although a bit pricey for what you get, I think the ingredients are pretty quality.

What I did notice about the fish is that it doesn't taste super fishy.  Not sure if that's good or bad for you but for me it was great.  I'm not a person who really likes much seafood as I feel it's always too fishy for me.

I got a combo with two pieces of fish.  The breading was outstanding and the hush puppies were dynamite as well.  I'd probably go back just for the hush puppies.  

The condiment bar is a nice touch as well.  You can get all the cocktail sauce, tartar sauce, hot sauce and malt vinegar you want.  Love it.  I got all those.

The cole slaw was pretty decent.  I'm 'A-OK' with this place but I'll probably have to make another visit before I up the star quotient.  

Ambience,..?  Uh...it's alright.  I like the open window lighting.  But the 'hood aspect of the location gets five stars from me.  Two strip clubs within walking distance.  Well, allllright.

Pretty good.
I am a big fan of Knock Kneed Lobster!

It really is a dive, but Jeannie behind the counter is one of the kindest people I have ever met in food service.  We had the King Crab Legs for only $15.95 with 2 sides.  Most of the side choices are deep fried, but the were all hand breaded and prepared when ordered. NO frozen and fried side orders here like most every other place you go.  This no-frills "joint" prepares each meal for the customer as they arrive.  I doubt that they even own a heat lamp.  Oh BTW...  Our meal was GREAT!  I shall return!
A no frills joint I have been patronizing forever. Almost forty years. Ouch!! Sounds odd to say/write it. I love this place. Seriously, only once did I have a "bad" order. It's always been great and my Zucchs or Shrooms (I always substitute the fries) are always large/plump.

In all the years I've been eating at KKL it has never been greasy, save the fact it is deep fried. You know the kind, after you're done eating there is a pool of oil left behind. The batter has never changed, perfectly dry, so for me great. I get what expect. Tasty food, a little high in price but come on; we're not coastal....
My hubby has been begging me to go here with him for a couple of years now. We finally went last night. Nice hole in the wall spacious fried fish joint. Prices are okay. I went with the Large fried shrimp and chips, side of coleslaw (which is huge) and hubby went with fish and chips and hush puppies. The whole meal cost about $20 including a drink. It was okay.  a little under seasoned if you ask me. Will I be returning?  not quite sure. Maybe try the clam strips next time. Wasn't impressed and might even give it less than 3 stars. I was being a Little generous.
I can not give my opinion on the fish cause I only get the shrimp cocktail and hush puppies. I just can't get passed it. I have to order them. If my view on the menu is limited then so be it. As far as the shrimp cocktail and hush puppies are concerned. I love this place.
Do I really have to give them even one star? 

In the area so i dropped in for a quick lunch.  Had the shrimp plate with fries. Here goes:
1.  The prices are outrageously high considering location, restaurant decor and quality of food. You cannot have lunch here for less than $11 unless you order one shrimp.  Any local chinese buffet will give you shrimp for a lot less than that.
2. My shrimp looked like long barrels rather than a shrimp shape. This is due to the fact that they cut the shrimp in the middle and almost split it to make it look longer.
3.  The shrimp had too much batter.  At one point the "shrimp"( what was left of it after I took a bite), came out and the "barrel of fried batter" was left
4.  The french fries were from a bag --frozen.
Being from the East Coast, I know what fresh seafood tastes like. This is NOT it folks.  This place makes Long John Silver seem like a 5 star restaurant and it's a lot cheaper too.  
It is an outrage as a "restaurant".  All they do is fry up every piece of seafood that YOU can buy frozen at CostCo or Sam's.
Don't do this to yourself.  When you are in the area and hungry, go to the Jack in the Box across the street or some other fast food place. You'll be better off. 

and.... I cannot believe that the people who gave this place 4  and 5 stars are for real. They have to be the relatives of the owners.  There is no other explanation.
we try to come here whenever we are in the area as hubby use to work by here and use to come once a month or so.
the fish is awesome and so is the french fries!!
i did need to reorder a piece of fish as some meat in it but they took good care of us!!
there were 3 of us and the bill was $30-little pricy but we cant find a fish fry that tastes as good as this.
atmosphere is older but the food is good!!
try it you just might like it!! :)
sandy :)
Total Dive. If I had just stumbled upon it randomly, I would've just walked right back out, but my friend raved about it. Fish and Chips are great. Shrimp cocktail is amazing. My husband really likes the hush puppies but I'm not a fan. Prices are a little high but its seafood, to be expected. I like the cheesy decor and shady location.. Makes it more of a word of mouth joint.
Best fried clams in Phoenix.
Knock Kneed Lobster is a classic standby that offers damn decent fried fish n chips. It beats Pete's and Pirates by a mile (but god do I hate Pete's) and the fish is freshly breaded in the back, fried to order: not frozen hunks of prefab awful.

The breading is very crisp and the fish flakes apart and is quite tasty with a generous dose of salt and lemon. The fries are basic, run of the mill fries, but they do the job.

I used to love Sullivan's Pier in Mesa, which was the family's Mesa location, because they had this legendary coconut shrimp and tropical sauce. Sadly, both are missing at KKL, though their other offerings are good.

You're definitely at a dive; that's part of its charm, I suppose, but it is what it is. It's also just a buck or two more than you might expect to pay for a fish n chips lunch, but it tastes fresh and good and I'm alright with that.
You dont go here for the decor you go for the made to order fish and Chips they are fantastic and I am very particular about my fish n chips! There is Tartare sauce for you fish, Malt Vinegar for your Chips.
Amazing!  Found this place on way back of Pueblo Grande Museum.  Fried fish and everything else at its best.  Packed with Friday lunch crowd.  Took carry-out which was fast and hot.  Yummy!
Fish and chips was very bland. I like to have a little bit of flavor aside from the sauce that I put on but this fish didn't have it. It seemed fresh, just lacking. The fries were disappointing too. Probably won't be back.
It was busy, but I personally didn't like the thick corn breading.  There was very lirtle fish and a lot if bread on it.  Taste was ok.  Nit sure will go back
My friend and I read some ok reviews of this place and decided to give it a go. Not crazy about the location but I think for lunch you're fine. I got the fish and shrimp with fries. The service was friendly, the food served quick and hot. The tartar sauce was pretty good and the cocktail sauce was pretty good. The fish itself was a little bland but I think that I will give them a try again but this time I will add a little lemon. I hear good things about the clam chowder so I think I'm gonna order that next time too. Maybe I'll be updating this review.
Great place. I have been a customer going on 25 years. It's the only deep fried fish (outside of home) that I like. The shrimp cocktail is the best. The only complaint is the shape of the spoons they give you.
Pretty good, but we're still looking for that GREAT fish and chips place in the Valley. I'd say this one is slightly better than average. The breading stayed ON the fish, which is a plus and the fish itself was nice and flaky without being too oily. The breading was a bit bland though, even after being doused in lemon juice and malt vinegar. 
I tend to think $6 is a bit steep for one piece of fish and fries, but since I only had one piece of fish they seemed to just fill the rest of my plate with french fries. The fries weren't anything special, but they were good with malt vinegar and ranch dressing.
Definitely a dive in a divey neighborhood, but overall a solid 3 stars.
If you want good fish and chips this is the place. hand filleted  very light batter on the fish, fries are old fashioned not processed and frozen elsewhere. The only place that compares is Spud Fish and Chips in Seattle WA on Greenlake.

These are the best fish and chips in the World!
Just ok overall.  The hush puppies were OUTSTANDING.  Best I've ever had.  The fish, fries and zucchini lacked seasoning and were a bland - although I used some hot sauce to fix it.
I'm sorry, what? This place was the worst! First of all, it's a major dive in a thoroughly sketchy area (shares parking lot with really gross strip club and there's another one across the street.) The food is horrible! Horrible! Thick, bland, raw flour tasting breading with not a speck of seasoning to be found. $4.35 for a bowl of bad canned clam chowder. Fries were soggy and bland. Clams were bland as well, I've had frozen that were better. Cocktail sauce was even bland. Seriously, if you like eating at convalescent homes this is your place. Otherwise, look elsewhere.
Where is the negative 2 stars button?  

They take cheap fish, we assume they thaw it before throwing it on the floor for the flavor, and into the grease (which smells lovely by the way).

Then, they serve this bland, unseasoned "food" to you and laugh all the way to the bank.

No taste buds?  This is the place for you!  The last time I entered was was cuz purely by accident.  The next time will be duck hookers and bullets....  Never again on purpose.  There's not even any cats near their dumpster.  Animals have keen 7th senses.

They owe me $12 and 40 mins of my life back!  And ppl thought Pete's was bad?
Ate here on a Friday night with a friend. When I drove up, I was a little worried as the area is very questionable. There was a sketchy-looking fellow just sitting waiting in a big SUV in the parking lot, so right away I was a bit unnerved.
Once inside, I felt a little better. The place was busy which is usually an okay sign.

I ordered the 1 shrimp, 1 fish and chips combo. The shrimp was big and pretty good, the fish was your typical battered fillet without much flavor. I doused it in lemon juice and tartar sauce which helped a little. The fries could have been better. They kind of tasted like Ore-Ida fries from a frozen bag. So really the food part of the experience was just so-so at best, if not a bit bland. 

I do have a bone to pick with the presentation of the restaurant though. What's the story with the handwritten signs covering almost every empty space of the wall? 'Do this, don't do that..' it's like they are so afraid of being sued that they came up with every possible less-than-desirable scenario that could possible take place whilst eating out and made a sign for it. To me it just came across as grumpy management. And then there are the sub-par pixelated photos slapped on the back of the booths. It looks like they went to Kinkos, printed off whatever stock photo of a boat they found on Google and just stuck it to the back of the booths, stood back and said, "that works." 
As a person who can't stand clutter, all of this together made me want to eat my tasteless food as quickly as possible and get back to my car and drive away, hopefully without being assaulted in the parking lot by said thug in the SUV.

DO GO here if you are short on time, are on a budget and don't mind eating bland food in a cluttered chaotic restaurant, perhaps on your way to the ghetto strip club next door. DON'T GO here if you care about food and/or humanity.
The fish is above average, not great. The hush puppies however are amazing. They have a nice selection of sauces to choose from and premium beers are only $3.25!
Best fish and chips in the valley. Always fresh and they have plenty of great sauces for anything you order. Love the shrimp n fish and chips. A tad pricey but the quality makes it worth it. I've been there over 20 times over the years and never had a bad experience.
As far as basic fried fish and chips goes knock need has it down. Yes, it's a total dive hole in the wall and if you don't like the ambience get it to go.  Better than other local city chains.  They batter their own fish and if someone asked me where to go for good fried fish in the Phoenix area it would be Knock Kneed. Where they get the lobster part in their name I have no idea.
These people where not very nice . I don't normally waist time writing bad reviews on things I don't like. Something should be said .  This place was horrible !!!! Don't waist you're time or money.
I LOVE this place, dont let the ugly old building fool u! As a little girl, my mom would always bring me here when they were located in Mesa. When they closed down I was so upset because I loved the food! Then we found out they reopened again in a new location in Mesa, still and changed the name to Sullivans Pier. I must admit it was not nearly as good at all. That place also eventually went under. Then I dont remember how I found about of this location but Ive been here a few times and the food is AMAZING!! The chicken strips and fries is what I always order. I could remember they were still as good and tasty as they were when I was growing up, and all the sauces are excellent! The food is awesome! But I must say, the service SUCKS!! The girl who took our order was pretty rude. But it wouldnt stop me from coming for the food haha.
My grand parents came here back when it was called "lazy Lew's" back in the 50's. The place is a total dive but it's fitting and its in an industrial part of phoenix. However the food is great and so is their home made hot sauce
I am a big fan of Knock Kneed Lobster!

It really is a dive, but Jeannie behind the counter is one of the kindest people I have ever met in food service.  We had the King Crab Legs for only $15.95 with 2 sides.  Most of the side choices are deep fried, but the were all hand breaded and prepared when ordered. NO frozen and fried side orders here like most every other place you go.  This no-frills "joint" prepares each meal for the customer as they arrive.  I doubt that they even own a heat lamp.  Oh BTW...  Our meal was GREAT!  I shall return

----------------

Ok...  I returned...  Had the Grilled Lobster!  Never had lobster on a paper plate, but it didn't take anything away...  Two bites in and I forgot the paper plate and plastic "silverware". What a delicious treat!

-----------

I LOVE this "Hole-in-a-Wall"

The fish is what most people order...  So I tried it.  Another Winner!
fish and chips are bellow average. catfish has the same batter as the cod, zero seasoning and almost zero flavor.

they seem to use a high quality thick piece of fish and their service is decent plus the place is very clean so they get 3 stars. 

once again, this is a case of arizonans with limited exposure to good food over rating a place
We had a family lunch today. The staff allowed us to reserve (without advance notice) the back room. We all had a great lunch. It was everyone's first time (except the wife and me). Everyone really enjoyed what they ordered.  There was 17 of us (10 adults and 7 grand children).  I wish the whole family could have been there..
I had not in my 20 + years ordered or seen the hamburgers they serve there. They are huge!  A couple of us don't care for fish. Anyway they said the burgers were great.

Thank you Knock Kneed Lobster for a great lunch and for the great service and friendly atmosphere. You helped make a good memory.
The prices are good and the food is excellent. I love the fish and chips but the fried mushrooms are my favorite. It is a great place for the whole family.
Crappy food, servers seem like drug addicts. Crab legs are over priced, precut and frozen. Go elsewhere for seafood.
Last of a dieing breed, best old style fish and chips with a home made cocktail sause
Amazing food. Been here for years when they had Mesa location as well as Sullivan's pier too. It's too bad that closed. Well the fish is amazing. Just as you would find in the northwest. The hush puppies and zucchini are simply the best. You gotta try this place. Don't let the location scare you. It's next to Christies and Juicy Lucy's but completely worth it. Only thing I wish they had was homemade tartar sauce. The affiliated Sullivan's pier that used to be offered it for $.25 per one and it was fantastic.
This is my favorite place for some good ol' fish and shrimp and chips. I try to not over do it but, how can I not with all the awesome food on the menu? It always comes down to 2pc shrimp and chips, clam chowder, and fried zucchini. Some places love to charge for extra sauces. Not at Knock Kneed's, get as much ketchup, ranch, tarter, cocktail, and as much hot sauce as you please.
Really good deep fried fish that is breaded on the spot. Tastes fresh. Potato salad is very good.
I would give them 5 for their food but the sauces offered are horrible. Tartar and cocktail sauce are so easy to make. Don't get me started on the Ranch. The bottle stuff the offer brings down the whole experience because the food is really good!!! I will go again but bring my own sauce.
Very cool old place in the industrial part of town.  I wish it wasn't surrounded by two strip clubs (made for interesting conversation with young kids) but the food was pretty good, not greasy at all.
Don't let the name fool you. The star of the show here is the fish and chips. No shit.. BEST I've had in az. A little pricier than Pete's, but not oversalted, or nearly as tough. The fish is flaky, and believe it or not, wasn't gamey or even 'fishy'. I think they keep it divey to keep out the foodies. Shhh. It's a secret.
My fiance took me here the other day to introduce me to one of his fun childhood memories when picking family up at the airport. They would always stop in here to eat fish and chips. I walked in and thought the atmosphere was really cute and appropriate for the theme. We ordered up fish and chips and and waited just a few minutes. We went and got all our sauces and lemons then dug into some amazing fried fish! Great temperature, breading, seasoning you even got the French fries right. Way to go. I will definitely be back!  I thought the price was a little on the high side but it was delicious so...forgivable.
I have had Knock Kneed Lobster for almost 50 years. I love how fresh and "ungreasy" the fish is. The batter is very light and not loaded with salt. Many people commented that it was bland or flavorless--works for me! Much better to taste the fish! Lots of wonderful memories of my dad picking up Fish and Chips on Friday--especially during Lent. My dad turns 97 on Saturday and I am picking up lunch tomorrow (Good Friday) and sharing it with my dad! The shrimp and sides are great too. It is a dive and we love it!
One of the best treasures in the valley.  Even the fries, or "chips" are good.  Everything is made when ordered-no frozen or pre made items.  Only reason 4 stars could use some updating, though that is part of the charm of this place.
No-frills place, with good fish and chips (and oysters, and shrimp, and crab legs)... It's definitely a dive, with prices to match, but the portions are generous and the breading on the fish -- the most important part! -- is crisp and perfect. Skip the chain restaurants when you have a yen for fried seafood and check out this Phoenix local instead.
Great shrimp that has a wonderful crust.  Always the large gulf shrimp you love.  Just added fish tacos which are decent but the shrimp is really why you come; and the fish is great too.
Reminds me of the dive seafood shacks along the gulf coast. The fried shrimp was very good. The fish was good but the batter lacked seasoning. I don't even own a salt shaker but the batter needed some salt. I was excited to see fried okra on the menu too - yummy.
They have all the condiments for fried shrimp and fish - tartar sauce, cocktail sauce and even Louisiana hot sauce.
My other complaint is they have pre-made Lipton ice tea. That stuff is just nasty. Fresh brewed tea is the way to go.
This place is by far the best fish joint I've tasted in Phoenix. Their fish and chips are well-breaded and delicious. I highly recommend it.
My boyfriend has been bugging me about trying this restaurant. When we drove into the parking lot, saw it was directly across from Christies cabaret and next to a private one on one house?? I almost fainted.. 

Anyway fried zucchini was AMAZING. It's one of my favorite things to eat, and they did a good job! Same with the fried shrimp. Ordered the fish & chips. I liked it, wasn't blown away. (Then again I am from Seattle.) I would have to say one of the top seafood places in Arizona. 

The reason I give 4 out of 5 is the dive aspect of it.. Seems like they picked any and every decoration their theme and threw it on a wall. Makes it look cheap & cluttered. And the bulletin board... At a restaurant? Weird. I organize for a living, and it made me cringe. 

Definitely will be going back though, but will order take out.
This place was awesome.  We live in the middle of the desert so it's pretty much a given that you aren't going to find a fish and chips place like you would on a coast.  I've tried a handful of places with the two places around the valley that have decent fish are Pete's and Long John Silvers (yes, I know this is sad).  I have just never found a place that is great.  

I've driven by the place a decent number of times and it looks like an old worn out building.  If I was just going by external appearance, I would never try this place because it looks bad and it doesn't help that it's next to two strip clubs (with the one right next door looking very creepy and questionable as to it's legality).  The rest of the neighborhood isn't great but it really isn't that bad either.

I finally decided to give the place a try because I was craving some fish and chips and thought it might be good to try a new place.  The inside of the restaurant isn't much better than the outside.  It looks like an old worn out place you might find along the ocean in California.  I ordered a 3 piece fish and chips.  It took a while to get the order and the fish/fries came out steaming hot.  It was definitely freshly cooked.  The fish pieces were not evenly cut and tasted very fresh.  Contrary to some of the other reviews, I do not think these are your standard frozen fish sticks.  Pete's fish looks much more like a standard frozen piece due to the uniform shape.  The fries were also very good.

I thought the meal was very delicious.  My favorite part about this place is the sauces.  They have all the necessary sauces available and you can get as much or as little as you need.  It was refreshing to get everything and not have to beg the person behind the counter for a larger quantity of anything.  The tartar sauce tasted good and is my favorite of all the valley fish places I've tried.

I've been back to this place twice since my first visit and have brought my co-workers.  They all shared similar feedback and enjoyed their meals.  On the return visits I added a piece of shrimp which was huge and delicious.  I tried the cocktail sauce with it and found that I really enjoyed their sauce.  I usually don't like cocktail sauce so it was a pleasant surprise.  

This is definitely my favorite fish place in the valley and my co-workers and I have decided this will be a regular stop on our lunch rotation.
Best seafood in Phoenix!  This little gem is nothing fancy, but the food is fabulous. I highly recommend the lobster and crab.  They also just opened a new patio for this fall. It definitely  satisfies my seafood cravings without hurting my wallet.
First, i'm not a fish eating person. but i was meeting my friend for lunch yesterday and figured this would be a good place to start..we both commented on how cute its signage was and we remember it used to be over on Buckeye. but now it's firmly placed just off the 24th Street Light Rail exit on jefferson.

i was waiting around for my friend's train to arrive and the smell of Mandy's was intoxicating. i was getting hungry minute by minute. finally train arrives and we head over to the end of the light rail platform, jump over the rail gate and cross the street to Mandy's.
yes..we could have done the right thing and walked all the way back to 24th street. but lets face it..why. its right there. RIGHT THERE~!!

anyways..so again..not being one to eat fishy creatures that once swam in water..i got the double cheese burger, some onion rings and a drink. friend got the Fish and chips combo. white fish..i think it was cod, they have the option to coat with corn meal, or London style. which im guessing is a beer batter. similar to how the onion rings were coated.

burger..cheesy, juicy, and very good. onion rings, cripsy-crunchy and full of onion flavor. fries..well..could be better..and i tried a small taste of the fish..it was good..for fish. 

i highly recommend people check out Mandy's..i'm honestly shocked to be the first to review. SHOCKED..ok.

off the lightrail...just a couple minutes from the Priest train station.

not too far from Mill either. jump on this place.


OMG i almost forgot..they have Thrifty Brand Ice Cream. !!!!!!
I liked Mandy's because: 

* It's right off the light rail, so I can travel from work to here in a matter of minutes without having to deal with traffic. 

* Their catfish is wonderfully crispy and flavorful, pulled freshly out of the fryer. 

* They serve catfish all week long. 

But I'm not crazy about: 

* Those odd crackhead sitting behind me acting like they were playing hookie from high school. 

* The amount of time it took to prepare my meal. (Okay, this is one of those "I want it fresh but I want it fast" so I'll nullify the weight of this one. 

* Decor was nonexistent. 

If you're going and have limited time for lunch, I'd recommend calling in your order. All in all a very nice lunch and a good excuse to ride the rail over lunch.
I was in the mood for some catfish, so I decided to try the 12 East Cafe on Jefferson.  Unfortunately, they apparently close at 3:00pm.  There I was, right between Mrs. White's to the West and Mandy's Fish and Chips to the East.  I hopped on the train and got off at  the next stop east, and sure enough, there was Mandy's, "right there."  

The building looked like a second hand fast food joint.  The parking lot was completely empty, and the door facing the metro rail was locked.  the drive-thru sign was on, but the open sign was off.  I decided to try another door, and it was unlocked.  It turns out that they had just forgotten to turn the sign on!

The inside was Spartan, but clean. At the counter, I ordered the fish and chicken combo plate with a soda, and I asked to substitute hush-puppies for the fries.  The total came to $12.00 even.  The food was brought to me in about 4-5 min. 

The fish was pretty good, moist inside with a really nice, light corn batter.
The chicken strips however, were on the dry side, but that's why God made spicey dipping sauce.  The hush-puppies, on the other hand, were beyond saving.  These dense, little, under cooked, bland lumps were truly the worst push-puppies I have ever eaten.  This may sound like a joke, but Long John Silver's hush-puppies are way better.  

Overall,  It's a Nice, little fish and chips place.  If I try it again I'll get fries or onion rings if they have them.  The locked door I encountered when I first approached the building was actually being looked at by a lock smith as I was leaving, so that at least has been fixed.
i was surprised to find a nice fish fry here in phx.  Whitings ,a east coast fish, is offered here. chrispy and yummy.  sweet potatoe pie!

Not cheap but not overly expensive. Nice seating booths. Near airport and light rail.

phx is a huge city. lil jewels like this are scattered all of over the valley.Glad I found this one.
Although I rounded up to 4 stars, I'd really rate it about a 3.8 if we could do decimals here on Yelp.

Short and to the point:

Service  - fairly quick, even for a Friday lunch.

Prices - very reasonable - $10 for a 2-piece entree and two sides

Fried Okra - excellent - about an 8 on a scale of 10. (  And I'm from TX, so I know me some good fried Okry.  )

Catfish - oddly shaped/sized - about 10 inches long and about an inch wide, with a slight twist.  Never had catfish shaped like this.  They were almost "over-sized catfish tenders" in a way.  Breading was basic cornmeal - did not notice any other spice.  They did however seem to be cooked for the PERFECT length of time - perfect crust, fish inside perfectly cooked and not dry at all, and no greasiness in sight.  I'd give this a higher score if the crust had a little more seasoning, but I give it about a 7 on a 10 scale.

French Fries - tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary.

Potato salad - again, tasty but nothing to set it apart.

The bad:

My lunchmate had the fried Cod, and if they DO offer a second type of breading other than cornmeal, it was not offered or clearly marked on the menu, as far as we could see.

SO, because of that lack of info, his Cod came "cornmeal breaded" and he does not like that breading.  So he gives it 1 star for either not telling him or offering him the second crust option.

I'll be going back.  It's fairly close to both work and home, so that's a plus.
Just ate here for the first time today and it was awesome!!  Had the Catfish Sandwich and the best I have had since Chicago.. You need to eat here!!
Nice variety of fried foods. Not too hard to find. Hours are great for us late eaters. Mandy is a respectable dude, very attentive and cut me a deal on some extra cod! Some ppl dont lije the cornmeal breading but i luv it. Ive been looking for a good fish house and have been to a few in the area. Im from baltimore and washington state aka 2 of the best seafood cities, and Mandys aint up to that stardom but closest comparison in this area. If u know of better let me know. Gave 4 out of 5 because other than the owner the other workers are average, and the prices will dig in ya pocket a little bit.
Get the fish! Skip the chips! Few things are better than a made-to-order, hand-breaded, fresh, fish sandwich. This catfish filet was NOT frozen. The cornmeal breading was very crunchy. Cooked perfectly. Light, flaky, NOT greasy at all. Just a perfect sandwich all around. Get this, the combo plate was only $6.50. Seriously? Awesome.

When asked if I wanted hot sauce or mayo on the sandwich, I replied, "both." BEST DECISION EVER! The hot sauce adds the necessary flavor to the mildly seasoned breading while the mayo provides the creaminess that a tartar sauce adds without the overwhelming tartar flavor. (Note: I'm not a big tartar sauce fan b/c it hides the flavor of the fish).

So, skip the fries. They're just frozen potatoes that don't taste like anything. I'm still giving Mandy's 5 stars, because the sandwich was truly exceptional. And honestly, didn't come for the fries. But ask them which sides are made on site. The onion rings and fried okra are probably good. 

PS-don't worry about it being catfish. It's seriously good.
PPS-I grew up around a LOT of fish fries in Kentucky. No catfish has ever been this good. GO!
If you truly love fish this is the spot. I went in at Mandys and ordered the cat combo which includes three catfish three shrimp and chips, truly it was the best decision ever. I moved here to Arizona a couple months ago from Louisiana and I had never had tasted fish like this it was amazing. I will be coming back to Mandys again for sure.
Had a massive craving for catfish on a Sunday afternoon and wanted some cheap take out. Came across this place that is not too far from my hood and decided to give it a try. 

I ordered the 3 piece catfish and chips and a side of clam strips. My catfish was amazing!! The fries, the poor fries, they were the only reason this wasn't a 5 star review. They were soggy and tasteless, but the fish and clams made up for it. This place is cheap and delicious and I will be back again soon. 

Also tried the whitefish on their menu and it was really tasty as well.

Catfish is served ALL week long, yay!!
Was stuck out of town during Lent so I was put in charge of finding a place to get fish n chips while we were in Tempe.  I have to admit the place was probably better than the first one I called, but I would still call it average.

First, is child labor laws different in Arizona than California?  I went to pick up the food and the only person who seemed to be working in the place was this kid who I swear looked 12.  He was amazingly friendly, but I was kinda weirded out.  

Food is good.  Not great, but good.  We ordered the 12 piece cod combo (for 3 people-huge mistake), and we were hoping it would be that golden batter that you would find at HS Salt or someplace like that.  Unfortunately, it had the fried catfish batter.  However, it was still good and we ate it happily.  The fries and deep fried mushrooms were also tasty.  But if you are looking for that golden batter, you may want to try someplace else.
Have you ever been riding along and a place catches your eye and for whatever reason you can't stop but vow to return to that place one day? Mandy's was that place for me. Right off the light rail stop at 24th Street, I was continually passing it by on my commute from Mesa to Downtown Phoenix and back again.

When a friend of mine at work had yet to experience the light rail, I knew a perfect opportunity for her to ride it would be an excursion for lunch and Mandy's would be the ideal place for us to go. Believe me, Ms. Mandy did NOT dissapoint. Almost everything there is fresh and homemade.  The fish was tasty and not greasy and the tartar sauce was chunky and creamy. The cocktail sauce was a tad vinegary for my liking, but it had good flavor.

The only thing that I think would take this place to the next level and give it an extra star is some hand cut fresh 'chips' because while cooked well, you can tell they came out of a bag. I'll definitely be returning and bringing friends with me next time!
visited for the first time today,  and really liked it.  Mandy was very friendly and talked over the menu with me it being my first time.  The Cod was amazing and juicy not greasy! I really liked the homemade cocktail sauce.  I am glad I stopped in and I am sure I will be back.
This place was really good. Randomly went here with some friends and I'll definitely be returning.

I had a 3 piece combo (catfish & whiting) with shrimp, fries and hush puppies. The whiting is really good, better than the catfish. Shrimp was good, glad the pieces weren't small. I liked the fries, soft vs. crunchy. I didn't make it to the hush puppies, that was the only thing that didn't look appetizing. I did try some fried okra, that was really good too.

The fried fish and seafood are really good. This place is relatively cheap. For $10 I don't know if there is a better option in Arizona. Definitely the best fried seafood I've had in Arizona.

This place is not in the best location, it's behind the light rail but it's worth finding.
It's so difficult to find a good fish fry place in Phoenix but I think this is pretty good. I had the catfish and shrimp combo with fries. At first bite I was surprised at how great it was. Not bland at all like another nearby place. The shrimp was butterfly and the breading on both the catfish and the shrimp was really good....not too much and not too little. I think if you're looking for a place with good fried fish, you definitely need to check it out!!
I went to the location on Southern and 16th street but didn't see that one listed so I decided to review this location, since it's the same food. I went in on my lunch break one day after a co-worker told me to check it out. I tried calling in advance, since on their flyer they advertise "ready in 15 minutes" if you call ahead and everytime I called, it was busy. I made sure to let them know that when I got there that had happened. They were checking into it before I left.

Staff was friendly. I ordered a catfish sandwich, fried okra and a drink for $9. Food took about 10 minutes to make but it was nice and cool inside the restaurant so I didn't mind waiting. I asked for ranch and tartar sauce on the side. The tartar sauce for some reason is really good and I don't even like tartar sauce! I ate it with my sandwich and fried okra. The okra was pretty good and they give you a lot for $2.99. The catfish on the other hand wasn't my favorite. I keep reading that everyone loves their catfish but there were pieces of mine in my sandwich half cut and that made me feel weird to eat it. I also didn't think it had much flavor and felt the cornmeal breading was similar looking and eating to bird feed. 

They have a lot of choices; everything from fish to burgers so I think next time I will try something else. All in all, it was so-so. I would probably come back.
This location is isolated for being by the light rail. We stopped by on a Sunday at noon. There were no other customers at the time. The establishment is very clean and ventilated. The style has character and thankfully does not clutter the walls with kitchy decorations. The staff is very friendly as well as attentive. We ordered fried calamari rings and catfish shrimp combos with drinks. The prices are very reasonable, although there was a discrepancy on the chalk written price. The fish is freshly battered on the spot and the food is cooked in a timely manner. The batter and oil for each food item is specialized. The calamari rings were excellent with the marinara sauce. They were not too crunchy and not too rubbery, just perfect. The catfish came in three long strips over steak fries, three shrimp, and sides of sauces. Moist, tender, crunchy, and packed with flavor is how I would describe both the catfish and butterfly shrimp. The green tea reminds me of the imported teas in international markets in california. We will order from this place for office lunches in the future.
Fantastic, the Philly cheese steak sandwich reminded me of days long gone! The only problem we had was our hush puppies were burnt.  :(   The rest of the order was great. Will be back to try something else.
I had the gyro and it was above average. This place is very deceptive. Once inside you are taken back by how nice it looks. The food is fresh and does take a little time to get to you but it's worth it. 

Just needs a little heat. That's the Arizonan in me, I need to sweat a little with my food. I just added Tabasco sauce. Great little restaurant
Slow services, mediocre value and dull flavors. 

If you are going for a gut bomb don't you want it to be the most wonderful gluttonous meal you can have? If so this may not be the place for your next calorie bender. 

Inside an hard to access due to light rail old fast food joint you will find this place.  The menu is simple enough, But ordering will take some time as one person is the cashier, order taker, phone person and even waiter to bring over the food. I can only imagine the kitchen has the same setup as our food (alll fried) took nearly 30 min to get. 

The fried fish it self was decent but nothing special, a bland cornmeal crust over white. fish.  IT was fresh testing but the bland breading did not due much. A big issue I also had was with their sauce rationing, why must I pay for more tartar sauce or cocktail sauce, is it my fault you did not put the flavor in the dish it self?
Surprisingly empty during lunch hour. No frills restaurant located off of the 28th Street /Washington light rail station. Had the three piece catfish meal with fries,  shrimp, hush puppies and a large drink for under $12. Meal is cooked to order instead of sitting in a bin under a heat lamp waiting for you. Generous portions, scalding hot, and unlike those other places comes with more fish than breading. Flavorful and great value. Definitely will be back.
I was chillin with the homies a couple weeks ago and we stopped by this hole in the wall to get some Korean food. You would not expect this place to have Korean food if you just drove by the place. I only found out about this place cause my homie is a regular.

I ordered the Bi Bim Bop, which is beef, rice, veggies and a fried egg. We wanted to dine-in but we got there 10 minutes before they were closing. We decided to get old school and picked up some cold ones and ate our food at the park. There was a lot of food and it tasted good for a hole in the wall.

I will come back to try their Kimchi Soup.
Came back last friday to try the Kimchi Soup. It wasn't spicy enough and the beef was a little touch. It comes with rice and I was stuffed.

I think I'll try the Short Ribs next time.
Welcome to Dan's adventures in the ghetto. A friend and I decided that we needed to explore the options in our work neighborhood (emphasis on 'hood').  Our first pick, USS Fish and Chips.  

I'm not a big fish and chips person.  Most of the fish and chips dishes I have tried have been soggy, dry, or just plain nasty.  Even though USS is a Korean restaurant, I decided to try their claim to fame cuisine.  A big plate of 3 big fish strips and potato wedges costed about $6.75.  I was completely blown away.  This was the best fish and chips I think I have ever had!  They were pleasantly fried, not too thick and greasy.  The fish was tasty on it's own, but even tastier with some malt vinegar and tarter sauce.  The potato wedges were shaped like little chips, about a centimeter thick. They were light and fluffy, but meaty at the same time.

You don't come to USS for the atmosphere.  You probably don't come for the gourmet service either.  You may have to dodge the occasional drug dealer or hobo, but for a decent fish and chip dish it is worth it.  Pleasantly surprised.  I would return.  Beware of the Cash Only policy.
USS Fish N Chips is tucked away in a strip row of stores along northern Las Vegas Blvd in which most of the signs are in strictly Spanish, which didn't bode well of a Korean food place...nor did the name of the place indicate any Asia relation at all.  So, if you can find it, you'll be greeted by a friendly Korean family and their great food.  I did not have any fish-and-chips...and didn't see them on the menu come to think of it, but that all disappeared when the food arrived steaming hot and tasty.
This will definitely be on the lunch place cycle, but I'm not sure I'd try it out after dark since most of the neighboring establishments are embellished with quite the assortment of bars on the windows.
It's kinda hard to find mom and pop shops in North Las Vegas. So as soon as me and a couple friends came across this, we had to try it. 

I got the 2 Fish 2 chicken and chips plate. It was pretty good, but I think it needs a little more seasoning for it to stand out more. Definitely better than Long John Silvers that's for sure. They serve Korean and Chinese, too. Might have to give those a try next time.
I come here for lunch once in a while when I'm at work and craving korean food, it is relatively close to Nellis and the food is good. The other Korean restaurants are too far in spring mountain so this location is perfect, and the owners are really nice people. Food is very filling. Beware, they are cash only and the location is pretty ghetto.
A-OK.

First and foremost, this is a Korean restaurant, but supposedly, they do have fish and chips.  Secondly, and equally important, is that this is a cash only establishment.  Now it's no secret that I'm especially critical of Asian cuisine.  It's not that I'm that much of a connoisseur (I wish); it's that my expectations have grown to be that high.  Don't let my rating fool you away from this establishment.

I also need to curb my enthusiasm some because I'm such a big fan of mom & pop restaurants.  This place quite literally is only that: pop serving up front and mom cooking in the back.  That fact alone makes me giddy about this place.  The locale has something to be desired, but as a lunch option, it's nothing scary.  Also, for being cash only, I thought this place was kind of pricey.  Entre portion size wasn't too bad, but the kimchi selection was definitely sub-par.  Luckily, it was all friggin' delicious.

I got the pork bul go gi.  Those unfamiliar: it's Korean BBQ.  Those familiar: no, they don't have the DIY grills -- it's served already cooked on a cast-iron hot-plate.  They offer in mild, medium, or hot.  The hot will get your attention, but I recommend going for medium and supplementing with the hot sauce they have at the table.  I swear they must lace that sauce with something-something because it's that awesome.  The food is all made to order by the one-woman-team, which means in a group, someone will get their food before someone else.  She doesn't make it all at once, and he doesn't wait until the whole order is ready.  Yet that signifies how freshly the food is prepared.  Service was prompt, courteous, and friendly, with the language barrier not really an issue.

Places like this seem to be a rarity in Vegas, so I highly encourage local support.  At least give it a shot.  I yearn to find more places like this, but in the mean time, I'll probably be back here.
Ate there today for the first time.  My husband is stationed at Nellis.  Awesome mom & pop shop.  Yes, cash only!!  I had the bibimbap and it was delicious.  My husband always gets the chicken bulgogi--also delicious.  A little pricey but definitely worth the trip!
So this is a mom and pop place in a not so great neighborhood.  We decided to give it a try since our favorite Korean place closed down and it is close to Nellis Base.  The name implies that they are known for fish and chips?  We didn't try it but maybe we should have.  The place is small ( only 5 tables).  Very amateur decor.  They were friendly enough.  They do make food as you order and only take cash.  We ordered fried wontons, egg rolls, spicy pork bulgogi, and mild beef bulgogi.  The wontons weren't Very flavorful.  The egg rolls were mushy and bland.  The bulgogi was just ok.  Barely.  We have been to Korea and this just wasn't good.  It was $40 for both of us.  A bit high for low quality.  We will continue our search for good Korean food.
Been there many times and never had anything but good food! The person that said that the Bulgogi was so-so must have killed their taste buds......best in town, and we have tried almost all of em. This is their 3 rd location over 20 years so they must be doing something right! Cash only, terrible location, and other drawbacks, but worth the drive for us from Summerlin.
Yet another decent hole in the wall/mom and pop type of place to check out if you're in the area! Before you come here, let be known that its CASH ONLY!

Just like any new place I check out I usually go with the namesake of the place if it applies. So what I got was the Fish, Chicken, and Chips Combo ($8.25). 

You get two pieces of battered fish and chicken along with potato chips. The fish was tender and flaky. The chicken was bit chewy because it was a bit dry. The potato chips are comparable nilla wafers thicknesswise but were just a tad bigger. Im thinking if dude  makes it with some kind of seasoning, it would surely be a hit for it was already decent the way it was.

If you refer to my pic, when the guy brings it out to you on a tray, it comes complete with ranch, ketchup, tartar sauce, and hot sauce. That's awesome! You have all the condiments you need!

While I was eating, I noticed that other people that came in ordered Korean dishes mainly Bulgogi and Kim Chi Soup. Man, all it did was give me more incentive to come back and order those very same items. Oh, before I forget, this place is an American/Korean/Chinese type of cuisine. 

So basically, you can eat here every day for about 6 months and not have the same thing. Here are just some of the things that you would probably catch your eye after looking over the menu. Frog Legs, Oxtail Soup, Fried Pineapple, Kalbi Short Ribs, and Deep Fried Eggplant.

Minus 1 star because of the cash only policy and the location. Quick story. As I park my car and get out, this guy comes out of nowhere asking me if I wanted to buy some weed from him. I said, no thanks, I am here for the fish and chips. He responded with oh yeah, the fish and chips are bomb here. Then off he went like nothing happened.

In closing, food and service here is great. I just dont think coming here at night would be a good idea especially if you are alone. Which reminds me. The business hours are Monday thru Saturday 10:30 am to 8 pm. Closed sundays. These guys are located in a strip mall on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Cheyenne Ave. Check them out.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #129 "Fish n Chips and other stuff"
good and cheep
this place was where you started a trip to california before there was freeways. it is at what was the western end of phoenix.   monster berger's rule
pete's are the few real drive inn left in america take your kids they will love it. off  i 17
I had high hopes going in.  I figured local  fish n' chips chain this popular must be good. I had heard stories about their great sauce, and fish. However I was less than impressed.

A coworker of mine suggested we go on the way to a meeting. When we pulled up I noticed that the only dining was outdoors, but the place seemed busy which is a must for anything with fish in the name and 100+ degree summers.

I ordered a number 3 which was 3 pieces of fish fries and 1 cup of sauce. Yes the menu tells you how much of this mythical sauce each dish comes with. One of the good thing was the price it was about $5 and I got a discount making it about 4.50 for my meal with a cup of water. Note this was cash only.

I waited patiently for my food and the pickup window finally called my order number. With great excitement I opened the grease covered bag that my meal sat in to find square shaped pieces of fish. I really was hoping for fish in a more natural shape before it met the hot oily depths of their deep fryer. 

I then opened up the cup of sauce and to my surprise it is not a tartar style sauce like I assumed it would be. The sauce is a franks red hot sauce with with some ketchup, far from anything special. the one cup of sauce was inadequate for the amount of fish and fries I had. If I wanted more sauce i would have cost me an extra. There are no other condiments available, so if you like ketchup you are out of luck.

The batter of my fish was passable it just seemed like a McDonald's fillet o fish sans the bun, cheese and sauce. 

The fies were thin and a bit underdone. 

Overall the meal was quite mediocre and I would have enjoyed it more from a chain like Long John Silvers.
I was so disappointed in Pete's.

Went with a friend to get a variety & share. We had a hard time distinguishing between a few of the items we got until we bit in, & even then we weren't 100% sure which was which.

Fish 2 pc $3.70 - Thin with too much batter but a decent flavor. Wouldn't get again.
Shrimp 4 pc $3.65 - Was there even a taste to these? Wouldn't get again.
Oysters 4 pc $3.65 - Very fishy. There were actually good. I'd get these again. I liked them.
Crabettes 4 pc $3.65 - I barely remember these, that's how unimpressed I was. Was this even crab?! Wouldn't get again.
Scallops 5 pc $3.85 - Good. Might get these again if I ever went back. My friend liked these.
Chips - What word comes to mind? I think gross might describe these.
Sauce - It was ketchup! I HATE ketchup. I wanted tarter sauce. This was the biggest disappointment. I was so bummed out.

FYI it's cash only.
Also, be prepared to be approached by people asking for money or a meal if you go here, even if you're in the drive-through.
THE VALLEY HAS GONE/BEED MAD


Alright folks, as I am sure most of my reviews already spur scorn and outrage to those who read me trashing their favorite establishments, this one cannot be avoided.

This place is garbage.  This is not fish and chips and it is an insult to the term "fish and chips" to suggest otherwise.  The "fish" is some hybrid type of fish that I have never known in my thirty one years of seafood eating.  It comes in a weird pocket shape that reminds me of a potato knish from Coney Island(which is phenomenal if you get a chance to try one).  The shrimp appeared to walk through on stilts, but thankfully was surrounded by a sub par and tasteless breading.  

What does the valley see in this place? Someone explain it to me because I am truly baffled, this food is just terrible.
I hate giving places ratings this low, but I have no choice. We have just recently moved here from Miwaukee, where there are fish frys every Friday. We gave up meat for Lent, and wanted to get some fish, a quick, simple meal that we could take home.  That's where Pete's comes in. The food is disgusting. It's like they have some deal set up with Arpaio where they get expired, frozen prison food so that they can charge the prices that they do ( should have also been my first clue).   EVERYTHING is processed and they use the cheapest quality ingredients.  I saw "crabettes" and thought they might be some type of fritter. It's fried imitation crab sticks. Service was good. It's just the food that is so bad. I understand it is a family business and has been in Phoenix forever, which is super admirable. I would hope that maybe they would just try to re-invent their menu a bit. Fresh seafood for a chain like this is a lot to ask in the desert. I think maybe if they paid an extra .20 per unit, they could get a naturally formed filet of fish. I will definitely not ever go back here
I love Pete's. I know, I know - you eat outside, you have to order tartar sauce and they only take cash. I love the food anyway. I've gone to Pete's since I was born. I love the red sauce that comes with the fish - it has a little bite to it. 

I only wish they would expand north. 

I'm addicted to Pete's.
Never again !

The fish here is as cheap as you can get, pre-fabricated fish squares that are slightly better than McDonald's filet-o-fish. The shrimp that I ordered were flat, like pounded out flat, who knows what this crap was. The fries  were limp and flavorless. The only thing that made this any better was the "special sauce", which I believe to be hot sauce & ketchup.

This place is SUPER cheap and the food reflects why. There is no reason I will ever eat here again, peace out Pete's !
It's cheap, processed, nothing facy fish and chips spot. You get what you pay for. That special sauce people rave about, don't be fooled it's nothing spectacular. If I wasn't so broke, I'd eat @ Knock Kneed Lobster
The best! Always gotta have extra sauce. 
7 piece shrimp everytime...
I practically grew up here!!!  I remember Ruth and my Dad loves her.  It is cash only.  They don't take credit cards so hit the ATM before you go.
.So happy they opened back up after a fire.  The food here is amazing.  I have tried most of the things on the menu over the years and have NEVER been disappointed.  the other night i got a "daisy dog" which was a corn dog but with the different type of batter!  

To sum it up if you want some good food, cheap, with the risk of getting killed in a drive by shooting then this is your place!  i know i will go back soon!!!
This place is a family favorite. I won't say that they have the best quality food but it's good enough for me. And I've never understood why some people expect anything fresh and healthy from a fast food place. "Fast food" and "healthy" are on opposite sides of the spectrum! I am a big believer in the saying "you get what you pay for." 

My go-to meal here is the 7 piece shrimp and chips and a monster burger plain with cheese. Yummy. 

Pete's does need to get with the times. They only take cash. It's a bit funny to see Pete's n00bs asking if they can use their cards. If you need cash, you can go next door to the Circle K and get some. They have a $40 cash back limit, if I am not mistaken. 

You will likely have to do some bum dodging. They mostly hang around the Circle K area but sometimes wander over to Pete's. 

Ironically, I've been eating here since I was a kid but I have never tried the fish. Not a fish person at all! 

Other than the bums and the no debit/credit, the only other complaint I have is that they did not put enough ice in my rasberry ice tea on my last visit.

Bon Apptit !
Horrible. Fish is not seasoned, has zero flavor. the "shrimp" is a joke its like 85% breading. and the fries are basic frozen from your grocers freezer.

only an Arizonan who hasn't  been exposed to much outside of the desert would tell you they like this place. your better off at long john silver at least the seafood is recognizable. 

i will say that the dipping sauce for the fish is great, but as far as the actual food goes this might be the worst resturant I've ever eaten at.
If I had to list them in order... 27th Ave location is #1 for service, prep time, and taste.  And, I like the location. What?! You don't?! 

Apache Rd. is not consistent, sometimes the shrimp is cold, sometimes the fries are cold. Depends on your lucky day. But they are convenient!

Now, I just have finish my rounds and visit all the other locations again to complete my rating chart. 5 foam-fishes to the best location!  A Pete's marathon weekend. Anyone want in on this?
I love Petes, my husband had his softball practice for his work, and we were hungry afterwards. So we stopped by, i got the #2, 2 fish and i think 7 shrimps and fries and drink...my husband had #1 which was 1 fish and singe shrimp fries and drink...plus my son got the 5 piece chicken from kids...everything was less than 24 dollars.. Now i had only ate a little bit of mine but i ordered the bigger one cause i knew my husband would eat the rest. We all left full...only thing is the parking spots need to be bigger...kinda cramped.
Everything you want in a drive-thru fish fry. But a fish fry spot that makes all the other glorious edibles of your southern childhood available as well...awesome-saucesome
Pete's is amazing. This is more of a public service announcement than a review. Sorry, Yelp!

My husband and I went to lunch at the Pete's Fish and Chips on 27th Avenue and Van Buren in Phoenix. When we walked up to the window, there was an elderly Hispanic man standing next to the window, holding a dollar bill. He appeared to be disabled and had one of those carts with wheels and a seat which he used to walk. He spoke to my husband in Spanish, but he doesn't understand Spanish at all and I didn't understand him because he spoke fairly quickly. My husband ordered our food and we sat down. A young couple was sitting at the table next to us with their small child. The father got up and went to the man. He asked him how he can help. The old man replied, but I could not understand him still. The father then ordered food and paid for it. Meanwhile, a woman who had been sitting with her husband at another table got up and gave the elderly man some cash. He thanked her several times. The young father stood with the old man until his food arrived. He helped him put the food and beverage on his cart and the elderly man covered it with a bath towel. The elderly man went on thanking the young man and (I think) blessing the young child. The father hugged the old man and the family left. The other couple left shortly thereafter. At first, I thought that was such a sweet thing to have happened to this poor, crippled, elderly man and felt it was such a good thing to see people helping someone to obtain a basic necessity.
But then...
The old man walked down to the light and crossed south across Van Buren and then headed back east toward the bus stop across from Pete's. He met up with two younger men; probably in their late twenties, early thirties. He spoke to them and handed them two plates of food and the drink. (Remember, I witnessed the father buy him ONE plate of food...) They talked for a bit while the young men ate the food. The old man then gave one of them cash and he ran back across Van Buren to the Circle K. He emerged shortly with a bag in his hand and ran back over to the man. He handed the elderly man the bag from which the elderly man took out a large can of beer and started drinking it. The bus arrived and the two young men got on it and left. As of right now, the old man is still across the street drinking his beer. What is left of the food is sitting on a half-wall next to him- he hasn't touched it. 
I am writing this in hopes that at least one of two things happens: The man can no longer run this scam because people who read this will be aware of it and/or Someone will help him find resources where he can get his needs met another way besides scamming people into feeling bad for him and buying him food out of the kindness of their hearts. Shame on him. Karma is a red-eyed bitch, sir. And she is watching you very closely.
Pete's is something you CRAVE if you grew up in Phoenix.  It makes me happy.  It's not something I'd brag about to out of town people, it's a childhood nostalgia that drives me back.  And why not?  It's cheap, cash only, and a local fave since FOREVER (which isn't long in young Phoenix).  News Flash!  This is a desert; so fish is not the *freshest* around here or the best. Duh. But we love them just the same.  We fight over the little cups of Pete's hot sauce.  Cash only means they don't have to pay the banks their cut. Yea!  Local Business!  Pass me the fish.
Tasty greasy goodness at this fish take-out chainlet.  A friend who's lived here all his life raves about this place as a good fast-food alternative.  Cheap, decent fried food, and quick service.  The place is reminiscent of a 1950s drive-in restaurant  with shaded picnic tables abound in front of the counter.  

I'm normally a freakish health-nut.  However, I couldn't help but try this place today, especially since I'm Catholic, it's lenten Friday and I exhausted all other options over the past few Fridays.   This place was really busy, yet quick. 

The fish is square cut (ala Van de Kamps) but tastes a lot better than it looks - same goes for the shrimp.  Fries are nice and soft - and it all comes with some tangy and addictive special sauce (which a little birdy told me is ketchup mixed with El Pato sauce).  So well-received it is, that they sell the sauce as a stand alone item should you want to take it home.  They even had (pause) Orange Bang!   Pete, you're a good man.

Only minuses are the crumb-eating pigeons (you know, the equivalent of rats with wings) running around...but still worth the few bucks you'll spend.
Pete's Fish and Chips has a reputation for being legendary in the Phoenix valley, so of course I had to try it. And, wow, what a miss.

First of all, they had outdoor seating only, which isn't so bad I guess. Oh wait, no, we're in Phoenix, doesn't it get to be about 117 degrees F outside in the summer? Sounds like a blast.

Secondly, they have no tartar sauce or malt vinegar. How on earth do you even run a fish place with no tartar sauce? Malt vinegar is a little more uncommon but for pete's (lol) sake even McDonald's has Tartar sauce.

Third, the fish itself. Speaking of McDonalds, that is what I am reminded of, this is not batter dipped and fried fillets of fish, this is minced and formed, and covered in a crunchy, crumbly breading, like what you'd find on a Mcdonald's fish sandwich.

Fourth, they only take cash. What year is it?

The red sauce they give you is OK, but it is more like a shrimp sauce, I'm sure it would be great on that. It definitely does not belong on fish.

Their Hamburgers though, are quite good and very inexpensive. If you go to Petes, get one of those. Skip the fish, it's awful. I have no idea how this place became so popular on such awful fish and chips. An Englishman would burn this place to the ground.
OK I know I am going to get flack for this but here goes. Are you freaking kidding me, no tarter?!? 

On the advise of Abu whose taste buds have now come into question, I tried Pete's yesterday. I trekked out in what felt like 500 degree heat to the ATM. Because Pete has not stepped into the 21st century yet! 

The whole time I am thinking if they are still in business after no tarter and no debit it must be good, right? Wrong. I have been tricked, hoodwinked, bamboozled, led a stray, run a muck. Just flat out deceived! 

I ordered the deluxe seafood combo 2 pieces of fish, 7 shrimp, fries and a 32 oz drink. Which by the way did not have its price listed. I figured it couldn't be to much the regular combo has 1 less piece of fish and 3 less shrimp was only 5.95. Wrong again $9.45! Again thinking this fish must be outstanding! 

I get it home and it was still piping hot and smelled wonderful! Again with the trickery. I started with a french fry and it wasn't completely done in the middle yuck! I then moved onto what Pete describes as shrimp, really there was shrimp in there? I never tasted it and only saw some small specks of white and red inside the gross grease laden dough! UGH I had to spit it out. Even my dog left it and she has been known to eat her own poop! 

The only reason Pete's did not rate a 1 star from me is the square fish. Yes I said square, it is a square patty just like McDonald's only it does taste better than Mickey D's. I didn't care for the red sauce on my fish. The 1st piece I ate plain and the second piece I added my own tarter sauce and it was delicious. On a sidebar some of the other fries were edible and pretty tasty. 

I have yet to find a joint that can top the catfish at Honey Bears but not for lack of trying. 

Moral of this story, only get the fish and chips, make sure your chips are cooked and have tarter on the ready!

Also Lain gave me this tid bit of info... "Pete the owner was murdered as he slept, they used a hammer and bashed his head in, just some trivia for you..."

Yeah they bashed his head in over that shrimp and no tarter sauce!
The worst fish and chips I have ever had.  Do yourself a favor...go to Fry's, buy a box of Gorton's fish fillets (the square ones) and take it home and deep fry it.  Then mix some ketchup with some cocktail sauce (NO TARTAR SAUCE....THEY DON'T HAVE TARTAR SAUCE!!) and you have the Pete's experience, and you save about $15. I can't believe people think this is good.  They make Long John Silvers seem gourmet. Dang.
Pete's Fish and Chips is a restaurant that really does things their own way. 

Tarter sauce, vinegar, and lemons-these are three condiments one would expect to find at any seafood restaurant the world over. Not at Pete's: it's all about the red sauce in these here parts. I must agree with Pete's sentiment. The red sauce is simply fantastic, and compliments the deep fried goodness well. 

I'm not 100% sure what Pete's uses as a main ingredient in most of their food. But I can tell you I'm almost certain it isn't fish. I can also tell you that I'm 100% okay with that. 

Pete's does not accept debit or credit and is not open on Sundays. It seems like they are loudly proclaiming, "Customers! It is really NOT all about you. We have delicious food, and you must WORK to get it!" 
And if that's how they roll at Pete's then I'm down.
Horrible....What else can I say.
This was my first time trying Pete's. We were in downtown Glendale checking out some thrift shops yesterday and we started getting pretty hungry. We walked by Pete's, and it smelled pretty good. I remembered hearing good things about the place, so I thought we'd give it a try! Also, my uncle's (who still lives in London) name is Pete, so I thought that was kind of neat. Now, with much of my family being English, of course I like fish and chips! ;)

The fish was actually quite good, in my opinion! Or maybe we were just very hungry... The prices were a bit high for a *cash only* little place, but not too bad. Just higher than what I was expecting. The pieces of fish were actually not that big either, but that's okay too. The chips (fries) were decent, nothing special. The sauce was good too, but I can't believe there was no malt vinegar! Or tartar sauce, but I don't use that anyway. The outdoor seating wasn't a problem because we just drove through and took it with us to go. No way were we going to sit outside in 115 degree weather and eat fish! :P

The drinks were large and decently priced, but I had the plain unsweetened iced tea and it was almost flavourless. It basically tasted like lovely Arizona tap water with a vague taste of tea somewhere in there. My friend got a Diet Coke with no ice, and they were happy to do so. Nothing special there, so moving on! The drive through was pretty quick, but it was very difficult to understand them through the speaker. The volume was a bit low or something, and there was also a communication issue with the person on the other end. Different accents and all that.

Overall, not a terrible experience, but we didn't stick around for too long. Prices were decent, but I would expect cheaper from this place. I would probably go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so. Maybe I'll check out another location sometime and see how they compare? :)
Finally tried this place after many years of wanting to, and my husband and I were very disappointed.  Ever had the chicken fingers and fries at Ikea? Same exact food here except my fries at Ikea were cooked properly.  Overpriced processed food and unfriendly service.  Will never return.
Sucks that I had to give such a low rating! But my mom said so!! When my mother was visiting us from Cali last week, I brought her to see the light at Glendale. Now originally I was born in Glendale, but was raised in Long Beach! So when we drove by Pete's, my mom had me make a u-turn right to there location. She said as a child her and her sister use to come by all the time and loved it. She mentioned how large the fish use to be, and how good it was. Well, time has changed and she was very upset how bad it is now! The chicken tenders were OK, but the fish and shrimp was to greasy, and taste was lousy. Looks like another mom and pops place that just grew to large and forgot why they were their in the first place. Always happens when the kids and grand kids take over.
Heard a lot of good things about Pete's. I am from the Gulf Coast and was not expecting to find anything that would compare to the delicious fried seafood of back home. Glad I set my expectations low.
  Pete's fish is ok, square, almost like processed but not. Strange but tasty. Chips are decent, taste like typical Ore-Ida frozen fries. The Onion rings were good (super greasy though). My biggest problem is that I am a bit of a traditionalist. If you are gonna call it "fish and chips" like they would in the UK, then you have to at least have malt vinegar. The red sauce is good with their fries and rings (and maybe shrimp) but not on fish. It is the only sauce they have. I hear the burgers are good and may go back, if I am already in the area, to try one. I wonder if they have mustard? They may be trying to do too many things at once here. Seafood, Americana, Mexican, (fish, shrimp, burritos, hot dogs, chicken, oysters) Just a thought.
  The seating is outside, if its summer you must get it to go. Between the heat, pigeons and huge flies (serious kitchen hawks) you will not have a good time. 
  The prices are very reasonable but they only accept cash. I would not go out of my way to eat at Pete's again.
Pete's is iconic Phoenix Metro destination that cannot be missed. The Super Seafood combo is satisfying and delicious. Get extra Pete's sauce! Bring cash!

Oh and if you are going to Pete's and you get tarter sauce, "You're doing it wrong!"
Super Cheap and Tasty!
Fish good. Shrimp good. Hamburgers ok. Fries horrible. Pepsi excellent. Hard to mess up on Pepsi :). Pete's sauce great. Honestly if it was for the sauce I think a few things would lower in taste. 

This place isn't the best place ever but it's still pretty good. Oh bring cash because Pete's is still stuck in the 1980's.
The super seafood combo is soo good:D
If this is fish and chips, then I'm a monkeys uncle!  They served some sort of RED sauce that i think had horseradish in it for your dipping sauce for the fish!  What the hell is that.  Fish and Chips get served with either Lemon and Tartare Sauce and  Malt Vinegar for your Chips.  Wont be going back there EVER!!!!
Really? What exactly are they famous for??

After living in Glendale for about 5 years, seeing people drive around with Pete's bumper stickers, and detouring around 55th and Glendale at rush hour because the drive-through line backs up into the road, we finally tried this. In the end I just have to ask what all of their "fans" are thinking.

The fish that's so famous looks and tastes like something you might get from the frozen food section of the store. But only if you got the cheapest store brand possible and made sure it was a SQUARE patty of frozen breaded fish. The fish sandwich was one of the aforementioned fish patties on a cheapo hamburger bun with a smear of sauce. The fries were questionable. Honestly, I'd rather eat fish at Long John Silver's than eat here again.
We had heard so many good things about this restaurant, so we had to try it. This place was a major let down. Coming from New England, we were accustomed to fresh seafood. This place serves nothing but frozen seafood. We had fish, scallops, shrimp and crabettes. Nothing had any flavor at all. Very bland. The prices are reasonable and now I see why. Not worth the trip.
I don't know where all these reviews are coming from.  Simply put, Petes Fish and Chips is the best!  Shrimp and chips taste great!  Fries are great!  Burgers are great and the burritos are great!  I think most of these bad comments are from outsiders who were expecting some 5 star diner taste.  No, this is streets not classy dine in.  Everytime we hit Arizona, the first place I have to stop is Petes!  Now if you experience different, I don't know what to tell you...The only thing that stinks about this place is they don't accept cards!  Get some extra sauce too! :)
When a place is always as busy as Pete's is, it must be great, right?  That's almost always true but Pete's is an exception. It's actually a mystery. Why are people lining up for disgusting frozen fish? 
The first sign that we should have kept walking was that they had no malt vinegar, so I knew then that it wasn't going to be English-style fish and chips. Instead they give you a little cup of sauce that seems to be ketchup with a little horseradish mixed in. Not great and it reminded me of eating Van de Kamp's fish with ketchup when I was about five.
Bottom line- everything here comes from a freezer. All of it. Tasteless and greasy, we each ate one piece from our plates and threw the rest away.
How can they call this fish n chips without malt vinegar!  No hot sauce!  Wha!? Shrimp was 90% batter. Instead of fish, fish patties.  Someone please explain to me how so many are eating here. I can truly appreciate my own fish n chips place back at home.
Ive been coming here for many years.  I really enjoy the monster burgers and the red sauce.  Kinda funny going to a fish and chips joint just for the monster burgers but it is worth the trip for me.  Thank you Pete's and all that you do.
I vacillated between 1 and 2 stars for Pete's. In the end I decided on 2, but that is probably only because I was so hungry from a morning of construction work that I would've eaten nearly anything. When I think of real Fish and Chips, I think of what I had in London. This isn't what I had in London. This is what I ate in college during lent--store bought cheap fish patties. The shrimp weren't good either; tasted extremely fishy. The fries were soggy and bland.

I realize this is a fast food place, but I was hoping for something more than that. I'd honestly rather eat at Long John McGreaseball's.
What can I say about Pete's that most valley residents don't already know? We don't have a lot of fish joints out here in the desert, but Pete's has been around a long time, serving up some of the best fish and chips you'll find out here. You can get tasty, plentiful meals for very cheap, and their sauce goes well with just about everything. What's not to love?

The only thing I can say about this location is it can get quite busy and seating is limited, so that can sometimes be an issue. Plus, it's outdoors like most Pete's are, so it can be miserable in the Summer, even with the misters. They do not take any form of payment other than cash, so if you're carrying plastic, you're out of luck. Staff are not always that pleasant at this location either, I've noticed, but the good food seems to make up for that. I've been going here for years and plan to keep going for many to come!
Eeek! Methinks NOT for sure!! What a T E R R I B L E place to eat! We live in Glendale and have driven by Pete's at least once per week, and finally decided to give them a try. A TERRIBLE MISTAKE!! Ordered a #2 #3 and a #5 which none had a price listed & turned out to be $25. When we got our bag, the grease was seeping out of the bag and were told no tartar sauce or ranch was available (they don't do tartar only their weird "red"sauce), fine. When I saw the "fish" and "shrimp" it looked like something you would buy at the 99 Cents Only Store down the road, except, it was almost $9. It was greasy, cold, and obviously previously frozen. FOR PETE's SAKE please go elsewhere! Not worth your money or your time!!!
I don't trust any type of fish in the desert so I opted for the chicken nuggets and a chicken breast sandwich. The sandwich was very crunchy and the nuggets were nothing special. the sauce is similar to a sweetened tabasco sauce. If I had a choice I would choose chik-fil-a over Pete's any day of the week.
Classic spot in Arizona.  We don't have much to choose from when it comes to Fish & Chips...but its consistent.  I do wish they took Visa even if they charged a small fee for whoever wants to use their card.
Out Christmas shopping with my boys and have always thought of stopping by Pete's.  I've driven through Glendale many times in the last 27 years and it's always fascinated me how many people were there. That big of a crowd, it must be A) Inexpensive, B) Awesome, C) Unique...

I'll give them A as we ordered 3 x 2 piece fish and chips, but hesitate to call the $1.80 for a soda inexpensive based on convenience store prices.

Loved the look of the fish patties, square and crunchy, not that oily looking.  They were very thin and mostly crust.  When tasting without the sauce they were bland.  With the sauce, which may be the best thing about Pete's, they were quite good.  For a two piece fish meal with fries (thin, shoestring) you get a tiny little container of red sauce (not ketchup and not cocktail sauce, but something like spicy ketchup) that isn't enough to flavor everything, but you can buy another small container for 10 cents or so (or up to 14 oz for a little more).  The fries were under salted which isn't bad based on different people's taste, but lack of salt packets (or catchup or other condiments) readily available (some available behind counter if you wait in the line again) was a pain.

The two stars are because fish n chips don't appear to be their strong suit, or miss the mark of my expectations of some type of east coast or English fish and chips.  This isn't the type of place you are going to sit down with a bottle of malt vinegar and dip your beer batter fish or steak cut fries into.

The number of stars is also for the number of birds that are all over that want to take your food or at least stare you down as you a re eating. No one cleaning tables during the time I was there.  I'm also not a fan of cash only places with an ATM machine out front to charge me on their end and my banks end.

Now, I didn't have their shrimp or chicken or anything other than described above, but there are always a lot of people out there that must love something about Pete's.

After re-reading their menu on the internet and being somewhat taken back by having to purchase extra sauce I have to question their math abilities:

"Pete's Special Sauce made fresh daily
2 oz. - .10
5 oz. - .30
8 oz. - .60
14 oz. - .95"

Someone please tell me this is a joke because 7 x 2oz containers (14 oz) would only be .70 as opposed to .95?!?! Definitely has to be a joke, but almost worth dropping the rating to one star.
We use to go to Pete's all the time back in the day.  Haven't been in years so stopped by one Friday when I surprised the wife at work for lunch.  I should of kept driving.  Just nasty is all I can really say.  First off cash only, but no worry they have an ATM that charges you $3 for cash...Yeah that is pretty ghetto.  Well we order our fish and I was excited because Pete's was so good.  I was impressed by the prices, which should of been a clue.  Anyway, became annoyed that they charge extra for tarter sauce.   Anyway we got our meals.  I had the 1 piece fish and 4 piece shrimp.  The best way to sum this up is frozen overly processed fish.  Seriously Gorton's at the store is 10x better than this stuff.  Sad to see another Phoenix icon failing like Bill Johnson's.
Sorry, we're from Seattle, and this place wouldn't last a week there. Frozen processed fish patties are NOT fish and chips. How about fresh halibut or at least cod instead?
Best fish sticks and chips in downtown Glendale, and I only had to wait 45 minutes!
Processed fish patties?!  Why do a fish stand if you're only gonna serve that kind of stuff? I was really expecting some nice battered and fried fish, this place has been here for soooooo long. And you only take cash? This is 2014.
I don't think you press some white processed substance into a 9 iron shape and call it shrimp. Can someone send this to a lab or something? I need to know what I ate!!
First sign of I should have left was no credit card machine. But they do have an ATM they charge you to $2.50 cents to use. Second I ordered the fish and chips and had to pay 55 cents for tartar sauce, I thought tarter sauce should come with a fish n chips meal. All in all very shady charges for a meal not very good. I will not eat here again and I Will tell my friends not to either.
I don't know where all these negative comments are coming from.  My husband and I have been eating there for 40 years and 1) it's the same now as it has always been, and 2) if it wasn't excellent fish & chips they wouldn't be constantly busy.  Any given evening, the drive-thru line is packed, with a line out onto Glendale Ave waiting to get in.  We were 10th in the drive-thru tonight, and there were 5 cars in back of us.  I'm not real hot on their heavy-batter items (shrimp, onion rings) but we love the fish and chips!  Good stuff!!
I don't understand what the big hype is about, long drive thru lines , bumper stickers , t shirts , souvenir cups? I tried this place for the first time Friday night , girls at the counter are rude or ignorant or both , I got the 8 chicken strip combo with fries , the rest of my family got #2's which I think was the two planks and fried shrimp , everything was cold , while ordering I watched food go straight from a box that was frozen straight into the frier , everything was just bland , unless you drenched it with Pete's sauce , blech .
This place was a super big let down. Frozen fish squares? Cold unsalted fries? Flat pop? Frozen burger patties? And a burrito that looked like someone just popped open a banquet meal and pulled one out. The banquet would probably be better. Should have known the universe was trying to tell me to leave when they only take cash. It's the 21st century. Get with it. If you are looking for a better fish sandwich you'll have better luck at mcdonalds.
I don't understand how people can eat here. It's dry, it's bland, it's not appealing to my taste buds. I order the super seafood combo which included 2 pieces of fish, and 7 shrimps with fries. Honestly took a few bites of everything, I hate wasting food but however my stomach started acting up. I was slightly irritated that they charged for tarter sauce but gave me a ton of that red sauce which was gross. This place deserves 0 stars to be honest. I didn't think one could mess up frying fish but apparently they can. To be honest, better luck with Long John Silvers. I am still suffering from the food I ate but hopefully it'll pass.
I would have been better off going to the grocery store and buying frozen Fish Sticks.  My first clue was when I was told there was no malt Vinegar.  Seriously?  How dare you wear the flag of England on your shirts and tell me there is no vinegar.  When I order Fish and Chips, I expect a light, fluffy batter on an actual piece of fish that has not been chopped and frozen.  Ho can this place be an institution?
Now a lot of local residents will exclaim, "Pete's Fish and Chips is the BEST!" but I will have to markedly DISAGREE.  It is one of the ONLY fish restaurants in the area but honestly you are better off with a chain like Red Lobster than going here.  

Originally from Southern California, I was craving fish after moving to Arizona so I asked colleagues where to find good fish. They recommended Pete's.  I ordered a TON of food in anticipation.  I was disappointed with everything I ordered.  Does NOT taste fresh, breading is HORRIBLE and you need hot sauce to cover up the fishy taste and flavor of what they serve. Extremely disappointed.

If you've lived in the desert your ENTIRE life and never ventured elsewhere or really don't know what fresh fish is MAYBE(highly doubtful) you will enjoy Pete's. If you are from the coast, don't waste your money! 

Oh, and if you go, bring CASH.  They don't take debit cards because....hmmmm.mmmm...actually I can't think of a reason?  Oh wait! I think they make money off you using their cash machine...SWEET!(for them).
I've been a Pete's fan for over 45 years going back to the days of fresh cut fries and long slender crunchy shrimp.  For a quarter you could get two fish sandwiches.  I remember the patties being thicker with more fish and less breading. Pete's restaurant chain began changing their signature offerings sometime in the 1980's. I was a Pete's addict so I rolled with punches. The price and the red sauce will hook you in. This being said this store has taking an all time low. What's with the little flat over cooked dry shrimp nuggets, terrible.  Maybe a little salt to bring out the flavors. After  all these years I am looking for a new deep fried seafood fast food restaurant.
I was surprised to see how many bad reviews this place got, I mean I am not stupid, the food is greasy, soggy and not that great, but they've been around for ages so they must be doing something right, I mean someone likes their food, lots of someone's. I'll be honest, when I got to Arizona one of the first places I went was Pete's Fish and Chips, it's like an institution in Glendale. I always get the fried scallops and the fried burrito. Dipped in red sauce (Tabasco and ketchup) they go down nice. I've had the burgers and I'll never have them again. When I graduated from Dysart High School one of the things I didn't miss we're their cafeteria burgers, I sure as heck ain't gonna pay good money to eat the same burger from Pete's. The fries are good and the red sauce really does go on anything, not that you really have a choice in dips, red sauce comes with every meal. The orange soda is nice and fizzy and the cherry icees are nice and cold. It is pretty annoying that they only take cash, but the regulars already know to bring cash with them. The employees aren't the most responsive of workers, but that is something you come to expect with these old and set in their way type of joints. After I eat at Pete's I feel fat and greasy and don't even want to think about the food for about a week, but after that I am right back there with $10 I one hand and a roll of napkins in the other. I can't hate on Pete's Fish and Chips and I can't talk badly about them because I know I'll always be back and would be sad if they ever went away. "Quick, here comes the food inspector, put your gloves on, pull your hairnets over your hair, and for gods sake pull your pants up!"
Oh my Ed's Fish N' Chips, you sure are cookin' up some tasty seafood! Your quality of food is comparable to some higher priced restaurants. Yippy!  I've had the oysters, the fish sandwich, and the fish and chips, and everything was delicious. (Really it was!) They make their own sauces too.  The building in is a little older, but the restaurant is clean.  The service has always been very friendly.  Check it out! 

Good seafood, friendly service, prices, clean.
I paid $27 for 8 fish and chips, cole slaw and hush puppies.  I was very disappointed.  Fish was square patty,  cole slaw taste terriable, KFC's taste much better.  4 tiny tiny hush puppies are $1.50.  I had better fish and chips at Ivar's in Seattle, WA and Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco.  It didn't worth it.
Two words...Sea Dog!! Oh my goodness, they are so yummy. Take a hot dog bun (genius!), add a nice piece of fried Cod, coleslaw on top, and their very own red sauce and BAM! you got yourself a great Sea Dog!! The owners are super friendly as well as the staff. Try also the fried clams and oysters-super good!
Same place, same value, same deliciousness my entire life
Closed - drove by on July 17 and is out of business
I can't comment on the food quality because we did not make it past the ordering. My wife and I walked in for the first time ever and the first thing my wife said is the air conditioning off? the young man happily said " We don't turn on the air conditioning  during the summer because it cost's too much". With that my wife said, and I agree " We are not eating here and turned around and left. As we where walking out the door the young man said " have a nice day!". I don't care if the food is FREE we are not spending our money in a place that doesn't cater to there customers needs by at least turning on the air conditioning. I can't help but wonder what else they are cutting corners on because " it costs too much".
I am not a big fan of eds and the one on 51st closed from what I hear. We came here cause my husband has been craving it. So far when we walk in the air cond is on... the service is great. They have thursday night special 10 percent off all combos and kids meal deals. There is thursday night karaoke. Nice to get together with family here on thursdays. This location on central seems clean. You can actually see the cooks getting their cook on in kitchen. I will update on food when I try it.
Just finished my lunch @ Ed's. Normally I don't like to write a bad review but I think this is one that needs to be out there. The place was clean the staff friend and the service good. That being said when my order of fish and chips was delivered to my table I saw what looked like 2 frozen style fish sticks. They were crispy that is to say overdone. I'm glad I only ordered the two piece because it wasn't worth finishing . 
I have been looking for a good Fish and Chip place in the SW valley and as of now the search will continue . Sorry but as much as I wanted good F & C's this wasn't it.
If you crave English pub style fish and chips, You will find it here.... Plenty of it, and in many varieties. They fry up cod, haddock, catfish, mahi mahi, and salmon as well as salmon or crab cakes.  I've tried the haddock.  It's very good fish, but hard to escape the gallons of oil.  

They serve sausages of many types.  Saveloy and Bangers, Battered sausage on a stick.....   They have traditional side dishes, like mushy peas, bubble, cole slaw, pickled eggs and mashers.  They make scotch eggs, chicken curry, and several combination plate dinners as well.

 They have pies, but not the kind of pies one would find in England.  These are the packaged "fast food" version from Australia.  They are good for mass produced pies, but not better than one would expect to pop out of the freezer.  Don't go to the Codfather for the pies.  Go for the fish and chips.


On Saturday and Sunday from 8am to noon, they serve a Full English Breakfast for $8.99.  This consists of eggs, both bacon AND sausage, either beans or a thick slice of fried tomato, bubble (the sort of veggies leftover from a roast dinner with cabbage fried up with potatoes), mushrooms, black pudding, and fried bread.

It isn't fancy...  The place is in a small strip mall and has large windows, fast food booths and tables, a TV on the side, and lots of magic market or painted posters hawking new treats or specials. If your comfort food is something British, you will find it here.... if not, go for the fish.
Despite Sarabear's review, we came for the pie. I went with a friend who is from New Zealand who grew up eating the pies. It was a bit of nostalgia for her, and for that alone it gets a star. 

The food was decent. I ended up with a small cod and chips and the portion was just right. Pair it with a beer and you've got a great lunch under $10. The fish was nice and crispy but I felt like there wasn't a ton of fish underneath all the crunch. I was a little disappointed in the chips, not as crispy as I would have liked and very little seasoning. 

I can't comment on the beer selection as I'm not a conoissuer but they had a decent choice of bottles. I ended up with Paulaner Hefe Weizen, friend had a Coors Light (give her a break, she's a Kiwi and that's imported for them!). 

The staff was friendly and very nice. Apparently, my friend's steak and cheese pie wasn't warm enough in the center and they took it back and gave her a brand new one to eat. The place seemed to be a doing a steady business (lots of cops, mailmen, and construction workers) and they seemed to know the regulars who stopped by.
As good as it gets. If you want REAL fish and chips this is the only place in the Valley that will get the job done. It was like being back in England ... First Class Sir!
I always found the cod to be greasy. Good but greasy. 

Maybe I should try something else?
I finally found a British restaurant in the North Valley and what wonderful fish and chips.  I've eaten in other Phoenix British oriented restaurants, but the fish in this small, unique place is the best.  I went to Southend, England last fall and had fish and chips, I can honestly say, it was a perfect match to The Codfather fish, very good.  You'll want to try all their various dishes and specialty items, but be careful with the sausage rolls, they make the sausage fresh every day and you end up taking several home with you.  They have now opened their Pub, attached to the restaurant with various brands of ale and beer.  You'll find this a perfect reminder of the UK, they also have carry-out and you can order large meals to go also.  Try it, you'll really love it and don't forget the salt and malt vinegar; the non-English will probably ask for tartar sauce.
Love this place. 
It was a weekly spot for me. 
Weekends they serve an English Breakfast. $9 flat rate.They offer the meal as a whole or you can a la carte it and buy elements of it. 
The breakfast was tasty, always hot. I enjoyed with a pot of hot tea with milk. 

As for their namesake, the fish and chips are good. The timing is a bit slow. But it's always hand battered and fried to order. The chips are not typical american thin and crispy, they are thick, a bit soggy, but delicious. 
All sauces are on available upon request. 
They just recently acquired their liquor license and now you can enjoy a Guiness or New Castle with lunch. 

Great place for a quick bite.
I have to start with an old UK Joke. 

"How did you find the steak and kidney pie? "   

"I moved a chip...  

The plusses. They have hard cider:) The chips are not those evil stringy jokes  that  pass for fast food places "or the  crisp and crunchy variants they are pretty  close to decent home made chips  but  having grown up in the uk and eating this for  3-4 years during college   ( and they wonder why Scots have the most heart disease  outside of  New Orleans:))   this is  not just like home.    

 This is still very much  fish and chips at the "sit down"   rather than take out level. E.g   They are adequate but  didn't kick me back  nostalgia wise and  so far in the US I've not found decent ( aka bad:)  UK food that didn't come out of one or two suppliers  in the states and was lovingly heated to the same directions. 

The steak and kidney pie, holy heck it was lame. I'm eating offal here so you have to give me some credit for knowing when the piss is being taken.   It's not an fully enclosed pie like they would serve in the UK which is finger food meant to be consumed on the move which doesn't describe this 80% crust to filling ratio at all.

This needs a fork, and  not that big a one cos three  trawls of the pieplate was all I  got out of it.  So far the only place that has gotten remotely  close to UK pastry  is the  Cornish pastie co in Tempe. Seriously this alone took it from 3 to 2 stars.If it cost $2 more but actually contained the advertised ingredients in identifiable lumps I'd be happier as it is less insulting  in the long run. 

Nearly everyone else fakes it  and cooks a filling, then crust and marries them later  to heat. Having ketchup in packets is just bloody annoying, not having brown sauce out  likewise.     

Hint  Cross the road. Go to the Indian grocery , to their freezer  section and get their steak and kidney pie /  steak pie /  any pie   , Go to Codfather for chips,  stick the two together.
I have been here several times now and apart from one instance, the fish n chips have always been excellent. The secret is knowing which days the owners (Brits) are working in there, because on those days you are going to get the real deal as thought you were in England. 

The bubble & squeak is also authentic and good.

The atmosphere is reminiscent of the UK, with some nice photos of the UK adorning the walls and the smells and sounds of a chippie surrounding you.

On Tuesdays they have 'open mike night' which is fine if you enjoy that kind of thing (pipes, beards and sandals anyone?).

Of course real chip shops do not sell alcohol as they don't have liquor licenses, but the British bar is a welcome addition and it means you can do the pub and chip shop all in one place! :)
Food was a 4
Decor was a 3
Music on Tuesday 4.5

Hey, I stopped by this authentic British Fish N Chips joint last night and was surprised that I could not find a spot near the restaurant  entrance to park at the parking lot was full and this was a small strip center on Bell road with retail and service stores that were all closed. The place was relatively full for a Tuesday night at 7PM...more on that.

Since I felt like having authentic "Fish and Chips" the very nice lady behind the counter says "What kind of fish"? They have traditional Cod and Halibut and Salmon and Corvina. Plus Shrimp and Scallops and a lot more.Well in as much as I have been trying to minimize the fried foods in my life, I felt that I was down a Quart of Oil....so what the heck. Hey I just ran the 1/2 marathon last week, so go for it. 

Had a piece of cod and the scallops as well and an order of onion rings. I must say, I was impressed with the fish and scallops. Very crispy cod and a nice portion as well. I had 10 scallops ($6.00) which are scallops and nothing else but for $6.00. Pretty good.  Was not impressed with the miniscule serving of tartar sauce and it's $.25 extra per serving (about a tablespoon). Well I must admit I like a little fish with my Tartar sauce. Don't get me wrong, I was impressed with the flavor of the food. I guess I just had too much oil. Maybe that's why I did not like the onion rings as much. They were good but by now, I reached my limit of oil.Again, fish is expensive and these portions were very nice.

Here's the biggest surprise and would have given The Codfather another 1/2 star if Yelp allowed half stars which I guess they don't. It's open mike Tuesday and there was a pretty decent band playing. 4 pieces; Banjo, bass, 2 guitars. After a few sets, a duet with a gal and guitar and a guy playing a mandolin were next. Pretty good, gave the place a nice buzz, people were listening and it was an added bonus to my Tuesday meal. 

Finally....Thursday night these Brits open it up to an Irish Band (Raic) and I'm going to go...for some food and music. A very nice surprise in N. Phoenix. They might get to 4 stars soon. 

all the best
Excellent, legit British working mans food. This place has it all. Great atmosphere, great people, and great chow.  A fun place to eat for very little cash. An absolute must try!
Why are there two listings on Yelp for this place?

Ever since my trip to Europe last March 2008, I get a hankering for real beer-battered fish and chips now and then. This pairing is not complete in my mind until you serve it with a steaming hot side of mushy peas. As it would turn out, mushy peas are hard to come by here in the desert, but I am not one to give up so easily. (Rosie's, by the way, doesn't have this buttery little delicacy, reminiscent of Linda Blair on a particularly possessed and angry day.) To my sheer delight, The Codfather did not disappoint! Though just a bit mushier than I remember them being across the ocean, these mushy peas are seasoned well and have a nice buttery flavor.

There are a variety of fish on the menu for your liking. I had the 4 oz. portion of the traditional cod and found it to be more than enough, good flavor and good texture. It sat atop a modest portion of soggy chips in a plastic basket lined with wax paper and was served with a small serving of tartar sauce in a clear plastic bucket with a lid (cocktail sauce was an option too). My husband had the 7 oz. portion of sea bass served on a plate and I did not like it as much - it was a bit too soggy throughout. After tasting my cod, he said he wished he had ordered the same instead.

SAVING GRACES: Fun mementos throughout! The Union Flag, a photo of the Queen, Charles and Diana, a double decker bus, a sign for Picadilly Circus...The menu! Everything British, from Scottish Eggs to Cornish Pasties, Even the dessert is fried, so go elsewhere if you're recovering from your bypass surgery.

GRIPES: Greasy fish & chips difficult to eat in the small plastic basket - a plate would have been helpful. Need patience to squeeze out enough ketchup from the little packets on the tables. Being environmentally minded and too hungry to waste time tearing open 10 little ketchups, a refillable squeeze bottle would have been great. They use them for the hot sauce instead...a little misleading. Stingy serving of tartar sauce served with all portion sizes of fish. Extra sauces will cost you .25 cents each. More like a diner and less like a pub.

Imagine! A little taste of nostalgia only 5 minutes from my house. And at under $10, my husband is thrilled at the money we're saving now that I don't have to buy an international plane ticket in this economy.

If it's mushy peas you're looking for, you've come to the right place! If  you can do without, hit Rosie McCaffrey's for the best fish and chips in town with the ambience of an international pub.
OI!


This is great food. I have had several types of fish here, the cornish pastie, the bangers and mash ( excellent!), Scotch Eggs, and the English Breakfast, which is sadly, no longer with us.

The owners are Brits, and they explained that there were no fish n chip shops in Phoenix, so I, for one, am very glad they opened this place.

A fine selection of beers and british treats rounds out an awesome restaurant, in fact, the only reason they don't get a 5 is the lack of English Breakfast. I want my Blood Sausage, damnit!
This place is awesome!

It is a little pricey, but sometimes they have an all-you-can-eat fish and chips special for about $10 which is totally worth it.

The food is authentic, I haven't had fish and chips this good anywhere else in Phoenix (especially not at Pete's) the chips are cut thick, the fish is fresh and tastes hand battered, the fillets are whole. Plenty of tartar sauce and malt vinegar too.

If you're into beer, the place has a great selection of Euro brews. There's Soccer on the TVs, they sell all kinds of awesome Irish and Scottish and British foods, and they have some of the wildest flavors of Potato Crisps from England also.

The place is absolutely packed on Fridays, so expect a wait. They also close a bit early, like around 8pm typically. So plan your trip. It's worth the trouble.
JUNE 2014: It's been a while since I've been in so I thought I would update my review --- FOR THE BETTER!
The Codfather serves AUTHENTIC British fish & chips like you would find at the village chippy in England. Authentic texture and flavor, especially with malt vinegar and salt like you should. I've tried everyone else in town with their quirky British names and pub atmospheres, but guess what? Their fish n chips doesn't EVEN compare. I had the tilapia lunch special with an extra piece of fish. The talapia has a different texture and taste than the cod of course.
Ask for extra crispy! Crunchy batter is what it's all about! This would work better with the cod since it's a moister fish.
The chips are the most authentic as well.

The place has improved GREATLY since I've been there last. You enter at the left door now at the pub area and you're seated by friendly uniformed staff. It used to be that you order at the counter and then seat yourself. Much more like a proper restaurant now which is a big plus. Arrived in time last week for the second half of a World Cup game with England playing. There was absolutely NO OTHER PLACE TO BE for the game! Screens were everywhere.

Also the beer selection has greatly improved.
Friday and Saturday still have the all you can eat fish at $12.95 I think. The price went up over the years but hey my original review was 2007. We had to wait a while for our meals but that's OK they were backed up a bit. I'm sure it will be OK when you go.
The taste and texture of the fish n chips were PERFECT.
We visited The Codfather recently, not really knowing what to expect nor really having any preconceived notions, as I hadn't looked on Yelp yet.  

First impressions - I was really disappointed that there wasn't more of a pub atmosphere.  The interior is very close to being fast food, and not even as nice as some.  You order at a counter and the food is delivered to your table.

I would agree with the earlier reviewers on some things.  I ordered the large portion of the Cod fish & chips.  I thought the portion size and the fish were quite good.  The batter was crispy and not greasy.  The chips were terrible though.  They were limp, soggy and tasted as if the oil should have been changed about two weeks ago.  I also had some shrimp which were good, but not outstanding.  I too was put off by the cheap "nickel and dime" approach - $.25 for more tartar sauce????  And I didn't like the $.35 surcharge for using my debit card.  I thought for a minute I was at ARCO's fish and chips!!   

So, the fish was a 4, the chips were a 1, and the decor was maybe a 3.  I have to stretch to give The Codfather a 3 overall.  We will probably keep getting the fish, but for take-out.
The Codfather is another great strip-mall find! This one is on 16th St. &  Bell.

It's an interesting style of joint. Seems to be part take-out, part sit-in, part pub, part mini-grocery. You can run in and get some fish n' chips to go, or sit down and have them bring your order to you on real plates, with your ale in real pint glasses (16oz not imperial pints). There's even some gaming in an adjoining area. Billiards, anyone? [More...]

The cod was excellent. Heavy fillets battered up and fried crisp.  A little bit greasy, but I suppose if it was wrapped up in newsprint - it would be perfect. Fries are large and fresh. A little on the limp sde, but they sure beat the stuff fast food joints call fries. They even make sure to give you thescrap batter chips along with the fries and fish. That's the best part of "chips" in my opinion. Of course malt vinegar is on the tables - you have to walk to get ketchup if you choose to do that to your fries.

Too bad we were both in the mood for cod, because we didn't bother to explore the menu, which is pretty much typical English fare. Bangers n' mash (or squeak), sausage rolls, scotch eggs, shepherd's pie...and they offer daily specials of different fish, shrimp, scallops and other goodies. They have happy hour too 3-6p  if you want to toss back a few pints of their awesome selection of import beers on draught or in bottle!

Even though it was almost closing time on a Sunday - the staff was congenial and helpful. Because it was almost closing time we didn't bother to really check out the game room nor the selection of British foods, candies and trinkets available behind the bar. We will save that for our next trip...which will be soon.

4 Stars.
This place has delicious fish and chips. I've only gotten the halibut so far. After the first time I went, I thought about going back all week! I'm new to Phoenix and so far this is my favorite place to eat.
I really want to give more than three stars, because my family loves this place.  However, the food is so greasy that I got ill once.  Great British beer selection and I love the football on the telly.

Owners are very friendly.  Even took me behind the bar to show the Guinness stout dispensing apparatus.  

Not suggesting the food wasn't fresh and good.  It was.  And I have eaten here four or five times so it can be only so bad.  Just watch how much you consume if  a lot of grease doesn't sit well with you.  I believe they will broil your selection and that would resolve the problem.
This place is truly a Gem among Gems...it gets The Highest Review for a few reasons: Great Food. Very authentic English Cod and awesome Pasties! 

They also have a mini English-only mart with British snacks (Smarties, Crunchies, Walkers Chips and much more) they EVEN have Barley Water if you're looking for bitterness in a bottle. 

The BEST part, however, is the Bar which is NOT very big, but don't let the size and strip-mall feel deceive you, they probably have one of the best and most diverse draft beer selections in town. On Tap is NewCastle, London Pride, & Tetley's as for others they have Smithwicks, Kilt Lifter and they're always rotating great other beers in and out. 

They also have a Guinness Surger which takes pure but flat Guinness and sends an ultra-sonic pulse through the pint glass, releasing the gases in the Guinness beer, which then settles into a smooth velvet pint with a creamy head. In my opinion BETTER than Guinness draft, you MUST try one!

They have a very cool Tuesday Open-Mic Night and other nightly specials. It's inexpensive, with a friendly staff and not too far off the 51 or the 101...All around a 5/5!
Unlike other fish 'n chips places in the city, this one offers other British fare as well: bangers and mash, bubble and squeak, and more (see the menu board pic I posted). I ordered the small cod and small order of fries, plus a crab cake. The fries were cut a bit thicker than you would find at most fast food places (this does have the look of a fast food joint, except for the bar area). I had anticipated mediocre fries at most, having previously read some of the reviews here, but  the batch I got was quite good; crispy outside, moist and tender within. The same description could be applied to the fish - except that the battered cod was swimming in oil, and the fries were not. The crab cake was a good size - about the size of the palm of a hand - and just as thick, had lots of crab meat but also quite a bit of surimi (imitation crab) as an extender. That was OK, it still tasted good and I like surimi. Like the fish, though, it was drenched in oil. I'm thinking of coming back to try the other fare, or even the fish and crab cake again - they're tasty and not expensive. I just need to take the precaution of letting a paper napkin soak up much of the oil first.
Will make this short and sweet - nice peeps, ok food.

I have been on a seafood kick and I really wanted fish and chips. I happened to be on that side of town and saw this as I was driving past, remembering reading a review on  yelp a while back...tires screeching, I did my infamous U-Turn that's made hubcaps on my old '67 Mustang roll off onto the side of the road...luckily I now drive a car that doesn't lose hubcaps so easily. ;)

Stopped in and got fish & chips and some water. The water was good. :D

The fish and chips were ok. People have complained about the greasiness, but I'll be honest...if the fish and chips aren't greasy, I get worried. When I lived in the UK, fish and chips were always greasy.

The fish was nice - I got cod...I'd love to give their other stuff a shot when I am on that side of town again. I'd also like to bring along hubby since he's a discerning Brit. He can drink the beer and tell me if it's good or not. ;)
I am really stuck in the middle here with Codfathers.  Part of me loves this place.  They have football on the telly, marmite, and tons of good beers.  The other part of me hates it because of the greasy food and the STRANGE clam chowder.  I just don't know what to do.

I order the mahi and chips.  The fries were really boring and cold.  The fish was decent but really wasn't cooked all the way through.  I also ordered a bowl of clam chowder.  I was expecting something like Ivars and got some runny cioppino-like stew.  It was really bad until I salted the hell out of it.  Then, it got strangely addictive and I couldn't stop eating it.  

Really weird.  I'd like to come back here but I don't think it's going to happen.  I'm sure my wife hated it.
I'm really disappointed that I have to write such a poor review for this place.  I'm not a big fan of fish, but I love it when it's all fried up and served with fries, so I wasn't worried about coming here.

When we walked in, I was a little confused at the setup, but it kind of grew on me.  It was very clearly a mom and pop style place, and I can definitely appreciate that.  The decor was pretty awful, but endearing at the same time.  I'm not sure why they were trying to cover up their wood tabletops with awful cheap tablecloths, but to each their own.  I also liked their impressive selection of British foodstuffs.

I wasn't too hungry, so I ordered the smaller portion of the cod and chips.  I really liked that they gave you the option to order a little less.  Maybe I was under the wrong impression that this should be a faster service restaurant because you order at a counter and pay at the counter, but our food took forever to get out to us.  The unfortunate things was seeing the cook put our fries onto our plate well before the fish made it.  That left us with lukewarm fries.  The fries, well, they sucked.  They weren't the crispy kind and they weren't salted at all.  The fish, I hate to say it, was disgusting.  It was over-battered and wasn't cooked long enough.  That left me with a nasty mess of mush all over my fish.  I had to scrape it all of to be edible.

Since this place calls themselves the Codfather, and I wasn't pleased with what is supposedly their specialty, I certainly don't see myself coming back.
Been back several times. Still great. Exploring "English fare" is tricky. Some of it is definitely an acquired taste, I'm sure. But Fish n chips are always good. Staff always friendly. 

They have Aero Bars. That alone is worth the trip if u ask me.
Cool place I'm not English but I do like the fish and chips. I agree with some of the other reviewers the frys are just stock off the truck frys nothing special. I would recommended it for lunch, you can get in and out pretty quick and its a good change of pace from the normal burger joint
bought a 8 dollar bottle of lucozade a british soda that was flat and out of date had sausage that also tasted funny not good
I tried, I really did. I tried to like this place. I've never been to England, and I'm afraid to go if the food is like this. 

My sixth (or so ) visit to the Codfather was on Saturday for lunch. I had the large cod plate. As always, the food was way too oily. It really tastes the fish and chips were coeked in too old oil, at too low of a temperature. The breading on the fish is too thick and should use something, maybe even salt, to give some flavor.
Great fish & chips... Very very pricey for what u get!  Unless you go on friday... but the Halibut is crazy expensive... One piece for 11 bucks... ??? Yeah....
Loved it. It's a mom-and-pop sort of place, but the fish and chips were delicious, and the prices were very reasonable. Had the cod and a banana fritter for dessert. Great stuff.
Really enjoyed this family restaurant experience.

Great fish fried crispy on the outside.

Great beer selection. Perhaps too much footy on the telly though.

While I could not find a fish and chip shop  in  the UK while I was there  I can count on the Codfather when I return to Phoenix.
Divey kind of place for authentic standard English pub fare. Has my favorite English ciders and ales, which are hard to find in the desert. Fries are the homemade type, but not overly greasy. Fish is good, we had a fish and chips plate for $8.90 and were offered a couple of shrimp for a $1 more.. THAT didnt impress. The shrimps were ''shrimpy'', as in tiny and not tasty. Also shared the standard pub bangers and mash. Very good and like I had in London. The ambience, umm , not pubby. The bar, not great.. BUT its what you want when you want it. Staff was awesome, maybe a bit slow, (the lady ordered after us got the same thing and got her order about 10 min before we did).. Again, its a place for your yang for English fare and brew..
I was super stoked to find out that they had swordfish & chips!! great little restaurant!  Lots of English ales and pub favorites!
So I've gone here a few times in the past, but after my last experience...NEVER AGAIN!  What a jerk the owner is!  Since I would go in once in a while for the haddock and chips I figured I'd get their restaurants.com coupon where it is $10 off.  I go in with my girlfriend and show the coupon.  Immediately there is a problem.  I have used restaurant.com coupons dozens of times and there has never been an issue.

The manager talks to me and explains they don't allow the coupn on any items on the specials list and a bunch of other things they won't accept it on, limiting my selection to about three items.  None of which I like/want.  It doesn't say anything on the coupon about this and then the owner (the British dude) comes over and angrily expresses that they never wanted to be on that site and they are not honoring the coupon anymore.  I made the point in a calm manner that I've been a loyal customer and he says he doesn't care and won't accept the coupon.  Why not?  It is out there.  I purchased it.  Nothing on there says it is limited to certain items.  $10 is $10.  If he accepted it I would have spent plenty of money on that visit, plus future visits.  Never again will I give them my money.  I don't support jerks whose food is just average at best anyway.  Might be the only place to get haddock, but it isn't worth it.

PS-It isn't the only place to get Haddock in Phoenix.  Wanna know where?  Message me and I'll tell you.
I just had the fish and chips to go.  Both tasted like they'd been fried in month-old grease.  Maybe I shouldn't have gotten it to go because by the time I got it home the fish was soggy.  The chips were obviously of the frozen Ore-Ida' prepackaged, card board type.  The smell was very unpleasant. This was actually two step below Long John's.
Truly authentic English fish and chips - I was back in England two weeks ago, had Fish N Chips three times and The Codfather was better than two of them...  I LOVE the English breakfast they do at the weekend (but don't open until 10:00) as well as the homemade pies, pasties and sausage rolls... they also have an English store section in there for various English goodies and frozen food as well as a great bar section with a wide range of English / European beers both draft and bottled. Well worth a visit!
Fantastic fish, shrimp, chicken strips. A little grease never hurt anyone, right ?

I go once a month. It's always a great experience.
Used Resturant.com to try this place and it is the reason I stopped by. Had a $10 coupon, had to get regular items to total before we could use it on the special or alcohol, not a big deal as I understand they need to make money to stay in business. (unlike other people whining here)

It's in a strip mall, but inside its a nice place, love the ambiance. The food was outstanding. Garlic Onion Rings, melt in your mouth good. Also had the Calamari and Cod and Sea Bass. Enough food for a lunch repeat the next day. Yes, the food would kill you if you did it everyday, but for a treat it is great.

The authentic foods were cool. I'll probably be back the next time I get a craving. The Onion Rings were that good.
I decided to give this place a try. We had a coupon so why not?
I ordered the fried cod and chips and my husband ordered the mahi mahi. We a few shrimp and some onion rings as well.
The decor is simple. The place felt a bit warm inside, but it was clean. They have an all u can eat fish fry on fridays.  I just got the large cod and chips plate. It came with 2 meaty, crispy pieces of fish and I did not care for the chips.  But then, I am not a french fry gal anyway. The fish was not greasy and perfectly battered. The tartar sauce is ok. a bit on the sweet side. My husband really enjoyed his mahi mahi with cocktail sauce. I thought the cocktail needed more of a kick, but it was fine.  I LOVE the garlic onion rings. It is a must if you go. Every table had a order of them so i figured they must be good and ordered them. I am glad we did! The dipping sauce is tasty too! If your in the area for some decent grub. Stop in. The service is friendly and the gal at the counter was helpful if you had any questions. They also serve curry,pasties,sweets and much more.
We decided to give this place a try, this is very average to us but you might think different fish left an Itch in both our mouths....and we thought we might get sick but didn't, It was OK but not great from what we had,..I think if you are looking for British groceries this is fine...maybe the other foods they offer are better?....I don't know...we just wanted to try....but they were crowded....maybe they are normally better 

As a slight update I think we had itchy throats from all the oil in the air....we aren't used to that...the air was itchy and we kept coughing. 

The fried fish was tasty...we had cod and Maui Maui (the Maui Maui was sort of fishy tasting the cod was better) his fries were hot and fresh mine were old and cold. Thankx Guys!
Wow!! Delicious. We got the mahi mahi fish & chips & can I just say wow! Super natural sweet fish taste where you could eat it without anything added. The potato crisps are delicious & so are there are chips!
Definitely the very best fish and chips in the valley. Mark and Ruth truly make you feel at home, great atmosphere
Fish is very good and the chips are good if you don't get them to go.
The bar area has a good selection of beers on tap (Kronenbourg being my favorite)
The staff are friendly and the prices reasonable.
As other reviewers have said - the decor is simple, and does remind me of Fish and Chip Shops back in England (I am an ex-pat)
The grocery section has a decent selection and you can find some decent imported English foods
I thought there was too much oil left on the fish.  I joking tell friends it's like getting a quart of oil with your dinner.  I've tried them a few times now and I just can't deal with all the oil.  I even talked to the manager.  I asked if the oil wasn't hot enough or what...  I didn't get a satisfactory answer.  I give up on this place.  Try Oscar's Pier 83 instead; it's worth the drive.
Wow, I came on here to send a link about this place to a friend and was surprised to see so many neg reviews.  My family moved over here from Yorkshire, in the UK, when I was a kid and has been on the look out for good fish and chips ever since!  The Codfather is the first place in 25 years that passed muster.  My folks drive miles all the way from the East Valley to go to this place and I drive up from central Phoenix to join them.  Yorkshire could be considered the epicenter of the fish and chip addicted Brit and even gets riffed on for it.  

The couple that own this place imported their fryer equipment and alot of their ingredients from the UK - they even have haddock on the menu which you NEVER see anywhere out here (haddock is a flaky north atlantic white fish that is superior to cod - do not get cod if you can have haddock instead).

As I read the neg reviews I realize most of them appear to be reviewing the type of food vs. the restaurant. Its like giving a bad review to an Indian restaurant if you don't like Indian food - not cool.

Yes, its a hole in the wall and the owner is a no-nonsense Londoner, and yes, NEWSFLASH: fried food is greasy!  But these are the best authentic British fish and chips you will get.  If you don't like that type of food, don't slam a (small, hard working, family run) restaurant thats doing a really good job at it.

Some educational tidbits for the uninitiated:

1.They serve chips not fries - chips are soft not crisp
2. Ask for/try HP sauce with it - thats what many Brits prefer over ketchup
3. Don't get it to go if you can avoid it- the heat of the food in the container continues to steam the food and its not as good (or the batter as crisp) when you get it home
4. In the Northern UK you primarily get haddock, in the south its mostly cod, which is greasier - try haddock if you've never had it.
5. The reason vinegar is typically applied to fish and chips is to cut the grease - give it a whirl
We eat here a lot, and love the food!  No matter how busy the place is, the service is good and the staff is friendly.

Try the all you can eat cod on the weekends...you'll be busting at the seams when you leave!
Great value.  Excellent cod.  Pretty good mahimahi.
My wife was in a mood for fish & chips, and with the closing of Chuy's (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-_LMicC814) we haven't had a good place for a fish fry.  I searched for Fish & Chips on Yelp and found The Codfather.  I went to England on business last year and I was struck by how British restaurant this place looks.  It was clean but well-worn in a kind of homey way.  Looking past the decor, I noticed the wide-ranging collection of ales and stouts from all over the UK. I asked what beers were on tap and the girl started with Boddington's.  She didn't get any further.  If you haven't tried one, do it.  

I went in planning on fish and chips, but then I saw bangers and mash (sausage and mashed potatoes with onion gravy) on the menu.  Wife ordered the cod and chips.  When our orders arrived, wife found the cod flaky and well battered, but a bit greasy.  The bangers and mash were flavorful, but heavy on the salt.  I'd have liked the potatoes better if they had lumps -- I suspect they were instant.  We'll probably go back, sometime but Wife is still missing her favorite fish at Chuy's.
Just ate there for lunch today and it was... decent. The Cod was pretty good, but the fries were awful. I had better Fish & Chips at TGI Friday's last week. Truth.
They no longer carry Guinness Draught. It has been replaced with Murphy's Irish Stout ($3/pint by the way). If ordering on the restaurant side, the cashiers are always underage, so they can never advise you on specialty beers available. Not a huge deal - but if you are stopping in for a pint, it's probably easier to sit on the bar side. 

I also wish this place offered table service rather than ordering at the counter. Again, another reason to sit at the bar, I suppose.

Fish n chips still good!
The fish and chips were decent, but my husband's shepherd's pie was literally a frozen TV dinner that they'd microwaved - in a black plastic dish and everything. 

(Also, the vinegar was definitely watered down. I could barely taste it even after saturating the fish.)
Before I say anything, I want to give the proprietors of this business mad props on the name.   Although they don't make an offer that I can't refuse, the name alone is tempting enough to give the place a try even though fried fish isn't really my thing.

It's fish and chips.  Greasy, oily, fried fish and french fries.   If that's what you're looking for, then this is the place for you.  If you're looking for some sort of classy cuisine because it's british, then Codfather is the wrong joint for you.

My girlfriend and her parents are from across the pond, and they love this little strip mall fast-food spot.  They say its the closet fish and chips in the valley to England.  I've never been to Europe, so I wouldn't know.  They're also big fans of the minimart Codfather has set up by the register.  It has a bunch of foods imported from the UK that you can't find anywhere else.

Codfather has a nice little variety of fish to bread and fry.  There's also a decent menu of british meals and fast-food meats.  A good selection of imported beer also makes for a nice dining experience.  On the night we dined at Codfather, they were hosting some sort of poker tournament.  I didn't ask what the deal was, but it looked like a lot of fun.  And if you didn't know it was a british restaurant just based on the menu, there's plenty of flags and soccer (oh, sorry, I guess that's football in here) on the TV.
So my guy and I tried this place tonight. We loved the name and the smell coming out of the kitchen was amazing! I really recommend the garlic rings for the amazing flavor. The food was made fresh so we waited a bit and that was cool with us but the amount of grease contained in the fish and chips and the onion rings was a bit overwhelming. Fish had a nice flavor but that batter just sucks up waaaaaay too much oil from the fryer. 

So it was fun to try it out but we probably won't be back.
All right,

Get off your shagging, high horse, forget your  fast food, expect some (much needed abuse from Mark And Ruth (the owners) and stuff your face with the best fish and chips in the valley (coming from a "Brit" take it as Gospel)
Poker night, a bar, bands, a British shop with all the yummy, very bad for you chocolate, crisps, sausage, meat pies, and all the other things that are sooooooo bad for us but oh, my god, taste...sooooooo good. Go here, forget your 60's and just enjoy the family run business that never fails to deliver.
The fish they use is high quality, you can see and taste it but that is about it for positive comments. We went on the 1st Friday of Lent and the place was packed. We saw a 2 top table at the bar so we grabbed it. The table was greasy and dirty, complete with a dollop of tartar sauce smack dab in the middle. The miserable bartender sluggishly came over and took our order. I guess we had to run a tab since we were sitting in the bar area bc she took our credit card when we ordered. No big deal except she when she brought it back she slapped it down right on top of the tartar sauce spill left on the center of the table. She either didn't notice or didn't care that the table was filthy bc she never wiped it down for us and she was so ornery looking we were afraid to ask her to do it for us. We were not in a crazy hurry to eat but the people around us were getting restless. Apparently, some of them had been waiting for over an hour for their order. Now, I try to be as understanding as possible but seriously? It doesn't take that long to fry fish. The nasty bartender just replied to the complaining customers that the kitchen got slammed with orders and it was taking a long time. No apology just an excuse. Ok, I get it ,they got hit with a bunch of orders at once. They were busy, I understand,  it was the first Friday of Lent but of course they were busy!!!! It is a fish restaurant on the 1st Friday of Lent! One would think that the owners would have planned their staffing a bit differently. We got our food and the bf loved his but mine was cold. On the way to the bathroom, I nearly slid to my death on a smashed french fry  or "chip" because none of the staff bothered to pick it or any of the other trash up off the floor. The bathroom is locked and you have to get a key (on a hanger) from the cashier. What kind of legit restaurant locks their bathroom like a gas station? The place is disgusting, the service is terrible, and the food is inconsistent. I don't think we'll be making a follow up trip to the Codfather.
I think John's 10/25/11 review is the most helpful, and so I can only share some of my observations. I think this place would be really cool if it were retro-60's British fish & chips, the sort of place Austin Powers would have gone to. *Contemporary* British is a huge problem for me if it means huge banners of Prince William or Harry or Whoever It Is & What's-Her-Name and God Save The Queen coffee mugs with the queen on it. Huge turn-off for me. I'm just glad they (England) got the 2012 Olympics because that will inevitably make for a more pleasant dining experience. 

I don't like LJS's fast-food "fish" at all. I did like The Codfather's fish & chips here, tastes much better. I also liked that their silverware (even at lunch) is some damn fine china - especially for a "fish and chips" place. 

I do think The Codfather would work better as a "bar" bar ONLY, or a fish & chips place ONLY, because there does seem to be a weird disconnect depending upon where you sit. The whole Sports-Game-on-TV-That-Doesn't-Match-The-Sound-(Music)-You-Hear thing that's common in a lot of places. 

Based upon my experience and observations, I don't think The Codfather deserves so many negative reviews. Just doesn't describe The Codfather I went to. 
  
Service: Acceptable/Good 
Prices: Reasonable
Environment: Will be better once the Olympics happen
Newly decorated, awesome beer and cider line up and Fish and Chips. How can you go wrong?

This is by far some of the best fish and chips I have had in the valley, hands down. I am exposed to every fish fry and pizza joint in the valley as my husband is working through them all and I really like The CodFather.

I have tried the Fish and Chips and the onion rings here. I was not disappointed, the tarter sauce is tangy, the fish is hot and fresh. The batter is awesome. Have a pint of strongbow cider. Do it. It goes great with the meal.

I also think its really cool that they have a little store with all sorts of items from across the pond. Stuff you really wouldn't be exposed to here in America. I dig it.

Protip: They are closed on Mondays.
Of all the places that I've eaten Fish and Chip in the USA this is by far the best. 

The building and actual restaurant was disappointingly American looking despite the picture of the Queen and other UK inspired decoration. I wasn't that hopeful for the quality of the Fish and Chips.

Order was taken by an obvious Brit so my exceptions raised a bit. When the food came it looked just like you'd get in good old blighty. Portion size was good. 

The fish came as it should in one piece with the batter lovely and crispy and the fish wonderfully moist and flaky. Chips were proper chunky chips not those horrible 'fries' 

If I had one criticism of the place I'd say it was the decoration... its too 'Rule Britannia' maybe thats what Americans want/like but I think it would look better if they made it a bit more like a UK chippy i.e 'Cool Britannia'

Anyway this place is now in my address book for future visits!
Decent fish and chips- the all you can eat version was a pretty good deal.  My biggest issue is that I like for the breading to stay ON my fish. It was a bit on the bland and oily side even after I doused it in malt vinegar. Is British malt vinegar less potent than the US version? The tartar sauce did taste homemade though.
Overall this is probably the second or third best fish and chips I've had in the valley.
Love the Lego table for the kids to play at!
so sadly mediocre i had to just take one star off. The food left me feeling disgusting afterwards.

Most fried foods do, but you know when there is more batter than fish, and oil than batter that your food isn't going to be good. 

If i could go back in time i would have walked next door and gone to Spinatos nuff said.

there really isnt any type of PR at all going on. Infact you have to initiate everything. Go up to the counter and say what you want. Don't wait to be asked, don't ask what they like cause they wont really respond...but maybe they were giving me an honest answer cause i certainly didn't like anything here.
Love this place. The fish and chips are crispy and good. Love the Cornish pasty too. The bangers and mash really fill one up--I had to try the mushy peas and LOVED 'em!!
The little grocery in the restaurant has lots of Brit staples too. Good beer selection. I'm glad they recently remodeled. The owners are very nice too.Next time I will try the Scotch eggs...
I enjoy good fish and chips once in a while, so was looking forward to it.  As several others have noted, the batter was bland, too thick, too oily and didn't stay on the fish.  My husband enjoyed the Shepherd's pie.  I would give it another try, but not impressed.
Yuck. Grease infested grossness.  Really bad.
I made the long haul out from east Mesa specifically for the market. Market is a really strong word for the little corner of product they had. They did have a few interesting things that I had been looking forward to trying. Unfortunately, a lot - and I mean a lot - of the items were out of date! The Heinz Salad Cream had an expiry of January 26, and my visit was on February 23! So...nope. There were a few flavors of Walker's crisps, but they were also all expired. Not by as much as the salad cream, so I did buy two packets thinking at least stale crisps won't give me food poisoning. I'll just stick to Internet ordering, I suppose. With so many of the "market" food items out of date, there is just no way I would ever try the restaurant side. I'm sad that it was so disappointing.
Went here for lunch today with a couple of friends.

They seem to be big fans of this place.

2 of us ordered cod and chips and one ordered tilapia (he was not very pleased with the tilapia and vowed to stay with cod in the future)

They brought a bowl of complimentary potato chips to the table. I didn't time it but it seemed to me that it took a little too long for our order to come out.

I didn't think the food was particularly tasty, but the tartar sauce made it better, I also asked for some lemon
I also think the food needed some salt, which may be good for those limiting their salt intake.

We asked for split checks and that was OK (nice of places suitable for lunch to be flexible with split checks), and  I almost missed to notice our server charged me for a drink when I had only water. They fixed it but it took a little while (probably over 5 minutes)

I won't probably come here on my own but if I the guys want to come over for lunch again, I will be back.

Oh, for beer fans, they seem to have a very good variety (about 60)
I know the English's reputation for bland food. If you were raised on English (read: BLAND) food, then this may be right up your alley. For someone who appreciates things with flavor, The Codfather did not impress. Like the prior reviewer's experience, there was a lot of grease and/or sogginess. The "chips" were inedible. Such a foul, bitter taste. Why?! They're french fries! And NO air conditioning?? It was SO hot in there. The beer was ok. The owner was friendly; that is why I gave 2 stars. But we will not be back. Too many other tasteful options in this town.
This review is for the British grocery/snack section.  It's just a small assortment of candies, chips, condiments, etc, tucked into a corner near the register, but I was happy to find some favorites.  I got some Tango apple soda, which I love.  I also picked up a bottle of HP sauce for cheaper than it costs at my local grocery store's international section.  They have a few frozen items supplied by Cameron's British Foods like sausages and meat pies.  It was slightly cheaper for me to purchase those from the Codfather than directly from the mail order company, so that was nice too.  I'll be back now and then whenever I'm craving another Tango or other British snack.  Haven't eaten in the restaurant, so can't comment on that.
Delicious!! Service was friendly and food was great. I had cod and chips! Superb!
Love fish and chips - just not here.  The fish was cooked nicely but totally under seasoned.  My biggest complaint is the watered down vinegar.  If you are going to serve Sarsons in a Sarson container then it should be authentic and original.
I had a hankering for some fish and chips and this place hit the spot. We went early around 3:30 and not a soul was inside. I was a bit concerned about this but we ordered the Cod fish and chips, as they had an assortment of fish to select from, and we ordered some onion rings. The onion rings were amazing! They had this seasoning that they could have battered everything in and I would have been A-Ok. The fish and chips were also very decent quality. They have a small European food market type of thing and some interesting menu items if you are into English food like bangers and mash. The staff was polite and attentive. I'm sure ill be back the next craving i get.
I was born & raised in New England, Moved to the San Francisco Bay Area, visited the UK  and later lived on Maui ,Hawaii so I know good fish & chips. I can speak with some authority when I say here in Phoenix good fish & chips is hard to find. 

The good news is The Codfather Fish and chips is the way it was meant to be made.  A large crispy coating, and fries deep fried to perfection.  If you are looking for this classic dish, you will not find a better place than the Codfather. GIANT piece of fried fish and it was delicious. Crispy, soft, juicy, flavourful, perfect with a little vinegar. Amazingly delicious. the chips were golden, fluffy, crispy on the outside but not so much that they can't absorb a generous amount of malt vinegar. For the price, could you really ask for more

My wife & I ordered the cod, which was a HUGE portion and a side of large chips.  The cod was breaded and cooked to a perfectly crispy and crunchy consistency, while still maintaining the moist fish.   

FOOD: I ordered the cod, which was a HUGE portion and a side of large chips.  The cod was breaded and cooked to a perfectly crispy and crunchy consistency, while still maintaining the moist fish. I can say that the fish was fresh and the oil that it was cooked in was clean. The fish was fresh as it didn't taste fishy. The fries were lightly fried and it didn't taste too oily which was a good thing. The The chips were delicious ! PRICE: For the price, could you really ask for more.CONCLUSION:  Grab that malt vinegar and pour it on, because this fish and chip stop is the one to enjoy.
Roy 'The Hungry Englishman'

For those of you who are in a rush then my 'Five Star' rating says it all, this place is the best and importantly the most AUTHENTIC 'Chippy' that I have yet to find in the US.  However as is usual with my reviews I feel a little more in-depth comments are warranted so if you feel so inclined here you go.

As you have likely guessed from my moniker I am English born and bred, although  I must say it is my very good fortune to now call this wonderful country my home.  To the surprise of my (American) wife I don't get homesick at all but it is true to say that I do occasionally crave the odd bite or two that I grew up on, fish and chips included.  To this end my ever thoughtful wife has always been keen to find me an 'authentic' fish & chip restaurant as we travel this great country and I can say that finally we found one at the Codfather in Phoenix Arizona of all places.

I have tried so called 'authentic' British fish & chips all over the country and although most have been a very pleasant meal 'authentic' they were certainly not.  For one thing if you mention 'mushy peas' they look at you rather strangely whereas this is likely one of the most common sides you can get at every single 'chippy' in good old Blighty.  And don't get me started on the battered fish (or lack there of)....aside from the batter being wrong so called 'authentic' British fish & chip restaurants here in the US are under the misguided illusion that two 'finger' sized portions of fish is the thing to offer, when anyone who has ever eaten the real thing knows that one always gets a large filet of fish (usually hanging over the edge of your plate).

Anyway enough of my ranting on about all the places that are getting it wrong and let me chat about the ONLY place I have yet found that is getting it totally RIGHT..namely the Codfather.  What can I say.....FINALLY...a real Chippy..!

The place is very unpretentious but pleasant and comfortable, I think the lady owner is British as I heard an accent in the background and sadly the opportunity to introduce myself didn't arise (perhaps next time, cuz you know I'm going back).  I ordered my standby old favorite (fish, chips & mushy peas) and I was not disappointed, everything was just like I grew up on, totally authentic, so much so I over stuffed a little and couldn't eat for the rest of the day.

The 'chippy' also has a little British grocery section in, so I took advantage and stocked up on a few goodies.  It is also worth pointing out that the price for the meal was very reasonable indeed.  This I found very pleasing as growing up in a poor neighborhood with not much money as a kid, fish & chips was always a cheap meal  (hence the phrase 'cheap as chips').

Perhaps Americans won't find the real British fish & chips to their taste and that's okay but if you really do want to experience the real thing then this is the place to go.  Whenever my wife and I travel down to Phoenix (about every six weeks) we are going to make it a priority to have our lunch at the Codfather.  I would like to say a sincere 'well done' to the proprietors for a great experience and creating a genuine bit of Britain here in the US.     


Happy eating, Roy
OMG, simple (wish it had any level of ambiance) But fantastic Fish and Chips.  Great neighborhood quality ole brit style.  Just roll in newspaper and I'm across the pond.
We go here once every few months.  The beer is great and they have a good selection.  The decor seems to struggle to find itself, but if the food is really good, who cares what it looks like.  They have added table service, which was not so great, but the beer was good, so......  Always get the cod fish and chips.  It all seems to cost more than it should, but I don't mind if I am supporting a local business.  The only thing I will remember is to face away from the kitchen space, because you can see everything they are doing in there, it's a bit unnerving and I don't care for having to ask for a key to the restroom.
This place was great! Our host was super nice and the restaurant was very clean. It's not very big, but the food was great. We ordered the Scotch egg to start, delicious. The cod and chips was great. We will definitely come back and recommend The Codfather.
Awesome fish n chips and it stood up to some places we ate at in San Diego.  If you want some greasy fish and chips look no further!
we have been driving by this place for years but just stopped in for the first time.  Wow we really should have come sooner.  This place is great.  everything we ordered exceeded my expectations.  The menu is much bigger then I expected too.  Come here you will like it.
great!!!  great!!!!  great!!!   the best cod on the planet...
Great mini grocery for imported English canned and jarred goods, but the food is bland, tasteless MEH!

--great selection of beers on tap
--happy hour drink specials until 7pm
--fun little mini grocery for your english junk food favorites and jarred Hayward and Coleman's products.
--no-frills, drop-ceiling triple-wide strip-mall joint. No apologies, just solid English food...

But the food is BLAND. Tasteless, flavorless, boring MEH.
There is a gigantic salt shaker nearby and you're going to need it!!

## shepherd's pie arrives in black rectangular plastic bin, straight from the microwave. Sent straight back.
Come on!

Is English food supposed to be so uninteresting?
Give me a seasoned and panko-dusted piece of any fish, any day of the week over this meh crap.

What a shame.
We hit this place on a Saturday night around 8p. There is a restaurant side and a bar side that is divided in a very awkward way. Plus in the restaurant, it looks like it is counter service, but it was sit down service. I actually don't have a preference between the two  as long as the food is good. We have all had subpar food from a sit down place and great food for a counter place. My only point in bringing this up is that the whole layout of the place is just weird. It could really use a makeover. 
Now getting to the food-I went with a small fried haddock, chips (i.e. Fries), and mushy peas. It has been a few years since I have been to England or Ireland so I can't make a good comparison as to what you would get over there. But I can say that I really enjoyed the food I got. The fish was nice and meaty, the batter was tasty, and the malt vinegar at the table had a nice zing to it that seems to be missing from the regular grocery store malt vinegar you can get here. My old lady had the beef sheppards pie.  Ironically, I thought the sheppards pie looked very nice, but tasted average, while the presentation on my fish and chips was not good but it tasted very nice. I would have liked for the fish to come in a basket, lined with paper, that sort of thing. Just to make it look like something they are proud to serve (which they absolutely should be-again, it was very good). With it being on a plate, it just kind of comes off as "look-here's your damn fish".  One other thing-the small portion is really a perfect size as the large is huge. Even though it was all fried food, I didn't feel like I was overloaded and would have my stomach angry at me. 
They scored big points with me by having Murphy's on tap here, and it tasted great. For those of you not in the know, Murphy's is to the city of Cork, Ireland what Guinness is to the rest of Ireland. No, I can't say which is better because I have never tasted them side by side. But you can get Guinness on tap in a million places, and I have never seen Murphy's on tap outside of Ireland. 
They do have the area of items you can buy. Many of them you could probably find in World Market, but I imagine not everything. 
To sum up, I think they have the main things correct in the fish, chips and Murphy's. It would be great if they made some cosmetic changes to the restaurant and the presentation of the food. This place is nowhere close to where we live, but I am sure we will be back.
This place has some potential. They could update the inside a little bit more, have the servers explain a little bit more about the food types and flavors (get into the food more for newbies)  and it would be much better.

Got the steak and kidney pie here (never tried it before since I heard it can taste like pee) but it was really good - no weird or off flavors at all.  It was delicious with the onion gravy, but the mashed potatoes were luke-warm and just so-so.

The kid's options were really limited with sausages, shrimp, fish and chicken strips as the only options.  I don't know any kids who would like these choices other than the chicken strips, which were greasy and not very good.

I asked if they had hamburgers, but they didn't.  Unfortunately the ranch was very odd tasting. I guess the Britts don't understand the American icon that is buttermilk ranch dressing that you can get at any U.S restaurant.

It also seemed a little awkward in that they expected you to know what all the food flavors and types were rather than getting into it and promoting their unique type of food.

We bought some snacks from the British store but all in all it was just okay not sure if we will be back.  Servers need to get excited about their unique food.
Sonny: What the hell is this?
Clemenza: It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.

The Codfather does not sleep with the fishes, but rather eats them, as my bumpersticker proudly boasts. Chippy + Corner Shoppe. Jelly Babies and Full English. Ta. We were driving around Phoenix and confronted by a billboard that boasted the best cod and chips this side of East End. One does not expect that in Phoenix, but the Codfather does not disappoint. This is the stuff. Up the Codfather!
I've been here 4 times before they had full-service & now with the friendly service staff. Each time we've been there, food has always been the best.  I can also get my Horlicks malted milk from the little but well stocked UK products corner.  Our favorite is the Haddock and Cod fish & chips. Mushroom appetizer and the Clam Chowder.
We stopped in for dinner this weekend.

Something happened  to move the experience from pretty good to great.

The sausage roll and shepherd's pie were amazing with a perfectly done light, flaky crust.

The fish we had was perfectly done.

Still too much footie on the tellie though.
I had lunch here and we ordered the fried zucchini as an appetizer that was yummy but the cod with chips was overly greasy, the grease is still stuck to my pallet. Sorry to say but Pete's fish and chips is better.
My first trip I would've given it a 3. The fish and chips were good but the batter kept falling off. But we went two more times and each time it was better.

There are plenty of types of fish to have. The drinks were fair and tasty. And the atmosphere is nice. A few more trips and I may change my review to a 5. I'm not sure if the place is just getting that much better. Or if our first visit was a bit of an off day.
I had the cod & english fires. ...they were perfect...fucking perfect! If the tables were a little cleaner, I would have given 5 stars. ...I will be back again & again!
My Wife and I went yesterday around 11:45 a.m. for lunch with high expectations... That was our first error... The second was ordering food... As a teenager many many years ago I worked at a place called Bit Of England Fish and Chips in Tarzana Ca. Well the best thing eaten yesterday were the Malt Vinegar Onions... They were great, but that's where the greatness ENDS... We ordered the Onion Rings and my wife said,"Do you taste any onion? I know it was there but tasteless. The batter was light. Then we ordered a Large order of Cod And Catfish... The Chips(fries) were good. The Fish had a taste, unfortunately it was a taste of grease and no fish taste. The Catfish was a little better than the Cod. There was a greasy film left in my mouth that was a lingering memory. Still no one beats Pier 83 or George and the Dragon...service was good, but don't understand why they incur labor cost of a wait staff when you should be able to walk up to a counter and order.. Another 15%-18% wasted... If service is decent or good we never penalize the wait staff for lousy food, they didn't cook it...
Been here a few times in the past. Once when they first opened. On my last visit the place was bigger and now serving alcohol. Maybe that is the best way to enjoy this place to the fullest?

This is a British style restaurant with Fish and Chips the way they make it back home. My Son-in-law is from England and he LOVES this place. They have several popular items that you would get overseas. Mushy Peas, Bangers / Mash / Gravy, Bubble/Bangers/Beans and many others.

Inside is decorated with everything you would expect if you were vacationing in GB. They also have a nice market with items that you may not find in your typical grocery store.

We have had the Cod, Haddock, Jalapeno Poppers (LOL) and looking forward to possibly trying the Walleye in a future lifetime.

The food is somewhat bland tasting to my palate. Maybe that is how they like it over there. The fish seems a little more greasy than we would prefer and a napkin is needed to soak up the excess. Hmmm?

Service is friendly and the dining experience and menu are worth checking out. Would have to say that there are better places for Fish in my opinion. But then again ... this is how they do it over in the Queen's backyard. TALLY HO!

3 STARS
Fish had no flavor, Chips were soggy and tasted strange.  Took my order to the counter and said that is was terrible.  The young woman replied, "we don't give refunds".  She didn't offer something else or ask what was wrong.  Never going back.
Cod n fries. Looked great but after we were done we felt like we drank a pint of grease. Felt sick all night.
I have been looking for good english fish and chips in Phoenix.   This is my new favorite!   The fish tasted extremely fresh and actually like English style fish and chips unlike so many other pubs around the valley.    Great english beer selection!
This is my go-to place for fish & chips in Phoenix. I wasn't sure what to expect my first visit, but their food is great! The fish is tasty and the service is friendly. I recommend this place to anyone looking for good English style fish & chips!
Came here with the family on Friday. I had read the previous reviews and I was a bit apprehensive but my MIL really wanted wanted us all to have dinner here. 

The area isn't great and the shopping center is older but tidy and orderly. They have two sections inside the restaurant, one for the bar (on the left) which was quite crowded and one for the restaurant (on the right) which was even more crowded :-P

We primarily came for the fish and chips. They have assorted fish (like haddock, cod, cat fish, shrimp, etc) for the fish and chips and you can either get two large pcs of fish with chips for about 10 bucks or the unlimited fish and chips for about 13 bucks (they obviously have other menu items than fish and chips, we just came for the fish). Two of us got the cod, one got the haddock and one got the shrimp, all with a side of chips. 

I'm one of those weird people that has to eat each dish one by one so being a carboholic, I started on the fries. I speared two random fries on my plate, put it in my mouth and was immediately regretful. :-/ The two fries were soaked in grease/oil. It was nauseating and I almost called it quits with that bite but I didn't want to offend anybody by not eating so I kept on nibbling.

I'm so glad I kept going because the dish was AMAZING after that initial bite. The fish was light and not too greasy and the fries tasted fresh (they were slightly on the soft side but I'm weird and prefer them a little soft.) My husband had the same issue with his first bite of fries being soggy and the rest being great so all we can think is that maybe they were from the bottom of the fryer or something? 

The place was PACKED by the time we got our entrees but the service was spot on. Our waiter was attentive and was knowledgeable on the menu and he even brought out some homemade sriracha sauce for us. My family members were all pretty happy with their dishes too :) (husband LOVED the shrimp!)

After dinner, we went shopping in their British "mini mart" (they have a small store in the restaurant, the size of a smallish closet) which was pretty fun, got to see a fun assortment of British food products and candy. 

Fun experience, we will be back! But watch out for that first bite of fries ;-)
Wonderful dinner last night, the fish and chips are awesome. Friday nights it's all you can eat for $10.95. My wife liked the small British store for treats and goodies. We definitely plan on being back.
I came here with my wife and daughter for a late lunch on the 6th. 

We have been itching to get some good fish and chips and this place fit the bill. I had been here before ages ago and remembered it as being very good. Luckily, my memory was good. This place was awesome!

My wife ordered the small fish and chips and I had the large, although I was tempted by the all you can eat deal they had at the time. Our daughter had chicken strips off the kids menu.

What we learned was that the small fish and chips is not enough! The food leaves you wanting more. The cod was well prepared and the batter was delicious. The fries were even good!

The chicken also looked very good. I didn't try any but my wife ate a piece the next day when we were snacking on leftovers. She said it was still incredibly delicious and would love to try it fresh next time.

Service was very good as well and the restrooms were the cleanest I've seen. 

We can't wait to return.
My sister and brother I laws' favorite hang out - and now one of our favorite places! The Fish N Chips are amazing, the atmosphere is great a truly friendly staff. Looking for a simple and friendly pub with great food? Put this on your list to check out. You'll be glad you did! Cheers!
Really liked it. Good place to eat. English style food. Bangers and mash were really good and the the onion rings are really good too!
English is ironically an inadequate language to describe how wonderful this British pub is. I have eaten almost everything this chippie offers and it has always been great. The fish is outstandingly fresh, crispy, and perfectly cooked. Even the Steak and Kidney Pie, though humble, should not be missed.

Apparently there is some kind of "football" tournament going on now that has people excited and they all rather fancy watching it here. If kicking back a cold one while watching men kick a ball sounds like fun, then this is definitely your place.

Also, don't forget to visit their "expat shop" as I like to call it -- a section devoted to all of the tasty treats from across the pond.  I never knew the joy of a dolly mix until I found all of their sweets.
The food was suprising delicious, I'd previously heard that British food was terrible. Anything that they fry has the best batter and the Scotch Egg w ordered was fantastic. We definitely plan on going again and trying more of the food.
The Codfather was one of those places I wasn't expecting too much from and got way more than I expected. I've now ate almost everything on the menu in some form or another and I have never been underwhelmed with anything I have gotten. They have a great beer selection and a fantastic selection of fried appetizers. 

The fish and chips are definitely the flagship here but don't sleep on their more traditional stuff. The pies are great here and bangers and mash and all of the different "versions" of it on the menu are all fantastic. If I had to recommend my favorite dishes to a newcomer here other than the obvious fish and chips platter the "banger, bubble & squeek,  and beans" and the "beef and kidney pie" are both my favorites the deep fried sausage is also one of those things where it's so good you don't care about the heart attack it's going to for sure give you.

Pros: I have ate here at least 15 times trying most if not everything on the menu and I have never had anything bad or even so-so. Everything has been steller. As long as you understand you are eating at a fish n chip/fried food joint and not a fancy seafood resteraunt you won't be dissapointed. They also have a pretty great beer selection on tap.

Cons: Now even though I can promise you I have never ate something here that wasn't good if I seriously had to nit pick a con here it would have to be pricing. I feel like EVERY dish excluding the English breakfast I pay 1 dollar too much for. Just comparing it to similar resteraunts serving similar things this place is a little pricier than most. It's not so overpriced that it should stop you from eating here but it does prevent me from say, eating there regularly, even though the food deserves it. They also seem to have a difficult time keeping the beer they have on tap stocked regularly. Every time I sit at the bar at least one beer on tap is out. Meh. Not a big deal but just an observation.

All in all "The Codfather" is one of those places that you not only have to try but will undoubtedly make you want to come back again and again. The only reason it doesn't have the 5 star is that I can't walk in there and have a beer and meal and walk out spending less than 30 dollars after the tip. A little more than I expect when going to a place like that. But WOW they are seriously consistently great with everything they have on that menu! Highly recommended.
Pete's = WOW!

Take $10 and buy all the shrimp and hot sauce you can -- thats all you need to know...

This is mostly a drive through joint, so take it on home, chow down, and thank me later...
I've been going to Pete's with my family on AZ roadtrips for as long as I can remember, so I know these well:

The rules:

No  debit or credit cards
No checks
No 50s or 100s
No separate orders
No ketchup--don't even ask.
No Sundays
No feeding the pigeons
Clean up after yourself, your mother does not work here.

So bossy, so cheap, so mouth-wateringly delicious. Forget about your precious ketchup, Pete's Special Sauce knocks my socks off. Careful with parking, it can be cutthroat--especially on Fridays.
Fish and Chips in the dessert - this cheezy place is incredible.  Sign me up!  $8.00 and I close my eyes and I am in Northern Scotland at Banchory Lodge. My first trip here I sit with an Arizona Senator and his family. NO CREDIT CARDS - all outdoor seating and barrios neighbors but still, well done.
I have heard about Pete's and had always wanted to try it.

I happened to be waiting across the street for a bus, so I decided today was the day.

I should have caught the bus.

It wasn't BAD food, but it was a long way from what I'd imagined.

The fish isn't even something unique; it's frozen patties, deep fried and served. The chips (french fries) are also frozen. Blech!

They provide some ketchup-based sauce (ostensibly) for dipping. I asked for tartar sauce and was told it was $0.35 for 2 oz or $0.70 for 4 oz. (What a bargain)

I declined.

The fish and fries were not the worst thing I've ever eaten, but for $5 bucks I would like more than frozen fish patties and frozen fries thrown into hot fat and chunked on a plate.

I won't be paying Pete a return visit anytime in the near future.

As an aside; this particular location (I can't speak for other locations) has outdoor seating. Only. Today was a nice day and sitting outside was nice.

But there are no restrooms available.

Save your money for better quality food elsewhere.
This is kind of a quirky place (outside dining only, cash only, no restrooms) but it's worth it for the sauce and the food (and for me to say a place with no restrooms is worth it is saying something). This reminds me that I haven't been there in awhile. There's a reason I have a "I'm Addicted to Pete's Fish & Chips" bumper sticker on my truck.
Huh. Maybe I've been spoiled living by the ocean most of my life, but this is average fish & chips at best. I came here with a small group of people and decided to try a little of everything.

All I'm gonna say is this: frozen stuff you can buy at the store and make with less grease than what you get here.  I should have known better than to expect good fish & chips or even real crab.  But undercooked scallops and twice as much breading as there were shrimp, I was truely disappointed.  The fries were soggy and all in all, I could just feel my arteries clogging eating this.  

I did give it an extra star because the staff was friendly, but I will never eat here again.
It's cash only. Outside only. No bathroom. I just moved here from Minnesota and one of the places that popped up on my radar was this Pete's Fish and Chips in Mesa. When my mom came to visit, we spent a day checking out the sculptures and going to the Natural History Museum, then we took my daughter to Pete's. It is popular. The place was busy. There were cute signs around saying things like "Clean up after yourself, your mother does not work here." My mom ordered the scallops, only to be told they'd been out of them for over a month and were looking for some more. Huh? How does one "look" for scallops for over a month?  I ordered the two-piece fish and chips. I have to say I was disappointed. I liked eating outside, I liked the orders being called out, I liked picking up the baskets but the actual food was not great. I was genuinely shocked that the fish were frozen square patties - crisply deep fried but frozen patties. The special sauce was unexciting - some kind of red cocktail sauce - no tartar sauce, no malt vinegar, no ketchup, no nothing. I was just very surprised. I had really wanted this to be a great place. It's got great atmosphere and is a fun hang out spot, but why can't the food be good? My daughter ate some fries and a mediocre rice krispy bar. She had fun sitting on the kiddie play things - I think there was a car or something. Bummer. I had really wanted to bond with the place, put their bumper sticker on my car and become a "regular." That's not going to happen. I think Pete's is a champion at marketing. Their bumper stickers are free and their atmosphere is just like the atmosphere at those stands with really good food - like Pinks or the fish and chips place on Catalina or....anywhere. It has everything going for it:  "charming, divey, locally popular place" that people love - except the food is just so poor - very hot and fried, but just frozen and sad. Amazing.
ok, 2 stars b/c it's cheap. 

I honestly wish I had read all the other reviews first, and then I wouldn't have pulled in, thinking it was fate that I saw it at lunchtime. Got a fair sampling of everything to take home for me and the hubby to the tune of $18 or so. Ok, maybe not so cheap. Ate it for lunch, have a lot left over but honestly don't want to look at it again. 

Starting with the crabettes - I was not sure of the size, and optimistic that they would be small pieces with real crab. I should have asked but didn't want to identify myself as a first-timer. Or an idiot. Take your pick. 

I should have - my bad - those things are totally nasty. Especially when you start thinking about all the chemicals you're ingesting after the first two bites.

Fish - in line with other reviews, I thought this would be solid pieces of fish in beer batter. Not cafeteria quality square patties with crumbly breading. Everything tasted really artificial. No tartar sauce available as far as I could ascertain. The "sauce" they give appears to be just ketchup so why not just call it that? 

French fries - as limp and unappetizing as I've ever seen. And I have a mountain of them left. I'll say this, they don't skimp on these. 

Look, this is the deal, if you're hankering for fish and chips, imo the best (disclaimer - still new here so there may be a better cheaper alternative I don't know about) is Shakespeare's on Val  Vista. Yes, it's more expensive but better to pay more for good food than waste it on bad. $13 to $15 for one person, but the plate is huge - enough for both of us. Less than I paid at Pete's. They also have an all-you-can-eat on Fridays too.

However, I did have an entertaining time waiting the 20 or so minutes in line. Quite a variety of people seem to love it here. The mix, which probably wouldn't be seen together in any other place, was made especially amusing by the 4 young Jehovah's Witnesses in suits and matching blue ties. 

End of visit. No more. At least hubby ate all the cole slaw. And seems fine.
Me and my kids were fans of the late, great, Sullivan's Pier on Gilbert and Main and had heard how popular Pete's Fish & Chips was from the natives. We decided to try it and soon wished we hadn't. Cash only. Tartar Sauce costs extra and no ketchup at all. No bathroom, which is sorely needed because my stomach started cramping soon after trying the food.
The fish is square with nasty breading and the shrimp haven't been cleaned properly and are breaded with an unseasoned cracker crust of some sort. The food comes with a runny red cocktail sauce and the fries are just completely unappetizing.
If you ever think about trying Pete's Fish and Chips, don't. Try Long John Silver's, Gorden's fish sticks from the grocery store, or a McDonald's Filet of Fish, all of which taste better than the  slop served at Pete's Fish & Chips.
It is cheap.   But I got what I paid for.

I was having a flashback craving for Sullivans and tried here as a back up.   Not good.  

The fish squares were very fishy tasting even doused with their pink sauce.   Silly me asked if they had malt vinegar - no luck
Every once in a while Pete's can kind of hit the spot... but I'm not quite as crazy about it as some locals seems to be. The fish and chips are good and cheap; and their special sauce is pretty damn tasty... but I usually leave feeling a little fishy and greased out. 

The fish is perfectly square, and I can't help but wonder why they do it that way... because it really gives off a 'store bought' vibe. Compare this to somewhere like Fulton Fish Fry in Vegas which has fresh pieces of fish that each kind of form their own twisted and unique shape... it just feels more authentic that way. This just feel like a fish patty that could have been taken out of a McDonalds Filet-O-Fish and thrown in the greaser.

So what I gotta say about Pete's is this: only go if you're craving some no-frills fish and chips; and if you have such a craving you'll probably leave happy... if however you are looking for something to make your taste buds shiver with excitement, then look elsewhere. 

Oh yeah... one last thing... their whole sense of entitlement really gets on my nerves sometimes. Having kooky rules at a restaurant is fun, but it only works if that restaurant is serving up magnificent food. Here you are getting average food and they try to make you feel like they are the Gods of Fish and you must bow down and obey their every command if you want to get served (like their whole "no ketchup-don't even ask" thing). You better be careful Pete's or you may find people are gonna find somewhere else with better food, that doesn't hassle you if you ask for ketchup. Meh.
They know how to fry up a square of cod and a price of shrimp. The sauce is a spicy catchup ( mixed with El Pato hot sauce). 

Yeah, the seating is only outdoors and the place is filthy and smelly. Despite the rude signs, the staff is mostly helpful and efficient. You wan t to take out, here. 

Pete's is a Mesa institution, if you've never been, you need to try it.
Disgusting is the only word I can think of for this food.  Perfectly square orange colored deep fried fish that makes McDonalds fish filets seems like a gourmet meal!  The only thing resembling shrimp was the fact that they formed the fried "shrimp" into the proper shape.  After taking one bite of fish and one of shrimp I thought at least I have the french fries to eat.  They were nasty too!  I wasn't expecting anything fancy by any means, I came her because I wanted greasy fried fish and shrimp and the only part of that I got was grease.  I just don't understand the love for this place.
I have one rule, and only one rule, when it comes to fish and chips: the thing you are eating should, in some way, resemble what you would expect to pull off of an actual fish.  Now imagine you are making your own fish and chips, and you are pulling off chunks of fish meat, which you will then batter and fry.  Geometrically speaking, what would you expect of these chunks?  Squares?

Probably not.  Either Pete has discovered a species of fish whose meat comes off in nice rectangular pieces, or it is made of heavily processed who-knows-what.

For the record, I suspect the latter.

Physical characteristics aside, Pete's does not have great fish and chips.  Perhaps I'm spoiled, but the fish I'm used to typically has a nice, light, flaky battering, rather than the dense, crunchy monstrosity covering Pete's fish tablets.

Add in less than average fries, and a refusal to allow you to at least put some tartar sauce on your processed fish, and you have an establishment whose continued existence is confounding, to say the least.
The shrimp are great, but the best part is definitely the Pete's sauce.  I don't particularly like fried fish so I've never had any.

It's been mentioned numerous times, but the  seating really leaves a lot to be desired - drive thru is the way to go!

The only problem I have is leaving my refillable soda cup at home :(
This place has their food frozen and they deep fry it but it is delicious. I usually get a combo because it gives a variety of different stuff and the combo's are very filling, they give fries with them, too. The food comes with some sauce but any additional tartar or cocktail sauce will cost extra.
Honestly the quality of food is about a 3 star but because I support the mom and pop shops and used to go here almost every day during my breaks from the nearby community college it deserves a 4. I've met the owners a couple times and the atmosphere in the afternoon is pretty quiet sometimes which is very nice when you're trying to just have a nice break. There was nothing that I didn't like here and the pricing is good as well, its just you can tell the food was once frozen.
I used to love this place but recent changes to the menu have turned me away.
I finally made it in here when the line wasnt long. I ordered the Super seafood Combo. I had to wait a little bit, but i could tell it was being made fresh. And they didnt moan or whine about me asking for extra sauce. When i finally got my NOMS NOMS my car immediately smelled like FRESH fish and shrimp. 

The fish was great and didnt come with to much breading. The shrimp were nicely sized. Even the fries had a certain mystique about them that was absolutely delicious, and the sauce made everything taste that much better. And a slice of lemon in the bag always is a good sign. The employees are friendly as ever too. 
I love that they are open late. BUT REMEMBER CASH ONLY. Debit and credit card fees cant be that expensive but hey this place is still the same as it has been. 
Happy EATING.
First let me start by saying I LOVE seafood!  So for the first day of Lent last week I thought we could try out a local "fish fry". We searched on Yelp and discovered Pete's.  
Yes I know, you don't go to Pete's Fish and Chips thinking you are getting gourmet. However, this was way below par for the fried variety. I was actually ill for at least 24 hours after eating here last Friday night. No bueno.

The fish tasted like the frozen patties you can get at the grocery store  and the fries were soggy and tasted only of oil.

If I hadn't gotten ill I would have given them two stars, but after that experience I would warn everyone away!
I can't even bring myself to star this place but since I have to, it gets a begrudging 1! Sure, the prices were reasonable but I feel sick after eating there.

I asked the cashier if the fish was battered and she gave me a blank, mouth half opened stare, before she said: "uh huh."

The fish was breaded not battered. Strike one.  The battered is so prickly it cuts the roof of your mouth. Strike two.  Biting into the brick o' fish was just biting into a brick of breading.  It didn't even taste like fish!  Strike three.

I will never go here again.  Please do yourself a favor and save yourself the stomach ache I had to endure getting this review to you.
Mesa icon, fantastic fried food, great value, fast service. The sauce is the best - don't forget to order extra. Love the fish squares and tasty fries. Their monster burger is delicious. Pete's is to Mesa as Dick's Drive In is to Seattle, but I like Pete's better (both take cash only too).
My husband got the shrimp and I got the crabettes:

Fried Shrimp - delicious! Great breading and fried to perfection.

Fried Crabettes - STAY AWAY! I actually really like imitation crab (I know, weird)...so when I ordered it I was expecting it to be imitation crab. But it just didn't taste right. The first bite was maybe okay, but I really didn't like it much after that. I will stick to keeping my imitation crab in crab louie salads and California rolls :P

The fries that came with both of our entrees were decent. Nothing special, just good fries.

I'll have to get the shrimp next time, or try the fried fish. I should have just went with the fish, but I'm a sucker whenever I see crab on a menu.
Oh Pete's!! My absolute favorite is  the messy fish sandwich, but the burgers are really good as well. Fries & onion rings are a must (especially with the spicy Pete's sauce) and I don't know what is, but they have the best diet pepsi!
Nothing ever comes close to this place! Best fish and shrimp! I grew up on petes and the special sauce is AMAZING! Even there burgers are delish!!!
Oh Pete's how I love thee!!!!
I've been around that part of town quite a few times over the years, and I've always seen people and cars lined up at this place.  So recently I decided to check it out because I'm trying to find a good fast-foody seafood restaurant other than Long Johns.

It doesn't bother me at all eating outside, because for some odd reason, I liked the birds walking around.  (Good thing they weren't flying around the food).  When I have seen the menu, the prices weren't actually very high.  I was quite excited when I seen the prices.

I got the super seafood combo, well because it has fish, and shrimp...  It didn't take too long for the food to come out, so when it finally came out... time to dig in.


It was a decent amount of food, enough to fill me up just right without being miserable.  Well anyways, the taste of the fish kind of reminded me of the frozen boxed fish you can get at the grocery stores, except it was fried to a good crisp.  The shrimp was ok, I've had worse, but for a place that is always so busy like Pete's, you would expect better. The sauce they gave, I don't see the hype about it.  It was just about as bland as the rest of the food.  Honestly, the fries had more flavor than the main dish.
No credit cards, no bills over $20, no ketchup (Pete's sauce only), no onion rings or chicken tenders Friday (too popular), no phone orders, no separate orders, no Sundays. But a fried, guilty pleasure. Sometimes that messy fish sandwich with cheese hits the spot; french fries and fried shrimp are especially good.
If you have the ordering/cash only/pickup window system of Pete's down, you're all set. My go-to for Fish and Chips since the 80s -- red sauce is good, but I recently tried their tartar sauce. Pretty spectacular! Also, they're brewing up another local favorite -- China Mist iced tea.
i've eaten at Pete's for 30 years...can beat their 'Pete's' sauce, it's awesome, and without the sauce the food isn't that great. the quality has gone up and down thru the years. i'm not sure why, i guess maybe management? same with the service. they have pretty much owned the corner of Mesa Dr and Main St, so i think they take for granted that people will go there no matter how rude the staff is and how bad the food is. Ok, it's not AWFUL, but it's not really seafood, it only vaguely resembles it.
so here are reasons to find another place to eat:
1. they only take cash. what? really? i've eaten food from FOOD TRUCKS that accept credit cards...
2. they don't accept bills over a twenty...what if 4 people have an order of say $40? nope! better have your twenty dollah bills y'all
3. they only have outdoor seating. even when it's 115 degrees outside, or raining.
4. there are no restrooms. what restaurant doesn't have restrooms? guess you better not eat there if you have the little ones with you...
5. they EXPECT you to clean up after yourself. and they have it POSTED! (your mother doesn't work here) for this reason, i usually leave my plates, cups and napkins on the table when i leave. i know that may be rude, but how else can you ensure that those tables are being cleaned like they are supposed to be??
6. lastly they are not open on Sundays. most places these days are open 7 days a week. i respect that they do not open on Sundays, it's family values and all...but that just gives the general public the chance to find a place to eat that is actually worth their time and money.

my summation: i only go to Pete's when i'm in a hurry, am driving thru the area, have cash in my pocket, and there isn't any other alternative. which is very, very seldom...
I love this place! The only drawback is it's cash only. So worth it though!
Rolled up to the drive through with a $50 and was respectfully declined (and this was on a $27 dollar tab)......So I respectfully split and drove away. Get with the times people....debit / credit cards are used by most these. 

However, I can not judge the food. I'll return someday, but not going out of my way to do so.
Pete's is the place you want to go if you're short on time and money because it's reasonably priced fish. Don't even think about dining in here. The convenience is in using the drive-thru and I love seeing their mural. I have always wondered - do their murals ever get ruined by graffiti or do the gangsters just respect Pete? 

Cash only. Which I think is a good thing because drive-thru is super fast. The food is always hot and fresh. Everything is breaded and if you say "no salt", they've always gotten it right. You can get scallops for like $4. It's a deal, Pete!
Where do I start?  This place is my favorite.  Sucks that it's Cash only however not having to pay credit card fees is probably why we're able to eat cheap fried foods.  This place is nice and friendly. My kids love eating here.  Cannot pass it up :)
Customer service is terrible! I absolutely love their food but their service is unbelievable; they served us at about 10 minutes before they closed in paper plates (nothing that is able to be taken to go) and had the nerve to ask us to leave so they can SPRAY the table. REAAAAALLY! Like there is nothing else to do RIGHT when they close. May I mind you this place is outside. After we respond "can you give us five minutes to eat" he say "well we're kinda closing"
Disgusting!  Frozen deep fried trash. This place may be old and a community staple, but the foods is not good. At all.
My friend's daughter asked if there are any fast food places that are only in Arizona?  They  mentioned a few and I told them we have those in Texas too.  Pete's Fish and Chips was mentioned as an original.  We happened to drive by one on the way back to the house.  Today I decided to walk the few intersections down to Pete's.  It all was downhill from there.  There was a line so I had plenty of time to review the menu.  The main thing I wanted to try was the fish, only one piece came in the #1 combo along with shrimp, fries, and a drink and one sauce.  At this point I'm curious about what the sauce is and notice the sign offers a tart and pink sauce as well.  I opted for the #2 Seafood combo since it included two fish and three sauces.  

The guy at the counter was abrupt with the order.  He was peering out from a dark screen and could barely hear him to notice he was talking to me.  I asked for a bottled water as the drink - he asked if I wanted just a plain cup of water (bottled water was priced less than the 32 oz drink on the menu so I thought I could at least get that).  I just agreed and moved on.  No asking what kind of sauce or offering anything else.  The food was ready relatively quickly, I barely got my hand out of the window as I reached for salt and pepper before it was slammed shut again.  When I sat down and opened up the deli paper covered platter I was a bit taken aback.  Two squares of obviously frozen fish product and nine prepared frozen shrimp.  This looked like something from a food service supplier - except I've used Sysco's fried shrimp and they are infinitely better.  The "sauce" turned out to be watered down ketchup with perhaps a splash of white vinegar.  The fish and shrimp had no real flavor and way to much breading.  Not awful, but the Ultimate Fish Sticks from Costco heated in my toaster oven far surpassed this supposedly famous fish.  The fries were ok, and perhaps the only thing that seemed homemade.  

I managed to eat most of all the platter before I ran out of sauce.  I wished I had tartar sauce and cocktail sauce AND that I had gone to Long John Silver's instead.  LJS blows Pete's out of the water.  I had to stop by McDonald's on the way back to get an apple pie to get the taste of Pete's out of my mouth.  Overall, I give Pete's a "D" for disgusting.
Bad food. Good prices. Not worth it at all, and it was very crowded when I went. There were a ton of people all dressed up and it was chaotic. There was literally hundreds of kids there. (Maybe there was an event at the Temple?). Also, bad service.
The employees are definitely nicer than the Pete's in South Phoenix but I would rather deal with the mean and tatted up old lady in South Phoenix than getting under breaded and under cooked onion rings. The burrito was excellent and they give you more sauce than usual in this location though.
Quite simply the worst fish and chips I have ever had the displeasure of eating. Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register. It's like they combed the state of Arizona and recruited only the worst of the worst. I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?! I guess if McDonald's can do it with fish filets, anyone can do it. I utterly hate McDonald's and i would choose easing a fish filet from there, then eating this crap every again. Boo to you I say. BOO TO YOU
Extremely rude coworkers!! Prices are overly too much! They don't accept cash AND you have to buy tartar sauce too ? Are you kiddn me? Never AGAIN coming back!!
This is actually a nice location with lots of parking and plenty of outdoor seating. However,  the food was terrible we had fish, shrimp, fries and onion rings. First of all, you can't upgrade your fries to onion rings, which is ridiculous, even for an uncharted. But the worst part was that everything tasted the same. Shrimp were dry. Fish was flavorless. Fries were overcooked. The onion rings did have a different batter,  bit sweet, and got their only taste from the salt sprinkled on them. The fish was just a square, like you'd get from your grocer's freezer, so im not sure what we're paying for. Even their sauce was like a sweeter ketchup. The rice krispy treat was a great consistency but tasted like coconut.  Overall, a huge waste of $20.
For the life of me I cannot understand why people like this place!! Stopped by the drive thru for some lunch today and first thing I noticed was the big CASH ONLY sign on the wall. Seriously, what functioning business doesn't accept cards these days. Get with the times guys. Not to mention they will not accept a bill over $20 (tried to pay with a fifty on a $32 order and was told NO).

Now for the food... gross! I have had better fish and chips in an elementary school cafeteria. The fish was overly breaded and over cooked. The fries were soggy and tasteless. Then, their so called "special sauce" is just watered down ketchup. Nothing very "special" about it at all!

Needless to say, I will not be returning here again. Long John Silvers has better food and better prices.

Oh and service with a smile or at least some kind of emotion would help.
Poor substitute for fish!  You have to eat outside and the fish are fish cakes that would be absolutely tasteless without their sauce.  Service was quick, food was lousy No bath room, no taste, no goee backee!  Learned my lesson.
I gave it a three because of the inconvenience of always having to carry cash when I go here, as they don't accept cards nor $50/$100 bills. Also the cod fish is flavorless... The French fries are ok, as is the shrimp. But the number one reason why I gave this place 3 stars is because they don't have catfish!  Excuse me for being high maintenance but I'm from Southern California where the staple fish of fish joints is catfish!
Finally a great place in the Arrowhead area for fish n chips!
This isnt no ordinary place..you have a choice of fish: Icelandic cod, Alaskan cod, Salmon, Tilapia, Haddock, Catfish. Plus many other menu items, Like soft shell crab,shrimp,scallops, calamari,oysters and clams.
They also have hamburgers and chicken if someone in your group is not into seafood.
Salads and taco's here as well.
I always go for the fish and shrimp combo. The fish is moist on the inside and the light batter on the outside is crunchy. The shrimp by far are some of the best..BIG shrimp that are not all batter. Just a light coat and crunchy, yet not overcooked. I like the huspuppies there but you can use it as a substitute or buy them separate. The "chips" (fries) are just ok. Generic shoestring fries. But I can live with that. They have a great kids menu here as well. Friendly staff too. And the place is clean and tastefully decorated. Check out their website for coupons or specials. Lunch specials, and taco tuesday, monday madness on appetizers, and all u can eat fish sunday.
I forgot to review this one. 

I was slightly impressed and disappointed at the same time. 

Impressed by the owner, food , selection and the cleanliness of the place. I was less impressed by the price. Not that it was expensive, but it must have been more then I liked. 

I would love a small place like this to do a ALL U CAN EAT fish fry on Fridays. That would be GREAT. 

Serves Coke prefer Mt Dew with my fish.

11-04-08 update

Same great service, maybe better then last time, still very clean and well run, prices seemed a little steep but after eating well worth it. I had the 2 piece cod (4oz each) frys slaw and water. $9.82

The fish was cooked perfectly, nice pieces of fish, the claw was good but I am not a huge fan. The frys are skinny frys but have good flavor. 

They do offer all-u-can eat on Sundays.... What a great alternative! (Fridays are the busy nights for a fish place anyway, why over crowd and loose profits)
They now offer all u can eat but watch the times. It is something like Mon-Sat 3-5 and 7-9 and all day Sunday. 

If you have not been here yet. Check it out. There is something for everyone here. 

Today we had the 3 piece with Fry's and slaw, but since the pieces were small he gave us #4. That was really cool. Everything was cooked perfectly and we had a great lunch.
If high quality, fresh fish and seafood is what your fishing for, head to the Pier! Oscar's Pier 83 has one of the selections of not only food, and cooking styles, but beverages as well. Along with the typical line of American beers, they also have several smaller brews like Alaskan, and imports from all over. They also serve wine, soda, and bottled water. As for the "meat", they have several types of fish, soft shell crabs, oysters, scallops, shrimp and more. Price wise figure about $10 for the average seafood dish. Portion size is not great, but you won't be looking for more either. I was highly impressed with their slaw, and tarter sauce (made with dill!). If a member of your party isn't into food from the sea, Oscar's has a nice menu of sandwiches, and salads. Coming from NY, this is one of the best places to eat if you want some offerings from the sea in the desert.
Not a big fan of the dcor.  They are trying way too hard.  Now with that said, the fish and chips here are rather good.  I especially love the salmon fish and chips.  At around $10 a plate you could expect to leave decently full.  Every time I have been here I have not left disappointed.
Being from the North Carolina coast and now living in Glendale, Arizona I find that the food I miss the most is seafood. Clearly living in Arizona limits my ability to find good, fresh seafood-let alone trying to find well prepared seafood. Tonight I found fresh seafood that was prepared just the way I like it-fried with extra sides of tartar sauce, cocktail sauce, coleslaw (mayo not red), and a healthy selection of domestic beer. 

Ty, the server at the counter, was helpful and very interested in making sure the dining experience was met with great service. While the atmosphere left you feeling like you may end up with a pirate cap (e.g. Long John Silver), the beach music on the radio made me feel like I was home. 

This wonderful little find came to me by pure accident as my wife was giving me directions to Next Place Coffee (see my next review) and mistakenly gave me 59th and Union Hills as cross-streets. Great mistake, babe, because we were treated to a little bit of home. 

I'd recommend Oscar's Pier 83 to anyone in the market for a quick, well prepared dinner.
I used to work across the street at Honeywell and we ate at Oscar's fairly regularly. When I hit Phoenix there are two places I must hit for grub and Oscar's is one of them. Best fried fish I have ever had, and that includes Ireland and the U.K.  

Their batter is light and the fish is thick. No cheapo cuts here. The fries are lightly seasoned and the tartar sauce is fantastic. I am no coleslaw lover so I ask for hushpuppies instead and those too are excellent. 
The decor is simple with a lot of seagoing junk on the walls surrounded by a few lame imaginary water scenes, think dolphins swimming through some underwater otherworld. Whatever. The food trumps it all and you will simply love the place. 

Price is about $10 unless you hit a lunch special but you get a lot of goodness for that ten-spot you just dropped.  There are quite a few choices but I have come to prefer the cod minis. Give'em a try why dontcha?

The staff is excellent and the owner is a delight. I called in an order and they asked where I was so they could drop in the food at just the right time so it was piping hot. Outstanding fellas!
Let me start off by saying that I'm tough to please when it comes to seafood, probably has something to do with growing up on an island...

I must say that Oscar's is very clean and the staff is extremely friendly and courteous, overall it was a nice experience.  I had the broiled Cod; I would say it's mediocre.  My husband had the Ahi sandwich, which was better than the Cod, but not the best I've had. In both cases you could clearly taste the 'frozen' fish. We got a side of clam chowder to share; it was full of flavor and the best item out of everything we ordered (still not the best I've had...I will say the best in AZ so far).  

It seems that the thing to get at Oscar's is the fish and chips.  Frying a fish can make any bad fish taste good so I'll take everyone's word for it. 

Not sure what kind of expectations I had, perhaps I NEED to remind myself that we ARE in Arizona.  For what it's worth, my husband seemed to really like it!  My three stars are for 1) a clean restaurant and friendly staff, 2) my husband liked it and 3) the decent clam chowder
Food is really good (I've never really had East Coast seafood though).  Prices are a bit high.  Wish there were more coupons like $1 off or similar.  Monday and Tuesday specials are plentiful.
Dang. Duh -HAng 

This is goo foo! 

My mom is deathly allergic to shellfish. That, and I grew up in a desert for 10 of my formative years. When I think of shellfish, I think of slightly forbidden, delicious little delicacies. While growing up the idea of lobster and crab was the ultimate indulgence in haught cuisine, it seemed. 
. 
The only time my Mom liked fish is when it didn't taste like fish. "I like swordfish because it's not fishy", or "ooh orange roughy is so good! It's not fishy at all". 

I wanted fishy fish. I wanted something that tasted like the ocean. I wanted to see why lobster and crab was so expensive. 

In more selfish and morbid moments I hoped a chef would accidentally drop a shrimp into her food so she would die, and I could eat all the seafood I wanted. 

There's no lobster at Oscar's Pier 83, but you can get things here that are really rare in Arizona, and plenty of it is exquisitely fishy, in the freshest way imaginable. 

I did takeout and I ordered a lot of food: 
Oscar's Ultimate Combo (1 Jumbo Shrimp, 1 Jumbo Sea Scallop, 1 Oyster, 1 House Fish, 1 Chicken Strip, 1/4 pound Fried Clam Strips, Fries, Cole Slaw) 
THEN 
Fried Soft-shell Crab 
Crab cake 
Clam Chowder 

It was all at least 4 stars. 

The Exquisite: 
The Fried Oyster- My god this was good. Keep in mind I told you I like fishy fish, but this thing was fresh, juicy, full of meat, and perfectly matched my seafood craving. I thought it was a scallop at first, which is one of my favorite things on earth- but it was so much better than any scallop I've ever had. 
The Fried Soft Shell Crab- This was served with a pink remoulade like sauce that was divine. This thing was meaty, a little salted, and perfectly flavored. The remoulade was excellent. 
The Crab cake- It had a ton of crab in it. The only one I've had that was better was in Maryland overlooking the water. Dipped in the remoulade this more than just good. 
The Clam Chowder- It spilled in the car, in the bag, so I brought it in and ate the chowder with a spoon out of the bag. It was that good. 

The Very Good- 
The House Fish- Really good. Probably the best I've had. What's weird is that I think the excellence of the oyster and soft shell crab overshadowed this. Had I had this on it's own I'd probably be raving about it. It wasn't fishy at all. 
The Scallop- It was a little dry and bland. Very big however. 
The Shrimp- Better than a lot of shrimp I've had in Arizona- but not the best I've ever had. 
The Chicken Strip- Had I been more present at the time of ordering I would have tried to substitute this for something else. 

When I go again, I will order the soft shell crab, 3 oysters, and some clam chowder. 

Maybe I'll bring in my mom and Oscar will be the one to finally do her in with a stray piece of shrimp (DEVIL LAUGH). I kid, I kid.
This is my favorite fish joint in the city ,hands down.great decor great service.I love the different fish of the day variety they have,I'm always asking for the red snapper which os tough to come by,I've eaten at least 8 different items & all were fantastic ,very well cooked.I love this place!
This is the best fish place for the price, period.  It's a step up from Pete's, even though they really do great job for what they are; a fast food fish and chips place.  And of course, it's a step down from a place like McCormick and Schmick's, since they don't fly their fish in fresh twice daily.  But for the cost of one entre there, I can feed my whole family, I don't have to worry about a tip, and there is no waiting for your waiter to take his time refilling your drinks either.  The portions here are extremely generous.  They have ton's of variety (where else can you get a soft-shelled crab dinner for 7 bucks?), even including a fresh and juicy  1/2 pound burger (you can blame my wife for that one).  Everything is hot and well executed.  The service is very friendly.  The restaurant itself is extremely clean inside, and they even have a nice little patio area if you choose to dine outside.  

So if you are in the Arrowhead area and you want a great selection of seafood for reasonable prices, don't be discouraged by the sea of chain restaurants in every direction.  Just look a little further for Oscar's, all tucked away in the back of a strip mall.  You won't be disappointed.
Great stuff!! 

Oscar's is a small, but very clean little place. Located in a strip mall in the Arrowhead area. The guy at the counter was very nice, which in my book is a huge plus. It's no frills either. Order at the counter and get your own drink, (plastic) silverware, condiments, etc. Sit down and they bring your food to you. Most of the fare is fried so I don't think I'll be going here every day...or every week for that matter.

However, the food was great. Really good. My GF had fish tacos and fries. She said they were "excellent". The sauce they put on the tacos had a little kick to it. I had some cod and fried shrimp with a small cup of clam chowder. All were very good. 

Yep, I'm a fan and I'll definitely be back.
Pier 83 is one of our family's favorite restaurants in the valley. I was a newbie fish eater when we first went and have since learned to love all kinds of fish. It's fresh so it doesn't have that really strong fish flavor that a lot of places seem to have. My husband's family is from the Pacific Northwest and they say this is the best fresh fish place in town. With Monday Madness Specials and all you can eat Alaskan Cod Pier 83 is very reasonable and could fit most budgets. 

Everything is good here! It's a clean hole in the wall place with a neat and friendly atmosphere. Kids and Land Lovers would be able to eat here as well.
Came here with a groupon, and was very pleased with the food and service. I ordered broiled salmon and a few scallops on the side. Everything was delicious, although the scallops were fried and I would have preferred them broiled. I don't think the menu mentioned they were fried so be careful when ordering.

The food was very good quality considering the quickness in which they cooked it, and the service was superb.
I wanted to get a good cross section of Oscar's offerings so I chose the Ultimate Combo.   I have to say the batter on all of the fish, crustacean and bivalve items was one of the best I have had in recent memory.    I like their Monday and Tuesday specials and the fact that they close later so I can hit them on the way home from work.    I am already looking forward to trying their $3.50 jumbo fish taco on Tuesday.    Being my first time I was a little confused when I couldn't find tartar sauce at the help yourself condiment counter, then relieved when it was delivered with the food.   I have to say, I have never used less tartar sauce before, I enjoyed the batter and the fish without covering up the flavor with the tartar sauce however, the cocktail sauce was great with the jumbo shrimp.     I will definitely be back.
Essentially fast food seafood. Mostly deep fried. Was pretty good. I had the Jumbo Combo which includes deep fried scallop, chicken breast, oyster, cod, shrimp, with fries and deep fried clam strips. It was good, not great as if we were in Boston or London but good. Love the fact I can order beer and wine. Decor is simple. People are friendly. The best part is price to taste ratio: the quality for the price is unbeatable. We spent $24 for Jumbo Combo, shrimp taco (which is quite large), beer and soda. I love seafood, eaten seafood all over the world from Vietnam, France, Italy, Baja California, and many more, and this is good food especially landlocked and for the price. Would certainly come again.
Pier 83 is the perfect place to go on a rainy night! Their clam chowder is better than any I have ever tasted and that includes some Alaskan restaurants that boasted having the best in the world. It's thick and creamy as you would expect, but they also know that people want some substance to their soups and so you'll also find nice silver dollar sized chunks of potatoes in your cup ($3.50/cup during Monday Madness) But who wants just a cup of this delicious goodness?! I suggest living a little and going for the sourdough bread bowl. If chowder's not your thing, you can't go wrong with anything else on the menu. Want something on the lighter side? The clam strips are tasty and their side salads are made with beautiful green leaf lettuce rather than iceberg.
I love this place.

Great Service, Great Staff!

Very Friendly

And the Best Fish in Chips I have ever had.

Affordable Prices and Fast Service.

I recommend to any fish lovers!
I love seafood and its been a while since I've had some. (Excluding Long John Silvers). And I was taking my family out for a Friday night feast. 

We found this little hole in the wall restaurant randomly around 59th ave and Union Hills. And we decided to try it out.

At first glance, the interior was.....kinda plain. It didn't really have a "pier" feel to it and take away the small amount of wall decorations, you get an empty room with cheep tables and chairs everywhere. But it was busy. And everyone seemed happy with what they were eating. 

I noticed the rather large beer selection they had going on. Cool little spot to have a social brunch with some friends, plus they had a flat screen which probably played sports. 

Also it smelled good in there. I and my family were really hungry, (especially my daughter), and nothing teased our appetites like the lingering smell of fresh seafood being cooked in the back. 

So we made our choices, sat down and our food arrived. We got the platter sampler, which had a variety of fried sea foods. We got the large clam chowder inside of the fresh baked bread bowl. And we got a large fried shrimp burrito. The kids got a kids meal plate each which was very small. So warning to anybody, if you have a kid 7 and up, get him or her a normal plate because I promise you they will be disappointed. 

On the flip side, our sampler plate was huge. April and I had a concern that we couldn't share our platter since only one of each seafood was in the description on the menu, but our fears were put to rest when we were rewarded with very large samples. So the sampler plate was delicious. The hush puppies we fresh. Also the sampler had chicken, which was OK. A little dry. 

The clam chowder was very good. So was the bread bowl. But We felt like it was too cold. Like they should have heated it up more. And in fact when I asked them too, they gave us another free bowl of hotter chowder which was pretty cool. The staff was very friendly by the way. They answered all our questions. They didn't argue. The checked in on us every once in a while. Good staff. 

The highlight food was the fried shrimp burrito. April and I both loved it. We used to get our shrimp burritos from Rubios but after the one from Pier 83, we may have found our new provider. It was well made too. Not too soggy, (until around the end of it). Good amount of shrimp. Not over fried. Perfect. 

Overall this place was a fantastic find. A little pricey for us average people, but not too pricey for a family out night. Will I be back? Yes. Oh and also I believe Weds is all you can eat fried fish night.
Went to eat here with a groupon and really liked it. I would go in and pay full price to eat here again. I had the house fish with clamstrips and it was all made fresh. Good food, clean restaurant.
Me and My Husabnd are from Rhode Island, Maine and We Went to Oscar's Pier 83 Fish and Chip's in Glendale, Arizona sometiime in December, 2011 as we were Visiting the Area and we wanted some "Good Fish". 

Well, we received the worst Customer Service from the Owner of the Establishment.

First of all, he "yelled" and "chewed" his Cook out for messing up on an order, in "front of us" as we were looking at the Menu. It was Terrible.
We felt......Very Uncomfortable after that. 

We ordered our Food. 

And then, it was Terrible. 

Our Fish was Extremely Dry, it was not Fresh at all. 
Our French Frie's were very Greasy.

And When We Brought it to the Owner's Attention, he refused to Give Us a Refund.

As a matter of fact, he asked us to leave the Premise's. 


We Will Never Go Back to this Place ! 



What's Wrong with the "State of Arizona" ? 


Is This, How "They" Represent Themselves" ?


"This Owner" seemed so......"Egotistical".   **    



That We Feel....So Sorry for "His Employee's".
When people feel a cold coming, they pop a zinc lozenge or tablet to boost the immune system. I have a much better way to get my zinc supplementation: I head over to Pier 83 for their terrific fried oysters. With the first crunchy bite I begin to feel so much better. Placebo effect, probably. But hey ... as long as I get that feel-good boost, I don't care. The fish and chips are also the best I've had in the Valley. And to think that I've previously been trying to get my fish 'n chips fix from the likes of Pete's ... yikes! And their clam chowder is delicious; I don't need to feel under the weather to have an excuse for ordering this tasty bowl of comfort. The friendly staff and comfortable informal atmosphere complete the enticement for many return visits.
Got fish and chips and nothing to complain about.  Wasn't the best seafood I've ever had but it was reasonable.  I'd go back.
Had dinner on a Friday night with two friends that recommended the place.

Chowder - Excellent. Thick and creamy base with lots of clam bits and the right amount of veggies. Not filled with potatoes like others I have had.

Fish - Excellent. Crisp batter crust in the right proportions. More fish than crust. But just enough crust to absorb the malt vinegar that I like on fish.

Scallops - Excellent. Thin panko crust and huge juicy scallop inside.

Shrimp - Excellent. Fried. Big. No complaints here.

Fries - Excellent. Thin (Like I like) and fried perfectly. I like them with lots of salt and the malt vinegar.

I will be back.
Great food in a friendly environment ! Prices are okay but they have coupons in the mail and specials!
The momma wanted to give this place a try back in November, so we did. I think momma might go back but we won't... Too far to drive for the cost, freezing cold dining room, and moderate quality. I really think we would have done better at Long John Silvers.  It pains me to lob a bad review to a local joint, but when I have to peel my fish out of the overly thick, greasy breading to find a total of less than 3 oz of meat inside, for over $12, I can't give any better... And I froze half to death while doing it!
Jo said she just needed a newspaper wrapping and she would have been in Dublin.  Well, I think that's a bit exagerrated.  
First, sorry to all you chowder lovers, but this would never make it in New England.  Too thick with flour.  Never again.
Catfish - wonderful.  4.5 star, for sure.  Thin crust...just like it should be.  Fine piece of fish.
Fries - excellent.  Not english style - more like McDonalds, but they were good.
Hush puppies - forget it.  Throw 'em out.  Maybe if they provided lots of butter, but they don't.
Service - fine.  We had a little confusion with the order.  I think the guy was a little new and I won't blame him....but in general, much better than you would expect in this type of casual place.  They could do a bit better cleaning off the tables between customers, but you know what?  That's a very minor complaint.
Price - a bit high.  But we don't have much choice for good "chip shops" (as they say in Glasgow) do we?
The BEST fish n chips, outside of London. Surprisingly, damn good chicken for the land lovers as well. Clean, friendly and always good. My only beef with the place (ha!) is that they wont accept the tilapia meal coupons for the chicken combo.
Great fish & chips, excellent scallop, excellent oyster!!

Had the sampler for my first visit!!  The only thing that did not hook me was the chicken tender, but what the hey its white chicken so I don't expect much!

Next visit I will stick to the fish & chips.   I did not care for the fried clam strips but all else was great!!
I am a realtor and had a showing a few blocks from Oscars.  So afterwards I did a Yelp search and thought to myself, "Hey...this could be good."  It had low dollar signs and 4 and a half stars so I figured it had to be a winner.  I was wrong.

Now I'll be honest.  I probably didnt order the right thing....although the guy taking my order acted like what I was ordering was off the charts.  It wasnt close.  I wanted something that wasnt fried so my selections were limited and they were all really expensive for a fast food "Order at a counter" kinda place.  I had the trout.  It came with a strange macaroni salad which I wouldn't touch if my life depended on it, but I am strange that way.  No other options were offered and I walked out $14 poorer and hungrier than when I arrived.  

I would guess that the combo platters would have been more satisfying or even just the straight up fried cod with fries.  But I wasnt looking to feel like a walking grease pit on my way home so I wanted to stick with something fairly healthy.  

Once again...with the reviews the way that they were I figured I'd give this place a shot even when I saw the menu.  I mean it seemed like it had to be awesome.  But what I ordered really left me unsatisfied.  

I figured I'd at least head over to the yogurt place at the other end of the strip mall for dessert.  Darned if it wasn't out of business!

I think it just "Wasn't my night..."  Oh well!

So like I said...the two reasons I went there were a "fail"  I thought it was gonna be inexpensive and awesome.  Instead it was pricey and "blah".  

I guess a fast food fish place in the desert is sort of a novelty anyway.  But it sure isnt worth going to again.
Pretty darn good, but a bit overpriced. If not for the coupon I had, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to return when there are so many other places closer to home.
Great fish!
If you need a fish and chips fix in the desert this will work.  The clam chowdah was good, the fried oysters were good (if you like that kind of thing), the fried cod was good and the fries were tasty and not greasy.  In fact, nothing was greasy.
Would this place warrant 4 stars on either coast?  Who knows if they'd even survive, but for the desert, it's a good enough place to get a fish fix.
Best fish and chips in town order the Mahimahi it is a 10
Went to Maui, thought we would get great sea food, we were wrong!  Better fish at Pier 83.  Could not wait to get home to eat there. The best fish tacos ever!
2 words: Awe. Some. 

Great fish & Chips, great Po' Boys, so far have loved everything I have tried.
A fantastic local restaurant that does everything right!  I have enjoyed many meals there with the same result---leaving full and totally satisfied. The menu is fairly straightforward with a good selection of items.  I find the fish hot, fresh and flavorful.  Try the fried cod and fried clams combo--comes with fries and a delicious side of coleslaw- the best in town!!!
Tuesday fish taco special is equally great!
The only downside is the lack of parking in the front lot. United Blood Services is located in the shopping center and is usually very busy...I suggest you park behind the restaurant...
Found this place through a Groupon they did and I love it. Hard to find good seafood at a affordable price. Been back a bunch more times and never leave unhappy. Prices are good and seafood is great. Dont miss this one.
Being from Chicago, heading to a desert, I never thought I would get good seafood without being on the coast.  This place definitely was great!  I went a little nuts and for me and my friend and her daughter, we ordered everything that was fried.  yes everything, the guy at the register was like, this and this and this.... ? I was like yes please.  So he rang it up with shock on his face.  With our 10% off coupon it was only 54.39 and we had enough for lunch tomorrow, so breaking it down, including tax and adding in no discount, and the fact that we shared a bit of our food with some other people when we went home, and ordering no drinks cept the kids drink, it breaks down to about 10 dollars a person. My friend's daughter is a very picky eater and she ended up eating a bunch of the fish over the chicken finger.

Here's the breakdown
Chicken Fingers- whole piece of chicken, a bit dense - a bit confused, it's not multiple, it's 1 big slab... comes with fries and kids drink
Ultimate Combo - Oyster, Clams, Fries, Chicken, cole slaw, and cod - yummy oyster!
Catfish - so good the lil girl ate most of it herself
Haddock - a denser fish, fishier than others
Mahi Mahi - nice solid piece, yum
Tilapia - typical fish, nice and flakey
Salmon - 2 pieces (more expensive than other fish, great salmon taste)
Clamari - in sticks like mozerrella sticks, among my favorite!
Soft Shell Crab - my favorite!  
Bread Bowl Clam Chowder - this thing is a meal in itself!

They were actually fairly fast on a Friday night when it was packed and we sat outside on a cold day near the heaters so it wasnt bad at all.  VERY nice wait staff!  They remembered everything they served!
Excellent food, reasonable prices, super menu.  I love this place.
Nothing that amazing. Coleslaw was really heavy on the mayonnaise an tastes store bought. Fries were crispy but didn't get much fish
I have been to this restaurant many times!  Their seafood...anything from fish to scallops to clam strips tasted fresh each and every time.  Clam chowder bread bowl is even more amazing.  You can taste real clams with great flavors, and their sourdough bowl is the best I have ever had.  Everything for a very reasonable price and is often filled with senior citizens (you know it's good!).  Friendly owner and workers...and they do bring your food to you when they call your number.  They also have a patio area to sit outside on a warm night.  I rarely give a 5 star to a restaurant that is not full service, but I will make an exception for this place.  Think of it as a place for great fresh seafood minus the beach view and white table cloths.
So far the best seafood I've had in Phoenix/Glendale. Had the the best Clam chowder and really good Mahi-Mahi grilled fish tacos. Went with a family member who had the fish and some Colossal Shrimp. The guy who took our order was very nice and came over to ask how the food was. I will be back!!!
OMG! The best seafood we've tasted in a very long time.  We had the combo meal; 1 Piece Cod & 4 Jumbo Shrimp and it was sooooo good. Cod and shrimp were tempura style and very fresh.  The French fries and coleslaw that came with it was also good making for a very excellent meal.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
My brother and I and the wives  found this place on yelp and it was amazing! This is the first place I have found in Arizona with top notch clam chowder. The chowder was in a yummy bread bowl and it was as fresh as it gets.
Additionally, we ordered the shrimp tacos. They were also great with a nice crunch from the topped cabbage and tomatoes. The wife says the sauce on the fish tacos was superb.
My brother ordered the fish and chips with a combination of cod and mahi mahi.  This was also very delicious and fresh. The fish was crunchy and not greasy. About the only thing we forgot on the trip was to order hush puppies. 
If you are in search for great seafood come to this place. You will not be disappointed.
Apparently it's strange to have a fish and chips place in AZ so it was a surprise to my friends to see this one.  Had the fish and chips (cod) with a piece of mahi mahi and catfish.  Cod and mahi mahi was good.  The mahi mahi was a rec from the guy at the counter.  I am not a fan usually but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was moist and not overly dense like I've had before.  Friends got their shrimp tacos.  While they were huge in size, we all agreed it's better when it's made with a corn tortilla (they used a flour one).
The 'chips' were the skinny fries and not the thick kind which i liked.
Great service.  The guy was very helpful and came to check up on us.
Probably one of the best fish and chip places I've ever experienced.  Kind of mad at myself because we've lived by here for years and well only started going a few months ago.  I'm always looking for a good value when eating out.  This place is on the $$$ for fish and chips, but the value is in the freshness and quality so I don't mind paying the premium.  Service is terrific.  The staff is friendly and they really know their menu.  I guess if I had to make a suggestion the dining room could use some modernization.
The soft shell crab was really tasty but that is where it stops. The chipotle sauce that they provided for the po-boy and the crab tasted more like hidden valley ranch w/ paprika mixed in and the sandwich itself was just okay.
Pleasantly surprised! I had delicious grilled fish tacos and will be going back.
Best fish and chips in town. Add a soft shell crab for 4.99.
Just read all the reviews on Oscar's Pier 83 and decided that as Mainahs with a hankerin' for some haddock we'd give it a whirl.  Was shocked to find how close it was to where we live and that we've been driving past it all the time we were whining about how much we missed seafood!  We had the haddock fish and chips since haddock is hard to find anywhere around here.  It was great!  The fish and chips came with fries and coleslaw.  The coleslaw was excellent, the fries a little on the thin side for us.  The tartar sauce was a very nice flavor as well.  The gentleman at the counter was very welcoming and made some small talk with my husband about New England and being from Maine.  We will be back!  Cant wait to try the fish tacos, the shrimp and the broiled seafood options!  Eh-yup, it was "some wicked good."
Really Good Fish and Chips I had the Cod and the Shrimp was Great I will surely return for more. Good service also!!
The crab cake dinner was exceptional! Have enjoyed grilled Mahi tacos, also delish! Nice little gem in Glendale.
Apparently this place has been in business for 10 years but we just discovered it.  I had the combo basket which consisted of cod, clams, shrimp, oyster, chicken, and scallops.  I always see a plate like this as the ultimate test of a restaurants commitment to quality as most times they will cook everything together so most of the items are overcooked. Not the case here, everything was fresh and cooked to perfection.  I actually let out a faint moan when I tried the scallop.


My wife had a cup of clam chowder which was very good and we split an order of Hush Puppies that were nice and crispy on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside.  My only wish is that we had found this place sooner.
Oscar's was a nice find for us. Live just down the street but first time here, We'll be back. Wife had the fish taco and loved it, cod was moist and tender and just the proper texture. They were a bit heavy on the sauce that was put on but not enough to distract from the flavor. I had the fish n chips with cod, it was cooked very well, not over fried and also moist and tender. I really like the variety of seafood that is available here, and the menu is straight forward and simple. Great place for this type of food especially if your not in the mood for a full scale restaurant. Well be back often.
Three stars only because we just came back from London. Flavor was okay. Glad it's in the neighborhood, but wouldn't drive across town for it. The beer and wine selection could have been better as well.
This is a very casual family owned seafood restaurant where you order at the counter and they run the food to you. Most of the seafood is fried but they do offer broiled  seafood too and many people come for the all you can eat seafood specials. The special of the day was called jumbo halibut taco for $6.75 so I ordered it and had my choice of broiled or fried. I didn't think one taco would be enough so I added on a side salad for somewhere around $3.00. My taco was very packed with LOTS of very fresh shredded cabbage but my fish was terribly dry but edible and was plain but on the top of all that cabbage and some diced tomatoes was a tasty creamy chipotle sauce and on the side was a fresh made pico. They called it jumbo and it was big but it was the same size as the other tacos my husband ordered. The side salad was freshly made and not from a bag.

The fried fish tacos my husband had (shrimp and maui maui) were much better than the  halibut. They were set up the same way but he asked for the creamy sauce of the side. For my husband he thought they had too much cabbage in them and he scooped half the cabbage out. 

I've been here before but it was a while back. I'll go back because they offer many other tasty things to try but it is too soon to be a fan (4 stars) because of the very dry halibut but I do note maybe they normally cook it better and I just got an over cooked one?

The person at the counter was very patient and helpful in the ordering process.

I hope to up them a star on my next visit.
A great little seafood restaurant!  Very informal with a walk up ordering counter offering very tasty fish and chips and other seafood.  In addition to the inside tables an outdoor eating area is available.  Beer in bottles/cans and limited wine selection available.  Most selections served with skinny french fries and a creamy coleslaw.  Food all seemed to be freshly fried to order in a very light breading that did not mask the flavor of the fish was very enjoyable!
This is our new fried Seafood place in this part of town. It was the fried Oysters that got my attention. The prices here are reasonable and the food is fresh and tasty. They even have an all you can eat fried fish special that is worth checking out.

Inside is decorated with a fishing theme and there are several cool photos on the wall. Just go up and place your order and pick out a table. The condiment bar is really groovy and has one of those nifty fork dispensers. There is also a nice selection of hot sauces and even malt vinegar.

Started with a Oscar's Ultimate Combo with a side of Soft Shell Crab to get my feet wet. It is a deep fried Captain's dish with a little bit of everything. So good I brought my wife back for a Sunday throw down. She ordered the 2 pc Cod plate with fries and coleslaw. Yours truly went with some Cod, Oysters and Catfish. It was simply delightful.

They also have Salads, Sandwiches, Burritos, Tacos, and so on. Burgers and Chicken for you land lovers. Some of the items can also be broiled instead of deep fried. This is not a fancy Scottsdale restaurant. Just good food with a nice casual vibe. There was football playing on our last visit.

Excellent service and a very clean restaurant. We both agreed we would be returning sooner than later. Can't wait to try out some of their homemade Clam Chowder and possibly an Oyster Po-boy or a Giant Catfish Sandwich. DEEP FRY ME BABY!

4.75 STARS
Best fish & Chips ever!  Crunchy batter, very fresh cod & the yummiest thin fries.  Great coleslaw & tartar sauce too.  Love this place.  Shrimp Louie is also terrific.  Very fresh,
The best item on the menu is the claim chowder. The other items ( fried cod & scallops) was bland - needed some serious seasoning.
We used to go to Taylor's Chowder House for fish and chips, but after my family and I ate at Oscar's, we are hooked! The salmon is good, the fish and chips are great, and the hush puppies are to die for. The best item is definitely the clam chowder. The decor may be a bit lacking,but for the price and the flavor, it really can't be beat.  My family and I eat there every other week. These guys know what they're doing! For being in a landlocked state, there is no better place.
Pleasantly surprised!  We are new to Arizona and really thought we'd have trouble finding a good place for fish.  Really common where we're from to have dozens of good places for battered fish.  Clean, reasonably priced and prompt service.  Food was served hot, and the fish was meaty, flaky and moist and was not all deep fried batter.  It's not far from where we live so we will definitely be back.  Someone else mentioned that the cod was bland and needed more seasoning, well cod is a mild tasting fish, I don't think you'd want a lot of seasoning.
Oscar's is my solid lunch spot during the week.  The place is great, clean and the guys behind the counter are consistently friendly. 

I got into Oscar's because of a previous boss.  I would go and do the fried shrimp or fish and chips until one Tuesday afternoon when I was introduced to the fish taco.  Holy cow is that a good lunch.  It is a battered white fish, covered in shredded cabbage and then you pour their trademark sauce over the shredded cabbage and it is like eating an incredible slaw with fish in a tortilla.  Seriously, does it get any better than that?  Maybe topping it with some pico.  ;)

It sounds like a super simple meal and a simple sea food place and that is because it is, but what they do is done really well.  I have been to Oscars many times over the past few years and not once have I walked away not enjoying the meal I just had.  It is a solid place to grab a bite to eat.

BTW, the three stars rating is not a bad thing, this place is great, I would probably give the Ocean Club four stars where others might go crazy and give it five.  It is not Oscar's in this case, it is me.
Greatest mom and pop seafood place around. Most amazing chicken sandwich ever!!!!  If your looking for great seafood this is the place to go.
We've been trying local eateries rather than the chain restaurants.

We are so glad we found Pier 83!  Great fish tacos, and the kids meal portions are excellent!

One taco is plenty for a meal - two big pieces of golden fried Cod, shredded cabbage, pico de gallo, yummy sauce. Perfect!

Can't wait to go back!
So looking forward to trying the fish & chips, couldn't have been more dissatisfied, the fish had absolutely no flavor, probably due to the fact that it was over cooked. My first and last time------ so disappointed.
Continuing to love this place, a year later and the food is still as consistently fresh and tasty served by the same great people.

I tried the fish taco, in addition to ordering calamari, soft shell crab, and catfish meals.  I remember now that the fries are one of the few places where I like fries.  Everything else is just as great as last year.  The fish taco was great as well, 2 nice pieces of fish with slaw and tartar.  Excellente!
Mahi Mahi fried to crispy golden-ness....  Oh my!  It was so good, but the wait was SOOO long.  Sat on the patio and enjoyed the night skies.
I've been looking for a casual Fish spot for a while now, tis fit the bill perfectly. My wife who I've been trying eat a fish taco forever LOVED them here, I thought they were good not great but the chipotle sauce was awesome and went with everything we had. We got a fish taco, shrimp po boy and calamari appetizer. The taco was good size and right mix of fish and cabbage, shrimp in po boy was good but bread was disappointing just ordinary bagged French roll not even toasted, loved the calamari app  should have gotten two orders and bounced the Po boy.  Will come back probably more of a 3.5 than a 3.
I had lunch there today. when I got there their was not even one customer in the restaurant. continue reading to find out why. this is what I learned. I found they serve very small portions for VERY LARGE PRICES , But I do have to give credit where credit is due I had two small pcs of halibut and a small hand full of very thin French fries the fish tasted like it was fresh caught today Very impressive. the price $14.99  OUCH ! 
This was my first and last visit to Oscars. If you want that kind on money for the small portions  I Recommend you move to Scottsdale where us POOR people cant afford to eat.
We ate there today and we both thought it was very good of course what we had was all fried and a little of everything plate! Shrimp, calamari strip, chicken strip, cod, clams and oyster! I personally do not like oysters but husband did so he ate mine! $12.99 but was more than we could eat! Will be back again for a smaller plate and maybe try something new like poboy or fish tacos. Want to try the clam chowder too, my favourite soup! We drove 38 miles to try this place and was not disappointed!
Best fish tacos in all of Phoenix. Hands down!!
For a small place almost like fast food the fish I had was very good. Not fancy inside so if you are just looking for good fish to eat in or take out this is the place.
If what you were looking for is low-key ambience with a patio, great food and friendly staff, then this is it!  I highly recommend Oscars fried jumbo shrimp. You will not be disappointed.
The food is consistent, staff is super chill. It's a great pick for settling your fried food craving.
Me and my daughter have been to this restaurant for a while. So they deserve a five star. It is very hard to find a good fish place in Arizona. It taste fresh, It look fresh. When they fried it. It isn't resting on a bed a grease. So for the one who like destroyed small businesses just because you are ignorant or think your voice matter and that make you feel important. Please understand that restaurant are human been and they are not machines so stop acting like little brat and have some tolerance. I glade the place is in my neighborhood.
I came here for lunch with my family because we felt like fish and the valley lacks any selection of fish restaurants. Thankfully, Oscar's Pier 83 is very good.

I ordered the 2 piece cod fish and chips and my wife had the tilapia fish and chips. We shared so we could both sample some of their offerings.

Both meals were cooked to perfection. The tilapia was soft and tasty while the cod was meaty and also flavorful.

 The staff was polite and the table service was a nice treat especially considering that I was expecting a more fast food experience. I was also very excited that they were happy to alter our order after it was placed because we had forgotten to upgrade to steak fries and sweet potato fries.

The sweet potato fries were a nice treat because I normally hate sweet potato but the few my wife fed me were very delectable. 

The coleslaw was good and I enjoyed the cocktail sauce as well.

Overall I would rate this as a very good place for a quick meal for lunch or dinner. I would happily return to try more menu items.
The fish taco=wow. The service was excellent and the food was ready fast. I'd definitely go again.
After we finished eating and were heading to the car hubby declared "this was fish done right." Followed by "that was good." This came from a man who considers "it was okay" high praise.
I had fish with calamari and hubby had fish. We both substituted clam chowder for the fries - well worth the $2 up charge. Coleslaw also came with. 
The food was great. The crew was friendly. The music was pleasing and not too loud. The tvs were tuned to sports (no establishment should ever be tuned to news). The restaurant was very clean. What more could you ask for?
Amazing food amazing staff!! Love the fish tacos!!
Happy to have finally found a fresh seafood restaurant in Phoenix. The guys behind the counter were very welcoming and nice. The quality of the food is top notch!  Will definitely be back!
I absolutely LOVE this place. Seafood was fresh and on point. Not too much batter to fish ratio, just right. We ordered fried oysters, cod, fries and hush puppies. Large portion and seasoned perfectly.  I must aay, the condiment bar and fountain drink area was VERY clean. (Something I pay a lot of attention to) even the bathroom was kept very clean and had a fresh scent I  there. Anyway, you know the food is good when my very picky five yr enjoys it. Must try!!
Love the clam chowder bread bowl!! Delicious and filling. Amazing spot. The tacos are ahhhmazing. :)
Good. Tilapia  for a fish fry? I don't think so..Yuk...
While Benecol is clinically proven to lower your cholesterol, this place is clinically proven to raise it. I guarantee you'll enjoy eating at this place, but make sure you've sent off to China for your donor heart before hand, cuz you'll be needing a new one.

On my one and only visit I got a deep fried pizza which I chewed on in the company of two JF's. They, being PHD students, probably viewed me with utter contempt, and were only there with me to conduct a study into socially inept and underdeveloped human beings. As a result I ate with a reasonable degree of dignity in an effort not to draw too much attention to myself.
Had I been dining alone, my behaviour would have been distinctly less muted, and I would have wrung the doughy treat out into my mouth like a tea towel saturated with pizza flavoured fat. Then with more enthusiasm than a Romanian prostitute who had just realised she could earn a Leu and get something warm in her belly at the same time, I would have sucked the oily dregs from its limp remains, and given thanks for the privilege.

YUM-YUM.
They don't make 'em like this anymore, and it's a shame.

A greasy spoon / chippy / cafeteria hybrid, City Restaurant is not about atmospheric fine dining, but without even trying manages to have a hundred times more character than the vast majority of Edinburgh's more illustrious eateries.

Students, office workers, tourists and dossers. You'll find them all in here, damaging their health via the basic yet tasty grub. A window seat is tremendous for a bit of people watching, and it's the kind of place you won't feel like a weirdo sitting on your own. Just bring a paper.
The City Cafe is a wonderful cross over between a proper restaurant and a take away cafe greasy spoon thing - its really rather good.

The food isnt anything special, whether you sit in to enjoy what you have ordered, or take it out. However, the food is tasty, and the portions are huge - the price isnt bad either. The restaurant itself looks a bit 80's - but really, thats not a huge concern unless you were expecting 5 star kinda stuff. Staff seem to be friendly, even late at night when the restaurants main custom is drunken students, but during the day they are always nice.

This place is great if al;l you want is a hearty meal at a cheap price.
This cafe is cheap and is more like a Scottish diner. The ladies serving are friendly enough but don't expect too much from the food. It's basically what the Brits call a "chippie" stuff that tastes ok after a night out drinking with lots of sauces and vinegar. There is plenty of seating area inside but they aren't open very late. Their huge cooked breakfasts are probably like a better option, but only when you crave grease and carbs after  a wild night out.
The City Restaurant is nothing fancy and as previous reviewers have mentioned it's a greasy spoon type cafe. It's pleasant enough though, clean, bright and if you get a seat at the window it's the perfect spot for people watching. The last time I was here it was late afternoon and it was rather busy with people getting after work snacks so we were lucky to get a table. I ordered a full cooked breakfast with a generous helping of sausage (square slice and links), fried egg, beans, mushrooms, potato scone, two pieces of buttered toast and a cup of tea - okay, so not the healthiest meal but it was delicious and I polished it off in record breaking time.

I've also sampled their fish and chips and they are also top notch. Overall, if you're looking for a good meal to fill you up but aren't too bothered about counting your calories then this place is perfect.
After finishing an exam about a month ago, myself and two mates decided to treat ourselves to to dinner in City Restaurant.  We each had a baked potato with tuna mayonnaise which only cost about 3.  The potatoes were enormous and also came with generous side portions of salad  - a good deal for such a low cost.  The service is friendly and efficient and the menu has a pretty good selection.  
It also serves traditional chippy food with the usual fish and sausage suppers as well as pizzas which can either be eaten in the restaurant itself or taken away.  It does excellent trade as a result of this and is always quite busy around lunch and dinner time.  Nothing which they serve is overpriced and the standard of the food is generally quite good, definitely worth a visit for a cheap meal when you can't be bothered cooking.
Pizza, fish and chips, burgers...all available from this reliable caf that is unashamedly on the greasy side of cheap dining.

The breakfast are a good filler and the afore mentioned offerings are all a-ok for a last option meal. 

Late opening times and a city 'diner' atmosphere mean that City Restaurant has a certain charm that the locals seem to pick up on.
I very nearly scoffed at the City Restaurant, for calling itself a restaurant while having a big chippy counter slap bang in the middle of it. But I quickly realised it was more a diner than anything else, and a jolly good one at that!

Selling slap-up meals of burgers, chips, and beans on toast, it does diner fayre to perfection. The burgers are pretty massive, the chips are nice and soft and it's got a great bunch of greasy spoon options.

It's clean and there's loads of space. It's not the kind of establishment that's open at three in the morning, but although that may come as an inconvenience when you're drunk and in need of food, their opening times are also successful at deterring unsavoury customers at all times of the day. It's great for families and, believe it or not, a wee evening meal for two! For serving up simple but tasty food, it's awesome.
Despite appearing like some sort of American style diner (and it does look quite cool), City Restaurant is very British. Whilst small, seemingly nothing-special joints like this in the States might actually serve fantastic bagels or waffles or whatever, in Britain they tend to serve standard greasy chips. I think there is maybe some problem involving lack of  pride or something.

City Restaurant really isn't that bad a place. It's clean enough, friendly enough, it's not exactly expensive.  But I'm put off by the quality of the food. Maybe it's because I'm too concerned about what goes into my body that I can't appreciate a place like this. I also find it hard to find great options as a vegetarian although their baked potatoes aren't half bad.

There is still some charm to be had here, but some added homely family style cooking, or some quirky speciality wouldn't go amiss.
This is one of those places you'd happily eat your dinner at everyday of the year before ending up excessively overweight, but not necessarily unhappy.

The food itself is what I'd call good, honest food.  The vast majority of it is very greasy, but it doesn't mind it and nor will you as you eat it and not just because it's cheap and fills you up.  It's certainly no health shop, but so long as you aren't in here every day it makes a great treat.  If you leave here hungry then quite frankly there's got to be something wrong with you.

The whole place has an unpretentious atmosphere and it's quite happy for you to sit in or take the food with you, most commonly to eat on your way home after a night out.  Order chips in such situations and you'll be pleasantly surprised not only by the price, but also by the quality and volume of the food you'll be given.
This place has a great range of customers from all walks of life who are loyal to City Restaurant, and I am myself one of them. It has a great menu and there is always something on the menu that you are sure to like no matter how fussy an eater you.

The best thing about City Restaurant, is that they always serve you very generous portions, which sometimes I struggle to actually finish, and I normally can put my food away.

It's a multi purpose restaurant, in that no matter what time of the day you go there, there is something on offer, in the morning they do a breakfast, for lunch there are baked potatoes and in the evening, fish and chips. Not that I would recommend this diet, but the fact that it's always an option is great.
I haven't actually sat in this place yet but I can tell you that they do some very very good chips and I plan another visit there soon.
This place filled a much needed hole in my fringe timetable recently where we needed warm food and fast! Sitting down was a bonus.

Stumbled upon this place which at first looked like a chippy posing as a restaurant but I soon learned it was more the other way around.

Excellent table service, warm inviting interior, licensed, with a thoroughly broad menu for what I thought to be a chippy. Pasta dishes, grill, epic all day breakfasts and of course battered fish to name just a few highlights.

I went for my usual fish and chips which was gorgeous, crispy batter with flaky haddock and no sign of grease. Slightly overpriced but I all things considered I won't argue. My missus went for a pasta dish which she couldn't finish which is a first. Happy faces all round.

Busy wee place, especially the takeaway. 

Good vibes from here, would like to go back when I'm not in a hurry and maybe sit upstairs out the way of the queues of folk getting takeaway and the stares from street prowlers glaring in the window!
Look  *shifty eyes*   I'll be the first one to admit that this is not a healthy place to be in ..... but it makes my stomach so happy!

Their quarterpounder with cheese has saved my -academic- life several times, and I'm never disappointed by the quality of the meat either. It's perfect for that weekend grease run I always find myself doing.

How do I know the food is good in this particular greasy spoon? Well, I've got a very, very sensitive stomach, and if anything was awry, believe me, I would've known by now.

The only thing I've got to grumble about (I'm always grumbling about something aren't I?) is the mayonnaise, it's too vinegary. I don't really like it that much. But hey, I'm Dutch and we like our mayo, (no doubt about that). If you like your chips like you like your spoons (that is greasssy) this here'll do for you!

P.s. No whining about health now, I left my arteries at home, they don't have to know about this.
This is one of those Edinburgh institutions that you've walked past a hundred times without a second glance. I was taken here by my colleague who remembers coming here when he was a kid. I don't think I'm talking out of turn when I suggest that that was a long time ago.

It looks like a sort of upmarket chippy, with loads of comfy booths. Almost like an American diner, an impression reinforced by the friendly table service. And it's a lot bigger than it appears, with additional seating on the first floor.

They do a long list of British greasy spoon standards, but with less of the greasy. I had an omelette and it was deliciously light and fluffy, and a great deal too. Three-egg omelette with choice of filling, served with chips and peas, for 5.95. Washed down with a cold bottle of Caley 80, it was the perfect lunch.

Next time I'm out and about in this part of town and looking for a cheap tasty meal, I won't hesitate to come back here.
I like City Restaurant. It's one of these places that doesn't try to hide in any way the fact that they use frozen, processed food. I don't like all these places around Edinburgh trying to lure the unknowing tourists in with there menu slogans of 'True traditional homemade Scottish food' and what you get has Farmfood written all over it. At City Restaurant you know from the moment you see the very american road side dinner style that I'm gonna get fast food nutrition. 

So far there is nothing in my words written, that explains why one would want to dine her. Well simply I just really like  now and then after a long rainy grey day to sit down in a place where one can put yer feet up, whistle a tune, put my elbow right on the table and hand pushing my face to the side, fork in the other and just eat with out any one giving a damn about my manners. So if you seek this look no further. 

My rating of three stars? Well first of all any processed food just can't get more then an OK. The only thing that differs a one, two and three is the size of the burger and City Restaurant isn't short on size here. 8.99 for the City burger big enough to hide my face with, plenty of onion rings and chips.

Simply shitlicious!!
City Restaurant is a decent chip shop with a side line in all day breakfasts and grills. There is plenty of seating (there is more seating upstairs) and the staff are friendly enough. So if you fancy a breakfast or chips and want to escape the cold City Restaurant is fairly pleasant.

Why 3 stars, well the issue I have is that it is a bit more expensive than the other chip shops nearby, but the food is of no better quality, heck most of it tastes the same because it is likely from the same supplier... 

The quarter pounder, mince pie, sausage etc are identical to those found in Central Takeaway, I bring this up because at lunch time Central do a takeaway offer which means a selection of dishes only cost a couple of pounds (and in my opinion they do better chips).

In short City Restaurant is fine-to-good if you want somewhere to sit and chat while getting your fried food fix, otherwise there are better options.
A classy chippy...
Fish of the day is a must...
Upstairs for best views.
This is a decent chip shop with a pretty good sit-in menu. My complaint is that my server seemed to have very little interest in providing a high quality service experience. Her attitude was very grumpy and uninterested. Maybe she was having a bad day but I certainly didn't leave a tip.
The city restaurant sends me back to childhood days spent walking along the marine parade in  Lyme Regis, eating chips, trying to avoid heat stroke. Sure, there is no sea right outside the restaurant, but the chips are chunky and flavoursome (for potatoes). 

Portions come in small or large, the former costing 1.60, the latter 2.20. I go or the small portion which is rather generous. There are off times, and it seems as though the chips are at their best around 12 and 5. Extras include curry, mushy peas and cheese. On ordering, you can ask for brown sauce, salt, vinegar and mustard. 

The chips are cooked in vegetable oil, which is a plus for me, being veggie and also quite health conscious. I cannot really say anything about the other food, as I have only ever come here for chips, but the fish and chips are a steal at 4.50. 

The premises is clean, modern and in a very central location, close to festival theatre, he national museum of Scotland,  the University of Edinburgh and Surgeons' hall.
We've eaten here for dinner a few times since coming to Edinburgh, so I can only really comment on it as a restaurant rather than as a chippy.

City's diner aesthetic gives it a bit of character compared to the other restaurants in the vicinity, with it's bold colour scheme. We decided to give it a shot on this first impression as it stood out from the drab buildings that occupy most of that street. At first we grabbed a corner table, but the seats near the window do allow for a great deal of people watching if that takes your fancy. We also found the staff there pretty friendly and chatty, which also made for a nice relaxed atmosphere.

Each time we've visited we've had a good meal, their chip shop chips are great and more flavourful than the regular chips you might get from another restaurant, which was a nice change. Each time we've been we've tried different meals and combinations and never been disappointed. 

Price-wise it's about average, getting a bit pricey if you really want a steak, though you can have a good meal from 10-20 with drinks, which is decent value. I'd also recommend their cake of the moment as it's a bit cheaper and they normally have really nice cakes on offer.
This is a decent sort of fish and chips cafe next to the theatre.  The view of the Edinburgh street life is quite beautiful.  Unfortunately this place suffers from being a bit overpriced for such standard fair.  Still, not a bad place.
Het is een cafetaria waar je kunt zitten (boven hebben ze ook nog tafeltjes voor een man of 15) of af kunt halen, ze zijn inderdaad goedkoop voor het centrum (1,50 voor goedkoopste thee en 2,15 voor halve liter ice tea als je een tafeltje pakt). Bediening is langzaam, eten kwam gelukkig wel redelijk snel. Fish and chips was 8,45 en smaakte goed, korst was knapperig. Ze hebben ook pizza, pasta, soep, steak, ontbijt, cake/ijs, dus vrij veel keus.
Super cheap, super greasy, and super friendly.  This place is a splendid post-bar choice.  The staff were chatty and nice; they made us feel welcome.  The fish and chips I got were way too much for me to eat, but it was good.
There are only a few places in Edinburgh that I would recommend to a stranger in the street, but Bene's is numero uno, in my opinion. Yeah, ok, it's a fish and chip shop. But what's wrong with that?! I've eaten in fancy restaurants and paid through my ears for an average-tasting fish, but Bene's guarantees quality every single time. Fish and chips is, somewhat sadly, a trademark meal in the UK, so for tourists wanting to experience the best it has to be Bene's.

The fish and chips are to die for, you just know it's good quality fish. I've lost count of the amount of nights out that have ended up in a visit to Bene's (open till 2am at the weekends). The staff are LOVELY. I would be embarrassed that my local chippy knows me on a first-name basis, but I am thoroughly pleased to be able to chat to Maria and her husband Carlo, and even Bene when he is around. They are lovely, genuine people who work very hard. 
As well as your standard fish and chips, I can thoroughly reccommend the mince pies, cheese-burgers and pizzas (which they make with haggis!). It's real, honest, comfort food that is the highlight of my month! 

Furthermore, it is a widely known fact that whenever royalty comes to Edinburgh, they get a Bene's fish and chips. If it's good enough for the Queen, it's good enough for me.
Just a stones throw away from my place of work, on a couple of occasions I've felt ravenous enough on the way home to devour a fish supper walking along the street. I always judge a chippy on the quality of it's more exotic options such as the king rib, chipsteak or chicken, and having only tried the fish I can't be certain how good these delights are, but the haddock supper I went for was more than satisfactory.

Big, crunchy and tasty, the fish gets no complaints from me. Not unforgettable, but a bit above the average.
As Emily said, chips are one of the staple meals of the UK. We have a lot of good fish and chip shops, so if you're going to make a living out of making scrummy fast food, you'd best be sure you do it right!

Bene's fish and chip shop is of a very high standard, and quite stand alone at this quieter end of the Royal Mile. Serving up pizzas, fish chips and sausage suppers, it's the kind of price you'd expect on the Royal Mile but the quality is amazing. Tasty, soft and with great service, you can't go wrong with Bene's.
Ahh Bene's - now you deliver!!!

I was informed a few days ago that my mum had bought a new flat in the city and thus I was moving to it....but it's about 20 minutes from Bene's. Seriously, this upset me a bit. I've been so used to nipping up to Bene's for a pint of milk or some dinner, I've taken it for granted. Just when I thought all hope was lost, Maria informed me that they delivery. Thank you God.

Now you have no excuse not to try on of their famous dishes, they deliver!!!! woohooo!!
I made friends here! Im from Los Angeles California and I got to perform at Venue 13 for the fringe festival and this was the place!! Everyone of my people came here and ordered the Calzones almost everyday!This is a cute family owned food place and I made friends with  Medea! you are so sweet and I will miss this place very much so! Dont forget to try a fried Mars bar!!!
I'll be honest and say that I've only ever had pizza and chips from here (though now that I've read the reviews I'll be getting fish next time) and while MAN was that pizza good it's their chips, oh their heavenly chips, that are the star.  They are, hand on heart, the best chips I have ever had.  It's the combination of chips which are all different sizes so you have some which are super crispy and some where are nice and soft, and the fact that the DOUSE them with salt and vinegar ... ooooohhh man my mouth is actually starting to water.  

I used to live just five minutes from Bene's and it was my late night treat after a night out.  Now I live across town and try as I might I cannot find chips like Bene's.  

I think I know where I'll be dragging my man on Saturday night!
Have been a few times as it is a very convenient fish and chip shop on my way home. More importantly though I keep coming back because the chips - in my view the real measure of a chippie - are really good.

The chips I had last night - a large portion, which I shared were a lovely mix of sizes and all very well done, some crispy some soggy, none undercooked. For their location they aren't expensive, they seem to be open late and the staff are friendly. 

Also noticed this time some newspaper clippings on the wall detailing the royal clientele who make use of Bene's proximity to the Palace. So if you are a staunch republican you may have to steer clear, but I wouldn't let your politics get in the way of a good late night snack.
This was the BEST Fish and Chips I have ever had!  It was wonderful.  They fixed it while we waited and was still hot when we got back to our Hotel.  I only wish we were staying longer so we could go back.  Loved the added (your request) the vinegar and salt.
This fish and chip shop is located in bruntsfield.It has great chippys and battered food to take away.You can also sit in as it has a few seats at the window.
one word - yuck.

I used to live in Bruntsfield as a student and so would frequent the local take-aways. Globetrotters was, without a shadow of a doubt, the worst. The chips were disgusting, worse than Macdonals or Burger King and the fish...oh my God call that fish? It was like cardboard. Totally tasteless and dripping in grease. Also, the staff were not pleasant, leeching on all the young girls in the shop (not just me) and making the whole experience quite unenjoyable. If you want fish and chips, or anything for that matter, go elsewhere.
My love affair with the British classic: Fish and Chips can be a fickle relationship. Sometimes the chips are soggy, often the batter is too.  The fish can have a rubbery texture, and you can often find and empty chasm where the fish is supposed to be once you've broken the outer-layer of batter. The Globetrotter consistently addresses these problems and consistently provides some pukka fish and chips (contrary to the previous review, they seemed to have cleaned their act up!).  Particularly popular around 5pm, you will always spot a bunch of waiting customers underneath it's gleaming neon sign. Expect to pay around 6 for a generous portion piled into a card box. It's not the cheapest, but your paying for the quality.
Situated on the busy Bruntsfield Place, Globetrotter seems to do a roaring trade around 6pm.  As indicated by its bright neon lights its speciality is fish and chip, yet, as with many other chippies, it also serves sausage, haggis and stek pie suppers amongst other favourites.  
The service was friendly but a bit impersonal, although this can probably attributed to how busy the shop is around dinner time.  Everything on the menu is quite expensive with fish and chips costing about 5.90 and other classic suppers costing about 4.50.  At these prices most people would probably expect a near impeccable fish supper.  Whilst it wasn't particularly bad, there was certainly room for improvement.  The chips were pretty decent but the batter on the fish tasted a bit greasy and was wierdly thick.  The actual fish itself, however, was cooked nicely inside and the portion size was generous.  
Globetrotter serves quite good food, yet you may come away expecting a little better for the money you pay.
As a fan of Fish & Chips I always like trying out new places, seeing if any can match the quality of my favourite chip shop in Anstruther. In Edinburgh, this has proved to be a challenging task, with many chip shops providing soggy, horrible fish or chips which have not been fried for long enough!

However, Globetrotter was, to my surprise, quite a good chip shop. The fish has consistently been good, not great, but good. And on must occasions the chips have been crisp! However, I am not always to enthusiastic to pay near enough six pounds for a fish supper which is just well, good! That is why I would advise you to try the smoked sausage supper! Less than four pounds, this chip shop knows how to fry a perfect smoked sausage alongside some crispy chips!

Globetrotters also do burgers, pizzas and all the normal suppers you expect in a chip shop. If you fancy a chippy one day, then you will be hard pushed to find a better one in Bruntsfield!
I don't know why I went back, but I did.

I should have re-read my previous review to remind me how absolutely horrible the food here is. It's dripping in fat it's chewy (are chips meant to be chewy?) and the staff eye you up suspiciously. I felt like a criminal.
Rapido is a great little chippy on Broughton Street, I rate it as one of the best in Edinburgh.

The shop is bright, clean and, surprisingly for a business selling fried food, not at all greasy. They sell all the usual chip shop favourites like fried fish, smoked sausage, haggis, fried pizzas and of course chips. There is also an extensive pizza menu, featuring exciting toppings like gorgonzola and parma ham (believe me, this is exotic for a Scottish chippy!), all of which are freshly made to order on deliciously thin and crispy bases. If you fancy something a little healthier there are baked potatoes, again with lots of fillings to choose from. The counter has a tasty selection of traybakes and I often pop in on my way home from work for a piece of the rocky road, it is gorgeous!
After burning the dinner, I rescued the night by running round here and picking up Fish and Chips. I was quite impressed by the shop as it seemed to be a little more fancy by the chippy and had a very extensive menu. I probably would have gone for something else, but I was trying to pick something up quickly and when confronted with a large menu by decision making skills do come into question.

So reasonably priced Fish and Chips picked up, back round the corner home. Sad to say, but it wasn't much better than the food I had cremated earlier. The chips were pretty damn awful, so much so I couldn't eat them. Coming from a carbohydrate queen that means something! How do you make bad chips? I don't know, but Rapido managed it. And the fish was distinctly average. I was sorely disappointed. 

This place is always busy though and friends have given it good reviews so I guess I went on a bad night.
I consider this place the Blue Lagoon of Edinburgh. I'm sure somebody gives out awards for the best chips, somebody give it to them.

Let me start with the price, I was about 3 for a Chip Roll and a can of coke, which I would say is about average these days. They actually go through the trouble of buttering the Roll... take note rival chippys!!!

The chips are like little slices of heaven, not grease what so ever and not overly salted. If the potatoes could think, they would gladly commit suicide in hopes of being a Rapido chip.

The only negative thing I have to say is that the Fish supply is constantly dwindling and expect to find a line of people out the door waiting for the next batch to be fried.
The name 'Rapido' gave me the impression that my fish supper would be cooked, wrapped and payed for within nano seconds of my ordering it.  I was so wrong.  To be fair, it was really busy, but the queue to even place the order seemed to take an age.  When I finally did order it then took another five minutes to get it out the shop!  This was my only main criticism, however, as their menu is huge with plenty to choose from in the way of traditional suppers, pizzas with just about any topping and plenty of cooked sauces to accompany them.  
The fish supper cost 4 which was quite reaosnable, considering the fish was good quality, although the chips weren't the best.  Rapido serves pretty decent food, just make sure you bring a good, long book with you for the queue.
i think Stu's tastebuds must have been cheating him the day he visited The Blue Lagoon. The Glasgow chain is infamous for their "sausage" suppers, containing a squidgy 3 foot long phallus with a meat content of approximately 1%. I found Rapido on the other hand to be a bit higher up the chip shop scale.

It's clean, well put together, and with charming little nametags stuck onto the grub under the heatlamps which I found quite cute. Having only had a fish supper I can't comment on some of the fancier pizza choices, but my treat from the deep was very good. Not a great deal better than your average chippy to be honest, but size able, crispy, and of trustworthy origin.
Now that I'm a vegetarian all most chippies can offer me are some soggy chips or something coated in disgusting cheese.

I actually visited Rapido when I still ate fish and tried out their fish and chips. I have to say I didn't have as great an experience as some of the others and my chips were, to say the least, a bit greasy. Oozing greese is the worst for me, which is why i''ve more or less given up on these places.

I have to agree with the others that Rapido is clean and smart, a rare and pleasant find. The staff were also perfectly friendly. Maybe I will go and try Rapido again some day and have a better chip experience.
A few months ago, when it was that horrible cold outside that just made you want to stuff your face with comfort food and drink hot toddies, we got a pizza in Rapido on our way home.  

My man had eaten here before and vouched for the food, but I hadn't, so it was a new experience.  We decided on one of their "gourmet" pizzas with the lovely thin Italian base.  We wanted to add peppers to our Estiva (cherry tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella, fresh basil - basically a posh version of a Margherita) but we were told NO WAY.  At first I was put off - it's going in MY belly, why shouldn't I be able to put anything I want on it?  But then I remembered the Italian restaurant where I used to work.  Sometimes people would want to tweak dishes and my boss said absolutely no way - he didn't want the uneducated masses ruining his perfect combination of flavours.  The guy at Rapido was the same.  He said he would make any pizza we wanted for the normal pizza, but not his gourmet pizza, it just wasn't on.  

So we gave in and waited.  

When our pizza was ready, we headed outside in the horribly dreary weather to walk 10 minutes down the road to home.  
Unfortunately, by the time we'd arrived, the pizza was pretty much cold.  However, the flavour was wonderful and we gobbled it right up, vowing to get it home quicker next time so we could eat it piping hot.  

It really was just what you would picture when getting a good Italian thin crust pizza.
I don't care how much chrome you put on the pillars, or how beautiful the mosaic tile work is, you can't be a classy establishment when you're encasing fish in a 3 inch tomb of batter. It's not happening.

At least The Mermaid is trying, although I wish they had spend less money on decor and invested in a better frying unit. The chips were piping hot on the outside, but stone cold on the inside.

The sausage was cooked very well and actually had a little bit of flavor to it. 

Not a great chippy, just a good chippy.
Steak pie supper around half the price of other more central establishments yet with no loss of quality in either the chips or the pie. A chipper to make more use of I think.
A friend of mine loved Franco's so much that a group of us decided that instead of getting him a birthday present we would get him 'store credit' for fish and chips here. Whilst he also wept with happiness, I've forever suffered the guilt of watching his waistline expand...

Franco's is a brilliant Fish and Chip shop, the kind of place that they make you wait for 5 or 10 minutes when you arrive because they're just cooking up a new batch. This means you never suffer the curse of eating a piece of fish that has been sitting under the heat lamp all morning. The fish is always fresh, crispy and delicious and better still you get two pieces in a supper. Two! I'm still yet to find a chippy this good anywhere in London!
Franco's Chip Shop serves great food and the owners are as pleasant as you'll meet in an Edinburgh chippy.  The first time my friend and I went we had a battered sausage and fish supper respectively.  Whilst we waited for them to be fried to order Franco and his colleague were forced to ask a drunk women to leave.  For about five minutes she was a mere nuisance but when she claimed 'there's somethin' wrong with your batter' Franco was tipped over the edge.  
Unfortunately she was right.  My friend and I both conceded that the batter, although crisp on the outside, was too chewy and almost like pastry.  The chips, however, were excellent and the quality of the sausage and fish was also outstanding.
Despite the disappointing batter, Franco's Chip Shop offers great service and food to those who just can't be bothered cooking and those on a ravenous rampage from a night out.
A good chippy, but not a great one. I appreciate that they nothings left under the lamp for a great length of time, but when the produce you start off cooking is cheap it doesn't matter what you do with it.

Drinks are a little overpriced here aswell. Walk a few blocks down the road if you can wait.
Not only is it named after one of my favourite dictators, but Franco's is actually not all that bad a chippy at all. I must disagree however, that chippy food that's been under the lamp isn't that great.

When it comes to a king rib or chicken, the more shrivelled up and dried out the better in my book. If it gets to the lukewarm, e-coli cultivating stage though, I'd rather one straight out the frying pan.
Ok, call me old fashioned, but I have one favourite chip shop in the whole wide world, and to me anything else just doesn't meet the standard set by it. This kinda includes Franco's....but not exclusively!! They sell good things, it's a chippy so has all the usual, the staff are alright, and the prices are pretty reasonable....but it's just not my chip shop. 
To be honest the fish wasn't the best the last time I had it, but hey, wasn't a bad try.
Franco's seemed to be the last stop of our drunken retreat back to our student halls at Sciennes while I was in first year, and it soon became recognised as the source for a "guaranteed stomach hangover". 

My main gripe with Franco's is the lack of freshness.  I've had too many suppers that have been sitting out under the lamp for most likely hours.  I'm a fan of my puddings, and on the few occasions I've had a black or white pudding supper, they have been extremely dry and tasteless. The batter here is also far too chewy.  What's worse, after a certain time, they refuse to cook you anything fresh and will only offer you what they have already prepared. The chips are OK, yet have a tendency to be too soggy and certainly nothing on the nearby competition. 

The prices are not too bad, however given the quality of what you are paying for, you're much better off forking out a bit more and going to one of the other nearby chippies (Newington Traditional Fish Bar on the next street for one). 

The one saving grace is the large portion size of the fish supper, giving an excellent fish to chip ratio. Aside from that however, probably one to avoid unless the purse strings are tight.
Franco's is a great takeaway conveniently on the way back from town, coming towards Marchmont. It is cheap, does great greasy food and the guys there are good fun. It is a dirty little place, with the food often left under the heat lamp for ages but somehow still tastes good. The sausage supper is good, and you get two sausages, as opposed to only one in most other chippies. The haggis, fish and burgers are also pretty average. Everything, as you'd want with a Scottish chippy has had the hell battered out of it, but when you come back late at night you don't mind.

As well as fish and chips they do loads of different pizzas and kebabs. The kebabs are not great, but the pizzas aren't bad. If you can't decide between the two, go for the awesome doner calzone, which is so so good when you have it, but you will pay the price the next day as it plays havoc on your stomach.

Open later than the other takeaways around, Franco's targets the drunkards, and with really cheap prices and good greasy food it succeeds. You could do much worse
Yummy fries with that sauce...Sorry Scots, chips and sauce. Whatever you know what I mean! =)
Consistently the best chip shop I have visited in the New Town and I am quite fussy about my fish and chips.

I have had fish suppers, sausage suppers all the usual fare and the chips are cooked to perfection, the fish is always crispy outside but beautifully cooked inside (never been greasy) and everything else I've had tasted great. The produce doesn't sit under the lamp long, often I've had to wait 5-10 mins but it's always been worth it.

Also, I've had pizza there several times and it is really good and reasonably priced, especially if you get a larger size for an extra few pounds. Proper Italian style oven baked efforts, super tasty.

There is a chip shop much nearer my house, but I much prefer making the effort to go to Franco's.
being american, maybe i don't know too much about fish and chips, but as the good folks at yelp would say, "meh. i've experienced better." i also got up the nerve to try a bite of my friend's haggis (for those of you who don't know, that's a traditional scottish dish made with sheep's heart, liver & lungs minced with oatmeal, onions and spices and boiled in the sheep's stomach for a few hours). guess what-- it wasn't half bad. getting your mind around what you're eating is far more difficult than getting the haggis down into your belly.
For late night fish and chips, it's the most convenient to the Grassmarket pubs (and home for me). Each fish is made fresh for you, and if you don't mind paying an extra 50p or so, go for the 'special batter'. It's more breadcrumb than batter and the extra crispiness puts it above the crowd. Soooo good.

This is just a chippy, sure, but it's _my_ chippy. I love coming in after five or six drams and being greeted like an old friend. Occasionally I'll be offered something new to try, like tasty friend mushrooms and I never turn these morsels of greasy goodness down. 

Chip quality is average but the gravy and curry sauce are both top notch, and they'll helpfully put plastic between your fish and chips to keep the sauce from getting on the fish.

Lovely staff!
I so want to give this place 5 stars, but I'm afraid if I did, no one would trust my reviews from here on out. We ended every night here after drinking the Grassmarket dry. The Fish & Chips here were the best I had out of every city I visited on my trip. The fish was so good! The batter even better, and the chips, well they were just as amazing. This isn't the alcohol talking, I know you are probably thinking anything tastes good when you're a little tipsy, but I'm not lying when I say this place rocks! Get it, Castle (Rock) Chip Shop.
My flatmate's and I ate in Tony's Fish Bar once when walking back from our friends' flat one cold November night.  From the outside is appears to be your standard chippy but specialising in fish.  The man behind the counter (presumably Tony) was pleasant and seemed to value our custom.  What's more the the place was clean and the interior decoration gave it a welcoming atmosphere particularly after coming in from the cold outside.  
The menu consisted of the usual battered sausages, savaloys, haggis and, of course, fish and chips.  I had a battered sausage and chips whilst my flatmates had fish and chips.  Mine tasted pretty good and seemed to be up to the standards of any other chip shop.  My flatmates agreed claiming that the fish and chips were decent but nothing to write home about.
Tony's Fish Bar is an inviting chip shop with good service.  Although perhaps not worth going out of your way for, it's definitely worthy of your custom if you're feeling peckish on the long walk up Ratcliffe Terrace!
Tony's fish bar is your standard fish and chip shop in a city centre.

It covers all the based - fish, chips (of course), but also a veriaty of battered and deep fried things to help clog up your arteries when you just cant face cooking.

The guy who served me was pleasent, but that might have just been due to me buying four peoples food - at quite a hefty price tag I felt, but so be it. The food was pretty standard, but I dont think I would go out of my way to get here again.
Everyone loves a good chippy, and while Tony's doesn't set the world on fire with fried fish and chipped potatoes of stratospheric quality, it's perfectly good. Having only had a regular fish supper, I can't comment on the more exotic choices, but crispy batter, not too flaky fish, and chips that didn't taste like cardboard were more than enough to make me feel confident that a repeat visit would reap rewards

Best eaten inebriated, stinking of vinegar, and on drug addict-filled public transport for the true Scottish chippy experience.
This chippy has been run by the same family since 1967. It's fish and chips are excellent and it also sells kebabs and pizza. There's always a queue but don't let that put you off. There's usually a staff of about 10 people behind the counter so queues don't last long. Their prices are the same as anywhere else and they deliver.
A great chippie with the most friendly owners. Never had a bad meal yet. Highly recommended.
Fish and chips are always fabulous, and the pizza is delish!  Lots of other yummy goodies, kebabs, pies, etc. but the owners absolutely make the visit!

Every time we're in Scotland visiting from the US, we make a point to visit Giovannis and they remember my dad every time we're there!  Last visit they actually sent us off with a jug of their delicious brown sauce and a Giovanni's shirt!  Absolutely the warmest place to stop in for a quick bite!
The Central Chippy is a fantastic family run chippy just south of the city centre. It's perfectly located for picking up a bag of chips or homemade pizza on your way home from a sunny day spent in the Meadows or a night spent in a sweaty club. The lunchtime deals are pretty good and you can pick up a slice and some chips for only a couple of quid, I always ask for extra chippy sauce (something I advise you try, but only Edinburgh people seem to truely love it). This is one of the few establishments where the food tastes as good at 2pm as it does at 2am.
I live dangerously close to Central Takeaway and frequently go there for my lunch or dinner several times a week!  When I first saw Central I assumed it was a fish and chip shop but it has a wide menu.   It serves pizzas, pasta dishes and burgers as well as the other traditional chip shop type food such as battered sausages.  The food tastes delicious and the chips are some of the best I have tasted.  It is fairly reasonably priced, with a fish supper just under 6.  The staff are friendly and always seem to remember which sauces I like on my chips - clearly a sign I have been there far too much!  It stays open till the early morning so it is an ideal place to stop by on your back from a night out to grab a bag of chips.  In addition to it being a takeaway, Central also has a few indoor tables and chairs for people to eat inside.
Central is on everyone's way home from a night out. By everyone I mean everyone who lives in Marchmont, Bruntsfield and Morningside. It seems my world is really quite small, if you think of it. 

Anyway, it's standard. You've got your range of pizzas, which are actually pretty tasty for how incredibly cheap they are, your chips with cheese, chips without cheese, chips with your uniquely (and kinda bizarre) Scottish chip sauce (I really have no idea what they put in it). There's also your range of deep-fried unappetising-looking sausages and blood sausages and fish. I only say unappetising because the thought of deep-frying everything kinda gives me miniature hypochondriac heart attacks. This may be an exaggeration. They will deep-fry your pizza at request. Yes. Your pizza. I may have been living here for a while now, but I still just don't get it. 

They also serve the strangest of desserts. Well, strangest I've ever encountered anyway: Scotland's best. Deep-fried Mars bars. They're a force to be reckoned with. 

So, if you find you can't quite walk straight and should probably line your stomach with grease, Central is a decent, cheap option.
Average chippie, but is a well above average location.Only ever tried their Suppers, never their pizza, which are nice but nothing to write home about. 

What really sells this place is it's location, as has been mentioned before, it's on the way home to a lot of Edinburgh and in my case by car back to Glasgow.

Cost wise it is quite reasonable.
I got chips here once and I enjoyed it. Kind of your run of the mill chippie. I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it but if you have a craving for chips and you're there, why not?
Yes, it's a pizza / kebab / fish & chippy. Yes it looks like every other takeaway establishment on the face of the earth...but that's kinda where the similarities finish. My wife, a local from 'da Murrayfield blok'  tells me that Monte's has been owned and run by the same family since she was wee (& not wanting to give secrets away, that's far closer to 4 than 3 decades!!!)...and I guess for fast food, that's a pretty fair indication & good sign as to what you'll get. I'll also admit that I have only had pizza and kebabs from Monte's, no f&c (oops, sorry...fish suppers) thus far, however I have had what would amount to a lifetime of their kebabs and pizzas for mere mortals and they are the business! Sure there are equal if not better takeaways in the 'burgh, somewhere, but if you're within crawling distance of Western Cnr, this is your destination.
This review is going to have to be a joint effort between me and my other half.  Monte Bianco is a well established family run chip shop and pizza shop.  I love the pizzas from here, they are really tasty and crisp, good toppings and you can see them being freshly made infront of you. They also make a mean calzone.  

The chip shop side is where my hubby comes in as I can't eat the chips as they are not veggie as cooked in beef dripping.  My hubby says that's why they are so good!  I will have to take his word for that.  They also make their own chip shop sauce.  In Edinburgh you don't get asked if you want salt & vinegar, you get asked if you want salt & sauce.  anyway they make their own and it must be good as their is permanently a bottle of it in our fridge at home that apparently goes with EVERYTHING!
Huzzah! First review!
All right--to business.
I was recently in Edinburgh on holiday, and this was the chippy closest to my hotel, so I ate here a few times. And all times were most, most enjoyable. 
Things I like:
--The food
--They wrap the food in paper rather than place it in Styrofoam containers
--The ambiance is "winning" (I don't mean this facetiously)
One thing that confused me is that they seemed to want to put vinegar on my chips rather than your local brown-saucy concoction. I neither liked nor disliked this, but I thought all the chippies in this town were supposed to be curious-brown-saucy-concoction-centric. Why are they so enthusiastic about vinegar here? Was it because they knew I was a tourist? (If that's the case, I'm a little offended, although I can't say I'm very surprised, to be truthful.)
Anyway, this place is good. Eat there.
Love,
Byron
I can't give as an enthusiastic a review as our american friend here, because lets face it, we breathe chip rolls in this country. So let me be brief,

- Sausage isn't the cheap stuff.
- Roll's come pre-buttered.
- Fish is frighteningly boneless.
- Not to heavily salted.

And most importantly,

- cold cans of irn bru

5 stars
Situated at the top of Leith Walk, Deep Sea is ideal for getting some late-night food for the walk home after the Playhouse or an evening at the pub.  The fish and chips are excellent here, with nice, cripsy batter, good quality, fleshy fish and big, fluffy chips.  At less than 4, it's a great deal.  The place feels clean and fresh, with friendly service and an amazing aroma wafting throughout it.  
They also sell haggis, steak pie and battered sausage suppers which all looked great and were reasonably priced.  Deep Sea is heaving around 10pm, and you only have to try one of their delicious fish suppers to understand why.
I suppose the combination of alcohol and pangful hunger does sometimes affect one's judgement, but as far as I can remember, the pizza I had at Deep Sea was absolutely mind blowing! 

Some friends and I ventured over here after a night out, and though I'm usually sceptical of pizza at such places, I was pleasantly surprised! I ordered their pepperoni, which had just the right amount of grease, cheese and yes.. pepperoni! 

It's very conveniently placed as well, as there are several clubs in the vicinity. I completely understand if my judgement isn't quite trusted due to the dubious circumstances, but in my opinion there wasn't anything to complain about!
You have to love these places, no matter how hard you try not to or don't want to. It's greasy, over-priced, fattening and probably costing you your last 5 at the end of the night meaning you will now have to walk home, but it's always worth it and Deep Sea is no exception.

If you're out and about in the Omni Centre, or any of the endless bars and clubs in this neck of the woods, then your night is not complete until you've got yourself a Deep Sea. Everyone has their own junk food craving of choice in these booze-fuelled late-night situations, and mine is definitely pizza. Preferably with more cheese than base, which I usually end up burning the roof of my mouth on because I'm too impatient to wait for it to be cool enough to eat. And thank you Deep Sea, you've never let me down.
I'm beginning to think that some of these shops hire the same 4-5 people to give them such glowing reviews (or maybe there are only that many foodies with internet access in Edinburgh).  Deep Sea is right across the street from the flat in which I'm staying, so I had VERY high hopes for this well-reviewed joint.

1. The service was curt, and not friendly at all.

2. The fish was soggy and overly fishy.

3. The chips were okay, but only cuz I had them smothered in cheese.

4. Bland, bland, bland...

Perhaps I went there at the wrong time on the wrong day, but this has been my LEAST favorite chippie in my short but fish-centric stay in Edinburgh.
Five stars for the onion rings! These are proper, fresh onion rings, not the small frozen rings that every other chippie has.  ... The staff are always welcoming and I sometimes phone ahead for special orders.
This has turned out to be one if our places in Edinburgh.  We've been here a few times this week.  The fish and chips are really tasty.  I've also tried the chicken pakoras which are not as spicy as they appear to be.  The onion rings are tasty if not a bit over battered (if there could be such a thing).  They are generous with their gravy and ketchup.  Overall we've been happy with our experiences here.  It's filled with post pub party goers on Saturday night.   Get there by 1 for better selection...
They made me an offer I couldn't refuse: a decent calzone in Scotland.  Now I've heard this is a mediocre chippy at best, but they have a real pizza oven, and I'd been told by a friend that they make a "really good" calzone.  I'm a bit of a pizza snob, and I won't tell you it's amazing, but for what it was (a mushroom, onion, and sausage calzone) it was decent, even good.  The crust was crunchy on the outside, if a bit doughy.  The sauce was tangy, but maybe a bit too much oregano.  The portion was gargantuan (they have a larger one!), and it was heavily cheesed.  But overall I'd say it was good, not great.
This is a really decent chippie, and a great local to have. The fish is all fried fresh, and the portions are really generous.

Fish and chips shops need to be rated and enjoyed in their own sphere of "good vs bad". Bad are those places where they mass produce and serve on main high streets, where the food sits under heat lamps, dries out and most of the customers are too drunk to realise that it's like eating cardboard. Don't forget the soggy chips.

Really amazing fish and chip shops are those that are situated on the coast, you can take your grandma too for lunch and whilst it's still deep fried, it's fresh and light and crisp and wonderful.

The Codfather, on top of having a wonderfully punny name, is on the 'good chippie' side of things, yet still a late-night joint where you wouldn't take your grandma for lunch, but you would go if you were still sober or wanted a mid-week cheeky fish supper. The batter is still pretty thick, but it's fresh and crispy, and the fish is SO fresh and the portions are large and delicious.

Highly recommended, and I only wish I was no longer GF...
Indian take away and chippy rolled into one. Interesting ....... we had some great reports of this place from friends both in terms of the chippy food and the curry. 

The shop itself is in two parts one your standardish looking chippy and the other a kebab and curry counter. The chippy food looked pretty good and my friend eats here regularly so it must be to have repeat custom. We were in for Indian treats this evening so I will focus on the Curry kings or codfather 2. 

The menu is pretty varied and had some of our favourites, we opted for the veggie madras and a garam masala. Extras were boiled rice, cheese/chilli nan and a large mushroom pakora. The food is cooked up fresh in front of you as you can see though to the kitchen. 

The mushroom pakora was a particular highlight, you get loads of it there must have been 20+ bits and it tasted amazing. The curries were nice overall  and the cheese/chilli nan was interesting. Food wise thumbs up I well recommend the options we tried.

The only down side was the staff to be honest. There was an atmosphere when we came and this didn't fade throughout our wait. Kind of like when your parents have had an argument and you walk in the room afterwards. On a number of occasions I felt that folks were being a bit short with us for no reason. It wasn't bad I guess just not what i was expecting.
This is a clean, bright chippy that does all the usual plus kebabs and pizza. The chips are consistant and the large fish great value. Always plenty staff and they deliver. A long time ago this used to the a great wee pub called the Bluebell. They used to do a great steak pie. Porty has a few chippys but this is the only one I'd use.
Being so close to the sea, Portobello is obviously going to have a fair few fish and chips shops to choose from and this is a good one to go for and located on Portobello High Street, it is only a couple of hundred metres from the beach front.
 I have been here twice and the chips are always really tasty and the portions pretty good. The batter on the haddock can be a bit greasy but it provides good value for money. 
The restaurant itself is very spacious and you get plenty of room to be comfortable in your surroundings if you choose to eat in. The restaurant does not only do fish and chips, but also kebabs, pizzas and baked potatos, so will cater for most people's tastes. The place also offers a delivery service if you can't bring yourself to go there in person.
The staff here really are first class so I do feel a bit bad saying this, but the food on offer isn't quite as good as what you might get elsewhere and even though it isn't expensive I cannot recommend this as a place to get an easy dinner.

Where it does do well, however, is with its convinience.  It's right on the bus stop, so if you're waiting for a bus it does seem very handy and will tempt you into a sale.

I must admit, I've only ever been here at the end of a night out and at that point it generally does the job required of it, but it's nothing to write home about.
Salvatore's is a decent chippy which serves good, standard food at reasonable prices.  I live just along the road from these guys and so visit every now and again when I can't be bothered cooking.  The service is fast and friendly and the place is clean with some seating for those sitting in.  The menu has a good selection of fried fish, suasages, haggis and black pudding as well as pizzas and kebabs.  Most of it is well priced and their battered sausage and chips, my personal favourite, costs only 3.50.  
Their chips are delicious and are hardly greasy at all, whilst their batter is thin and crisp.  If you're in the area and fancy a great, cheap takeaway then Salvatore's is ideal.
My flatmate quite enjoys going here whenever he can't be bothered to cook himself an actual meal. Because the chips are really cheap and plentiful. I've only ever been in a few times and mainly for pizza. That is, when I'm not up for splashing out on Delicious Italian. 

Their pizzas are quite standard. But they do have this one kind with garlic and aubergine which is pretty amazing. I mean, you don't wanna watch him putting the thing together, because everything comes out of jars and cans, but it's so garlicky and so cheesy and so salty!

I wouldn't tell anyone: you must go here. I wouldn't rant and rave about it, because it just isn't that spectacular. But. It's right downstairs. So if I have someone over who's desperate for food, cheap, greasy food, I send them there. It's all circumstantial, really. And in the right circumstance, this place can be exactly what you need.
It's hard to get too excited about a chippy, but as far as they go this is a fairly good one. In fact, it was here that I first tried Deep Fried Haggis (scots will quite literally deep fry anything!) altough they do serve pizzas, a few pastas and all the usual greasy fried things that come with chips.

It's definitely one to stay away from if you're even vaguely watching your figure - when a friend of mine ordered a cheeseburger, naively expecting a burger and some cheese in a bun. Instead, they put a slice of cheese between two burgers and dep fried the whole lot, then served it on top of a huge pile of chips.

Greasiness aside, the staff are friendly and it's not bad value for money either.
Oh great, another s**t Edinburgh chippy. Not quite as bad as the others, but not great either. The chips here are like every where else. Chip shop chips. All the same. The portion sizes are a little less generous but I think that's probably a good thing - chippys always give you too much.

But again, the fish! It's rubbish. It never tastes of anything. At least the batter here is nice a crunchy, but batter can only do so much for a crap piece of fish. And it's expensive too - nearly 6 for a fish supper, which is ridiculous.

One thing Salvatore's has got in its favour is the pizza. They have a separate pizza chef and the stuff he turns out is really quite good. And the pizzas are more reasonably price too. But the fish is rubbish. And Mr Salvatore is a West Ham fan. Bleurgh.
Living on Sciennes Road a few years ago, I was pretty much halfway between Salvatore's and Franco's, and like a East Coast versus West Coast rap battle covered in batter, war raged every time we'd go for a takeaway. Franco's slightly won in the end, just because it's a little bit cheaper for what you get but Salvatore's is still pretty good.

It's a chippy so you pretty much know what you're going to get. Grease, fat and batter are the operative words here but it's all pretty tasty stuff. The sausages are good, as is the haggis and the chips are fair enough. It's still pretty cheap as well, which is always a bonus, and the staff are friendly. 

If you live in Marchmont, you can do a lot worse than here for all your chippy needs.
It's something to be said for a guy who takes the mick out of almost every customer that comes through his door. Wow, this guy's got a bad attitude.

Stopped by here on a night-out to line the stomach before it was too late and the drinks went to my head. Right from the off the old gent behind the counter (Salvatore I presume?) oozed condescention, talking to me as if I was one of the many drunk-out-their-eyeballs students that are his locals, and exuded an air of indifference as to whether he retained my business or not. 

The man seemed bored. But as I was already in a good mood, I decided to ignore and chose a chicken leg to fill the void. When I asked how long this would take I was met with a sigh, a roll of the eyes, and "well.... about 7 minutes... give or take," in his altogether 'in my own time' attitude.

So taking a seat, I was then privy to the out and out insults he barrelled at the next two students to pop in the door. Admittedly they were more obviously drunk, slurring their words, indecisive, etc. So Salvatore let rip, safe in the knowledge they probably wouldn't remember.

When it came time to pay, the bill was 4.55. As I had a pocketful of shrapnel, and in a bid to relieve myself of a dozen 5ps or so (hate 5s.... hate em!) I had taken the initiative and pre-counted out 5.05, expecting a solid 50 pence piece in change.

No. He counted about 15p of it then dumped it all in the till. Brilliant. So I took the liberty of pointing out how much money had been ladled in his hands.... to which his reply was silent and clearly irritated: he opened the till and gave me 1 change.

Any other person in my shoes, hacked off with this guy's attitude, would've taken the money and run. I however, took more pleasure in pointing out that he did in fact owe me 50p and not the whole pound. A lovely way of telling him how thick he was and satisfying me tenfold.

Why 2 stars? The chicken was alright.
Not the best chippy and definately not the worst. This has been my local for a long time, I dont eat chippy food that often but what I get here is consistant and it is round the corner. :D

Plus points 

- Chips are pretty good
- there is seating
- pizzas are average, but consistant and inexpensive.  
- the haggis is great
- fish is okay
- good lunch time deals
- always open it seems these days

Minus

- It is a bit average in terms of quality
- Some items are a little pricy

Noticed the comments from JoeA below. Yep that sounds like Mr Salvatore. I kind of like that he doesnt hide his disdain for people, it comes accross refreshing at times especially in Marchmont.  When you see what he has to put up with then yep I can understand.
This is my local chippy, and its pretty good. The staff are pretty friendly and they serve a variety of chip shop food. They also do pizzas which are good enough and there is a varied selection of toppings. My boyfriend always gets the fish and it does taste pretty good. The food is always freshly made too, there's nothing more disappointing than getting your fish supper home only to discover its cold and soggy.

This chippy is right next to Tynecastle stadium, and when there is a match on this place is packed. So I guess they are doing something right! As far as I can see its the only decent chip shop in the area. 

One thing that bugs me is they don't do baked beans. Random, I know but I like beans with my sausage supper! I guess in Edinburgh baked beans at the chippy is a no-no.
I think Amy is right because...

This is a really great chippy, food is really cheap and so are cans too (thats where they sting you!). But like she said, don't expect to get served on a Saturday. The best you can hope for is sitting around collecting the scraps on the ground what the punters drop (which could feed a small country).

I think Amy is wrong because...

Baked beans should never be near sausage suppers and she should be banished to an Spooky Island for even suggesting it!
Gorgie Fish bar, right by Tynecastle Stadium, has got it all as far as I'm concerned. There's a fair bit of space inside and a massive heated counter where a good supply of fish and chips can be kept for the starving punters, who come in their throngs on match days.

Yes, it does the standard kind of food you'd expect from a chippy - namely fish and chips. But as Amy said, they are done exceptionally well. You can smell the deep fried goodness as you walk on by. Its aroma is wafted across Gorgie Road and you are powerless to resist its tempting charm.

Chips are crispy and tasty as hell without being rubbish and overcooked, portions are generous and staff are patient, even on the busiest of days. Service is pretty good considering it's always busy, and the fact that it's usually stowed out is a testament to how popular it is amongst the locals. It's big, it's deep fried and it's here to stay!
I'm going to give Gorgie Fish Bar 3 stars. Not because it doesn't do GF chippy's but because my chips this time were awesome but absolutely bloody awful last time, hence 18 months between visits.

My comments are strictly chip related for the special dietary needs exclaimer above but all sorts are available here - pizza's, suppers of every variety, burgers, glass bottle juices, jars of mussels, etc...

My chips this time were perfect. Post the Odyssey night and after a couple of glasses of Prosecco, I had an almighty craving for chips on my walk home. They were freshly made, piping hot, not too greasy and when I asked for my usual, they were drowned in 'tons and tons of salt and vinegar'. I scoffed them quickly, they were so good.

Service is great here - it is the one place where if I say 'tons of salt and vinegar' then they get a proper heart attack inducing level of salt pouring and a drowning of vinegar - yum :-)
So, I'm more inclined to visit again soon and if the same high standards are met, then it may even be a 4 or 5* review for the humble bag of chips.

PS. its a decent sized portion too :-)
this could be the best fish and chips in gorgie/slateford area, shame they don't have cod but only haddock and I personally don't like haddock, nevertheless the fish is freshly cooked and chips r generally crispy. I was bit confused about price since I ordered the fish and chips and battered sausage supper which cost me about ten quid something, I think that's bit expensive?
I've been to Papa Joe's at least four or five times and have always had great service and food. 

They serve up fish, shrimp, ribs, pulled pork, wonderful side dishes like hush puppies and fried okra.

Each time I've been to Papa Joe's I have ordered the one piece spicy catfish (which isn't spicy) and two shrimp. The plate comes with fries, but you can substitute for a different side. I recommend the jalapeno hush puppies. They aren't spicy, like the jalapeno would indicate and are addictively yummy.

I've never had the pulled pork sandwich, but my husband has and says it's really good. 

They make home made sweet potatoe pie, which I have yet to try, but I certainly will soon as it looks soooo good.

The people that own Papa Joe's are very friendly and accomodating and aside from the good food the people make it worth coming back.
Joe's is on the South side of Bethany and a little West of 19th Ave, in a strip mall sort of. They have a large sign out front.

Daaauumm good food. 

I had the cod, nice big flaky hunk-o-fish. A little over cooked but not too bad.
The Shrimp, good size great crisp, good flavor. 
The beef rib, spicy (not spicy, just more flavor) Huge rib perfectly cooked and seasoned/sauced.
Mac N Cheese, just like mamma use to make with welfare cheese! 

I had a chance to talk to Joe and his lovely wife, nice real people!

Joe was kind enough to "lend" me a container of peach cobbler. I say lend because I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE. 

The burgers did not look like anything to write home about. Go for the fish N que.
Following kris m's technique for rating this place, I'm giving Papa Joe's the full 5 stars. Service is friendly, prices are good, and the food is excellent for this culinary genre. Unlike other fish 'n chips places, they don't put a heavy batter on their fish here; instead, it seems that they cover it with a seasoned flour, resulting in fish that I found to be light-tasting, flaky and moist. The pulled brisket I had was hearty and well-seasoned, and the sides of huge onion rings and tasty fries were a perfect accompaniment. You don't come here for "fine dining", just  simple but really good food!
Tried the catfish and the Mac n Cheese... wonderful

My kid had the pulled Brisket... yep brisket sandwich. YUMMY

Another great day at PJFNQ

PS they have limited Sunday hours but they are open.
This is a great find. The sauce isn't my favorite - it's a bit on the peppery side but it's still delicious. The catfish is some of the best I've had. Very clean place and nice people. Good prices too.
Well I finally gave Papa Joe's a try. I have driven by this place many times and have even had people tell me about it but just never made it. I took my mother to the eye Dr. today and thought it would be nice to go out for lunch after. This place popped into my mind because, once again. I had driven by just the night before. 
        We went in and checked out the menu on the wall. After going through about everything I ordered the catfish and shrimp as well as the 2 piece ribs combo. My mother ordered the catfish as well with the potato salad. Food came out pretty fast and I dug in. The catfish was fantastic!!! I ordered the spicy and it was full of flavor and cooked very well. I then reached over and tried the ribs. This was the only thing that did not floor me. They were very good but a bit to peppery for me. Good size ribs with lots of meat but still maybe a 3 on the 5 star scale. 
     The sides were wonderful. I had the onion rings and the okra with one order and the mac and cheese with the other. All of which were excellent. My mother loved her catfish and shrimp. Which reminds me, my shrimp was very good and would love a big plate of those guys. 
       All in all I would strongly recommend Papa Joe's. I will be back for more of that catfish and just about everything else I can try. 

One last thing, the pecan pie was excellent. I could not resist. I wanted to try the sweet potato pie but they were out so I had the pecan instead. I was not unhappy with my choice.
This place is amazing!  I decided to try it one day because it is right by my work, and I have been hooked ever since!  Some of the best soul food around this side of town!

Personal favs: spicy catfish (which by the way you can now get in nugget style!), mac-n-cheese, and their beans (which are a combo between ranch style beans and sweet beans; I can't even begin to describe the mouth watering flavor).

I always ask for my catfish extra spicy because their regular spicy batter doesn't cut it for me; they never object!  Food is consistently ranked for HIGH QUALITY.
I agree with the previous reviewers, this place is AMAZING!

I had the three piece spicy catfish. Outstanding.  Huge portions, lightly battered (not caked). Delicious. I love this place!

Service was great too.  The owner seems like a great guy and truly makes everyone walking in the door feel immediately at home.

If you are anywhere near here, don't miss out.

Note: It's got a small store front, blink and you'll miss it. And missing it would simply be awful.
AWESOME catfish nuggets. This is a small family owned and run business. The menu is on the board that hangs on the wall, They offer specials of the day, quaint. Papa Joe's is now a favorite of mine.
And oh my lordy, they have good hush puppies. Ohhhhh I'm so sorry I've driven by this place for years and didn't give them a try. OK I've eaten here many times and it seems to get worse. I don't go there anymore as the last time was awful. Okra, greasy and too spicy. Mac & cheese was overcooked and the catfish was too spicy. I didn't order spicy.
Ahh, this place makes me think of "Coming to America" with Eddie Murphy.... "Just let your soul glow... just let it shine through!!!"  This is some of the best soul food in town.  My usual staple for soul food has traditionally been Lo Lo's Chicken and Waffles, but I know that if I'm looking for fish and chips, I'm coming to Papa Joe's.   

I had the 2 piece spicy catfish and shrimp; the portions are generous, the catfish is wonderful -- he uses a real light breading on the catfish and a thicker, crunchier breading on the shrimp.  I like the that the catfish was reasonably mild in flavor, although he has an option for spicy breading.   Standard fare includes fries, although I opted for the jalapeno hush puppies, which did not disappoint.    

The shady neighborhood and bullet holes in the windows add a nice touch to give you that authentic experience as well.
I love this place. Ordered 2 cod plus extra tarter sauce. Ended up with one unused sauce - bought more fish!
First time trying Papa Joe's we'll see how it is...

For the price it's really hard to beat Papa Joe's

I had catfish, shrimp and okra, all fried along with macaroni & cheese. The catfish, shrimp and okra were all good. Actually the fried okra was really good, who knew you could get fried okra in Arizona? The macaroni & cheese was nothing special, I probably won't get it again but I will definitely be back.
Finally got a chance to stop in and check it out.  Got the catfish cod and hush puppies.  Overall the atmosphere was okay, nothing special.  The food was good.  First time I've ever had good catfish.  All the ones I've had before were always really oily with a unique taste.  This one was soft and dry(not oily) with a nice breading.  The cod had a good breading but was dry on the inside.  Unlike other reviews, I wasnt too impressed with the jalapeo hush puppies.  The tarter sauce was good tho.  I did find it kinda wierd that although they had their fountain drink out in the dining room, they had a sign that said 50 cent refills, never saw that before.
I love this place!! This is the best catfish I've ever had. I also tried the fried chicken the time before and it was wonderful. I wish they were more centrally located but if I'm in the area I'll stop by. The only thing I think that needs improvement is the air, it was a little hot in there yesterday. Oh and they shouldn't charge .50 for a refill, that's a kind of "ghetto". Other than that very good!
My boyfriend & I are both fans of BBQ. He is especially picky but I can understand because his Dad makes the best BBQ and homemade sauce I have ever had. That being said, Papa Joe's is delicious. We have never had a bad experience and have been coming here for a while. The pulled pork or pulled chicken are my personal favorites. If you go later in the day there is a good chance the pulled pork will be gone, that's a good sign in my book. He normally gets the ribs & has never complained. Their fried okra is good as well the batter has the perfect spices in it.
 I have suggested Papa Joe's to several friends; its small & the people are friendly!
Ribs were tangy and very peppery. Not dry at all. Mac and cheese was silky, greens were smokey and porky. Portioning was very generous.

The cashier asked me if I liked corn bread and gave me a free side of it and I have no clue why.
Had the pulled pork sandwich, fried okra, mac-n-cheese, and sweet potato pie. With a drink the bill came up to under $10. Great food and great prices.
First of all I want to counter comment the review from Brittney S. 
You went to this place 3 times as you stated and I would hope knew it was a Soul Food place... Therefore alot of fried food. They don't offer smothered there either. If you don't like it, don't go... They didn't force you to order fattening item's feel your review was not accurate. 

Anyway, we went on Saturday Oct 8th. Being a girl from the South I am always on the look out for good Southern/Soul food places everywhere. There are not too many in the Phoenix area. "Mo" took our order and recommended some items for me. He was nice and very helpful. We also met the owner "Papa Joe" who was very nice and very appreciative of our patronage. I ordered the pulled brisket sandwich, mac and cheese, greens, corn bread and sweet potato pie. The sandwich reminded me of Texas style BBQ. The mac and cheese was creamy and delicious. The greens were seasoned and delicious as well. The corn bread and desert was also equally pleasing. 
My boyfriend ordered the ribs, fried okra, jalapeno hush puppies. The sauce on the ribs was tasty and have black pepper in the sauce, the ribs fell apart they were so tender. The okra was not too breaded and was cooked perfect. The hush puppies were great and not spicy hot like one might think. Over all we will go back, it was great food and the staff were nice to us. I do recommend checking this place out if you want a little soul in your hole.....
I picked up some food from Papa Joe's on a Friday night to take home for dinner.  My husband loves ribs...but they were out of ribs so I got him a pulled pork sandwich.  AI ordered the cod and lots of side dishes.  The cod tasted like the oil to cook it was old.  The onion rings and shrimp all had that same old oil taste.  The pulled pork was OK.  The only really tasty item was the coleslaw.  I was so disappointed with this place and won't be going back again.
WOW!...was my first word that came flying out of my mouth..when I walked into Papa Joe's Fish n Que! The homey restaurant is immaculate..and very nicely decorated. Has a warm and nice touch and flare for New Orleans decor. Being a BAMA girl..I love my fried catfish and shrimp..so that is what I tried. After talking to Janet ( her family owns & works Papa Joe's) she told me the catfish is fresh and hand seasoned (to perfection, I might add) They have several catfish and shrimp options...I went with the 3 piece Catfish w/ 4 fried shrimp...it normally comes with french fries, but Janet said I could have my choice of a side instead. Which I opted for because my mouth was already watering for the mac and cheese...I also added a side of turnip greens and a slice of pecan pie. What is really a nice surprise..the cold drink comes with the combo meal..and they threw in a free piece of cornbread, wrapped in a cupcake wrapper. OK...I rolled up my sleeves and dug in!! OH LAWD...the catfish is to die for...perfectly seasoned and fried...3 huge whole catfish fillets, (no half fillets here) Dang! it was so delicious...I had to stop myself from eating the last fillet..cuz, I wanted some for dinner later. The shrimp is just as great..steaming hot and perfectly cooked! The mac n cheese is creamy and cheesy and heart stoppingly addictive..not overcooked and bland. My turnip greens were just glistening in their pot likkor, to which i let my cornbread sop up that delicious elixir..and then when no one was looking..I picked up the bowl and drank with delight the yummy pot likkor from the greens!! I could not stop smiling..while eating my gastronomic delight...it just made me so happy. I just had to meet Rodney (he's Janet's son and was in the front making some fries) and Papa Joe.. ( the owner and names sake) was very friendly..to tell them how delicious their labor of love was!! A very nice, warm and friendly family...where you can tell they put their heart and SOUL..into this wonderful little gem of a Fish n Que joint! I highly recommend the catfish, shrimp, greens, mac n cheese, and pecan pie!! i didn't have my glasses with me..so I couldn't read the full menu..BUT..I know they have some wonderful  BBQ...and maybe next time (if I can get passed that catfish) I will try some of their BBQ'd items! Definitely 2 THUMBS UP and a 5 star review from this satisfied localvor (local) eater!! I will be blogging on my Face book page and sharing Papa Joe's Fish n Que Restaurant!
P.s. I only came to know about this gem..through the Living Social Coupon...and I'm so glad I did!! You won't be disappointed!! I"m glad I bought 2 of those Living Social Coupons..I will Definitely be back for more!! Thank you!  EAT LOCAL!!!
MMM MMM MMM that's what I said as I salmmed down my fried whitting, collards and cornbread. Freshly cooked too order so expect to wait. What a gr* spot for soul food. Price ranges from 7-9 bux and you get 2 pcs of fried fish and 2 pcs of shrimp with most fish combos. Delish. Check it out!
The last time I went there, and it is the last time, the food was not good at all. overcooked and the spice hand fell hard on the okra and catfish. I ordered no spice and got lots of spice. After I paid for my order, which was an order for 3 people, the owner said to me, my wife didn't charge you for some stuff. I've told her to write so I can read it. OK, rude! Suck it up and deal with your wife. I used to go there a lot and have sent a lot of business there but I feel that this is a business that has plummeted to poor, very poor in service and quality.  I have found MUCH BETTER downtown.
Catfish. I now love catfish. HOLY CRAP do I love catfish!
Let's just say... When living social came out with coupons, I bought 4. I get the spicy catfish every time and the jalapeno hush puppies are very good. Its another small business that you guys can support and feel good about because they deserve the business.

If you eat there, you will probably smell like the food they make. It used to be a Quiznos so the atmosphere could put some people off. Just order it to go and you will not be disappointed.
I Love this Whitting Fish Sandwhich. I order it with Fries and Cole Slaw. Personally I dump Cole Slaw on the Fish Sandwhich and I'm great!
I have had better in many ways. But where do I start.

It took about 20 min to get our order. Not exactly a speedy lunch.

My $2 side of jalepno hushpuppies was very small consisting of 5 of them about the size of tatertots.

My whiting sandwich was just once price of fish where breading on t e bottom was soggy and a lackluster bun for $4.

Tartar sauce is rationed in small little cups.

The Ambiance is also lacking in this former quiznos, the floor still sports a Q, most of the burned out light bulbs have yet to be replaced and the Oder of something permeated my clothing.

Slow service, bad prices and medicore food, I just don't get it.
I will try catfish and southern food where ever I can find it and I had a Livingsocial for this place so even though it was out of my way I decided to try it. I don't like spicy anything but I have to say that I also thought this was the best catfish I've had. So much so that I had to go back and make sure I didn't think it was so good only because I was hungry. It was just as good the second time. This time I decided to try some of the sides. The mac and cheese was just okay, I've had better. The greens were just too bitter for me. I couldn't finish them. But I will definitely be back for catfish and try the BBQ next time. Very friendly people working there.
That's what it'll be I said to myself as I drove the 20 miles down to the Doctors office from NW Phoenix, Papa Joe's Fish and 'Cue!  I had read the Yelp reviews and had wanted to go for weeks now.  So on the way back from sitting for 30 minutes in an MRI tube, I stopped at what I was sure was going to be a grand slam.  Kind of a rough part of Bethany Home Road but I figured it should be ok and it was, don't let it scare you off.  Walked in and the place was full of people but no one had any food in front of them and since it was nearly 1 PM, I figured everyone is already done with lunch (wrong).  Ordered the brisket sandwich and two sides for around $6.50, reasonable enough and even comes with a drink.  I was order #17.  I waited for my to-go order by the side counter.  After about 10 minutes they called #10 and that was my first red flag.  I thought this could be awhile.  Sure enough a few minutes later they called #11, then #13.  Twenty minutes in they called #8 and it was pretty obvious they lacked institutional restaurant control.  One of the patrons walked up to the counter and asked for his money back, that he couldn't wait anymore.  I asked how long he had been waiting and he said an hour and a half.  At 35 minutes and really late for work I asked for my money back and they said it was coming right out.  Oops, turns out #14 was coming out not #17.  At that point I just walked out with the nice lady behind the counter telling me she would give me my money back.  I just kept walking and will dispute the charge later with AmEx.  They seemed like really nice people, the place was clean, and (supposedly) the food is good.   The questions you have to ask yourself is, "Do I feel lucky?" and "Do I have the disposable time to wait up to 90 minutes for BBQ" -especially when Bobby-Q's is a mile up the road and I can get my meal in under 5 minutes.  Very disappointing.
Papa Joe's is an excellent restaurant if you're looking for delicious fried fish.  If you're interested in ambiance, service, or frills, you should stay away.

The catfish sandwich is a great deal ($3.89).  The fish was well breaded and crispy (not soggy or oily).  The absolutely best thing on the menu is the fried Okra.  Even if you don't generally like okra, you should give it a try.  The breading they use is spicy and fantastic!

I think they close at 7 PM, so don't try to come for dinner!
Papa Joe's makes catfish the way it should be made - non-fishy, non-greasy, with a perfectly seasoned and light crust.  Good greens, good mac 'n' cheese, great jalapeno hushpuppies.  If you want catfish - this is certainly the spot to be.

I also tried a bite of the pulled pork which I thought was passable (the vinegar based bbq sauce was, however, marvelous) but not anywhere in the same league as the catfish.
My hubby and I just had lunch at papa'Joe's. YUM to the 10th power! Marc had a burger( like always) he loved it. I had two piece cod and 3 shrimp. The Cod was better than i've ever had. How do I know? I used hardly any tarter and I ALWAYS use a ton of tarter. They were just so delish!  Two friendly guys working there. Next time- 3pc cod:) and I want to try the macNcheese.
Best fish and chips ever, agree with other reviews, service is great.
Hubby and I stopped for a late lunch at Papa Joe's.  We both ordered the two piece catfish with three fried shrimp.  He got spicy, I did not.  He got fries, I got Mac n cheese.  The food was SO good and there was plenty of it.  The catfish was perfectly cooked, not too greasy, and seasoned to perfection.  All for under $20 ( which included drinks).

The service is very friendly and the place is clean.  We will DEFINITELY be back!!
Great place, kinda a hole in the wall. Got the fried catfish, came with a couple shrimp, and mac n cheese...all was very good.  They do things right here. You can tell when you walk in the door because they are selling plenty of seafood and they are frying most of their menu but you do not smell fish and you do not smell oil. I thought it was a bit pricey at first but definitely worth the money for what you get. Well done!
This place is a little hole in the wall. Very cute and quaint. Reasonably priced, I got the catfish and two shrimp combo came with a side I got fries and then I added a order of jalapeno hush puppies and a drink for 8.50. It was very yummy, I got the spicy and it just gave it a little extra taste. Would love to try more items. Well be back again. The gentleman at the counter who I believe was the owner was very pleasant.
This was my first trip here after having look around for good southern food. I'm a fried catfish fanatic and I came especially to try it out and it was some of the best I've eaten. I got the 3 piece catfish with 4 shrimp meal with fried okra. I opted for the spicy version and it was just the right amount of spice.. Not too hot but just enough to taste.  Lightly battered with cornmeal and amazingly good. The shrimp were good but nothing compared to the fish and okra.  Now for the okra..OMG..lightly battered with great mix of seasoning made this some of the best I've had. Portions are large..I had one piece of fish leftover. 

There is also a lot of BBQ dishes and countless other options and sides. The guy who took our order which I'm assuming would have been the owner was super friendly and very enthusiastic about food. Very reasonable prices with a casual atmosphere. 

A great little find and I will definitely visit here many times in the future.
Catfish and Okra are the stars of this show.

The fries, potato salad, and the chicken strips were run-of-the-mill.

But the catfish (I tried only the spicy) was OUT OF THIS WORLD DELICIOUS.

Okra breading was not thick at ALL, which allows you to taste not only the fried breading but also the taste of the okra itself, which is a rare combination.

I love this place, and if you enjoy spicy food and fried catfish, hit this spot - you won't be disappointed.
Came back again because I enjoyed it so much last time. I got the spicy catfish again because its so good but so many other things I want to try. I did try the sweet potato pie this time and loved it. Never had it before but love it more than pumpkin pie now. Can't beat the price of this place. Will be back hope I can pry myself into trying something else but not sure love that catfish and I'm not even a person who eats fish much.
I would definitely eat here again.  The owner, Papa Joe & his wife are very nice & friendly.  Papa Joe came out of the kitchen & chatted with the customers.  His wife makes the best peach cobbler I have had since living in Arizona.  Great atmosphere & eating environment.
Oh, yeah, this is the good stuff!! Best catfish in town!!
Pretty good place..alwyas clean and orderly. Always met with a smile and with courtesy. The first time i had the hot link sandwich, which was good but the sauce was more of a wing sauce that what i like on my hot link sandwiches. The second time i got the whole wing special, which was good, but i forgot to ask them to dip them in wing sauce.
Wanted to try southern food this week so I decided to make my way to Papa Joe's Fish N Que. Upon entering I noticed that the design of the restaurant was pretty neat. I had trouble finding out where the menu was at first, found it was posted near the door, which I thought was an odd choice. Finally settled with something simple. Catfish with fries and fried shrimp, spicy. Placed my order...waited...waited...waited. For only one other group of people it took about 20 minutes to finally get my food. For somewhere with an emphasis on lunch hours, it sure took awhile. Sat down and started on my meal. Catfish was buried under all my fries so I felt compelled to eat most of the fries first. Personally, I found them bland. It's possible that other people prefer fries this way, but I just found it tasteless. Went for the fried shrimp. Pretty good especially dipped in the cocktail sauce. Lastly, had the catfish which was good. Was juicy and cooked well. Fell apart on my fork which increased the difficulty in eating. Also, I noticed nothing spicy about the catfish. Bummer. I love seafood but I've had better, way better, but I'm guessing for the price it makes sense. 

All in all it was...ok. I was really underwhelmed especially after reading all the rave reviews. Of course I'm basing this off one item on menu but that's the experience I had. I just feel there is nothing at this particular place that is unique or above and beyond anywhere else with similar food and style. Not bad, but I probably wouldn't come back.
I first found my way into Papa Joe's June of 2012, and from the get go have been hooked (no pun intended, hehe) on the awesome cod fish and chips as well as the baby back rib plate. The food is southern comfort at its finest, and the owner, Papa Joe, is a friendly and welcoming man in every regards. He definitely takes pride in his business and cuisine, and the result is evident in the smiles on all of the faces he and his family serve. He made me feel at home from my first visit, and on any given Friday evening, I can find a wonderful meal and interesting down to earth conversation with either him, or one of his many friendly customers. Over all else (of which I have never had a bad or bland menu item of the many I have tried) I highly recommend the cod fish and chips basket with fries and a side of cole slaw, but the mac n cheese is awesome as well. The two piece meal comes with two good sized portions of lightly battered and fried fish, as well as three pieces of fried shrimp. The fish is not overly oily or greasy, which can easily happen with fried food. The fries are cooked lightly and not overdone, nor too salty, and just the perfect combination of crispy and fresh. For dessert, you will be steered toward the Pecan Pie which is a house speciality, but the Peach Cobbler with a side of BlueBell Ice Cream is to die for, yum! The food is worth taking a trip for alone, but the company beginning with the ownership on down is what keeps me coming back:-).
I'm new at writing reviews but I felt compelled to leave a compliment about this great little spot. Joe took our order, was very friendly an hospitable. I ordered the 2pc Spicy Catfish Combo, with Fried Okra and Jalapeo Hushpuppies. No extra charge for substituting fries for Okra(nice)!
Everything on my plate was delicious, I will be coming back. Highly recommend !!
First time visit. Interior is plain and old, but clean. Service is mediocre at best and it does take quite a while to get your food after ordering. I had the catfish and shrimp basket with mac n cheese. Food was fresh and hot. Not bad overall, but a little pricey for what you get. Doubt I will return.
Very friendly place on a casual Saturday noon. This place is clean and tidy. The order was ready in a reasonable time. 

The recommended catfish was wonderful in taste and texture. The spicy version is harmless. The beautiful 8" filet is covered in a crispy seasoned fish fry crust disguising the white tender juicy and flakey catfish. It had the qualities of freshly caught seafood. Without prior knowledge of jalapeo hushpuppies, they came as a fantastic discovery! 

The 5" cod had the same great seasonings but couldn't compete with the catfish in that juicy fresh taste. The oil used tasted clean and new. The cornbread was simple as cornbread could be. The quality butterfly shrimp is a great accompaniment. If you give the lemonade a chance, you may detect the cozy hint of honey. I will visit again.
This is THE spot in Phoenix for fried fish and shrimp. My two buddies and I each enjoyed orders of two catfish pieces that also came with three shrimp, drinks and one side. we got fried okra, sweet potato tots, collard greens and an extra order of jalapeo hush puppies. The cost was very affordable at about $28 total. It was fantastic! The fish pieces were actually fillets that appeared to be very fresh, lightly dusted with breading and lightly fried. We got the spicy with is more of just some added pepper but it's delicious. 

Comparing this to somewhere like Pete's Fish and Chips seems laughable as this is everything Pete's should be but isn't. The breading here is not overstated, everything seems fresh, it's delicious and you get a lot for around $8 per person. I'll definitely be back and I highly recommend Papa Joe's to everyone reading this review!
Our first visit won't be our last!  This place is GOOD!  Had catfish & white fish. which were excellent!  Definitely will return to try more! The Okra and coleslaw were equally as good! This place seemed to have lots of regular customers, which says a lot about a place.  :-)   We'll be regulars soon and we're bringing mom with us!
MAN LOOK!!!!! I'm from Milwaukee, WI where on every corner we have JJ's & Sharks.. Those are your only options for Fish & Chips.. But Joe's is off the charts! Great food and I love the down-home service.. Very reasonable! I would love for their slogan to be "Good eatin aint got no price on it!"
Now this is what 5-stars food is like. Its so so so good. I often get the 2 cat fish combo with shrimp and huskpuppies. Man. the white sauce, i think hoisomething...
Again not very healthy food but you know...you might die the next day so whatever.
Well if you're reading this you must care about what your dining on right? We just had the best fish in 35 years in the valley, tops Papadeaux's and all of the high-end Scottsdillian aquatic eateries and it's on 20th ave and Bethany Home !, been there for 5.5 years, Mom and Pop place,great pricing and service, but all the food ,cod ,catfish and the shrimp tasted like it was just caught and cooked up just for you to enjoy. Papa Joe's Fish-n Que 2019 W. Bethany Home Rd.602-973-7003
 If it's too far, or any other reason you wont go, your going to miss a real treat, Phoenix is  very lucky to have them here. The reviews I write seem to be well recieved ,I can be trusted to tell it like it is ,no holds barred, food is VERY important to me.
I cannot come out and say this any clearer or directly than I am about to: I love this place, and the man (Papa Joe) and his family who own and operate it. I have been frequenting Papa Joe's for over a year now and since moving to Phoenix in 2012. In that time, I have never had a bad meal, either quality or service wise...and only awesome experiences talking with Papa Joe, his lovely wife, and all of the customers who, like me, value awesome soul food and atmosphere alike. I am always assured of a smiling face, and someone (in Papa Joe) who values and appreciates me for more than just being a paying customer. Also, and this speaks more to Papa Joe as a person than a business owner/operator, this is the only place around where one can count on a heapin' helpin' of spiritual wisdom and comfort on top of their fish and chips or ribs. 

My staple meal is the 2 or 3 piece cod with french fries and cole slaw. Of course, the meal also comes with a drink and butterflied fried shrimp too. The portions are hearty and filling, and the food is always fresh and tasty. The oil they use to fry in is changed regularly, and results in fish and chips that are light and clean, and the fries especially are always fried to perfection. They also have a non-carbonated drink station now, including lemonade, grape and fruit punch drinks, which reminds me of the South and the original soul food movement in so many ways that my mouth waters and heart aches that I am not writing this from there with a cold drink in my hand! My favorite is taking the lemonade and grape drink in the cup together, and the entire meal compliments itself and my palate so wonderfully. 

I have also had the ribs, and other menu items, and love them all, but return for the fish and chips almost weekly or at least when my wallet can afford it. But more than anything else, I return to support Papa Joe, his family and business--because they all treat me and make me feel like one of their own time and again, without reserve or fail. 

I am not going to slight or judge any Yelpers who have left negative reviews of either the atmosphere or quality of food Papa Joe's serves... to each their own and everyone is entitled to their opinions, just as am I. However and as someone who has lived in and traveled to so many different states and countries outside of America even, and has sampled the cuisine in so many locales that I cannot even count--I believe Papa Joe's Fish and Que to be a cut above the rest when one is seeking the physical and spiritual comfort and satiation of a true soul food experience in the heart of the Valley of the Sun. 

My hope is that you will try them and feel the same... and become a member of the family with your first and every visit thereafter:-).
I'm a Seattlite (yes, that's really what we call ourselves) who has lived in Arizona for 12 years, searching for good fish and chips.  I finally found the place.  Papa Joe's catfish hit the mark: fresh, flaky, lightly breaded with a bit of spice in the mix, and perfectly cooked.  I'm sooo happy to have found this place.  It is definitely more of a southern type of joint than typical northwestern fish and chips with clam chowder and beer batter.  Papa Joe's instead offers a variety of comfort food sides including sweet potato tots, Mac and cheese, or fried okra. No chowder. They do have a full BBQ menu too, which we didn't try.  3 of us ate well for under $25.  We will definitely go back.
I was in the mood for seafood and my wife wanted to stay home and order in for herself so I was going to take the kids to dinner. I looked on Google maps for seafood near our address and found Papa Joe's.  When I started reading the menu to my wife she was ready to go out as well! It's not a seafood resaurant, more like comfort & soul food.  Catfish, chicken wings, cod, whitefish, pulled chicken, desserts, greens, cornbread, hamburgers, ribs, and more! We came in and felt like we stepped into someone's pride and joy.  Joe was smiling as was his wife.  His welcome was warm and hearty. We ordered a multitude of items and sat down in the back near the TV and watched the Eagles vs Redskins game while talking and enjoying the calm and relaxed feeling in the place.  It kind of felt like we were at a family member's house, that's how comfortable it was.  It was a nice feeling at a restaurant. Not too many places have that nowadays.  

We got our food and dug right in. Let me tell you, ALL of us thoroughly enjoyed everything! The catfish was perfect! The cornbread was not dry at all, it was delicious and moist! The macaroni is my 7 year old daughter's favorite and she is picky about it. Her favorite before Papa Joe's was the macaroni at Rainforest Cafe and Denny's. Not anymore!  Now it's Papa Joe's! My son said the Hot Wings were WAY better than the wings at Wing Street over at the Christown mall.  I had catfish as well with the shrimp. Superb! And we all had dessert, and my wife and I have never ever tasted better peach cobbler or pecan pie! Joe said his wife does most of the cooking and dang does she know how to cook! This place is a hidden gem in Phoenix and it is now one of our favorite places to eat!
Delicious fish, fried okra is perfect.  Very friendly and fast service.
Some of the Best tasting Catfish that I've eaten out here in PHX. Reminds of what I used to get back home in East Texas. Turns out that most of Papa Joe's family are from Texas and they brought back those great tasting flavors to AZ. Nice!

Love their simple menu of tasty treats. Catfish, Cod, and Whiting are all available in both regular or spicy. They have Shrimp, Hot Wings, Chicken Strips, BBQ Brisket, BBQ Pork, Ribs, Hot Links as well as Burgers and then some. The choices of sides are also a bonus and include items like Collard Greens, fried Okra, Potato Salad, Cole Slaw, Jalapeno Hush Puppies, Mac & Cheese, Onion Rings, Sweet Potato Tater Tots, Beans ... too many to list them all.

Normally get the 3 pc Spicy Catfish with 4 Shrimp and a side of whatever with a giant Grape Drink. Boy that brings back the memories. My wife usually gets the Cod and Shrimp Basket with a side. I have not tried the BBQ yet but definitely have it on my radar for next time.

Papa Joe and his crew are extremely friendly and most helpful. Everything is very good and you can tell they put a lot of Love and Soul into their food. Don't forget a little Granny Ann's Sweet Potato Pie, Peach Cobbler, Cheese Cake, or Pecan Pie to finish off your meal.

Give Papa Joe a shout out and you will be pleased. Located in a small strip shop on the south side of Bethany and not in the hospital across street like the Yelp map suggest. TOUCHDOWN!

5 STARS
What - you want fried fish - COME HERE!!!  Cannot tell you how friggen good this fish is. Their menu has different kinds of you can choose from like whiting, cod, catfish and each order comes with 2 fried shrimp.  The fried is lightly breaded & crispy fried - not heavy drowned in batter fried. Food is reasonably priced and the folks there are super nice.  Support the locals and visit if you are in the mood for fried fish or even wings cause they got them too!!  Much love to Papa Joe's!
My first time here... looks like a real "dive" Smells of fried fish! Packed for lunch with locals. Ordered pulled Pork Sandwich with 2 sides (Fried Okra & Jalapeno Hushpuppies) & drink of your choice... Total $6.97! The Cashier calls out your number... there are no waiters etc.  the food was delicious!
First visit. I ordered the cod and shrimp basket with fries. It came with two pieces of cod and three shrimp. Just over nine dollars without a drink. Food was made fresh, about a ten minute wait. Fish was moist and flaky, batter was perfect, crispy, little bite of black pepper, and not too oily. Only thing missing was a cold, English ale. Worth stopping in.
Spicy Catfish was good. I tried the fried okra and although it wasn't bad I won't be going for that side again. Just not my thing. Staff was a bit distant but that may be due to just finishing the lunch rush. It's hard to find good catfish in Phoenix so I will be giving Papa Joe's another shot.
Wow, I totally would not have come here if it weren't for Yelp. My dentist is right across the street and my appt. ended right around dinner time so we decided to come here. 

My fiance got the wings and onion rings, I got the catfish with shrimp and fried okra, and we got a peach cobbler and sweet potato pie to go. Everything was good, and not too heavy or greasy. I wasn't a fan of the peach cobbler, I wonder if they used canned peaches bc something didn't taste right, can't pin point what. Sweet potato pie was good though! 

Owner is friendly, lot of locals seem to frequent this place and it looks like he is on a first name basis with them; always a good sign.

Can't wait to return and try more items off their menu!
The best soul food restaurant Phoenix has to offer. The staff here is just awesome I had the spicy catfish and BBQ ribs dinner.
I really wasn't in the mood for some fast food so we quickly Yelped a fish place this restaurant came up nice little establishment I ordered the cod spicy with some shrimp took a few minutes as they prepped it fresh was nice and hot, tasted pretty damn good along w a splash of lemon , unlimited drinks at the soda fountain, I will com back to try the catfish n whiting fish next time
I've come  to notice that the places with the best god are the little hole in the wall spots. My biz partner and I lucked up when we yelped this place to eat before we hit the road for a 6 hr trip. As soon as we walked in a older, heavy set African American man was sitting behind the counter. He appeared to be chewing something in his mouth and had that cliche southern style look. I loved it, we ordered the catfish and cod with fried shrimp on side. I must say they were delicious. Good service with good food always speaks volumes in my book.  I'm not sure if the fried fish cooked by African American people was so good because they're great cold or because I'm biased because it's Black history month. Never the less, two thumbs up.
Called for five minutes to place a take-out order they would not pick up the phone that's lousy service
4.5 Stars

OK boys and girls, for this one you'll be jumping in a time machine with me.  Destination...the ending of the year 1998.  Reason...I have the song "Pretty Fly for a White guy" from The Offspring playing and helping out with this review.  The hook of the song goes like this:

Give it to me baby...Uh-huh...Uh-huh!

Give it to me baby...Uh-huh...Uh-huh!

Give it to me baby...Uh-huh...Uh-huh!

And all the girl say Papa Joe's fly for a fish guy!

Now repeat this hook three or four times and thank me later for burning this song in your brain!  It may be a new song for you(look it up) or one that has been forgotten and put on the front burner again.  After placing my order and waiting for my fish I hear this hook. 

Give it to me baby...Uh-huh...Uh-huh!

Give it to me baby...Uh-huh...Uh-huh!

Give it to me baby...Uh-huh...Uh-huh!

And all the girl say Papa Joe's fly for a fish guy!

Papa Joe's Fish-N-Que has one of those qualities that is warm and instantaneously makes you feel comfortable when dining in.  There is nothing fancy about Papa Joe's but it's not suppose to be that.  The only thing that comes to mind is that this place is like going to a family member/really good friend's home that you can relate to.  I'll get to the food soon.  The second greatest thing here behind the food is the "bang for your buck", you will certainly get a good value for what you will pay for.  Most everything comes as a combo which has a side/sides and drink.  

Papa Joe's is located in a very tight strip mall and depending on your timing, parking can be tough.  Inside you will mainly find booths and a few high tables.  Not ideal for large parties.  You will find one small TV in the booth located in the rear right corner as you walk in.  You place your order and sit down.  Ordering happens to the left when you walk in.  Drinks are self serve, in the right center of the place.  Fountain soda station, brewed iced tea and three different Koolaid dispensers.  

Onto the food!  I am only going to touch on a few items that my family and I have experienced.  Fish!!!  They have Catfish, Whiting and Cod which are all prepared regular or spicy.  The spicy cod is my favorite hands down.  These are the sides we have tried, many more available.  Fried okra, jalapeo hushpuppies, fries and sweet potato tater tots.  The jalapeo hushpuppies are out of this world.  The hot wings are a very good value too!  Good flavor but not the best quality of chicken, at least for the one time I had them.  The quality of the wings are not bad just have had better, but not even close to Papa Joe's price!   

They have burgers, various BBQ sandwiches, chicken strips, ribs, kids meals and fish sandwiches.  All that I have not tried yet, but each trip I will be trying new things.  The desserts look good but never have room after my meal.
If your looking for some good tasting fried catfish come to this place. I had the catfish and shrimp basket.  The portion size of the catfish was big sized.  I also had the peach cobbler to go, it was tasty. I'm most definitely going back and trying other things.
Fresh fish and great prices. Had the catfish and onion rings, both amazing.

The service was quick and you can tell it is a family owned restaurant, very polite.
I had the catfish and okra it was cooked to perfection light crisp batter, My wife had the cod and french fries it was also cooked perfect not greasy and not a heavy batter we had the two piece fish which also came with 3 shrimp 
we will be back
My husband and I just had their cod fish and chips with shrimp and it was easily the best we've ever had. The owners were very friendly and still served us even though it was after 7:30 pm and they close at 8. We will make the 45 minute drive every time we want fish and chips for as long as we live in AZ.
A few people had been telling me about this place for a while and had been wanting to try it. Happened to be in the area with my family and had to see what it do. 

Ordered the 2 piece catfish with shrimp for my wife, 3 piece ribs for myself and a 2 piece ribs for my kids. The catfish was perfectly seasoned. I'm normally skeptical about ordering ribs anywhere I go due to the lack of meat on the bones. Wasn't disappointed there. And they were cooked to perfection. Very juicy and the meat came off the bone with ease. Portions weren't bad as well. I could've eaten more but I'm a big dude at 6'9". 

The sides we chose were cornbread, greens, potato salad and Mac n cheese. I went on a limb and tried the greens n Mac n cheese because I heard they were good but...I like mine better lol. 

Definitely a place I'll revisit again but for different sides.

Enjoy!!
All the reviews you read and see are pretty much spot on. I've been doing a tour of local fried fish spots here in town and there was no point in trying anywhere else when I ate at Papa Joe's. The fish is perfectly cooked and seasoned. The prices are great. The sides are incredible (especially the fried okra). I've only had the bbq pulled pork sandwhich but the bbq is very solid as well. Go to Joe's, the best fried fish spot in Phx.
Food was great,and it's a clean environment. The smooth jazz and classic funk helps digest the food,I think? All in all a great experience
The folks who run this place are really sweet! I tried the fried shrimp and mac and cheese first visit. Shrimp was crunchy and just spicy enough. Mac and cheese was yummy gooey and creamy. I could see the real cheddar in there!

Second trip I tried the brisket sandwich, fried okra, and cornbread. Very generous pile of tender brisket was great, but I am not a huge fan of the vinegary bbq sauce. Just a personal preference, but I prefer it sweeter. Fans of the sassy vinegar bbq will probably love it. I love that the fried okra was a bit spicy; nice touch. Next time I will request it extra crispy. The bits that were a bit burned tasted heavenly. Cornbread was perfectly sweet, fluffy, moist and corny.

Washed down with their delicious lemonade. I will definitely be back to sample other menu items. I love that its a mom and pop as I like to support local businesses especially when they go out of their way to make you feel welcome!
They put the sole in soul food!
Walk in and ask
"What should I order?" 
It's one of those places where if you follow directions you just can't go wrong. Undeniably damn good food! Had the hot fish with butterfly shrimp and a side of potato salad just like the man recommended and was plain ole floored.
Thanks to Yelpers, I found a great place again. I was just driving through Phoenix on a long trip form Texas to California and I needed a place to get dinner after 9 hours of driving. I had a hankering for BBQ. When I saw that they had fish and BBQ, it peaked my interest. After a 6 mile drive from the hotel, I found the location and it looked nice from the outside. The construction on the street almost made me merge to the left which would be the wrong side.

Anyhow, as I walked in and saw the ordering counter on the left, I was greeted (by Joe?) and asked what I wanted. I wanted to try the Spicy cod and I wanted ribs. He recommended the Fish and Shrimp plate and I could get ribs for $2 each. So that's what I did. He asked if I wanted fries and I asked what he would recommend. He said the okra. Okra it is!

As I waited, I noticed the inside was cozy and kept nice and clean. There's a drink bar where you can get anything you want and the food prep happened right across the room. While trying to move into a position to see the TV better, I spilled my tea. Joe was more than gracious and came over to clean it up with out incident. I tried the tea and the lemonade. I like it when a BBQ place lets you get all the drink you want. That's the way it should be!

When my food came, I wasn't disappointed. There were 2 pieces of cod, 3 shrimp and okra. There was also some cocktail sauce and 3 packets of tartar. As for the ribs, they were nice and big, probably 7-8 inches each. They were covered in a delicious sauce. Both had some spicy pickled peppers as well. 

The Fish was nice and thick at about 1 inch! It was cooked very well and the batter was light. I ordered the spicy, but it wasn't too spicy for me. That was fixed with some hot sauce. The shrimp were good, about average. The okra was seasoned very well. I didn't need to dip it in anything. The ribs were delicious. Nice and meaty and a good smoky taste. I really liked the sauce as well. It had a great mix of spicy sweet and accented the ribs quite well. 

So the entire bill was about $15.00. Recall I ordered a combination and the extra ribs. It's not a bad deal at all considering the amount and quality if the food and the fact that it also included a drink. I can highly recommend this place. Yum.
Papa Joe's is my absolute favorite fish place in Phoenix.  The food is incredible!!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a bit of a touristy thing to do, but one of the things on my "to do" list for Edinburgh was to get........a deep-fried Mars bar.  We asked a few locals, and got blank stares, but we finally found someone who was willing to point us the way (under his breath).  

Cafe Piccante is where we went (was also surprised to see it featured in the Scotland episode of the drinking show Three Sheets!). 

Walked up to it and it looked like your basic small fish and chip place, but upon further inspection, there it was, a big poster touting:  "Get Your Deep-Fried Mars Bar Here!"

So we walked in from the rain and ordered.   My sister opted for hers a la mode. They were steaming hot--so, my sister had the right idea. It was a sugar-ultra-high!!! The consistency was fairly rigid due to the deep-fry, but the Mars bar was definitely mushy & melted inside. Tasted like a donut & a chocolate bar. You could clearly determine that what you were eating was BAD for you! My sister's b-friend said he ended up getting a head ache, and his teeth started hurting--his teeth!!

All in all it was an experience.  I think a la mode is the way to go, because the creaminess of the ice cream sort of helps cushion the sugar blow which smacks you upside your head.

Oh, and I don't think you're limited to Mars bars here.  You can try other forms of candy.  I'm sure you could also have them deep fry a pizza, hot dog, haggis (of course), hamburger, salad---you name it (deep-frying is big in Scotland!).
Right, so, I only came here as a tourist, and I was only attracted, to be honest, because of the prominently displayed sign advertising their deep-fried Mars bars, but this is a very good chippy, and I'd recommend it, for whatever that's worth. The fish is good, the chips are good, and the Mars bars are slightly gross, but I take it that this is normal. Good show.

And also they gave me a free pen.
Cafe Piccante is conveniently situated near my old flat. This meant there was many a night out where we stumbled in here on the way home for some good old fashioned munch.

Serving your usual chip shop menu, it hits the right spot. They advertise the "Deep Fried Mars Bar" outside, I guess to attract tourists who have heard of this great Scottish culinary delight.  I have never sampled a deep fried mars bar, but I can only imagine the taste. 

In Cafe Piccante the staff are friendly and on weekends they have a DJ spinning some tunes. Yes that's right, a DJ. There were a few times I have visited here and been perhaps a little inebriated, and found myself very confused over the DJ in a chip chop. The staff are fun and friendly too. Probably the best chippy to go to in the city center.
Whoever came up with the concept for Cafe Piccante is a bona fide genius: take one chippy, keep it open until 3am (or later if you're lucky enough to stay for a lock-in), add a DJ playing loud dance tunes and a strobe light, and voila the rave chippy is born! As one of my friends once said, "it's like a club, but better because it's got chips!".

The food here is not as good as the food at Rapido (a few minutes down the road), but at 3am when you've been drinking for a good few hours, pretty much any fried rubbish is going to taste heavenly.
If you're visiting the city put this place down on your things to do list, Cafe Piccante is an essential part of any night out in Edinburgh!
Aside from being an all round excellent fish and chip shop. Cafe Piccante provides a DJ, slaps a Bacardi Breezer in your hand and orders you to keep on dancing. 

There's simply no excuse to stop boogying, even if you chunder all that greasy grub back up again from body popping in its strobe lit interior.

A truly unique chippy ready and waiting for you to continue into the early hours of the morning. Cheap too.
I've been to Cafe Piccante several times and never been aware that they have a DJ playing! If they do, it's a pretty cool idea to keep the clubbers clubbing even during their pre-home munch.  The food which this place produces is amazing.  Their fried suppers are delicious as the batter which they use is light, crispy and thin.  I came here after Movida once and had probably the best sausage supper I've ever had.  The portion was sufficient for warding off the hangover, the sausage was pretty decent quality and the chips were fluffy and strangely non-greasy.
This is one of my favourite post-club chippies and it also serves deep-fried Mars bars which will undoubtedly be incredible given the quality of their batter.  Cafe Piccante gives great quality food at standard prices.  It also has a speedy delivery service making it indispensable for lazy evening meals.
Two quotes I will always associate with this place - "Deep Fried Haggis" and "DOUBLE HAGGIS". Explanation provided below.

After going to Urban Angel, and exploring Edinburgh more, my friends and I decided to head here for dinner because it was close to Melody's flat, and it had tequila chips advertised on the window. I wanted that, but since I wasn't very hungry, I ended up sharing curry fish & chips with Mel - and those were absolutely delicious. The curry wasn't very spicy, which suited me well - I can't handle anything hot at all, I just die. But our friend Billy, ended up having haggis again - thus the "Double Haggis". Plus, it was DEEP FRIED HAGGIS. Anything deep fried just can't be bad. So while Billy enjoyed his meal with gusto, Mel and I watched on horrified* as he ate more "sheep's pluck", just deep fried. At least he enjoyed it! Definitely a fun place - it just lost one star because there weren't many places to sit.

*horrified may be a bit exaggerated. It was more of an awestruck look. We really just kept going "Billy, I can't believe you're eating DOUBLE HAGGIS!"
How to get that 'essence de kebab' smell in your car. Firstly you have to go into this fantastic chip shop that sells EVERYTHING. ( and I mean everything, all the usual foods and beer and wine and spirits ).

I bought a chicken kebab with garlic sauce. There's this new thing out where they have a big stack chicken breast on a big pole and they slice it off just like the doner kebab. The meat is delicious and you get loads of it, even though I only ordered a small one. 

Anyway, I got into my car and had a few forkfuls of it before starting the engine. I place the polystyrene container on my dashboard and slowly started making my way through Edinburgh on my way home. To go west you first have to go east and around the roundabout at the Omni Centre. Well, half way around the roundabout the kebab slid right across the dashboard and emptied itself in the passenger footwell. What a bummer!

I had the taste in my mouth now so I had to go back and buy another one. The chippy has loads of food all ready for buying and there are plenty of staff members to keep the queue to a minimum. There are a few tables for customers who don't want to go home yet, and have another drink with their food. 

I headed home and decided to have a mouthful of kebab everytime I came to a red light. Well, it was as if I was in a royal motorcade because all I got were green lights all the way out. I just couldn't wait to have some more so had to stop at the side of the road.

This is the best chippy I've ever come across in my life. I will be back next time I'm in the east of Edinburgh.
Deep fried mars bar that was surprisingly good. As if someone had intentionally crafted it from culinary skill, not as a novelty.
Great big fried fish, very tasty. Chips were ok, nothing special. But for 6.50, quite decent value all in!
The London Insider

http://www.london-insider.co.uk
I really think this fast food outlet is overrated. There may be late night DJs and it is very convenient for a post gay bar guzzle, but its not the only place in the area and its certainly not the best.

While living on Broughton Street, I went several times. Each time there was the same problem, sorry it wasn't a problem it was a massive calamity, the chips were awful. They were undercooked and limp with no crispiness at all. 

The whole music and t-shirts club thing is really just a front to hide quite poor food.
Was new in town and wanted to try Deep Fried Mars Bars, popped it on Google and this was what I found. 

My expectations of it wasn't great but when I approached this small hidden cafe, the aroma of all things fried and tasty seduced me.

I wasn't at all disappointed, I loved their kebab, the deep friend mars bar with ice cream and even the jumbo sausages. It was great. I will definitely visit again!

The place isn't really big but it had a nice fun atmosphere to it. The staff are friendly as well.
A.K.A. 'The disco chippy'.  

This place is definitely unique and the coolest chip shop in Edinburgh!  With a live DJ playing the decks on Friday and Saturday nights this place is happening!  It is also open very late and has an alcohol license so you can sit and enjoy a beer with your fish supper whilst listening to the funky beats.  

The best thing about this place other than the shiny disco ball?  They sell deep fried chocolate?!?!?!  Now wait, don't diss it until you've tried it because believe me it is tasty!!!  Great fun for tourists and I think it should be a law for all Scots to have at least tried one.
Well, not the best this time!

My fianc usually loves a bit of piccante, but we were both a little disappointed last night. Chips were crispy, burger was dry and pizza was overcooked! :(

It's probably the 1st time it's happened. We would give piccante a 1 star if we had never tried I before so will let them off as there food is usually pretty good.

I suppose it's just a one off! Hopefully!

:)
hihi, went for the deep fried marsbar, and I've got to say, it was pretty darn good :) Did have to wait quite some time for my order to come out though!
Piccante (or The Disco Chippy as some still refer to it) is an Edinburgh institution. The food's no better or worse than the bulk of other fish & chip/pizza shops in the city but the general atmosphere's what makes it special. Hard to avoid that old salt & sauce / salt and vinegar chestnut though if you get chatting to Scots from outside the city.
Overall:  2.5 stars

Nice, friendly staff.

Over-cooked burger.  Odd chicken doner kebab:  no tomato or onion on top of the rotisserie to drip juices on meat; no tatziki or Turkish yoghurt sauce.  I'd recommend skipping the hot sauce, which drowns out the flavor of the chicken.

Large portions.

I almost dropped the rating to 2 stars, because they use styrofoam containers for everything, even if you eat there.  Come on, guys; at least use something recyclable.
Since I was in Scotland, I figured that I should go to a proper chippy and try a deep fried Mars Bar for myself. This one happened to be just down the street from where I was staying, so I naturally had to come by here.

Place looks like a typical greasy spoon. The cooks and the counter people were all friendly. I ordered a veggie burger for myself, which came out quickly and was pretty good. I then got my Mars Bar to go, but not before the counter person slathered caramel sauce all over it. The Mars Bar was actually pretty good and not nearly as horrible as I thought it was going to be. I was expecting an explosion of grease and chocolate in my mouth, but it had cooled down (the concoction was taken from a display case on the counter) and I was actually able to enjoy it. Not bad.

Overall: 2.5 stars, rounded up to 3 stars. I think this place is open until midnight also.
God dammit JR's Fish and Chips.  God dammit.  I was so excited when I saw the old Jack in the Crack at 35th and Peoria being converted into the Fish and Chips Joint.  

For the record I am a huge Pete's fan.

I dropped in Friday night.  I ordered shrimp and fries and hush puppies.  Their system of walk up order then get in a second line was confusing people.  Add into that mix the woman actually running the register and handling the cash was probably tweaking her balls off.  Or she was an ex tweaker that forgot how to act normal or she was just nuts.

She was openly talking shit to the guy ordering in front of me when he had something to say about her register skills.  Any way surreal experience to say the least.

Down to the food.  Oh I ate that greasy ass shit.  I ate the fuck out of it.  But it was all pre-packaged frozen shrimp and fries and the same for the hush puppies, over cooked balls of hard crust.

So shame on you JR's.  The place had some people in it too.  I wont be back unless the start advertising fresh seafood.
Seriously, JR's fish and chips? Try JR's Fish Sticks and Fries.  You are better off saving some money and going to the Fry's across the street and buying frozen pre-battered fish, and frozen fries.
I've tried JR's twice now, and they seem to have stepped up their game a little bit since my first try.
The previous visit must've been around the time of the first two reviews, because neither the service and food was all that great at that time.

I'm not a fish person, but the other two diners were, so a recent trip to give JR's a chance at redemption was in order.

There were three college-ish aged dudes in various states of cooking and cleaning when I arrived, and I was greeted quickly with a genuine friendliness.

A couple of general questions about the menu were answered and an order was placed and then they went to work.  It took a while for the food to finish, but it was all freshly cooked, and they were busy rushing to and fro the whole time - no goofing around back there.

All of the fried foods were exactly were they should be on the delicate Crispy-Greasy Spectrum.   Crispy on the outside, hot with a little chewyness on the inside, fully and evenly cooked.  Even the fries.
The hush puppies were also fried up well, but a little too salty.

I got the 1/4 lb burger, which was juicy enough for a frozen patty, with fresh veggies on top, and quite tasty.  A bargain with a huge plate full of fries for 3.69.

They have chicken sandwhiches, teryaki bowls, catfish, cod, mahi mahi, beerbattered cod, shrimp, burgers, chicken strips, corndogs, burros, and who knows what else.  Maybe too much choice, as they are expert in none of them.  Everything seems to be from frozen, and most of the food is cooked in a deep fryer.  Seeing that you can get entree and fries combos for between 3.50-8 bucks, I wouldn't expect them to fly in fresh catch of the day product.

So the food is going from a freezer to a fryer, so what?  
As long as the preparation and service are at the level I recently experienced, then JR's is a nifty indie fast food place worth a visit when you're going to go someplace like that anyways, but are tired of the same old thing.
I finally made it over to Jr's. 

I had 3 piece cod with frys, the kids had a burger and the fish and shrimp combo. Everything was made correctly and tasted excellent. 

The fish was not greasy, the frys did not taste fishy, the burger was perfect for the kid. The tarter sauce was good too. 

I will be back to try some more things. 

Only downfall was they were out of lemons and had one bottle of malt vinegar to share in the whole place. Oh and they charge for credit or debit purchases.
closed
I should in fairness say that I've no real business rating a chippie in Scotland. I'm from the U.S. and haven't had decades of greasy chips in sodden newsprint to develop my palette to this particular delicacy. But within my narrow experience, these guys excel. I can also report that  everyone I know who knows this place (most of them Scottish or English) agrees. This chip shop is the business.

What makes them different? For one thing, they don't serve deep-fried burgers, pizza, kebabs or mars bars. They do fish...and chips (well, they do some bizarre sausage-y thing, but that's Scotland for you). Second, unlike lots of chippies, they don't just set up rows of fish half cooked, and then finish them off as you come in the door. Everything is cooked to order. The chips are hot and properly crisped. The batter is light and the fish not swimming in grease. They also offer an excellent range: haddock and mackerel as usual, but also less standard variations as "specials", such as skate and monkfish.

A trivia detail: there is a famous (almost legendary) chippie up in Anstruther, winner of many awards. I've been there and it's good, but no better than the Tailend. And guess who used to run the Anstruther chippie and won all the awards? The guy who now runs the Tailend. 'Nuff said.
The Tailend won the award for Scotland's best fsh and chips in 2008 and, after tasting their haddock and chips earlier this year, I certainly understand why.  The meal was literally faultless; the portion size was filling, the batter was crispy and hardly even greasy, the fish was clearly of the best quality and the chips were fluffy and crisp.  The main reason for the exceptional quality of their food is that each portion which they serve is cooked to order.  Therefore, your meal hasn't been hanging around in grease for hours on end before it even reaches you.  
Their haddoock or sole with chips costs 5.50 which is perfectly reasonably, considering its quality.  It also serves a traditional fish tea around dinner time which looked truly amazing.  If you like fish, or food in general for that matter, this is the place for you.
If only someone would invent fish and chips that wasn't so ridiculously fattening or artery-clogging, the world would be a much better place.

Until then, this is about as close as you're going to get to the perfect battered haddock and chips north of the border. I only gave it 4 stars because I'm probably the most impatient person in the world, and it did take a while for my order to be ready. But, this is because they were frying it there and then, even the chips, rather than in some places where the stuff sits and sweats in those greasy plastic warming trays.

Staying true to my Geordie roots, I have to say that nobody does fish and chips better than the places dotted along the Tyne Fish Quay back home, but for the meantime whilst I'm living in Edinburgh I'll happily use this place as a stand-in alternative.
Not a lot to say that hasn't already been said.  Fish here is great, chips are fantastic, the service is friendly and (believe it or not) it doesn't feel like you've bathed in grease when you finish that last crispy, salty bite.  Yes, there's a bit of a wait, but my carton of fresh fried fantasy food was more than worth the time.  The Tailend seems to have found the perfect balance between flavor and texture.  My favorite chippie in Edinburgh thus far...
I'd say 10 out of 10, but this is Yelp, so they'll get a well deserved 5. I'd asked a foodie friend who had the best fish and chips and without hesitation he told me the tailend. Since this is one thing that I've not found to be so great in LA, and I am in the UK i figured i should try it out. And I'm glad I did. The place had good light and was cheery. Half the place was a carry out joint, the other half was a sit down restaurant. I got there at 4:25 just in time for the end of the set lunch menu. I opted for the shrimp cocktail, and pensioner's fish and chips (that is one piece of fried fish, not two...and it's just enough.) 
As everyone else has mentioned the fish is perfect, the chips are perfect and the service is great. One thing that the others have not mentioned is that the tarter sauce is GREAT! and they give you enough for your fish and your chips. They also give you a nice "chippe sauce"; vinegar and brown sauce. 
If there is one slight area for improvement it would be the peas, but I suppose if they messed with the peas and made them more interesting all their customers who have fond memories of mushy peas would revolt. 
All in all it's a GREAT place and well worth the visit on your next trip to that part of town.
Without doubt the best fish 'n' chips in Edinburgh. 

In all honesty I must have been to Tailend 20 times over the past year and I have never so much as once been given an excuse to give it anything other than top marks. 

Whether it's grilled, battered or breaded fish, it's always perfectly cooked and flavour packed...something most chippy's cannot match unfortunately. If you're not a fish lover, they have plenty of other options and also do great kids offerings of fish, chicken, etc.

If you love a good FnC and have struggled to find one, look no further.
I really like this place (or should that be plaice?) The fish was juicy, fresh and the batter light. We cycled to catch our fish and chips so that we would not feel just so bad when eating them, and the assistant wrapped them beautifully for us so that they would not get cold on the way home. The wrapping itself was a work of art in itself. 

Going back soon to try the restaurant where we can sit in....
I was told by countless people that The Tailend has the best fish & chips in Edinburgh, so i decided to investigate.
I'm happy to say that the praise is justified. The food is absolutely delicious, certainly the best fish & chips I've had i a long long time.
I had a large Haddock Supper with Curry sauce. the haddock was perfectly cook, nice and crispy and soft inside. the chips were very good and the curry sauce was went with it all perfectly.


 All in all, a good place for very good fish & chips.
At The Tailend Restaurant and Fish Bar in Edinburgh, the fish and chips aren't fried in just any old oil. No sir, they are fried in pure lard. Oh baby, now that's what I'm talking about when I say that anything worth doing is worth doing well. If you're gonna fry something, why not fry it in cow fat? Go hard or go home.

The result? Exceedingly crisp fish and chips that are probably some of the most well-fried specimens I have ever come across. The fish was cut a little too thin for my liking, but this was more than compensated for by the impressively crisp outer shell. And these chips were probably some of the best I have ever eaten. So. Freaking. Good. Topped with "sauce," which is essentially a vinegary brown sauce, the portion was fried to order, and I took my 6 meal to a nearby street corner, where I inhaled the meal while passing pedestrians stared at me funnily, not that I cared.

Compared to the fish and chips from some of the other places that I had gone to, The Tailend stacks up pretty favorably. While the portion was smaller than the other meals, the amazing crust that developed from frying in lard put these fish and chips over the top. After sampling fish and chips from some of the best shops in the UK, I have a completely new set of standards for fish and chips which probably cannot be reached by restaurants in the US. If something is worth doing, it's worth doing well, and The Tailend Restaurant and Fish Bar has certainly taken this sentiment to heart.
Seems like my review will be the contentious one. I'll put my hand up now and admit, I hadn't realised that the fried food was in animal fat until Jenny L came to my rescue, so my original order was consigned to the bin and I was left with grilled haddock with a tomato pesto crust and a replacement side salad. It was laughable. Replace crust with tomato pesto slapped on top of fish and that is more like it. Admittedly, the haddock was cooked very well, otherwise this would be a one star review. 

The boy was equally disappointed in his meal (greasy) and the service (overenthusiastic waitresses trying to take his plate away while he was still eating, making it clear that it was time for us to leave). Some orders seemed to be confused although overall, it wasn't too big a concern, but rather confusing when the bill arrived. There seemed to be a disproportionate number of bowls of chips (sharing, rather than individual portions) across our large party as well, leaving our side begging others for more. 

The side salad that I was given in replacement of chips was (drum roll): 2 slices of tomato, a pinch of salad leaves and some sliced onion. This is a salad that rabbits would turn Watership Down over, and I don't mean the good rabbits. All of this cost me 12 quid, as my original order wasn't taken off the bill. That's one expensive fillet of haddock with salad garnish. Will I come back? Frankly, no. There are equal and better fish and chip restaurants where you get a fresh order and don't pay double the price, nor exclude the minority in doing so. I guess it's a reminder that when you talk about gourmet fish and chips, it really is in the eye of the beholder to make that judgement. I left almost as hungry as I came, and won't repeat the experience again.
The chips. Oh the chips. Crispy, crunchy, perfectly cooked but with a flavour I hadn't tasted since I was a wee lass getting a poke o' chips with my grandparents in their wee Scottish village. I forgot chips could have a flavour like this at all.

And that's because everything here, including the batter, is fried in animal fat.

I was aware of this before we came, so purposely ordered the grilled fish rather than battered as I knew I'd pay for my sins after. And I had planned on only eating one or two chips. But with the massive bowl in front of me I did pick away and the flavour was just...dreamy.

However, for the vegetarian members of our large party of 13 it wasn't as enjoyable. It was only when I tried the first chip that I remembered they were cooked in fat, the moment I could taste it, and it was just at that  moment that Catriona C's fried dish arrived. Being a pesci but absolute no-no meat eater otherwise she couldn't have anything that had been fried. So had to forgo the chips and reorder a grilled piece of meat. 

The fact they cook things in animal fat isn't explicitly stated anywhere obvious. I think it's a reason a lot of people rave about their food, and the chips were sooooo good. But for veggies it really would be good to have a notice at least. 

And I do agree with Catriona that the grilled fish offerings were nice but not quite the same as a fried fish supper. I went with cod, and whilst it was a very ample serving and was completely cooked, it came a little cold and not quite grilled as high as I'd like. The red pepper sauce to go with it was really nice (a side order). The salad was quite measly though. So my idea of eating grilled fish and salad as a healthy meal left me still hungry, hence picking on the chips.

It is a traditional Scottish fish and chip shop, and a good quality and higher standard one. If you're visiting Scotland and want to experience 'real Scottish food' and want fish and chips, I'd highly recommend The Tailend over the many, many, many others you'll stumble across on the main streets where they deep-fry burgers, pizzas and mars bars.

But for a dine in meal I have to say it wasn't what I would normally choose and I was a little bit underwhelmed. The great company of other yelpers, chat, and the chips did leave me feeling satisfied but my fish was quite forgettable and I thought it would taste more...just more.

If I wanted fish n' chips, which is very rare, but If I did I would probably come here. But if I wanted dine-in fish restaurant I wouldn't.

Also, veggies be warned!
I spent my honeymoon in Edinburgh. We met some local Yelpers for a nice dinner at a chippie on our first night there.

When we arrived, they had a table waiting for all 15 of us. The inside was uncomfortably warm and the place is tiny, so there was no real room to breathe.

I ordered the tradtional fish special, battered and the hubby ordered the Fraserbugh langoustines. There was a little bit of confusion when the food arrived--not enough bowls of chips for the number of fish orders. Everything was cleared up and the waitress made sure we had everything we needed.

The fish was just perfect and I discovered brown sauce--yum! My side of mushy peas was an unusual side for an American and the chips were pretty good. Overall, it was a lovely time and I nice introduction to Edinburgh.
Finally made the trip here last Sunday evening and other than the waitress seeming to be confused as to what a lager was I've no complaints really, just want to go back a second time before raising the stars to 4. The service was good up till the usual point of actually wanting to pay and leave (waitresses had retreated behind the cash desk but you need to pass it on the way out so no drama in paying as you go) and the starters very tasty (good sized portion of whitebait for my companion & excellent salmon with horseradish & oatcakes for myself. A 4th oatcake would have been handy though). We opted for the fish platter for 2 + side of chips and were unable to finish either. The haddock, scallops etc. on the platter were all well cooked (the goujons were particularly tasty) and the chips were just the right side of greasy & a sizeable amount. That 4th star is unlikely to be far away.
Best fish and chips I've ever had as well.  The last bite was as crispy as the first bite, and the chips were heavenly.  Small nuggets of crunchy potato bliss, soft and steamy on the inside.  The staff were friendly, and the service as leisurely but attentive.  I'm not sure I'll find better in Edinburgh.  Vegetarians be warned: they fry in lard.  If you're a vegetarian this isn't for you, but then neither is bacon, so I don't know what to tell you.
Great food and service. Was there for the lunch service which was a great value. I highly recommend.
I am not a Fish & Chips foodie, but I can tell you that after a week of traveling around the UK and eating pretty subpar food, the meal I had a Tailend was fab!

I ordered the daily lunch special which was fish & chips with Hake as the fish. It was hot, fresh, tender, crispy and quite enjoyable. The staff is also pleasant and the restaurant is very clean. Much better than anything I ate in London that wasn't a Michelin rated restaurant. Hats off to the Scots!
Outstanding chippy! Not the typical soggy bottom haddock and over-cooked chips, everything was made to order. 

Many times, I douse my fish and chips in vinegar and dip my spuds in ketchup but no need for either at the tail end. Strong flavors as they fry with lard so if you're the health conscious type (why would you be in a chippy anyhow?) probably not your type of place. 

Awesome spot, the high reviews it has been getting are all well earned!
Been looking for this chip shop for ages...

My mum went and said its very nice but she could not know exactly where it was on leith walk.

Its a bit like a restaurant from outside but its split into two as you enter. chip shop as you go in and restaurant to the right.

fish and chips were fab although I fell the fish was a little on the small side compaired to other chip shops in the area.

Averall not bad! :)
Apparently this place used to be owned by the guys behind the famous Anstruther Fish Bar, and since they left it's not been quite as good - however I can only comment on what it's like now and believe me it's still miles better than most chippies around! 

You can choose between haddock or cod (the latter is a pound dearer), battered or breaded, or whatever is the daily special, as well as your traditional chippy favourites (curious as to the difference between a steak pie and an oven steak pie... is the former cooked in a microwave?).  Everything is fried to order, so you'll have to be prepared to wait a while, but the food is all the better for it - not only is the batter crispy and delicious but the fish inside is great too, which means I actually eat it all and don't leave most of the fish behind.  Chips are pretty good too.

It's on the more expensive side for a chippy (6 for a battered hadock supper), but the quality means it's usually worth it. Plus, last time I was in I noticed they are now a part of Just Eat, mmm fish and chips straight to my door...
As far as fish and chips go, this is some of the best you'll find in Edinburgh.

Visitors, tourists, those wanting a 'traditional' Scottish fish supper - come here. There are so many chippies all over town, about 80% off them serving fish that has been battered and cooked several hours before, then left to sit under a heat lamp so it goes dry and chewy.

Not here. The fish is of the best quality; everything is fried fresh; and it's fried in ANIMAL LARD. So no veggie batter - although they will also grill fish for GF and veggie options.

After walking up Arthur's Seat, then Calton Hill, then down to Leith Walk, this was perfect. Valerie M and I shared the fish platter (on the main menu) which had a grilled sea bass fillet, a breadcrumbed cod fillet, haddock goujons, calamari and prawns - all for 20 (10 each). Amazing value, so fresh, such a great way to eat fresh fish cooked in the traditional Scottish way.

It's not that healthy, although they had hot smoked salmon salad and grilled fish options, so you could go healthier if you wanted - by why go to a fish and chip shop and not get the battered, deep fried fish? Mmmm.

It's worth the trip down to Leith, it's worth passing all the other fish and chip shops to come here. There's a take-away and a sit-in area too. Perfect.
The Tailend has a takeaway to the right from the street and a restaurant to the left which seats around 30-40 people. 

I've never sampled the takeaway, but did sit down to a weekday lunch. 

My dining companions both ordered off the lunchtime special menu - 1 to 3 courses from around 6 rising to just over a tenner, so excellent value. 

The soup of the day on this menu was tomato which appeared to have a lovely, thick, rustic consistency and I'm assured, was delicious. 

Both parties ordered the Small Haddock & Chips which is a decent size when combined with a starter, dessert or all 3 courses. 

I ordered the Tailend special from the  la carte menu, a full fish tea with mushy (or garden) peas and bread & butter. 

I'm by no means a Fish n' Chip connoisseur, but I really enjoyed it - the mushy peas being an unexpected highlight. 

The other 2 diners in my group both rated the Anstruther Fish Bar as their (relatively) local favourite prior to this visit. After their meal, one said that The Tailend had bettered it and the other felt it was a tie. 

The crispness of the batter and white, fleshy fish were mentioned in between mouthfuls. 

Having had a starter, one of the group had no room for dessert, so I cheekily asked whether I could enjoy it instead from the special menu. The waitress had no issue with this at all. 

They have San Luca ice cream here, so I chose that (Vanilla & Raspberry Ripple) and the other dessert ordered was the Banana Fritters with S. Luca ice cream and toffee. 

Both were very palatable indeed. 

All in all a thoroughly pleasant experience.
A m, a diferencia de a la gente en general, me FLIPA el fish and chips. Entiendo que no es precisamente una comida que vuelva loco al 90% de la pea, pero lo cierto es que me encanta, sobre todo cuando est bien hecho.

No es que sea un experto en este plato que, por lo que me enter, es bastante escocs, pero puedo decir que es probable que este sea uno de los mejores fish and chips de todo Edimburgo. Est frito con grasa animal (lo que sin duda contribuye a mejorar el resultado y hacerlo ms apetitoso) y el empanado es de tan buena calidad que, la verdad, ni se despega del pescado.

Por si esto fuera poco, tienen una de las mejores brown sauces que he probado en mi vida: lo suficientemente sabrosa como para resultar adictiva pero lo suficientemente suave como para no esconder el sabor del pescado. Riqusimo!
I've been to both the restaurant and the takeaway; both are excellent, but the takeaway is MUCH cheaper if you're looking to get bang for your buck.

The restaurant has solid lunch specials that include a tasty Haddock and chips. Battered fresh fish and crispy chips with tartar sauce can't be beat! I ordered chicken goujons from the takeaway, and while they weren't the best I've ever had they were battered and cooked when I ordered them.

For lunch, you're looking at ~10 for a meal if you stick to the specials. From the takeaway, you can walk out with a full meal for as little as 4.
Tailend is owned by the partner in the famous Anstruther Fish Bar in Fife.  They do amazing 'posh' fish and chips too.  It's not exactly white clothe napkin and silver cutlery, just really good battered haddock, chips and mushy peas.  There is a restaurant area adjoining the take-away offer.  The restaurant is modern/basic but clean with views into the kitchen.  Note to management: please change the background elevator music!  

Among other things you can order pizza in the restaurant. I tried it once, but seriously don't bother.  The bases are doughy and pizza toppings are bland.  Stick to what you are good at - FISH!  Lets put it this way, if I was to rate Tailend primarily on the pizza, it would have been 2 stars, but their fish 'n' chip suppers are the best I've tasted.  Why bother with pizza when La Favorita are the masters of pizza a block down the road?! The fish are sustainable sourced which leads to a variety of specials like: sole, sea bass and rock turbot.  The everyday menu includes the usual seafood, cod, haddock, calamari, hake and monkfish - all available in a light, crisp batter, breaded, or just grilled.  The chips are big and chunky fried in beef dripping for crunch and a fluffy inside.  Yum!  Oooh I might just go and grab a chippy there tonight!
Wow. I haven't experienced such bad customer service in a long time.

Now I appreciate that if you order fish online that it might be a little soggy when it arrives, having been steaming inside a box, but you don't expect it to fall apart and the batter to be able to be wiped off with your finger.

But worse than the awful fish, was the reaction I got when I phoned to complain. Which, given I'd just paid 7.50 for a cod supper, is not unreasonable. I was on hold for longer than I actually got to speak to anyone,  hearing the raised voices of the chef in the background, and was told that cod is greasy, or in effect, shit happens. Grease had nothing to do with it. And somehow I make it home the same distance when I collect with the fish in fine fettle. There was no apology, just excuses and being made to feel like an idiot about a valid complaint. The eventual offer to send another driver "later" sounded like it was a massive inconvenience, so I declined.

I used to really like the Tail End. Not any more.
So happy we don't have to drive to Anstruther to get great fish and chips any more! light flaky batter - chips that are crispy on the outside and soft inside - my perfect Fish and Chips. I've taken away and sat in the restaurant - both great. 

If you go for take away - be prepared to wait.  they fry the fish and chips to order - nothing is sitting around!!
What trip to the United Kingdom would be complete without some fish and chips?

On an episode of "No Reservations",Anthony Bourdain went to The Mermaid, but after asking some locals, most of them had never heard of it.  Probably not a good sign.

I was pointed to The Tailend, not exactly in the city center, as it is located in Leith, but only a 10-15 minute bus ride away.  Despite the location, most of the diners were American, oddly enough.

The restaurant is split up into two section: one a take-out place, and the other half a casual sit down restaurant.

There was a new waitress working the shift who didn't understand English all that well, so service was sort of slow.  She was super nice and very attentive however.

The shrimp appetizer includes four plump shrimp that were deep fried.  The shrimp were succulent and crisp.  Unfortunately, we had ordered the grilled shrimp but didn't make a big deal out of it.  A small side salad was served with the appetizer, however it had seen better days as it was very tired looking, with some very wilted and brown pieces of lettuce.  Very few leaves were crisp.  Even the tomatoes were a little over ripe and did not have much flavor.

The Fish and Chips are the reason you are here.  A large piece of fish is lightly battered and perfectly fried.  It is super crisp and not at all greasy.  The meal comes with a small side of garden peas or mushy peas, and a huge mound of chips.  The chips are thick cut, and are crisp on the outside, and smooth and creamy in the middle.

The "Chocolate Pudding" is a little misleading, as it is really is a molten chocolate cake.  The cake is moist, but a little dense and heavy with a large river of melting chocolate oozing out of the center.

The Sticky Toffee Pudding is a nice large piece of cake, which is a little dense covered with an overly sweet toffee sauce.  The sweetness is reduced by the scoop of ice cream (or whipped cream if you like, I believe) dolloped on top.  It was hard to discern if there were dates or prunes in the cake, but very good nonetheless.  Although this is a rich dessert, it is well worth the calories.

If you are in search of some good fish and chipsre in search of some good fish and chips, you can't go wrong with The Tailend.

See blog for pics.
The battered fish is the best I've had. Nice set down restaurant with good service. The smoked haddock soup is awesome also. Can not miss on this place. Pass up all the other late night take out spots and walk down to The Tailend. You will be glad you did!!
Of all my travels through Ireland and Scotland this was my favorite fish and chips place! And I had a lot of fish and chips! 
The fish is delicious. If you are going to Edinburgh this place is a must! 
A man on my plane recommended it to me and we walked more than an hour out of our way to get there... Totally worth it!
I have been wanting to stop by one of these since I got here, in spite of the fact that they are a fast food chain.  The reason is because I remembered how good their oysters were.  I decided to get the 7 piece fried oysters and chips meal instead of just the 4 piece.  It was a whopping $4.50.  It was 50 cents extra for a 5 oz tarter sauce.  The oysters were as good as I remembered and I was glad I stopped.  The fries were a bit salty but still better than a lot of places.  I will definitely keep this on my must visit when in Arizona list.
Menu @ http://www.piratesfishandchips.com/
(4/23/09)
Ugh. It's just not very good and the service is lacking.

Go a little further to Pete's Fish & Chips. It is worth it.
Food is absolute garbage. Came out stale and cold. A completely unsuccessful rip-off of Pete's.
Places like this should just close down. Horrible food...horrible service...the employee complained because I didn't call in my order for 2 crappy meals. You're better off taking the bun off a fish filet from mcdonalds and eating it with ketchup...nuff said.
This place closed down three months ago.
I'd really been craving fish & chips and was excited to see one right next to the store I was scrapbooking at all day on Saturday. 

First off I was annoyed that there was no where inside to sit. But they have pretty good misters, so ok. I stand there looking at the menu, but have to wait for the worker guy to finish flirting with the girl at the counter before I can give my order. 

I ordered the combo that contains 1 fish, 4 shrimp, fries and a drink. I'm sitting at the table reading my book with my earphones in waiting for my food, because they said they would bring it to my table. So it's been a while and I turn around to look back at the place and they are standing in the window with my food. Boo. 

The only condiments that came with my food were some sauces that was very thin, kinda like a hot sauce? But not real hot. No condiments anywhere else and no one at the window anymore. So I sit down to eat. These are shrimp? Really? I couldn't tell with all the breading. They taste like nothing. Literally, they have no flavor at all. The fish was ok, but way overcooked. It was pretty dark. The fries were good, the only thing in the meal worth anything. Oh, and the Dr. Pepper was good, but it's hard to mess up the Nectar of the Gods! 

I ended throwing away half my food which I NEVER do (and if you've seen me, you know). Will not be going back, ever. Except maybe for Dr. Pepper.
First off, Pirates fish and chips has pleasant outdoor seating, and contrary to the info about the restaurant, it is all outdoor seating.  The misters were nice, the staff were a bit on the extremely casual side but it had two pick up windows, one for ordering, and one for picking up your food, that was pretty smart.  I ordered the Super seafood combo, a normal seafood combo and a 2 Pc fish and chips.  My party sat down, and after waiting around 7mins our food came out.  The portions were enormous.  My food contained 2 Pc fish, 7 shrimp and a LOT of fries.  In concurrence with the previous review, the sauce was watery and there is a rumor that they actually have shrimp in their "breaded shrimp" but the fish was fine and the fries were crisp and golden.  All of the food I got was piping hot too, in fact we ended up taking the 2 Pc home!  Even though the service was fair And the shrimp MIA, I give them 4 stars, even though the previous review was one-sided.
This is a Pete' Fish and Chips wannabe that did not make it. Very fishy fish. Once was enough.
The worst fish and chips I have ever had. I watched them drop a frozen square fish patty in a deep fat fryer. McDonald's has better fish than this place. And what's up with the red sauce. I had to ask for tatar sauce. I love fish and chips. But its been hard to find good fish and chips in AZ. Best Ive had is in British Columbia. Your better off going to Red Robin or Denny's for fish and chips. Dont waist your time and money. Pretty pricey for the quality of food. If your gonna specialize in fish and chips at least make it fresh. Maybe actually look like a fillet. Maybe use a nice tempura batter.
Wow! I read the bad reviews, but had to see for myself. I am sorry I did! You could do better buying frozen fish fillets from the grocery store and cooking them in the oven. I wish I was exaggerating, but I am not. Will never go back.
The other reviews are pretty spot on... this place was downright baaaddd. A buddy and I went there for lunch and I was pretty stoked to eat some fish and chips. The menu was what I expected and there were a decent number of combinations and options. Prices were pretty good. That is where the good ends though. 

The fish and chips comes with the 'special sauce' and you have to pay an extra 50 cents to get a side of tartar sauce. 50 cents isn't a big deal but really what kind of fish and chips doesn't come with tartar sauce included!? That said, the tartar sauce was decent. There is only outside seating and most of the tables were pretty dirty. When our food came I was instantly turned off by the square fish pieces...it just screamed of store-bought frozen fish pieces. My buddy got the chicken tenders and they looked (and tasted) like an inferior version of the bags of tyson frozen chicken tenders you can get at most grocery stores. The special sauce was sort of a runny ketchup, it was OK but I think I would have just preferred ketchup for my fries. The fish was very bleh. Tasted like old frozen fish. The battering was OK but there was way too much salt that had been sprinkled on top...maybe to mask the old fish taste? 

Apparently this place has a decent community following, but if you're looking for some good fish and chips I'd avoid this place like the plague. Some of the worst fish I've ever had.
The food is as expected but the service is horrible,  not a friendly person working in the place.
Horrible food. The fish was extremely oily, as well as the fries. Never going back. The food was tasteless and dry.
One star, because 0 stars isn't an option. 

Every other 1 star review will have the same sad tale of fried tasteless fish squares that don't come with tarter sauce.  Tartar is an extra fee... You get Pirate sauce instead. Pirate sauce is the weakest watery version of the red sauce you get from a Filly B's.  The fries don't even give this place something to save face. 
Honestly? My boyfriend and I went thinking it was a Pete's fish and chips and we were craving it so badly we decided that Pirate's should do the trick.  We were gravely mistaken. I repeat: DO NOT TRUST PIRATES WITH YOUR FISH OR YOUR CHIPS. THEY WILL RUIN THEM, THEN THEY WILL RUIN YOU.

Shame on us for not checking Yelp before we let this place rob is out of $15 dollars and a tasty dinner.
Fantastic fish and chips! The menu is great with choices of fresh Atlantic cod , catfish, fried oysters,clams and the scallops are to die for! Joe uses a gluten -free batter which make the fried cod delicate and delicious. The homemade hush puppies are the best I've ever had.Plus for an added bonus this true Bostonian make a homemade New England clam chowder everyday. WOW!
I live in South West Vegas and I love eating at some of the family owned places out here. A friend and I have seen Lazy Joe's but always get there when they're closed. Finally tonight we had the opportunity. 

btw these are the hours: mon- sat 11:00am-9:00pm
sunday 12-7

FOOD: Delicious. My friend is from San Fransisco and she says it's as close as we're going to get here in Vegas. The fish was light, fresh and not oily like the other places. 

PRICES: from $0.69 for sides to $13.89 for large meals. It's a price that you can't beat for the quality. 

AMBIANCE: Adorable little place. Joe the owner was nice and friendly came to chat to us...we found out he's from the bay too. 

Would definitely go back.
This place isn't cheap, but the fish is top-notch and worth the money.  The food is cooked to order.  Their fillets (I had the catfish) have good size and are absolutely delicious.  I will definitely return to try their other fish and seafood.
My husband found this place in the 89148 local magazine. We're all about trying new restaurants at least once, once if we don't like it and if we like it, we return! And we will definitely be back to Lazy Joe's!

*Mine: Bay Scallops includes: 8 Fried Bay Scallops, Fries, Cole Slaw & Hush Puppies
*The Kid: Chicken & Fish Combo includes: Fries, Cole Slaw & Hush Puppies
*The Husband: Super Combo- 1 Fish, 2 Shrimp, 2 Oysters, 2 Scallops, 2 Clams, Fries & Cole slaw

Food was really good! Fries are seasoned and very tasty! Son's chicken & fish was moist and full of flavor. Husband said that his platter was good and mentioned that his oysters tasted "Clean". Anyone that eats oysters knows what that refers to! The breading wasn't thick but very tasty. 

I loved the scallops, they were cooked perfectly but the only thing that I suggest is to eat them as quickly as you can, try to not let them sit too long. The characteristic of scallops is that they are really juicy, so if you let them sit there for too long, the juices from the scallops will start to leak out and they start to become soggy. That's the nature of the scallops, nothing to do with the restaurant.

Decor was very cute! And the staff is so nice. The owner, Joe, talked to us and was super friendly. 

Definitely returning!
My husband and I frequent Rainbow Blvd. for...well almost everything. Noticed Lazy Joe's while driving back and forth on Rainbow and also found their ad on a local newspaper. One of my husband's faves is Fish and Chips so this was a place we had to go to...someday.

We finally checked it out for a late lunch on Friday. When we arrived, it was packed! There were no tables available...It's a small place. I would guesstimate the maximum capacity of 30 people. 

Their menu isn't posted anywhere except an 8x11 copy in front of the register. The hostess was quite helpful and made suggestions while we perused through the menu. 

I ordered the Fish Sandwich (Cod) which comes with a side of cole slaw and fries. I also ordered Clam Chowder and a drink. Total price: $13.80. Not cheap!

My husband ordered the 2 Fish Filet which comes with a side of cole slaw, hush puppies and fries, and a drink. His bill was about $12.00.

Their cod Fish Sandwich was very good! Not too greasy. The batter was light. It didn't overpower the fish. They give you a choice between cod, catfish and some other fish. They also give you a choice between regular or seasoned fries. The cole slaw was creamy and a bit underseasoned. The clam chowder was delicious! (Although, they give you a tiny portion for $3.99.)

They treat you well at Lazy Joe's. Very attentive and friendly. Absolutely coming back to try their other seafood plates.
Great place, food is everything I expected. The frys are home made and the fish sandwich was super good. They also give coleslaw! The owner is super cool too. Go here and eat!
When I think of fish and chips the first two restaurants that come to mind are Long John Silver and Arthur Treacher's. Growing up in Virginia those two fast food joints helped form my opinion of that type of food. Needless to say it didn't leave a good impression. If I had a place like Lazy Joe's to try when I was younger I would probably have a higher regard for it.

I tried the cod and shrimp combo. Everything is cooked to order. The cod was tender and flakey and the breading crispy and light. Not greasy at all. The combo came with 2 shrimp, which didn't even look like shrimp when they came out because they were long and thin. But, I guess they butterfly them or something to give them that shape. The seasoned fries were great and the hush puppies (2 of them) were equally as good.

With a drink the meal came out to about 8 bucks, so it's on the pricey side, in my opinion. But the quality of the food was on point.

The place is locally owned, with the owner working the register and checking in on the customers. There seem to be quite a few regulars as the owner knew many of them by name. The decor has a tropical/Keywest vibe, with pastel colors, framed pictures of palm trees and beaches, and plantation shutters on either side of each picture.

Thanks Joe for setting me straight on what good fish and chips taste like. I've been missing out all these years.
So here I am continuing my eternal quest to find delicious fish and chips in the desert. 

It's late afternoon, almost 2 pm and I am customer number 4 of 4.  Not a big crowd but it's way past lunch, right?  I've read good things and I trust Yelper's opinions so I rock a two piece cod and take a seat in the now totally M T echo chamber... Was that a pin drop? 

Okay, I'm goofin' around here; the place is empty but I'm here to sample some brilliant F&Cs not do a line dance. 

My F&Cs are done right quick and served with a smile. Two big hunks of fish a litle larger than a fat wallet and Real Fries!?!?! Everything is a perfect golden brown. The fish is meaty and dense with a crisp crust.  The fries, though not crisp, are perfect. I believe that the water content in real taters is too high for crispiness.  

Included with the PHAT fish and tasty chips are cole slaw, tarter sauce and dos peros de los silencios... Two Hush Puppies... 

The slaw is good. Cold, crispy, creamy, flavorful etc.... The tarter is good.  Creamy, tart, fatty... Etc. Balsamic... Check!

Bite! Hot! Hot! Hot!!! But GOOD! Not the "best" I've ever had but good. Dang good! Just puttin that out there. 

I'm from Washington state, home of Ivar's Acre of Clams, where even the F&Cs at Dairy Queen rock! Okay, so now that my pedigree is established, you know where I'm coming from.   A gentleman came by asking how's the food.  I told him great and asked where he gets his fish.  I explained I'm from Washington State and caught a lot of Ling Cod in Puget Sound.  He told me he has a Broker from Boston that provides his good seafood. Atlantic Cod is okay with me.

BONUS! All you can eat F&Cs on Thursdays to Sundays... Whatch out NOW!  $10.95... Nice!

The hunt continues but this was really very good.

It's on Rainbow about 1.5 miles from the 215 just past  Warm Springs.  The place is clean with kind of a Jimmy Buffet feel to it...

Enjoy!

Chow!
Earlier this week I was in Escondido, CA on business, and for lunch we went to the Sandcrab Cafe.  The fish and chips there were awesome, but oh so covered in fried batter.  My coworker, having not really had much fried food in his diet as of late, got a mean talking to by his stomach.  I, on the other hand, suffered from a bout of the itis.  Mmm fried food.

So here I am on a Saturday afternoon wondering what to put in my belly.  I was driving down South Rainbow, planning on getting something quick at Fausto's, when I saw Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips nearby.  Now the only other fish and chips that I enjoy here in Vegas is at the Crown and Anchor; mostly for the fish.  The fries there are just okay.  I decide to skip Fausto's and head into Lazy Joe's to get my second helping of fish and chips this week; and I'm glad I did.

I got myself the two piece cod meal, which came with seasoned fries, cole slaw, and two hush puppies.  The other two fish choices were catfish and hughglej...yeah, I don't remember.  I *think* it started with an H though.  The thing that surprised me was how the fish turned out.  It was delicious, but also didn't have that "fresh out of the fryer" layer of oil on the outside that seems to be typical.  All food is cooked to order, which is obvious when you try to take that first bite of fish (and then proceed to do the rapid "inhale-exhale" with the food still in your mouth, instead of, you know, taking the food out).  The batter on the fish did not overpower the fish, it complemented it in that you didn't feel like you were eating batter with a little fish filling.  The fish fillets were a good size, with me feeling very satisfied at the end of the meal.  The seasoned fries were great as well.  See Michael W.'s review for a more in depth look at the fries.

All in all it was a very satisfying meal.  With a bottle of water it cost me $10 and change for my meal.  After finishing my meal I noticed that they had a sign with a special for all you can eat fish and chips for $10.95 or so; better deal?  Yes, but I was already stuffed after two pieces of fish.  Keep that in mind before you go for the one, two or three piece combo!
A locals' place specializing in Fish & Chips is always a welcome addition to the neighborhood!

A quick look at the menu and with some help from the older gentleman working the counter and fryer - we put our orders in and took a seat.

* 2 Cod Fillets ($8.89)
* 2 Haddock Fillets ($8.89)

Both orders came with fries, coleslaw, tartar sauce, and hush puppies.  I personally like the cod fillets over the haddock, while the Husband enjoyed the haddock over the cod.  The fish had a nice batter to it and we ate it all up.

It's a simple restaurant with no frills that serves up some decent fish and chips on red and white checked paper in baskets.

Other things on their menu worth checking out include fried catfish, popcorn shrimp, fried shrimp, calamari, soft shell crab, steamers, fried clams, fried oysters, and chicken fingers.
I hate writing this review.  I was so looking forward to trying Lazy Joe's.

I went in hungry, in a good mood and wanting fish and chips.

Very nice girl at the counter and the owner cooking.  I ordered the 2 piece cod platter and a side of onion rings.  

The main problem is that everything comes coated in this bland, pale batter.  A good fish batter should cook up golden brown or darker, be crunchy and add flavor to the food.  The pale, tan concoction that was on the fish and onion rings was flavorless and just looked ugly.  I tried to dunk my fish in the tartar sauce, but the batter fell apart.  Then tried cutting with knife and fork, same problem,  crumbled into bits.  Now I know your probably thinking I waited too long to eat it.  Wrong, I ate the fish within 5 minutes of it being prepared.

So until a new batter is used,  I will have to stay away.
I come in weekly on Fridays (sometimes Thursdays) to get the "Shark Feast" which is all you can eat Haddock, Cod, or Catfish. I never can eat more than 5 or 6 pieces of fish. 

Joe loves his fish.. he will tell you about it... ask him.. It's not from some local wholesaler or market. He flies in all the fish/crabs from the places they are caught from. FRESH!

Apparently everything is Gluten free. The last time I was there there was a lady at the next table that looked like she was going to cry because "This is the first fried food I have been able to eat in years"

So I guess it is good enough to make people cry
The Skinny: Gluten free goodness made to order (2.75),service - it's counter service and the owners are friendly (4), value - 3 cod fillets plus a side of zucchini sticks and a diet coke was around $18 plus tax (3.5).

There are some great things about this place. When we walked in, first thing I notice - no heat lamps and no pre-breaded fish sitting around. They make their stuff to order which is awesome. The bag of their special batter (a gluten free recipe) can be purchased here. The owner was quite nice and advised us to get a small drink (which is still a gigantic 20oz cup) as there are free refills in the restaurant.

The various fried items (fish and zucchini) were nicely breaded with their special coating and remained moist inside. The coating was substantial and more in the style of a cornmeal-type breading rather than a lighter beer batter. The great thing was it was not greasy but yes, as a previous reviewer noted the batter did have some trouble holding together.

On the downside was their sides and sauces. The tartar sauce was too heavy on the mayo - not enough acidity to balance out the flavour. The coleslaw was kind of bland, nothing special. The fries were homestyled fries which typically lack that lovely crispiness and are prone to become soggy quickly. The hush puppies were ok.

Finally a quick note or word of warning. This place doesn't really season (salt/pepper) their fried items for you. Personally, I have no problem with that 'cause that's how they roll in some of the fry shops in the UK that I've been to. It's kind of expected that you load your stuff with packets of salt/pepper yourself.

Overall, I think this place is good but nothing I feel an urgent need to return for. However for those who have dietary restrictions, this maybe a place you need to check out.
it was ok.  i had the codfish that came with a side of cole slaw and hush puppies [which were really good!]  i really want to come back and try the catfish.  the clam chowder was excellent, and the fish was definitely fresh.. if i have a craving for fish and chips i'd definitely come back.   i hear there's a time to come in and it's an all you can eat fish fest...  i will definitely try and come in for that!  then i could probably give a better review!
So here's the skinny.  $11.95 AYCE Thurs-Sat.  You'll spend 7-8 bucks for a 2-3 piece any other day but for 12 bucks, this is a steal.  You have your choice of catfish, haddock, and cod.  I'd rank them haddock, cod, then catfish.  I'm from the south so I get catfish al the time. The haddock has great clean flavor. 

The fish is not seasoned but they provide all the fixen's.  I like to drench with malt vinegar and hot sauce.  Each order comes with 3 pieces, fries, hush puppies, and cole slaw.  You can then order more and they're quick with it.

I had to throw in the towel at 8 but I'd encourage you to go for the dirty dozen.

Mgmt, charge me 2-3 bucks so i can get some shrimp with it.!

I'll be back!
I finally got around to getting to Lazy Joe's the night before Thanksgiving. I got there around 5pm, and they were actually pretty busy!

I really, really wanted to like this place, but I had some issues. I'll say first i'm NOT a fan of their batter. I know, it's gluten-free, and i'm glad this is out there for people with gluten allergies. But, I prefer a beer-battered fish. The quality of the fish was good, I got a single piece of cod, and 2 shrimps. The flesh was sweet and tasty, no fishiness. YAY! The batter is just not up my alley, it's dense and heavy. The hushpuppies were -excellent- and I really liked those! They seemed handmade, with flecks of onion and parsely. The fries were SO dissappointing! The color -looked- good on them, but they were soggy, limp and greasy. I got the seasoned fries, and I liked the flavor of the seasoning, I just could not eat much, due to the limpness.

The owners of the business really TRY hard, tho. They are both friendly people, and seem to care about some things, but leave other aspects hanging. It's a small place, with perhaps seating for 30 people. There are menus on the table, and it seemed like it was a sit-down, waiter service type of place. But, if you took a seat, you'd find people cutting in front of you, and they don't bother to put signage up, to let people know to order FIRST, then take a seat. Clarification on this would be nice, but I'm sure the regulars knows the drill by now.

I'm glad I tried Lazy Joe's, but I won't be back. If I want great F&C, I have a Village Pub down the street that is much more to my liking.
I've been to Lazy Joe's a handful of times and always have a pleasant experience.  I usually order the 2 piece cod meal....the fish is fresh, the coleslaw creamy and the hush puppies & fries are tasty.  The gluten-free batter does take away some of the crispiness and normal taste I associate with fish & chips, but it does seem less greasy.  I would like to see the option of "regular" batter and the gluten free as I tend to prefer the more traditional taste.  The owners are great to talk to and provide that neighborly friendliness that is missing in many restuarants.
I'm a huge fan of fish/shrimp and found out about this place through this website, thanks yelpers. 

I been to this place a total of 3 times already and have zero complaints about my visits. They have an all-you-can eat fish or shrimp deal I believe Thursday through Saturday, so that's when I make the drive across town. 

The haddock fish is my favorite there to have. It's more 'beefier' than the other two. Perfect with a squeeze of lemon and dipped in sauce. The meal comes with the fish or shrimp (whatever you decide), side of fries, cole slaw, and two hush puppies. The hush puppies are really good also, as well as the clam chowder. 

The service is always friendly and upbeat. Whenever I'm close to being finished, I'm always asked if I'd like more fish or shrimp. 

I'd recommend this place to anyone who likes fish and chips.
I pass by this place all the time and have been wanting to try it out. So I finally stopped in one day after work. This place is cozy and tropical and the owner (who I assume is Joe) is very friendly. 

Quick tip #1: order at the counter before you sit down. 

I ordered the 2 cod and chips platter ($9.99). 

Quick tip #2: City Saver card saves you 15% your entire order. 

I researched this place beforehand so I already knew the batter was going to be different (gluten free). I've never had gluten free anything but was looking forward to my first experience. With that said, I now know I am not a fan of gluten free anything =) I much prefer beer battered fish. Setting aside my issues with the batter, the fish was moist and flaky and really good. The fries were seasoned well but were a little soggy (and I really like my fries to be crispy). I wasn't a fan of the slaw, it was a little bland. It also comes with 2 hush puppies (which admittedly I thought were only shoes up until this point) that were very tasty!
Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips is incredible (especially for us gluten-free folk)! An array of seafood is breaded and fried in batter that is gluten free, dairy free, egg free... finally! And when's the last time you saw gluten-free onion rings? Theirs are better than any glutenous ones I ever had. They are not exclusively gluten free, but the few gluten-containing items are clearly marked on the menu. They are also very careful about avoiding cross-contamination and make sure to fry all gluten free foods in their own fryer. The people there are really nice, too! Joe is the best!
What a great find! I have had this place on my radar for a while, so when the Groupon came out, I was excited to finally get the opportunity to try this place!

I have heard great things about the gluten-free options and it did not disappoint. I ordered the 2 cod fillets meal and my fella got the coconut shrimp meal. I wasn't a big fan of the hushpuppies (a little dry for my taste), but my fella loved them. I loved the cole slaw and fries. I adore when they keep the skins on the fries, so yummy! On to the main event, the shrimp and fish. I preferred the shrimp and my fella preferred the fish, so halfway through we switched plates. The fish is great and the batter is very tasty, but the star was the cocunut shrimp. Great texture and the cocktail sauce was sweet and spicy, yum!

The owners were friendly and attentive, checking on us regularly and making sure we were enjoying our food and had everything we needed. 

I can't sing the praises of this place enough.
Got a groupon to this place...cute little mom and pop owned place on rainbow@robindale. I had the lobster roll sandwich, hubby got the softshell crab, and kiddo got the kids fish n chips. All were very good (I've got to try everybody's to determine if I'd be back or not). 
Hubby's softshell crab was wonderful, I may order that when I go next time. My lobster roll was ok-I was a little disappointed by the size and i could barely taste the lobster due to the other ingredients it was mixed with. Kiddo's cod fillet was pretty good. I really want to try the steamed clams basket next time. 
All entrees came with fries,which we all chose seasoned.

Closed on sundays.
**Summary**
       - The fryers are situated 10-20 feet from where you're sitting so prepare to smell like grease. That probably also explains why everything felt sticky.
       - Fried Catfish seemed moist and flakey but were a little too greasy and lacked the flavorful cornbread breading of other places.
       - 1lb of steamed clams seems like a lot more food than it actually is.
**Price**
       - $24 for two.
**Ordered**
       - 3 Catfish Fillets with fried, cole slaw & hush puppy - The catfish was moist, but extremely greasy. The seasoned fries seemed a little undercooked.
       - 1lb of steamers (steamed clams) - With the buttery gravey, cholesterolicious, but not very filling.
**Recommendations**
       - Maybe I just caught them on a bad day, but I wasn't seeing what the other yelpers were saying. I'll probably give them another shot based on the other reviews.
I just had their chicken wings and chicken fingers.it was very good and fresh,also gluten free and they use soybean and vegetable oil only..awesome place for food
Fish and Chips are for me. I tried this place with my girl and we both fell in love. Everything we ate was delicious and we will definitely be regulars. I had the coconut shrimp plate and my girl got the fish and chips. We traded plates halfway through since she liked what I had more and vice versa. Fast and friendly service. Mark of a great restaurant in my book. I plan to return, and soon.
I almost teared up when I read about this place. All fried and all gluten free? I am in heaven! I ordered enough plates to cover the table and was not disapointed. Mu boyfriend even said that the fried shrimp batter tasted better than normal batter. Anyone who was a fan of fried food before being on a gluten free diet, simply must try this place!
Came back to redeem our second Groupon. Love this place. Chatted with Lazy Joe for quite some time. He told us to keep an eye out for another Groupon available in the near future. YAY! Although I'll come back without one any time. They're that good and cheap.

The food was just as great as the last time. My fella got the AYCE shrimp, which is a steal at $11.99. I ordered the softshell crab sandwich which was also delightful. I haven't had one thing I don't like here yet! Which is rare for me, since I'm not usually a big fan of deep fried food. Everything's cooked to order, so you might have a bit of a wait, but it's worth it.

Friendly owners and staff, great food and convenient location and hours. What's not to love about this place.

Glowing recommendation from me! I'll be back - soon.
Last night I had been craving for fish and chips, so I went to Jack in the Box to get my fix.  Sadly, they discontinued that item.  The next morning I had yelped around to look for places to eat and stumbled across this place.  The name of the restaurant had it all, "Fish and Chips".  I ordered the Cod fish with regular fries and was a bit skeptical because the price was a bit higher than my normal fish and chips at jack in the box.  But the flaky, soft, tender taste of the Cod made me realize that this is what fish and chips should taste like, not the old soggy greasy fish at jacks....The fried to were a delightful surprise, made with whole potatoes and seasoned perfectly!  The hush puppies along with the Cole slaw topped the overall meal.  Customer service was also an A++.  Overall, I gave this place a 5 star for their great food, customer service and the little extras that gives your meal a variety of taste!
I wanted to like it, I wasn't impressed the first time and thought maybe I was just in a bad mood so I stopped by again as I was in the mood for fish and chips.

I'm not a fan of the Gluten Free batter.  It just tastes "Blah" and kills the flavor in my opinion.  They should have a traditional beer batter or tempura batter for the normal people.

Staff and owner are friendly and prices are reasonable but I most likely won't be back unless they add a different style batter to their menu.

Jason
The name say's it all. LAZY Joe's Fish & Chips. I purchased a Groupon for this place in high hopes. My boyfriend and I love Fish & Chips and since we live close to Crown & Anchor, we would usually go there. To change up the scenery a little bit, we popped into this little joint. I live close to UNLV so this place wasn't an easy find for me. I got the number and asked for cross streets. The lady on the phone sounded super southern (she literally said, ''we are a hop, skip, and a jump away from New Day Cafe, whatever the hell that is) and extremely annoyed. That wasn't a good first impression. We finally found it, and not with her help. We went inside, sat down and were greeted after being there for a little bit. The waiter told us about a special they were having and I told him I had a Groupon, he sounded excited and said, ''I LOVE IT'' and brought over the ''specials'' menu. We ordered 2 Haddock filets each with fries and a coke. For an appetizer we ordered the ''Flowering Onion''. I redeemed the Groupon and went back to my seat. After a couple of minutes she came back over with a receipt and told me I had to pay for the meal because the Groupon doesn't work for the specials, so I asked if we could just pay the difference since the Groupon was worth $20. She said no. I told her that I had already redeemed it. She stared at me with judging, watchful, eyes and then said, ''FINE''. She gave me a receipt for a different total. Which wasn't much less than the other total and I just payed it because we were already there. We got our food, the hush puppies were incredible but everything else was mediocre. The worst was the over-seasoned & uneatable ''flowering onion''. It was the saltiest thing I had ever eaten. The filets were average, they tasted a little better with vinegar. The fries were overcooked and over-seasoned as well. I didn't even bother with the cole slaw. I'd say all in all, the coke and the hush puppies were great. I will just go ahead and stick to Crown & Anchor, they have the best fish & chips in town and their beer choices are the perfect pair to this meal. I don't know what I was thinking.
I'm always in search of good Fish & Chips and that seems hard to find in this town. So alas, I gave this place a shot especially since it was near my house. After all, what did I have to lose? 

First Impression: Hmm maybe we should re-think this! We walked in and the place was dead but the owner was a great fella along with the rest of his staff so we decided to stay. 

My fellow foodie and I ordered our dishes- 2 cod & onion rings and 2 chicken/2 cod with seasoned fries. Let me tell ya, those fries are so worth it. If you like the cajun fries at 5 Guys, these are better! Nice and crispy and great portion size. 

At first glimpse of my plate, i'm thinking hmm $10.99 is far to expensive for 2 itty bitty little pieces of fish and 2 small but fat pieces of chicken. Well once I started eating I soon learned that the combo was bigger than I thought. All them carbs quickly filled my stomach. Lo and behold, there was a huge cod filet buried under my fries! 

The interesting thing is that they use a gluten-free batter, which has it's pros and cons. One pro being that the fish wasn't as soggy and greasy as you find in other places. The con being that there was hardly any flavor and I hate to use the tartar sauce & malt vingear for every bite just to give it flavor. 

My partner enjoyed her over cooked onion rings, which the staff was more than happy to remake but she declined. Had they been cooked slightly less, these onion rings would have phenomenal! They were seasoned perfectly just a tad bit over cooked for me.

The chicken strips were thick and juicy, and the cod fish could have been great but alas the gluten free batter killed the taste.  This place definitely has the right bells and whistles, they just need to revamp the batter and I could definitely see myself coming back.
It is difficult finding places that make fried gluten free food anywhere in this country without holding the threat of cross contamination over you. For some, cross contamination is not a large concern and fried food, in all its glory, can be experienced with a minimal price to pay later that day/night. For people like myself, too much cross contamination is out of the question and fried food is something of the past unless you make it fresh at home. Of course, I felt this way until I read about Lazy Joe's and it was all trouble from there.

First off, do not come to Lazy Joe's thinking that you are going to get that rustic ale flavor from their fish and chips. The breading is gluten-free, so it is going to taste a little different than the pub down the street (see Crown and Anchor in Vegas!). However, that doesn't mean it isn't delicious! The breading is still a little flaky and not too heavy so that it weighs down the flavor in the seafood. Even though the breading lacks seasoning at times (I wouldn't mind them adding some salt, pepper, granulated garlic, herbs, etc to give it a little more character), when it encases something like a flowered onion or a big stick of mozzarella cheese, very few negative things can be said about this experience. I added some seasoning and BAM! Dunk those fat cheese sticks into their great marinara sauce and you have an appetizer. There is nothing but pleasure while eating their version of Chili's Awesome Blossom. My waistline may hurt a little after eating these app's, but hey, it can't hurt once in a while!

Onto our entree's: Calamari and Popcorn Shrimp. Oh deliciousness. Like I said, the breading needs a little more character but wow do they know how to cook this food perfectly. The shrimp were nicely sized and tender while helped by the added crunch of the breading. The portion size was quite large and if we had stopped eating when we should have, there would still be some pieces left the next day. The calamari was perfect. Served with a marinara sauce, I almost forgot about the simple breading and the fact I had to add a little extra seasoning and some lemon to make it just right. I love that they give you the rings and actual calamari itself when they serve you. FANTASTIC.

Now, onto the fries. If you like crisp, somewhat over cooked french fries than this is not your place. If you are okay with slightly limp fries but with fantastic seasoning, this is the place to go. I normally like my fries crispy, but when they put their seasoned fry seasoning on these potatoes I forgave the lack of crunch and dove in head first into the massive pile of carbohydrates in front of me. To all those who say these fries are terrible, please admit to not liking these type of fries before bashing potatoes that are actually very good and bring the meal full circle. Just a tip: GET THEM SEASONED. Otherwise, they're just predictable and you should try to keep it interesting.

All in all, this should be a solid 3.5 stars, but because Yelp refuses to apply half stars to their reviews I will push it up to 4 because the service was friendly, the restaurant was clean and well-maintained and hey, any place that makes it safe for me to eat in will beat plenty of other restaurants in my book!

P.S. They have specials all the time. Check their website!
Great Fried Clams! Batter was light on the clams & onion rings!
My sister is eating gluten free these days so last weekend in Vegas we went to Lazy Joe's because the batter on their fish and shrimp is gluten free.

This is a very small, unassuming place in a strip mall. Not much on ambiance. If you take a date there, she will not be impressed and you won't get another date. 

On Friday's they have an all you can eat shrimp special and that is what we had. I've never had gluten free deep fried shrimp before so I can't compare it to other gluten free places, but I have had my share of regular fried shrimp before and I can tell you this place just doesn't compare.

The shrimp lived up to their name and were on the small side. The gluten free batter was okay, but rather flavor-less. Maybe it's really good for gluten free, but if you aren't gluten free you can find much, MUCH better deep fried shrimp with little to no effort. Honestly, Long John Silver's has better fried shrimp.

The service was fine and the owner did come by to check with us and make sure everything was good. That was very nice, but honestly, if you aren't eating gluten free there is really no reason to come here. You can find better quality food for the same price if not less.
A couple of Yelp friends recommended this place and then a Groupon popped up one day.  Bingo!  The Groupon was expiring soon, so I went tonight.  I'm so glad I did!

For a starter, I got a small (8 oz.) clam chowder which is done New England style.  It was excellent and it was served mouth burning hot!!  I had a bottle of hot sauce on my table I'd asked for.  The cook asked me how I liked his chowder (Joe, perhaps?) and he asked if I used the hot sauce in the chowder.  I had not, but i saved enough to give the chowder a good shot of the hot sauce.  It is great!  Next time - hot sauce in the chowder from the get go!

I had the large (12) fried clams.  With it I got the seasoned fries (included with the meal) and cole slaw.  Two hush puppies come with this meal, too!  I got a small iced tea.  Refills allowed. 

You order at a counter and then the staff brings your food to you.  The seasoned fries were very good.  I found myself using hot sauce more than the tartar sauce for my clams.  I agree with Candace that there's too much mayo and not enough acidity to balance the mayo.

This is a nice place to stop for a different dinner.  I'm not sure I'd make the trip there often, but it's a good alternative.

Note on the photo of the soup.  All I had was my iPhone and I was too close.  It's way better than photo would indicate!
Is Better Batter! 
Don't know how I ended up at lazy Joe's. Fish n chips is not in my brain collection of things I crave, but here I was looking at the menu and once I do that, I'm at the point of no return, I have to order something..... I think I'll order something fried.
  I decided on the fried calamari, The cod fillet and shrimp combo plate. Everything is made with special batter for people that are gluten intolerant. The only thing I'm intolerant ,that I know of, is bad food. so I was hoping taste didn't go where gluten went.
  This is not a Red Lobster or a Long John Silver. Lazy Joe is a very small restaurant on a strip mall, but they're not about size or theater staging, they're about food! still the place is nicely  and casually decorated, the staff is very friendly and the place kept very clean.
  In case you're wandering, the food was surprisingly good, did not miss the gluten at all the fish was crispy and so were the chips. The calamari was very tasty also, and the sauces were in harmony with the rest of the food. Can't wait to come back and try the other items, even though the prices are a bit too high. But is understandable being in the middle of the desert and serving the freshest possible food from the coast.
             Joe! I'm saving my money so I can try that new lobster roll!
its ok i ate all my food cause i was starving. wont be back again. not a fan of gluten free establishments its a waste of time .....great service tho!
Great place for fish & chips! If you have a wheat allergy or celiacs disease then this is the place for you! The coconut shrimp are fantastic. Fresh shrimp and real coconut!
I've been wanting to try this place for a while now.  With the cold wet weather, and my cancelled business trip to London next month, I decided fish & chips were in order today.

Have to say, it was a little pricey for counter-order fish & chips.  The fish was fresh and flaky, but the batter was a little heavy for my taste.  I guess my British version expectation threw me off a little.  Maybe this is more Southern style?  Anyway, it was tasty enough for me to finish.  The fresh cut "chips" (fries) were okay too.  Nothing to write home about.

I will probably go back to try some of the other batter fried seafood treats, like clams, calamari, etc.  I doubt I'll go back for fish & chips though.
This is my gluten free fried heaven!! I came here for my birthday with my friends, and even my gluten eating friends really enjoyed their food. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for making gluten free fried goodies!!! I am just so sad that you guys are so far away.... COME OPEN SHOP IN LA!!!! =D
I suffer from Celiac's disease. I was excited to find this restaurant since they offer such an extensive gluten free menu. I loved having choice again! My only complaint is that the food could use more seasoning. It had a bland taste though I enjoyed the hush puppies!
I've been meaning to try this place for a while. I was really excited walking in and I couldn't wait to get elbow deep in a bunch of fried foodz. But le sigh, the entire time I was eating I was somewhat disappointed... For the price I paid, I feel like I've eaten better elsewhere.

ORDER: I ordered the Super Combo. Since it was my first time, I wanted to sample what this place had to offer. This order came with 1 fish, 2 shrimp, 2 oysters, 2 scallops, 2 clams, 2 hush puppies, fries and cole slaw. I'm no fish connoisseur, so I went with the haddock because the owner said it was the best; but you can choose whatever fish floats your boat between that, cod, and catfish.

BATTER: Seemed like everything was dipped in a universal batter. It was quite thick and completely unseasoned--heavy spices aren't common for fish & chips. But maybe a little sea salt? I had tartar, cocktail, ranch, and some buttermilk-y sauce which was awesome... but I still felt like my meal was missing something!

SEAFOOD: The fish was cooked perfectly: most & flaky. The shrimp were cut kinda funny--couldn't even tell they were shrimps until I bit into it--a little tough if you ask me! The clams and oysters had to be my favorite part. I love that clean ocean-y taste; the seafood they use here is pretty good quality! 

SIDES: I upgraded to sweet potato fries for an extra $1. Totally worth it. What's not to love about the holy fried sweet potato?? Crisp on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside. I'm crazy about fried mushrooms so I went with an order of that for another $3.69. I'm not a fan. The mushrooms here are bland and quite rubbery. Not ordering those again.

SERVICE: Excellent! The owner was working the register and preparing the food. She was so sweet and gave me some recommendations on what to eat. Everything is made fresh. It serves up pretty quick--within 10 minutes or so.

OPTIONS: If your dining partner doesn't like seafood, they do offer other options like chicken fingers and chicken wings. They also have sandwiches like the lobster roll and soft shell crab sandwich which I really want to try. 

I was half satisfied with my meal. I think if I come here again, I need to order something a little different. I require heavily seasoned foods and that's probably the reason why this place isn't on my hitlist. Also considering I spend $23 and wasn't pleased with my meal somewhat irked me a bit--a little pricy!

Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
Gluten free! At first I was skeptical because I wondered how the texture and taste of the batter would be like without all the Glutenous goodness in there. However, I did overhear one of the employees tell a customer that a part of their secret ingredient is pineapple juice. Pineapple juice? Sold! I love pineapples in liquid form. This then made me assume that this batter would be slightly sweet...

I opt to get their 2 and 2 combo which had 2 slices of the cod and 2 shrimps for $10.99. Oh..it was delish! The breading was light and not filling at all (but it's a good enough portion to leave you satisfied) with a nice crisp to it. I could taste a very very light sweetness to it which I assume is from the pineapple juice! The cod was so tender that it started breaking apart in my hands as I ate them by piece. No complaints here though! I was happy to have a variety and was glad that the shrimp was a good portion as well. The fries are nicely seasoned too. 

I'm a big fan. It's such a small place, but it's SO clean and the decor is just too cute to not admire. I also commend them for having such an open kitchen where guests can see you cook. I find that people who are confident with their execution of the food, and their cleanliness by letting guests see them cook is respectable and trustworthy. The service is so wonderful. I see them walk around and have conversations with guests on a personal level (I mean in a hospitable manner). It was so nice of the guy to stop me halfway through buying a bottle of lemonade by warning me that the lemonade was completely organic with no additives so its extra sour. I'm all for lemonade, but that extra sour to it makes me feel like I might as well just drink a full glass of lemon juice (YIKES!). Good looking out my friend! So I just got the mango lemonade instead...phew.

Great food. Great people. Cute little place. Need I say more?
Joe the owner is a friendly Bostonian who told his life story as the food was prepared, which was good because we were interested. We had one gluten-free eater and one wheat-free diner with us and they were SO happy to have fish and chips again. The corn flour breading is crispy and much less greasy than regular fish and chips. The onion rings and fried zucchini were also top-notch.

We drove a long, long way to visit Joe's and it was worth it, especially for the gluten-free diners.

The atmosphere is strip-mall basic with a nautical theme, harsh lighting and a TV in the corner. But the food is the draw here and it is yummy.
I defiantly enjoyed the lobster roll.  The meat was very tender and the sauce was not over powering or thick.  I also ordered the family combo with combination of catfish and cod.  The pieces are good size.  So if you think the 10 piece is not enough, trust me it is.  I had to take it to go and to my surprise after a 20 min drive the breading did not soften.

Overall, the service was great.  Everyone there acknowledged me as a customer.  However, the place is a bit small.
Bland food, over-priced, slow service, and dirty.

I walk in to the restaurant and it is warm and reeks of grease.  You know when you can just smell the grease lingering in the air.  The ventilation system needs to be improved or considering how well the place is cleaned the hood system may need a deep cleaning.  The soda fountain has exposed lines and an open drainage system, very unsightly. 

As I am standing there waiting 10 minutes for someone to take our order I started looking around the place.  The walls are dirty, I cannot even guess the last time the fryers were moved in order to clean the old food and filth underneath them.  The fryers have old caked on grease on the sides, again couldn't even fathom a guess as to when it was cleaned last.  My arms stuck to the table we were seated at.

For a fast food restaurant it took 45 minutes to get our order because they literally fix one ticket at a time.  Sadly, there was only 3 tickets ahead of ours.  We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.  I knew I should have insisted when go somewhere else but my wife really wanted to try the place out.  I had to drive straight home and I spent the next 30 minutes vomiting.  I can make substantially better fish n' chips at home for a fraction of the price and time it took them to fix our order.  Drive out of your way to find a Long John Silvers you will be way better off.
Disgusting, it started off with the lady working there smoking a cigarette right next to us as we tried to read the menu on the window outside, (and we were there first, she walked out as we were standing there) it was so bad we finally gave up and went inside to get away from the smell. That should of been the red flag to send us on our way. 

She came in behind us and there was a younger guy working the register. He was just plain scary looking, looked totally cracked out and rubbed his nose as he stared at us. The woman took over the register and you could tell he was irritated and didn't want to be there. Neither one of them washed their hands before beginning to prepare the meal.

If it wasn't prepaid, I probably would have just left, in hindsight should have just asked for a refund. The food was bland, no taste, had to be smothered in tarter sauce to make it eatable. 

Never again.
First & last time for me !!! Not so friendly staff (female)! I ordered a 2 piece fish & chips meal  for 9.99 & the fish was very dry .  The fries had good flavor but under cooked. The batter was falling apart as I was eating the fish. The floor by the deep fryers were disgusting as if they pushed all the food that dropped under it. There was no other people in there, that alone tells they suck ! Never again !!!
I feel very welcomed and enjoy the service every time I visit. My friend who requires a Gluten Free diet also loves it. 

The food is excellent and choices are plenty!
Great seafood place. The food is fresh and cooked to order. The staff is pleasant and it has a nice New England feel. 

They use Gluten Free flour and cook in a natural oil so the batter is light and doesn't fill you up or make you feel like you ate a brick. 

You can also choose between white and sweet potato fries. The coleslaw is good but needs some help in the seasoning department. 

The only downside is that you may have to wait a while for your meal if there are a lot of people in front of you. But to me it's worth it for fresh cooked seafood! 

Recommend!
Outstanding!! The food was extremely fresh. Everything we had was not even started until we ordered it. 

We had a chance to meet the owner, Joe Masterson. He took the time to tell us the history of the restaurant and showed an impressive knowledge of seafood from around the world.

My wife had the Whole Fried Belly Clams. They were hand breaded after we ordered them, then fried to perfection. She is from Massachusetts, and was extremely pleased with the authentic taste of these Ipswich Clams. (Very hard to find out west)

I ordered the Shrimp. It was honestly the best I ever had. They remove the tails and  de-vein  them all in house. But just like the Clams, they were not breaded until we ordered them. 

I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in the mood for good fried Clams, Shrimp or anything else on the menu.
Pretty Great Food over there! I'm not really a seafood fanatic, but I've had my share and it tasted Really Fresh. they also serve Chicken Strips And Burgers there for those people who don't eat seafood like myself, so no ones left out. Their Burger was a nice size burger and surprisingly Good, better than what i was expecting! Service there was really nice!!!
When you first walk in it looks a bit small but has a nice mom and pop feel to the place.  I'm not always the biggest fan of fried food but Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips delivered foods that I'd recommend!  The food is glutten-free, which gives the it a nice clean taste to it.  It's not greasy and best of all after my meal, I don't have the rush of food coma that takes over as I normally do with other fried foods. To some it can be consider bland but that's where their amazing dipping sauces of tartar & ranch comes into play.  Also their beverages are quite refreshing especially on a scorching day.  The best value is their all you can eat fish & chips.  You get to try the three types of fish they have along with unlimited seasoned fries (chips).  If you're ever looking for good fish & chips or fried seafood this is the place to be.  Check them out!
Wow! First of all, let me start off by saying: DO NOT get turned off by the fact that this place is 'only' Fish and Chips. Because this is not the case. If you love fish and chips, well this place is for you. If you don't care for fish and chips, there are other things on the menu that you can try. All the food is gluten free and the oil that they use to fry the food - makes the food super light, and not oily at all. I normally eat the blooming onion at Outback Steak House, but upon trying Lay Joe's flowering onion, I realized that Outback's Blooming onion sucks! The seasoning fries that came with my all-you-can-eat fried shrimp was amazing! Super tasty. The fried shrimp was really good and fresh. Our table also ordered the fried clams, and the all-you can-eat fried fish, and Lazy Joe's himself allowed for us to share and try each item. The tartar sauce used for the fish is amazing, but if you're like me and prefer malt vinegar, they have that avaiable too. When ordering the all-can-eat fish, there were three choices. Haddick, Cod, or Catfish. Order the haddick - the taste of the haddock is the best. Not too dry or flaky. The catfish is super juicy but can be a little bland. 

The service was wonderful! Lazy joe's himself was there to cook our food as we ordered it. It is as fesh as it gets. He really knows his stuff explaining which region the clams and shrimp came from. The staff was friendly and acommodating. 

The place felt, upon entering, small and alittle warm. Even though this place was packed, the food didn't take long to make at all. Even for all-you-can-eat. 

Even though the location is a little bit hard to find, and really far  from where I'm at, I would definitely recommend everyone to cone out and try this place.
Joe is worth the 20 min we drove from our hotel. Joe, the owner -- coolest 67 year old Bostonian we have ever met. The man oozes passion for his shop and the food reflects that. Our family of seven devoured our food, and I was on the verge of tears eating the first fried zucchini and mushrooms I've had in four years!  Gluten free foodies will relish eating FRESH fish and chips instead of the frozen stuff we're typically banished to!  A wonderful experience for the whole family. Highly recommend it.
For my husband and i, it wasnt so much the bland taste of the food, which we forgave because it is gluten free, but the staff was a bit unusual for us to truly have an enjoyable meal. Loud, not particularly nice, and looking perhaps as if they had served some time not so long ago. We wont be back.
I was in the mood for Fish and Chips, and I'd been thinking about trying this place since it was so close to my apartment. Big mistake. I ordered the Admiral's combo which includes 3 of your seafood choice, fries, and hush puppies. I had the Cod, the shrimp, and the clams. As soon as I get home I dig in, the first piece I had was a clam strip, and it was NASTY; Mushy, undercooked, and extremely fishy tasting. I move on to the shrimp, which was possibly the best cooked out of everything, and the taste was just ok. Finally, the cod, again, slightly undercooked, still gray in color, not flaky, and the batter completely peeled off as soon as I touched it. The fries were, once again, under cooked and soggy. The hush puppies were tasty, but tiny. Worst part about the whole thing is that after an hour of consuming this meal I started getting cold sweats, stomach aches, and a headache. I hadn't had anything else before or after the lunch, so there's no doubt in my mind that the fish (or the poor preparation of it) from this place caused it. I will not be returning to this "restaurant", and will encourage all my friends, co-workers, and fellow yelpers to do the same.
Stopped in here for dinner yesterday because I was in the mood for fish & chips but didn't feel like driving all the way to Crown & Anchor. 

Now, Joe's fish & chips cannot compare to the crisp, delicious, and authentic fish & chips served at C&A, but they're not bad!

The batter is gluten free - so that's cool if you have special dietary needs. 

My gf and I shared the 3 piece cod fish & chips platter. The fries are absolutely delicious. Get the "special seasoning" on the fries instead of just salt. It's a mixture of sea salt and paprika and a bunch of other stuff. I really really enjoyed the fries. The fish was cooked perfectly, but the batter didn't really do it for me. There wasn't much flavor and I didn't get that crunchy fluffy bliss I was expecting. However, it was fresh and my gf really enjoyed hers.  I am kind of picky. 

The platter also came with hushpuppies, which were really good. 

The service is great. Joe, the owner, was actually the one who took our order and came to our table a few times to make sure we were enjoying everything. Very nice guy and cute little place! 

Next time, I think I'll be trying their fried onion because the table next to us had one and my mouth was watering over it. ;)
Gluten Free Fish & Chips was enough to entice me to try this place. Then the owner, Joe, explained how all the food is hand breaded and cooked to order. The fish is excellent quality stuff from the East Coast. We had an appetizer platter that had Mozzarella Sticks, Onion Rings, Zucchini Fries, and Boneless Buffalo Wings! OMG I haven't had those in years since going gluten free. You would never know these items were Gluten-Free. Almost everything on the menu is gluten free except the hush puppies, some soups, and bread for sandwiches. Put this place on your to do list
I really really wanted to love Lazy Joe's. We've been wanting to try it forever. I'm gluten sensitive and I was craving some yummy fried treats, but these fried goodies were just so-so. The fish was undoubtedly fresh, but the breading was soggy and kind of unappetizing. If I want to eat some calories, I want to make sure it's worth it. They also seemed to be out of the things we wanted to order...onion flower, smoothies...maybe we caught them on a bad day :(
Such a disappointment :(
I was really looking forward to eating here after finding it on Yelp!  My son & I came here today for lunch after his doctor's appointment.  I skipped breakfast because I was expecting to have a big lunch.  I ordered their lobster roll which came with fries & coleslaw, a small corn chowder, and chicken strips for my son.  Fries were soggy, not a single one was crispy; lobster would have been good if they didn't smother it in so much mayo, and the parsley that they sprinkled on top made my stomach turn; clam chowder was nothing special- tasted like it came out of a can.  On a positive note, my son enjoyed the chicken strips but didn't touch his fries, and that's a big shock since fries are his favorite food.  It's been almost two hours since we consumed the food, and sadly both my son & I are beginning to feel nauseas & queasy.  Would not be recommending this place nor would we be returning. :(
First time ordering from here, was in the mood for a lobster roll. The price for a lobster roll is 12$, plus tax comes out to 14$. Didnt mind really paying that as long as i got a good meal and i was very dissapointed the fries were near burnt and the lobster roll was below average and lacked in flavor. I will not be eating here again.
This is a great local business.  Mr. Joe is from the East Coast so that makes him pretty awesome in my book.  When we first arrived, he sat us down, and explained everything to us.  Specials, prices, onion rings made on premise, fries are cut on premise, mozzarella sticks are home made, NE clam chowder wasn't ready yet b/c we were alittle too early, where the fish comes from {Maryland/Gulf of Mexico/Boston}, what he makes, how he does it, how the process works, how long he's been there {almost 5 years}, how old he is {I'm not telling}, his past business {a deli in Cali}. Super friendly guy and not in a creepy way, very very nice homey place.

All you can eat fried cod and shrimp w/ coleslaw, fries, hush puppies {$12.99} add a drink w/ tax just shy of $17.00 and you will be STUFFED to the gills.

He also knows the calories of his items!!!! 75 calories per piece of fish, 120 calories for 4 shrimp, etc!  And he fries in Soy oil to make it as healthy as possible.  We all had a lovely time and sitting down and talking to a fellow Easterner is always a pleasure.

Only thing I can say it was tad warm in the restaurant, so my only suggestion is to turn the A/C down about 5 degrees. 

Lastly, if you a pressed for time, go to their website order, and he'll have it on the table ready for you when you get there :). Not that it takes long but that's the kind of service Joe has at his place. 

And he plays CNN on his TV during lunch hour.
Locally owned and operated - and damn good. Fish was great. Good slaw, great fries. 

Next time I'm going to try the clams. And onion rings.
The only thing was good about this place was the (mature) cashier very nice. The fried soft shell crab and the combo shrimp and catfish  with fries was nasty.I know you're saying how can fried food be nasty??? I wish i could tell you,but it was.
I wanted to like this place more, since the staff are super nice and it's a quaint little spot that felt like locals support on a regular basis.  However, the fish and chips I had wasn't that impressive.  I got the cod but it wasn't as flaky and crisp as I would have liked, and the fries were also soggy.  Maybe it was an off night?  I'd like to check them out again next time I'm in that 'hood!
Four things you're guaranteed at Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips: A sincere welcome, a smile, a gracious farewell, and some darn good fish.

I love me some Lazy Joe's! Anytime I'm running errands in the Southwest I try to put Lazy Joe's on my food-radar. First off, there IS a Lazy Joe. But he's the least lazy Lazy person I know. He not only takes orders and does some of the cooking, he's floating around from table to table talking to his patrons, and not just talking at them at a shallow level... he genuinely wants to know about them, what their background is, what they do... he's looking for a way to connect with them, and often times he finds it, winding into stories of yesterday and how he came up in the business. He's very interesting and treats every customer like a member of his extended family.

The food is a pescaphile's dream! (If you don't know what "pescaphile" means, you may not be one.) The menu includes clams, scallops (delish!) and many non-fish items such as burgers and chicken, which contrary to what Jessica Simpson believes, is not "of the sea" and in no way references tuna. However, if you go to Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips and do not get fish, please check in to your nearest insane asylum, cuz you're a bit off and need professional help.

The past few times I've went, I've been lucky enough to land on their all-you-can-eat fish fry special, which they run Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. The starting round starts with 2 pieces of either cod, haddock, or catfish, six shrimp, and fries. By the time you hit the bottom of your basket, you'll be filled with a sensation of mourning, like, "This delicious fish... these tasty shrimp... they're all gone! NOOOOOOOO! What have I done to deserve this pain and misery?" But fear not! Just let Joe and his staff know, and within minutes, the glory of fried fish is back, and this cycle continues until you profusely sweat fish batter.

Exaggeration? Not by much... it's that good.

It's a tiny bit on the pricey side, but then again, you're getting fish in the desert, so it comes with the territory. I wish they would expand closer to me, but for now, anytime I find myself on the southwest side of the 215, I look for excuses to be near Lazy Joe's.

Stop in and give it a try. Joe will be glad you did. Legitimately glad.
For gluten-free eaters, this place is awesome! It's a bit on the expensive side, but then I wanted to try everything while I had the chance. The location is pretty far from me, so I made the most of it.

The staff was super friendly and the cod was great!! Next time I'll try the chicken, because I miss chicken tenders quite a bit. The mozzarella sticks were a bit salty, but I was still really thankful to have that fried, breaded crunch I missed so much. Obviously, it's different from the batters I used to eat, but it's pretty good.

Thanks for having a great gluten-free place!
Love the fried Catfish...like the fried Haddock...Chicken Tenders are 3 stars at best. Onion rings were not good.

This isn't a fancy place, but neither is fried fish or fried anything.  

Owner operated and definitely worth a visit if you want great fried fish in Las Vegas.
YUM! We were on a trip to the strip as tourists, and had heard about this restaurant. My girlfriend and i are both gluten free, due to intolerance. Fried food? A rarity. We ordered the fish and onion rings, and some shrimp. OMG. It was so amazing. The batter is smooth and crispy, not greasy at all, and has a nice, crunchy finish. No, it's not like beer batter -- it's not supposed to be. It's a wonderful treat. The staff is super friendly and the owner told us the story of his family recipe. Very cool experience. We even reordered another batch, it was that good. :) We walked it off on the way to the bus stop! Note: It's not on the strip -- it takes a couple of buses to get there. But it's worth it.
Gluten free fried food at long last!

I order from here on a weekly basis.  It's true that the fries tend to be a bit soft, but I also know it's harder to make gluten free work just right.

The hush puppies are DELICIOUS!  And the fried shrimp and cod are yummers.
This place was AWESOME! What a big surprise. I love fish and chips and it is hard to beat my favorite place back home in Long Beach.  But this place is definitely a good place to go for fish and chips. Don't let the front facade detour you, walk thru that door and order away. It is so worth it. BUT the best part of the place is JOE. Love it when owners talk to their patrons and connect with them. Loved the conversation Joe. I will be back. And I will send folks to your place.
Pleasantly surprised!

Lazy Joe's has been on my radar for awhile.  Most are excited about the gluten free goodness; I happen to like gluten so I was skeptical.  Lazy Joe proved me wrong.

The flowering onion (like a bloomin' onion) was delicious!  As Joe pointed out, it isn't greasy at all.  It is light, crispy and fantastic.  The fish and chips were great too.  You get to choose from cod, haddock, or catfish.  The cod is where it's at!  It was moist, flaky, perfectly cooked with a slight sweetness the haddock doesn't offer.  Even the hush puppies were good, and I'n not usually a believer.  

The service was impeccable.  Ultra friendly from the second we walked in the door.  The place is quaint and cute.  

Can't wait to return - might save up my appetite for an all you can eat meal!
My family of four went there for dinner the other night.  The employees seemed nice and service was good.  The food?  The food was nothing special, it is bland because they want you to customize it to your taste buds.  What ever.  For what I paid the food should of been better.  Plus why does a family pack of 10 Fish Fillets cost 49.99 with fries, coleslaw and hush puppies, when you cant get 3x 3 fish and chip plates with a 1 fish and chip plate for cheaper than if you buy the family pack?  If I buy the family pack (in other words in bulk) it should be cheaper.  All in all for the price I paid for food it just wasn't that spectacular.  Gluten free shouldn't mean they can gouge you.  I will stick with the non gluten free fish and chips at the Village Inn.
I'm an East Coaster and let me tell you to find good, cheap seafood in Vegas is almost impossible. This hits the nail right on the head. They even have Haddock (a light, flaky, almost buttery fish) this a rarity in Vegas, it's usually subbed out with Cod. This is still a great fish but being from the North Eastern part of the country - there is something nostalgic about Haddock. If you have never tried it, you should. I make special requests as to how I grew up eating my fried Haddock (back home we call it a "fish fry", my New England friends call it a "Haddock roll") It's a piece of fried Haddock on a hot dog bun, my sauce of choice is tartar.  I've also tried the blooming onion, these aren't my favorite they tend to get soggy in the middle. The clam roll is cooked perfectly, crunchy batter, clams are still supple in the middle, personally I like a little more salt in my batter but it's good none the less.
Very friendly staff. Back East feel. The steamers were fresh & hot. Fish taste is excellent! Can't beat it! Definately coming back.
Gluten free fried goodness! This is what I think every time I eat here. They have gluten free fried fish & chips and also onion rings. Their prices are super reasonable too! Located on rainbow & 215 area it's a great location. 
Also the employees are super nice. I suggest everyone to try this hidden gem!
Had breakfast across the parking lot at New Day Cafe and asked about Lazy Joes. They said its good give it a try. So my wife and I tried it that evening and was pleasantly surprised with the menu. Ended up talking with the owner (Joe) and cook and he told us what makes them differ from other restaurants. Very nice owner and staff and made us feel very welcome. Food was excellent and will be a returning customer!
this is really close to my house and decided to try it on a friday night after work. the restaurant is known for its gluten free batter which is perfect for people with gluten allergies or trying to avoid gluten. on the negative side though the fish dont taste as good with the gluten free batter. they have no crispy taste when you bite into them and is completely flavorless. i tried all three types of fish they had. the cod was my favorite that is your normal fish you usually get when your order fish and chips. the haddock was a meatier type of fish but the texture was too dry for me. the swordfish was a softer kind of fish but it crumbles when you bite into them cause of how soft it is. i also tried the shrimp which was ok...like i said the gluten free batter just doesnt taste as good. even though the all you can eat is only $14 i dont think i would go back, it just wasnt satisfying.
How an East Coast -er likes his Fish and Chips is a very personal thing.  I think we're all looking for what we grew up eating, and that is what brought me to Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips last night.  I did not find my childhood memory but,  I believe the experience myself and friends had at Lazy Joe's is just the beginning of a lot of new memories.  The fish was delicious, lightly breaded and NOT greasy at all!  Too many fish and chip spots in this town serve deep fried fish dripping in grease!  The fish choices on the menu are wonderful, haddock, cod, catfish!  The shrimp was delicious and fresh and the full bellied ipswitch clams were incredible!!!! And, if the fact that the food was so good isn't enough, I have to say the hospitality was over the top!  Not the waiter, because there is none.  You order food at the cash register and it is delivered to your table.  It's the friendliness of the owner Joe, and his staff.  I don't think I have felt more welcome in any recent visit to any restaurant in quite a while.   It is a small storefront restaurant with only a few tables.  The only downside to this restaurant is it's lack of liquid refreshment variety.  They offer sweet, yucky, soft-drinks, and not much more to a menu that deserves a beer or a nice dry Chardonnay!
Had the Lobsta Roll.  It was tasty, but not too memorable.  It was very pricey and I would not drive across town to try it again.
Ok this is not going to be good. I had a craving for fish & chips and this place is close to me so I decided to try it. There was another customer in there waiting on her order and I was at the register viewing the menu to see what to try when out of the corner of my eye I see a bug crawling up the wall. The other customer also saw it and brought it to the lady behind the counter's attention but she was acting dumb till I said out loud "Its right here" pointing at it. Not even an I'm sorry or nothing. I left disgusted!
Hands down my favorite place for fish and chips. Everything tastes fresh and not oily. My favorite dish is the Lazy Joe Lobster Roll. It's so good with fries. I come here at least 2 a month. Days when I don't order the Lobster Roll I order the Appertizer Sampler Platter. SO GOOD!!!
Its hard to find good fish in vegas and this place is really good. Like the fish better then crown and anchor. Oysters were amazing! Definitely coming back to try the 
soft shell crab!! My husband loved the fish and said the shrimp was yummy as well. The staff is also very friendly and the place is clean. Kudos guys!
You guys. This place is exciting.

I've been to vegas a gazillion time since being diagnosed with celiac and going gluten free; I'm not sure how this wasn't on my radar until now! (Thanks find me gluten free app!) I was perfectly fine with trying to find prime rib downtown, and my boyfriend suggested looking - so so happy he did. It's definitely not the easiest to get to for people staying on the strip or downtown, but if you have access to a car or are willing to pony up 30 bucks or so for a cab ride over - you.must.go.

I had the sampler platter, which means - and I'm serious - gluten free fried everything!!! I chose mushrooms, zucchini, chicken, and mozzarella sticks. The mozzarella sticks and chicken were absolutely amazing. My boyfriend had fish and chips, which were also good. And the staff and owner were so friendly!! Hooray lazy joe's!
Awesome staff and great first
Chips and fish experience!! :)
So I was craving a Good fish and chips and I thought hmm how about the fish place next to Faustos. I looked at their menu online and at first was turned off by their prices however I wanted what I wanted. I got 3 of the first mate dinners. All with cod, one with shrimp and the other with scallops the last all cod. For $12.99 you get a choice of 2 out of 5 seafood choices, fries, 2 hush puppies and some coleslaw. I didn't want my scallops deep fried and the owner who was very nice ask me if I would like them Pan Seared and I was very happy and pleased as I accepted his offer.  I also wanted to treat my kid to a fun drink so I got a $1.89 bottle of some locally made root beer. Neither one of us enjoyed the root beer... The carbonation tasted stale and it had a bad aftertaste. So our food is ready and I proceed to drive 3 minutes to my home.  I get home and the food Looks Amazing!  The fries were homemade, a little salty but good. I think if they did the double fry method they wouldnt be so dark and would taste better. The fish quality was superb tender, flaky and juicy and the crust was different but cool. The only quams about the seafood was its total lack of seasoning.  There has to be a little to help enhance the natural flavors. The cole slaw was also.flavorless, mayonaissy cabbage. They need to pick up the flavors in their cole slaw, I think a bit of dill relish and some black pepper and Bam! I didnt care for the tartar sauce, it was sweet and I prefer a more savory tartar sauce, in fact a savory sauce would have complimented the fish better.   My hushpuppies were tiny a little over cooked on the outside and little under cooked on the inside BUT THE TASTE WAS DELICIOUS. I really enjoyed them. Now remember those scallops he was going to pan sear for me, in garlic and butter no less, not SEARED at All! The sear would have been perfect to compliment the texture of the scallops. They were not very seasoned either but tender and not overcooked.  I think if they took a chance and made some better culinary executions, that this place would be packed all the time. At first I was upset at the flavorless fish than I read the reviews and saw it was gluten free. Ah haaa I said however Gluten free doesn't mean taste free. Celtic sea salt is healthy and flavorfull and good for you. I finished half my meal, my kid too and my brother ate the whole thing. The quality of the food is Amazing the execution needs a bit more love. At the end of the meal all I kept saying was how I should have ordered the Lobster Roll. For gluten free I think the quality is great and should be packed with gluten free people. There was only one couple eating there and as we were waiting a man came in to eat. Update the interior design, makr a few key culinary decisions and Voil I bet they would be the next hit Vegas place on diners driveins and dives!
Food was delicious. Service left a little to be desired. When we walked in we were the only one in there. The man behind the counter seemed a little more interested in the soap opera on TV than explaining the menu. It was our first time there so we were still figuring it all out. Other than the service the food was AWESOME. I will definitely go back! I can't wait to try the clam chowder!
After my visit to Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips tonight, I won't be returning.

I ordered a 2 item combo plate, which came with 5 shrimp, 5 whole belly clams, 2 hush puppies, fries, and cole slaw.  I also tried the lobster roll.

This place must live on the novelty of being "gluten free", because that's the only reason I can see to eat there.  For those of us who can eat gluten, the batter is anything but flavourful.  I'd describe it as bland, with a "mealy" texture; and certainly not the nice crispy texture you'd want if you're craving fried seafood.  I understand that those with gluten allergies will love this place on principle, but this is definitely a case where everyone else suffers.  They DO have whole belly clams, so that is a plus.  However, you have to tolerate the gross batter in which they're fried.  Talk about taking a good thing and ruining it completely!!

On the flip side, the lobster roll had way too much seasoning, especially the SALT!!  It was literally like eating a salt lick on a dried out, toasted, New England style hot dog bun.  It had lots of fillers, too.  It was stuffed with lettuce and celery; not something anyone in New England would tolerate in a lobster roll.  Of course, that didn't matter, since you couldn't even remotely taste the lobster with the entire mixture tasting like it had been prepared on a big block of salt.

When the gentleman behind the counter asked how everything tasted, I did bring the saltiness of the lobster salad to his attention.  I asked him if he made his lobster salad for the rolls in big batches, and he said yes.  I advised that he ought to taste it, as the salt levels were extremely unbearable.  He then proceeded to tell me that another customer had commented on the salt level, and that this particular batch they "got in" seemed "saltier than usual."  Thus, it seems that they actually don't "make" their lobster salad in big batches, but rather "get it in" in big batches.

However, the biggest faux pas wasn't the extreme saltiness of the mixture, but rather the complete lack of any effort to "make it right" with me, the customer.  All I got was a gruff, "sorry," and that was that.

I used to live in Boston.  I know what good "East Coast" seafood is supposed to be like.  This is NOT it!!

P.S. I saw three high chairs in the restaurant.  ALL THREE OF THEM HAD BROKEN STRAPS.  If you have a little one who fidgets a lot, then note that you won't be able to properly strap them in at the table.
I was disappointed with the bland taste of the fish and shrimp. The breading had no flavor at all. The fish and shrimp portions were small. When I asked for lemon, the lemons were sliced tiny as well. The service was good and the place was clean.
There is really nothing better that Lazy Joe's! The food is so great and the majority of the staff have been around since it opened and that to me is impressive. The owner and his family treat their customers like family. I can safely eat gluten free here. the fries are fresh cut, the batter is a corn based batter and although they don't season it my non gluten free husband still likes it (although he adds the non gluten free malt vinegar to his). It's so great to be able to have onion rings, fried mushrooms, AMAZING chicken strips, breaded fish and so much more. My parents who aren't gluten free also prefer Lazy Joe's to other fish and chip restaurants in the valley so I know it's not just the gluten free thing that keeps me coming back. The food is just really great and fresh! Their tartar sauce, marinara sauce and ranch are also really flavorful and they have the best coleslaw. I only wish they had gluten free hush puppies and were open on Sunday's. For me it's about a 25 minute drive to reach them but it's absolutely worth it! : )
The oysters were the best, the regular cut fries tasted excellent, but received bits and cuts. The steamers were an excellent value. Staff was very nice, but overpriced for bits and pieces of cod fish & fries. More surprisingly, we waited forever like 45 minutes for our order at 8 pm when it wasn't busy. Will not go back.
I went here with my parents and daughter.  We decided to try this place out because I saw an article in Desert magazine.  I love belly clams.  I only had them on the east coast.  It was so delicious!  I also had the haddock.  The parents also had the haddock and clams.  My daughter had the chicken fingers.  

Joe was there the night we went.  He took our order and served us.  He is a nice gentleman.  He stopped to talk to us when he found out my mom is from the New England area.  We will be back!
I visited Lazy Joe's the other night, as I had heard they had good chowder. It turns out they don't serve it in the summer, so we had fish.  I didn't know what to expect, as some of the reviews I had read weren't that good regarding gluten free etc. I'm glad I like to find out for myself. My husband had cod fish and chips, I had clam strips, and everything was delicious. Joe and staff are so friendly and helpful. I'm going back tonight!  It was amazing that nothing tasted greasy, as is usually the case with fried food. My clams were tender and tasty. The hush puppies are delicious too, and cole slaw very good. This is a no frills, friendly neighborhood place with really good food. I just recommended it to two other people.
Food gets  a 5 star hands down.  I'm a little surprised from the things people are writing, but then again, this is yelp, I shouldn't be surprised at this point.

The fish is fried, but it's not a heavy batter, it's light and everyone liked it a lot.  The timing is obviously right when they fry it because the fish was perfectly flaky, not a second over cooked.  I also got the lobster roll.  It seemed small at first, but it's because the roll it's on is small. There is plenty of lobster salad on it.  I liked it this way, more meat than bun.  This was actually my favorite, they have a unique take on it.

My one advice to the restaurant, the place can be a little cleaner.  The tables and chairs are sticky, and the sauces are sticky as well.  The food is amazing though, I will give them that.

I will be coming back, I love mom and pops like this.  I wish I could have tried their clam chowder!  I bet it would be good, but there was no soup when I went.

I still like you Joe, even though you're lazy (haha).
Fast and friendly. Hush puppies were delicious! Fish was so so not a lot of flavor but much better with vinegar drenched on top. Fries need a redo, I did not care for them at all.
this place is awesome lobster roll is great just wish itwas bigger the shrimp n chips amazzzzing
Not to bad, took a few minutes for my taste buds to get used to the idea of putting a gluten free option into my mouth but was pleasantly surprised.

The aroma as you walk in is overwhelming frier oil. Joe should definitely consider a better ventilation system to allow fresh air to be cycled in and eliminate the stale frier air that is thick and heavy making you second guess your decision to dine here. 

Once past all that the food is fresh, flavorful and down right delicious. The wait staff was friendly and interactive. One noticed my Fianc was struggling due to a recent surgery and waited on us hand and foot. 

I will be back to try the blacken chicken.
There is no better Seafood place in Vegas than Lazy Joe's, hoping that he expands to North Las Vegas, be a lot closer for me, and many more New England transplants that live here...Would be going to Lazy Joe's more often if there was a place closer...
The fish is awesome...the shrimp is ok...the lobster roll is not good!!!  It is the smallest thing ever with very little lobster in it and very little flavor!  The place is also very pricey and the prices are more than what they have listed on their site.  The clam chowder tastes very bland and floury as well.  Go for the all you can eat fish...but stick with that!
The best fish and chips I've had in Las Vegas.  Sadly it's 20 miles from my home but that doesn't keep me from coming back whenever I can.   I've been here many times and always leave satisfied.

The place is clean and the staff is friendly.  Joe always makes sure you are taken care of and have whatever you need.   Everything is cooked to order, but worth the wait.  The majority of the items on the menu are gluten free if that matters to you.   I mean it's still deep fried.  

The fries are particularly tasty.  Cut and cooked just right and make sure you get them seasoned.   These might be some of the best deep fried potatoes in the area.

Joe offers 3 different kinds of fish - cod, haddock, and catfish.   I've had them all and they are all terrific.   Haddock is probably my favorite but I usually mix it up.  It's a personal preference and you really can't go wrong here. 

On Weekends they offer an all you can eat special of fish and shrimp.   I think for most people the first serving - 2 pieces of fish, several shrimp, fries, slaw, and hushpuppies will be more than enough.   I usually don't need seconds on the AYCE and I bring my appetite.  You might save a few bucks just getting the fish and shrimp combo.   

I just wish it was closer to my house.   Seriously if you are in the area, check this place out.
Where have i been? Apparently not on that side of town. My friend and i have been looking for a place that had fried fish here and finally have found it. And its not too far from my home thats even better. NOW what caught my eye was the all you can eat fish and shrimp, which is only on friday and saturday. Come hungry, you wont leave disappointed. The variety of fish is also appealing, catfish, haddock, cod wow and the owner gave us samples of the  onion rings!!
 Everything hand dipped and fried to order, those onion rings were the most perfect golden delicious ones i have had.
Gluten free sweet,  the aroma itself had me sold but the food backed it up and i can say Lazy Joes have a fan in me and he will see me again and again. Seeing the menu and the weekly specials that they have all very affordable..OH and the hush puppies, shut up are the bomb.I'll be back fo sure.
Food was average, the cod was pretty juicy but THE SHRIMP was "sorry"! And they dont have halibut.. .bummer! And  their workers were ok except this one old lady, shes got this "if u dont know what you want then go home" attitude...she must woke up from the wrong side of her bed lol, or maybe shes just too old to work in a resturant...i think shes needs to stay home before anything bad happens to her... lmfao!!! Over all clean and simple layout, open style kitchen was great, probably the only fish n chips joint within 5miles radius from the houses we recently bought. If u live there i guess itll get the job done if ur craving for fish n chips. But watch out for that grumpy ass old lady lol.
A nice little local place, everyone was super friendly.  Love that their batter is gluten free.  I had the haddock, it was just a hair overcooked, but not so much that I didn't like it.  My husband had the cod and shrimp and liked them very much.  The coleslaw was a little bland, but my personal preference is a zippier coleslaw.  The seasoned fries were great.  This is a nice place run by nice people, I'll definately be back.
Went there a few months ago, hungry for fish and chips. Having been a fisher person from the west coast and catching and cooking my own Cod I know what fresh cold tastes like. To me this was just OK. Had the haddock, cod and shrimp, Shrimp very little and not much cod or haddock. Small servings. My friend and I were the only 2 people in the restaurant at the time. Like I said OK but maybe it was the batter and the small portions for the price. I would not go back. Still looking for the best in town.
Fresh food! Fast service! Very friendly staff.. so far the best fish&  chips place I have found in las vegas!
You guys, I cannot begin to express the joy I experienced upon finding this place!!! I have not had fried ANYTHING upon receiving my celiac diagnosis (brutal I know) and am on vacay here in Vegas when I found this little gem, the fish was PERFECT, crispy batter,tender flaky fish, crazy good! And to not get sick!?!? PRICELESS!!! You're missing out if you don't check this place out!!!
Dear Lazy Joe and family and friends and employees of Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips and all reading this review, I am glad Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips is open 6 days a week (everyday except Sunday). I have tasted the cod, the haddock, and the catfish which I liked very much for its simplicity and texture and I like the counter-order, neighborhood come-as-you-are atmosphere. I really liked the seasoned fries, Cole Slaw and tartar sauce. I especially like the price (all you can eat on Friday and Saturday all day). I really, really like that your staff seems to be treated like family, and your customers are too.

To those people who don't like your batter, who don't like that you are closed on Sunday, who have no appreciation for the hard work you and your staff put into every meal... To those people, Lazy Joe, I say "forget about it" and I say you should "forget about them"!

Lazy Joe, your restaurant is an anchor of the neighborhood. Your staff deserve respect. Your food is legit. And that's why this review is 5-stars. Because, Lazy Joe, you deserve 5-star reviews for the hard work and decency you and your staff put into each and every single meal.

And the rest of 'em can K1CK R0CKS!
Hush puppies are delicious. Food is cooked to order. However, the rest of my meal wasn't very good. I ordered the cod and chips. The cod tasted like it was a frozen fillet that they had thawed then battered. The fish was a little bit rubbery. Fries were a little dark and over seasoned. Tatar sauce was bland too. They had one guy running taking the orders and cooking so perhaps that was the reason why my experience was sub par. Dissapointment.
It's unfortunate that a cash register runs a buisness rather than an employee running the register. They take your money first then forget about your order as they figure out a $1:12 discount  for the next guest then they over cook my 20 dollar clams then when serving them ask me if they are too over cooked. Of course they were. I had to leave and could not wait for them to cook another order. I certainly didn't have time to wait for the whole staff to figure out how to give me my money back. To say the least they should take your order cook your food then collect money. That will give them more time to figure out the register after we leave. They drove away a semi regular and word of mouth just took a turn for the worse.
Worst fish and chips you will ever eat. No taste at all. I Google them on my cell phone just because my daughter wanted to eat fish and chips before we head to Los Angeles. 3 pieces of fish and little chips cost us $14.92 not worth the drive and taste.
Fish don't have any flavor on it just little baked flour with no taste.. I drove 16 miles off my way to go there. Not worth it. Very expensive and not worth the taste. 
Plus point: Customer service was good


Dont go to this place until or unless you don't care about the taste.
I don't get it. ITs AWFUL!!  Tried two times with my husband and on our second visit, we actually left most of the food, it was that bad. I had the shrimp basket special and got tiny pieces of shrimp covered in awful batter.  Fried shrimp is big, juicy shrimp; not weird cut up pieces. AWFUL! And...  It's NOT cheap for what you get. The place is a dump. It's not even cool kitsch: it's thrown together island motif gone very bad. Tables are sticky and unclean. The oil they are frying in tastes old. And the fish IS NOT fresh. You can just tell. I really really wanted to like it. But it's realllllllly bad. I just don't get some of these glowing reviews.
Growing up commercial fishing in New England this place provides an authentic taste of home. Before coming I had a little concern but one taste and I was at home and will be back. Keep it up guys, you rock!
Lazy Joe had a very mom and pops feel to it. This location was started by a man "who wanted great fish and just couldn't find it!" He created Lazy Joes. I know this because he came over to the table and told us.

We got the fresh fish mix. The fish was very fresh! Cat fish and cod were my favorites. We had a side of delicious coleslaw and fries.

Salt and vinegar on the fries is a must! I recommend stopping by and getting some fresh fish and chips at Lazy Joes!
The food was delicious. The service was great. I really enjoyed it.  Best hush puppies I've ever had.  The seasoned French fries were awesome.  This is the first time I've had good fish like that, in Las Vegas.
Lazy's Joe's was absolutely fantastic!

Before visiting Vegas I researched what restaurants were gluten free and Celiac safe, so we tried this place.  They're educated and genuinely concerned about gf food and safety against cross contamination.  It was so amazing to delicious and safe food!  

So much love for you guys :)
I love their food, just wish they would drain/sop the oil off the fries prior to serving them.
I was reading the menu outside Lazy Joe's when a couple came out and told me to just go in because everything was good. That was enough to convince me. The place is tiny with kitschy, somewhat poorly-decorated island decor but it has a homey feel and the people that worked there seemed friendly enough and proud of their food. 

I ordered the catfish and chips combo. My first thought was, "This is edible but hands down the worst fish and chips I've ever tried."  The fries were tired looking and when I took a bite of the fish, the fish completely separated from the batter like all the filling falling out of a hot pocket. A really thin hot pocket. Was definitely not a fan of the bland batter and the fish. I didn't realize until I got home and read more reviews (I couldn't imagine Yelp steering me so wrong) that the restaurant is supposedly gluten-free. Thinking back, those hush puppies weren't bad for gluten-free. Well, OK. If I had a severe wheat allergy or celiac disease, I would rate this place 3 stars because kudos to them for serving gluten-free. But as an ordinary wheat-laden batter-loving individual, it would unfortunately score lower.
OK so  I just have to set something straight: The people who are giving this place bad reviews are complaining because they don't know this is all gluten free, except for a few items.  Of course Gluten-Free food will definitely be different than gluten filled food, i.e. the breading on the fish and chips will not be as crispy or thick as at other places.  That being said to the Gluten-Free eater this place is awesome.  It has great customer service, both mom and pop here were very kind, and the Fish and Chips was awesome even to non-Gluten-Free standards.  My wife had the lobster roll and I had a taste of it and it was great.  Now the fries were a little greasy but its a little restaurant not a huge fast food chain, so this was ok too.  I would definitely come back here and look forward to trying out all the other Gluten-Free items like the Fried Calamari.  To make clear, even to non Gluten-Free standards this place still rocks!
Last month while visiting las vegas I got this craving for some deep fried food, and not the chain restaurant type. I wanted the kind you find in a ma and pop order at the counter restaurant. So I yelped fish and chips las vegas and this place popped up. After reading the mixed reviews we decided to give it a shot. We hit a winner. The cod I ordered was fried to a golden brown, moist and flaky. Shrimp was also very tasty. The French fries are fresh cut and very good. In addition to the usual dipping sauce they have a house sauce, this dipping sauce is really good. Ask for it. Joe the owner and Frank who cooked our meal to perfection are very friendly and provide great service. We will return.
My friend was crashing and needed a bite to eat before getting a massage down the mall so we ventured into this place. The calamari was decent, the fried tasty and the hush puppies were EXCELLENT. The people working there were pleasant. I don't live around here, so I won't be back anytime soon, however, the next time I am in Vegas and  getting a massage at Far East, I will come into Lazy Joe's and order three orders of hush puppies!
It's just okay,  alittle greasy and the fish isn't very high in quality,  reminds me of frozen fish sticks.
Just an update for dairy-free folks. There was a miscommunication. When I asked if it was diary free, they said yes... referring to the batter. Unfortunately, they still dip everything in milk to make the batter stick. I don't know why they didn't think to mention this. Still great people, but you would think after countless times of me saying "I'm dairy free, so no coleslaw" that they would think to mention that everything is dipped in milk! Still really nice people, though.
First impression was...cool a Mom & Pops kind of place. I'm from New England and thought yum, fried clams, fish & chips. Fries were not so good, overcooked! Had two pieces of fish. One was overcooked and the other was fine. Everything tasted like old grease to me. My husband liked the fried clams and cole slaw and hush puppies. He thought it was kind of old grease too.
Didn't like the idea of the cooks bare hands handling my fish when it was dropped into the deep fat fryer especially since he had just taken money from a customer at the register for an order. YUCK, wished I hadn't have seen that. Please wear gloves!!!!! All Cooked orders were handled with tongs...that's good.
Won't be going back but glad we tried it.
I really enjoy this place for a few reasons: 
1.  I am originally from Rhode Island and the sea food on the west coast tastes bland.  So, apart from everything else, the quality of food that they make their dishes with is enough for me to give five stars.
2.  My daughter has celiacs disease.  It is near impossible to find a place that will make a four year olds favorite food without worrying if they understand what gluten-free really means.  
3.  The prices are affordable.  Sure, from the outside this looks like another strip mall greasy spoon but the food is so good and the owners are really invested in making your experience great.  It reminds me of home and I will definitely be coming back and recommending this place.

One small issue (it's just a personal taste one), the lobster rolls are made with onions and celery.  I WISH it was just mayonnaise but unfortunately most people love a little crunch in their lobster roll. 

Thanks again Joe's!!
lazy Joes is an awesome place with green options for fried food! It is so delicious!!!!!!
update since our last visit: too expensive and not worth the value or visit for bland steamers, oysters, and bits of fries.
Went for the fried Ipswich clams and they were very, very good, thus the four stars.  Hush puppy's were also very good.  Cole slaw was O.K. and the fries were not good.  Thinking the oil wasn't hot enough, greasy and limp.  Staff was very friendly and the place was very clean and comfortable.
I decided to try the resturant after passing by it a couple of time. The food was Long John Silver quality of food so it would have derserved 3 stars. The only issue is i have been sick for the last two days after the fried fish and oysters.
It's family style... As soon as we walked in, it smelled really good. From looking at the menu, the price is a bit high. I ordered the Tuesday Special and it was Yummy... I will definitely come back.
Very disappointed, the chips were just awful, very greasy and floppy, they. Just looked and tasted bad. The fish was nice, but so small, the size and shape of a hot dog, put that with the 2 hush puppies and it just looked rude. The staff were just not interested in serving, and it all just appeared that he didn't want to serve the 2 customers that he had, over all very expensive, With poor service. The name says it all!
I Absolutely loved every bite of my Fish (cod) and Chips,  it was amazing GOOD!   Everything is Fresh.   They cut up the potatoes for the chips daily and make the cole slaw daily   I was impressed and can't wait to go back !  I give it 100 stars
Was super excited to try this place and I was very disappointed. It smelled really great walking in and the menu looked great and so did the food. We ordered appetizers which had calamari, onion rings, cheese stick, and buffalo style wings. Hen we had fish plates all around that came with catfish, codfish, fries, hush puppies, and shrimp. The shrimp were super small which they were way bigger on the menu. Looks were deceiving from menu to actual plate. There was absolutely no flavor in any of the batters. Was very expensive in my opinion for what I got. Service was great and so is selection but the food just did not impress at all.
Gluten free fish and chips? Wow! So exciting!  Customers for two years and never disappointed. The little ones have the kid fish plates and shrimp, the adults love the haddock. Great sauces and cole slaw too! The owners are great and always so welcoming.
Hands down the best fish and chips in Las Vegas.....the lobster roll and steamed clams are also spectacular. 
Make sure you go during their All You Can Eat Special on Friday and Saturday!
Also take a minute to visit with the shops namesake, Joe....very very nice man.
I think this mom and pop restaurant is awesome! The food is great, I had the lobster roll with the clam streamers. Granted not huge compared to something you get at the coast, but living in las Vegas. It'll help cure the ache until you can hit the coast.
This place has been here for over 25 years. They have had good times and bad times. Right now must be a good time. 

The place look great, fresh and clean. 
The service was ok but the manager dude was great. 
The food was good and they have some decent choices now. 

We had a fish plate with 2 big filet's, slaw, frys and hush puppies. I had 2 fish tacos and lobster bites. 

The plate was shared by both kids and they eat the majority of it and liked it. I had the tacos and while there are no good fish tacos in AZ these did alright. I would prefer not so crusty breading though. The lobster bites are fantastic but be sure to share them as the butter flavor get a little over powering and gross after 15 or so. 

Over all it is better the McDonald's and cheaper.
Hands down, Long John Silvers has the best fried fish and I'm not joking. I've been going there since I was a kid, and I've never been disappointed, and that's coming from someone who doesn't really like fish. The fish is of great quality and the crispy batter is delicious. The cole slaw is also tasty. The one thing that could be improved upon are the fries, but the hushpuppies kind of make up for that.

This particular location is very clean, and has a fun nautical diner-like interior. The manager of the place is super nice and always greets me and my family when we come in. I just wish the location was closer to home--they need to open some LJS restaurants in Scottsdale!
Fried LJS is always great, but not healthy of course.
The baked fish entrees are yummy, and healthier.  But portions are barely enough. I wish they would put out coupon sheets in the mail or newspaper more often like they used to. Prices are a little high for the meals that come with drinks.  10% corporate discount is nice, even though some of the personnel have to be reminded that it is still valid.  The managers always approve it.  Usually the restaurant is very clean.  I wish they had the small ice cubes that look like rabbit droppings. They changed it some time ago and now it is boring plain ice.
Overall, a good place.  Prices just a little high.
This might be the scariest long john silvers on the planet. Its right next to a sleezy check cashing place, so there are a ton of interesting people in the parking lot. The manager was super cool and hooked us up with a bunch of hats for our pirate party.
Martin Mull is trying to seduce Terri Garr and she ain't having it!  Oops, must turn off TV to write about delicious $.99 fish tacos at the great, wonderful, fantastic LJS!  If you don't like fish or are put off by the smell, have no fear, batter and oil are here.  And if you've had a hush puppie you know what heaven tastes like.  Well maybe not heaven, but 65,000 ft or so...  Good fries also.
I wasn't expecting a five star dining experience, but this place is disgusting. The food may even be worse than Jack in the Box and you're better off eating the food at the bottom of your freezer from years ago! My dad even told me that when he used to work there, there was a grease bubble that popped in the kitchen onto the wall and the peeled it off and put it into the fryer. Never going back. EVER.
I knew I shouldn't have stopped.  All my other visits over the years had been terrible but I was really craving fried shimp and couldn't imagine how they could screw it up.  Well...$8 later after eating 3 flavorless greasy shrimp and picking at the fish I threw it away because I knew I was going to throw up if I ate any more.  It was THAT bad.  Where is the corporate or owner quality control on this product and to make it worse the cashier was an idiot lost in his own world - What's a combo...dah it's a number 9 with chicken.  OK what's a number 9?
This LJS is decent. Service was okay, but a bit slower than I expected. The food came out fairly well.
Not a five star experience but please tell me what fast food place is.
The food is always well made and hot. It takes some extra time especially if you are in drive thru and they really don't give you enough sauce. 

Regardless I will go here once a month or so, its a reasonable amount of food at a decent price to feed my little family.

P.S. The batter crunchies are AWESOME
Long John Silvers is a great place for fried fish.  

Do yourself a favor and sign up for their text messaging promotions.  Great deals for whenever you are in the mood for fried fish.
Always hot food. 
Staff is friendly.
Waited 30 minutes for my "fast food" when I did get it my hush puppies and fries were soggy.
Sometimes you just need some fish!!!!  When I have the craving for fish( in a timely manner) I go to Long John Silvers.  Not only is it good but you get allot of it.
Hubby found himself with a sudden craving for Lon John Silver's, and turns out this is the one closest to us. He thought there was one by the Harkins North 16 but it seems that has been gone  for a few years now...
So we made the trip to this one.
Service was good, food was OK. Place was clean.
We got the 2 meals for $10, and we both selected the fish and chicken plate.
The only things were that they were out of tartar sauce and we had to wait a while to have it refilled. Also, I asked for lemons or limes and I was utterly surprised when they got me some plastic packets... yes, I am that naive, I was expecting real life lemons, but that says more about me than about them.

Bottom line, if we find ourselves again with a crave for greasy fish, this will be our destination... : )
If you are in the mood for their fish, shrimp or chicken, this is one of the best locations I have found. 

Very nice and friendly staff, they do an excellent job and take care of people here. Also have signed up for the text messages and that gets you freebies, which makes it even better!
When I was growing up long john silver was a weekday event we always looked forward to. Then unfortunately there were no more around. Fast forward years later and the combo KFC/LJS shows up In my area of Raleigh,NC. I was thrilled till I are there and found it not to be anything like I remember. 
Now in Phoenix I thought I would give it one more try.
So happy to report this one does it right! It always clean and the staff is friendly with oldies playing which I know my husband enjoys that gives a warm feel to this place.
On to the food- it's fresh perfectly cooked from my favorites of chicken, shrimp and fish to items such as baked cod. If you like seafood but didn't think you could find it in fast food this is the place. I consider it my weekly calorie splurge that doesn't break my bank account.
Fish and chips isnt my favourate take away in the world.

The fish is usually greasy, and a bit old - having sat in those little warm glass case things for ages before you turn up and buy it.

There is however, somewhere which does things differently, and much to its credit.

Newington Traditional Fish Bar cooks everything fresh in front of you - not only do you know that the food hasnt been sat there for a couple of hours, but it tastes better as well and is far less greasy. The chips are crispy and fluffy and everything else is very intising indeed.

The trouble is that freshly cooking fish for each person who comes in takes its time, meaning that you are waiting around for a while, but it also costs money, and its not cheap.

If you are really into fish and chips, and want good tasting and fresh food, then this is the place for you.
If this place were to ever close, Edinburgh would be a much worse place to live.

Yes, it's greasy. And yes, you eat your food out of a cardboard box. But it's so worth it. These guys make the best chips I think I've ever had in my life, so much so that I can barely remember much about the fish that came with them. What's more, they have a great habit of accidentally giving you double the number of portions you asked for, which can never be a bad thing in my book.

I know everyone claims to know the best chippy around, but I don't care what anyone says. This is it. In fact, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's quite pricey. Absolutely worth the money though.
The Newington Traditional Fish Bar is probably my favourite local business on Clerc Street.  The owner assured me that I wouldn't taste fish as fresh as this at any chippy for miles around and I can definitely believe him.  He conveyed a genuine passion about the quality of the fish which he used and he only fries it for each customer upon order, thus your food hasn't been sitting around for an hour before its even served.  What's more the chips are amazing, crispy and fluffy without the grease and resultant lethargy you get in you stomach afterwards.  
The quality is undoubtedly exceptional, however, it does come at a price.  It is about 3.50 for a moderate portion of fish and chips.  Further, there's about a five to ten minute wait for the food because it is being fried to order.  
Nevertheless, good things are worth waiting for.
Every time I have a visitor from home, they all want to try fish and chips- and I never really knew where to take them that was decent.

That was until this bad boy came on to Clerk Street. Undoubtedly some of the best fish and chips I have had in Edinburgh. The fish is fresh and the chips are great. Sure it's a little greasy but that's British fast food to you. 

This place is always popular with the locals and the students and understandably so- now there is no debate where to go for good ol' fish and chips in cardboard boxes.
"Getting a Newington" has become quite a common phrase amongst myself, my flatmates and any one who has spent any significant time at our flat.  Located just down the road from us on South Clerk Street, this is the best fish and chips I have ever had. 

What stands out particularly are the chips. Never before have I ever had such perfectly cooked chips and I doubt I will ever find somewhere that does them better. I don't know what their secret is, but they are certainly worth of all the awards they have received for them. 

One other thing that stands out is the fact that, no matter what time you go, your food will always be made fresh to order. On too many occasions I have stumbled into a nearby chippy on the way back from a visit to the pub and been presented with a supper which has been sitting in the counter for hours.  But here, they make a point of making everything fresh.  

The staff are great.  The owner is always up for a chat and often I have been the only customer and I haven't noticed the wait for my meal at all due to his company. While the prices are a touch higher than you'd find elsewhere, the superior quality far outweighs this. Also, the portions are huge and sure to satisfy any appetite. Be sure to check out the weekly special, a smaller yet still sizeable supper for 1.99 that changes each week. Brilliant.
This take-out on Clerk Street, which oddly calls itself a bar, is always advertising daily specials at really cheap prices (mostly around and under 2!)
I've only eaten here after a night out, but it's perhaps useful to know that this particular evening ended a little earlier than usual, so the fish bar will be closed if one were looking to buy something after 2am. I decided to go for the seemingly safe option and ordered some fish and chips, which was ALRIGHT... If I'm hungry after a night out and the food wasn't absolutely mind-blowing, it must have been quite mediocre. Then again, I haven't had too much luck with Edinburgh fish and chips, so I my bar wasn't too high.
Bearing in mind how close Edinburgh is to the coast is is a crime that the chippies in the city are generally terrible. The fish is bland and over battered and the chips are soggy and coated in that sewage that claims to be Edinburgh sauce (a satanic brew of brown sauce and vinegar). But not here. The Newington Traditional Fish Bar is bucking the trend by actually being really good. 

The fish is excellent; they have the standard haddock, plaice, scampi, etc and they have daily specials, reinforcing the fact that the ingredients used are fresh. This is one of the things they pride themselves on; they tell you you'd have to wait a few minutes longer, but it's definitely worth the wait, as you can see your food being cooked in front of you. The 'guest fish' are excellent, normally white fish, but often subtly different from your normal haddock etc, also the batter is much lighter than other places. 

As well as fish, there are the norms you would expect to find in Edinburgh chippies. there are burgers, battered burgers, sausages, haggis, white pudding and chicken (not fried). In the afternoon they do a special offer where one of these will be available with chips for 1.95. There is also a student discount available of 10%

The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is that the chips are still not amazing. They are very good, but just not as good as in other cities.Once the Newington Fish Bar perfects these, it will be a well earned 5 star review.
The Newington gets the distinction of being the first Scottish chippie I visited here in Edinburgh (not to mention the first one I've visited outside the good ole U.S. of A.)  The chips here were fantastic, as was the batter and preparation of the fish.  With that in mind, the taste of the fish was almost non-existent.  Not BAD by any stretch of the imagination, but I found myself sopping up as much brown sauce as I could with each bite to give the fish some flavor.  This may sound like a deal-breaker, but the texture of that golden fried piece of cod so far surpassed any other place I've visited thus far that I HAVE to give it four stars.  It was perfect.  I also appreciated that the filet came out of the fridge, was dipped in the batter and fried AFTER I ordered.  This, I would guess, is what separates this joint from all the others I've visited.  I'll try to get back and order that battered, deep-fried half pizza the gal in front of me took out.  It looked like delicious death in a cardboard box.  I love Scotland...
update -
 went a couple of times in last 6 weeks and not so good ...hope the owner will ensure original standards are kept up up as he appoints new staff ... chips were still ok but batter on fish was cardbaord like rather that the foamy-crunchy-ness of my origianl review ... and fish did not seem as good.

As suggested by the other reveiwers, this fish & chip shop is way ahead of all thebog-standard places in Edinburgh, whose approach is to cook up to 10 pieces of fish at once then leave them sitting under heat lamps till they are sold, often meaning you might as well order fried cardboard (the Tail End ofn Letih Walk excepted).

They have recently opened a down stairs sit-in restaurant which I have not tried yet.

It only took about 5-10 minutes for my order to be prepared last night which is pretty good - fish and chips cooked to order

They also have interesting fish on offer including mackerel, pollok and other daily specials.

The only thing I feel lets this great place down is the overall decor of the upstairs space - a bit shabby and unwelcoming. It's clearly a diffucult space with the oversized spiral stair case taking up a lot of room- it would be nice if this could be re-configured to allow a few sit-down tables up stairs. But at the very least it could be smartened up and made more welcoming - Having said that, the restaurnat down stairs looks quite nice.
Based on the other yelp reviews this seemed to be the best rated chippy in Newington. I was thoroughly disappointed. The smoked sausage appeared to have been cooked more than once as the skin had separated from the meat - difficult to achieve. The chips and pastry on the steak pie both had the consistancy and taste of solidified fat. Never again. Straight to the bin with this one.
Well I did get deep fried white pudding, but it wasn't great. The swampy was pretty off and the batter hard and super greasy. They have downstairs seating which is dingy and dull. Not a nice place to stay and eat although their brown sauce was tasty.
Maybe it's the fact that I grew up in a coastal town where even the worst Fish and Chip shop was actually pretty good that makes me slightly uneasy about judging other establishments in Edinburgh; which has, lets face it, on the whole very below par Fish and Chips. However, it is with no trepidation that I deem this place terrible.  One evening when out looking for something to line our stomachs before a bout of heavy drinking we decided to head here for a good old-fashioned Scottish dinner congruous with the night ahead. Upon entering this place the gents in my party alerted me to the discovery that the place had obviously changed hands, I suggested out of hunger pains that we strive forward. The place has an unsettling feel to it, the dcor would suggest good fish and chips but the eerie silence and the amount of gentlemen behind the counter in outdoor wear just staring directly at us as we entered did not seem indicative of a good meal to come. This was very true indeed. Chips that looked and tasted super market bought, anemic and limp, and a few smatterings of small scampi. My meal, which came to 6, was meant to be Cod. What I received was a tiny single fillet of supermarket bought Cod slimed in a transparent skin of batter. All round it was awful and worth barely a couple of quid. There's wonderful fresh fish to be had in Edinburgh, and for the price I had paid I should have headed to the great Tailend Fish and Chip bar.
My favorite chippy in Edinburgh, recommended to me by my flat mates for good reason.  Sure, it's just fish and chips, but the fish is perfectly fried and served with rich brown sauce.  Staff is friendly and prices are good, so it's a great place to grab some fish, chips and Irn-Bru.
This fish and chip shop, like so many nowadays, is not just a purveyor of fish and chips. Ooooh no, they do pizzas, pastas, sweeties aaand fish and chips!  Okay so its a normal chippy, but Bar B Que's Pizzeria is the only one I have come across in Corstorphine and so it deserves a mention!

Prices are reasonable, staff are friendly, and if I did need a special reason to highlight this slightly better than average chippy, it's the Ben and Jerry's ice cream freezer in the waiting area!  Genius appart from anything else and I am sure instrumental in the doubling of many a customer's purchase, but worth it...it's Ben and Jerry's!
As it has already been mentioned, this fish and chip shop does way more than just fish and chips - so I wont bore you by listing all of the items it will deep fry for you again.

Instead I will point out that the food here, for a chippy is remarkably good - the chips are crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle, just how I like it and the fish is always fresh and cooked beautifully. 

Staff are friendly, which is a bonus.
The name is a little misleading.  They serve everything from Fish & Chips to Pizza.  I was staying at the Marriott up the street and I didn't want to take the bus into town to get food.  I walked by this place and decided that I wanted to try some fish & chips while I am in the UK.  They only have take-away.  It is one huge piece of fried fish.  It was piping hot and made everything soggy after being wrapped up.  They don't have any sauce to go with it.  The fish tasted fishy and I couldn't even get vinegar to take with me.  The lady sprinkled some on for me.  It is definitely a local spot, but not all local spots = good spots.
The Italian man who worked at this predominantly take-out restaurant was quite amusing! He claimed to be just as old as the restaurant, which incidentally is over forty years old! Which is astonishing (and he was at least fifty five). 

The Montgomery is a place I would definitely like to eat at after a night out, and that's just they occasion they seem to cater to! Sure they have a few tables where one could sit and dine, but the menu offers fish, chips, burgers and several Scottish favourites which would make it quite popular with the night crowd!

As it is an Italian restaurant, there are, quite dutifully, several kinds of pizza available as well. The place isn't too pricey either, which is just how a take-out should be.
How novel. An Italian greasy spoon? But then is it a greasy spoon? Or a cheap Italian? Oh I don't know, but what matters is The Montgomery, just off Leith walk, is a great little unpretentious spot for a cheap and cheerful bit of pizza.

They also do other Scottish 'delicacies'. You know, deep fried offal and the like. Burgers, chips those kind of things. It's owned by a really friendly Italian guy who's probably worth the visit alone. He's one of those 'character' types. "You gotta meet my friend, he's such a 'character'". 

I've lost my way a bit. Great for cheap food, drunk food and unpretentious food. Done.
I came here to satisfy my craving for fish and chips. I ordered the cod and chips ( they also had haddock and chips). They deep fry the fish and chips when you order them so they come out piping hot straight to you on newspaper (how fish and chips are traditionally served). It also came with coleslaw and a wedge of lemon. 

Surprisingly the fish and chips weren't that oily so I didn't feel light headed after finishing it. The fish was decent and fries were addictive. I was sort of hoping the fish batter to be more crispy though as it was missing the crunch I usually look for in a good beer batter.  But overall I was satisfied and I can see myself coming back.

Another thing I should mention is the decor of this place. The whole place feels like an urban loft and has a warm, chill atmosphere. It also helped that I was there on a cold, rainy evening so it made the meal even more enjoyable.
I give Ish and Chips 5 stars, not only for their great food but for their patience and productivity! Holy, try going to this place around 2:15am on the weekend just after the bars let out.... They are a well oiled machine, no pun intended.  How 3 guys can keep some semblance of order to 30+ wasted hungry people at a time is beyond me, but kudos to the hard working staff! I not only enjoy the food here but the smiles and pleasant attitudes even when they are swamped! I can only imagine how they handle a normal sober dinner crowd. Thanks for the great service and the tasty eats.
Rebecca
Gloss
First time having fish and chips in years, gotta say brought back great memories. 

Haddock with chips for just over $5 which was a great deal! 
- The fish was perfectly fried and didn't leave a greasy aftertaste.
- The chips were just crispy on the outside and very light and fluffy on the inside.

The bonus of the loyalty card is awesome, only negative with it is the expiry date that is on the card given that I do not go to waterloo often enough to hit the 10 stamps needed.

Overall, the rating would be a 3.5, I loved the flash back to my fried fish eating days. The environment is very relaxed with the feel of a laid back urban loft. I would have given a 4, but the expiry date of the loyalty card drops 0.5 stars.
I stumbled in here late Saturday night and decided on the chicken fingers and poutine at the recommendation of a veteran Ish and Chips goer... and also because I felt that fish wasn't the right choice for me at this hour.

The chicken fingers were crispy and delicious but the poutine left a little to be desired and I might opt for just fries next time.

It's a small spot with just a couple of high tables. The menu is clear and well-placed above the counter. Staff was very friendly and in good spirits considering the slew of inebriated patrons they were faced with at the time. 

I'm looking forward to my next trip to Waterloo - I'll definitely come back to this spot.
So you're walking down king street doing what people do on the street. You might be staring at a nice car, or window shopping, maybe you went to the skate rink. Then suddenly you notice there is an 'F" missing on the fish and chips sign. Nope its not missing, they are putting a clever spin on it.

So the real question is, does a dedicated fish and chips place in the heart of Waterloo offer something special? Sadly and simply NO.

We ordered a basket of each haddock and cod, fries, coleslaw (look at pictures). So the portion size was great, big enough for most people I would hope. Unfortunately it wasn't proportionate, I mean the amount of coleslaw was miniscule. The fries tasted good, standard. Now for the main item, Fish. First and foremost the Haddock and much more flavour then the Cod. The fish had a lot ( A LOT!) of batter, and was greasy on the outside, dry on the inside. I expect fried man battered fish to be greasy, but I also expect to not feel sick after eating a serving. 

Now, don't get me wrong. The place is open late and when you stumble out of the FOX, Starlight etc at 2am you can go here for your late night feast. Its okay, you won't remember it anyways and it will just be part of hangover the following day.
Tiny little pieces of fish that seemed not much better than something you might find the freezer section of a grocery. Stale tasting chips. Most annoying to my boyfriend, tiny individually packaged tartar sauces (obviously not made in-house) that are incredibly wasteful for a fish and chip joint.  Didn't try the coleslaw.
Just burned to the ground. Building gone.
These guys say they have over 1400 locations, but I've never even heard of them until I moved over here from L.A.

Hungry for a little seafood, I stopped in here around 11 this morning for a first visit to this chain.  It's very nice inside for a fast food place, & has lots of comfortable UPHOLSTERED booths!  Some of the Combos on the menu are priced at just $4 & change, so I ordered two of them, & asked them to just put them together.  This brought out a plate piled high with breaded chicken breast, fish, lots of breaded shrimp, hush puppies, lots of fries, & a lemonade slush.

The food was good, & what a feast, for less than I paid yesterday at Chompie's for just a hamburger & fries!
There are far too few Long John's anymore. They've updated their image a bit in the past few years with varied success, but the Broadway store seems to have handled the changes very well.

The new look is much cleaner with much more comfortable chairs and nice lighting. The menu has added several healthy choices as well. There's a general positive attitude from the workers more in line with a sit down restaurant than with a fast food place.

Very rarely is the food not fresh and hot. I often have to wait an extra minute or two, but that's OK. In those cases where the wait was long, they offered me a drink or a pie.

I will say that the fish and chicken come out great, but the shrimp often a bit overbattered. Other than that, great food.
Good fast food diner! Fried fish has tempura coating, and is very good! It is what it is! Not a place to go for a fancy, sit down, dinner, but great, every day, stop on your way home from work, fare!
I've been here twice so far. The first time, I was impressed. The second time, I was indifferent. It is mostly fish and chips, and they are a fixture in the plaza--while other places come and go, Baker's Cove has been there for years and has many loyal customers who go there faithfully, as established regulars. This made me want to give it another chance. 

This time, my companion and I both started with the clam chowder, which is made in house. It is runnier than many but really tasty--nice use of spices. I had the haddock and chips. Both were golden, crispy and good, and the tartar sauce was home made! Yum!  My companion had a daily special--haddock with creole sauce--delicious and spicy--with lemony mashed potatoes. 

In all, a delicious meal, with plentiful portions. The only sad thing was that we didn't have room for dessert!
Great seafood restaurant. Huge selection. Nice homely setting. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Evident that they are proud of what they do. 

Food is great and everyone enjoyed it and would come back again.
Baker's has been around for 26 years, and although I've driven past it many times when I lived there, I had never visited.


Upon reading positive reviews on Baker's Cove, I made a reso for a Father's Day late lunch.  It's a small, cozy restaurant. The aroma when we walked through the front door was lovely.. garlicy with the scent of sea air.

Karolyn, the owner, greeted and served us. She was friendly and had a bright smile. The menu is quite impressive, I knew what to expect from my research. Despite the great choices,  I knew what I wanted to order.  Classic fish and chips.Turns out our table all wanted the same thing, so we ordered the family fish and chips and ordered the battered mushrooms as an appie.

First of all, you know when you've had really terrible batter? Or worse, you can taste how old the oil? Well not the case here. Batter is made in-house and is so light, and tasty. The oil was not an after taste in our mouths.  The fresh batter and deep fried shrooms are served with an in-house made dijon/dill sauce that was a perfect accompaniment.  

Fish platter came, it was awesome. FRESH delicious, light and not greasy. Not one drip of oil on my plate. Served with mushy peas and coleslaw.   The french fries were decent.. not the best I've ever had.  I would have loved to see them serve fresh-cut with skins on the ends. Like fry trucks, you know? The tartar sauce was fresh, homemade and in a squeeze bottle. Perfect for peeps like me who have no shame in covering a large portion of their plate in sauces and condiments.  

Overall, I will definitely be returning and trying the maple fish with lemony potatoes and other delights on the menu. The seafood platter looks awesome too.

Karolyn has a little hidden gem in this little mall and you should go check it out if you want quality seafood that's fresh and obviously cooked with love.
Horrible dining experiance. I was given a warm, flat rootbeer. Our dinner came out pretty quickly so that was good. I ordered the mermaid platter and the fish I received was paper thin. My girlfriend ordered the crab stuffed sole dinner and the fish wasn't cooked. Although there were only four tables occupied by customers, we waited several minutes to get a server's attention to no avail. I eventually got up and brought the plate with the raw fish to the front cash to advise of the problem. They brought out another plate but again the fish was still under cooked and the fish was paper thin. I was not impressed to say the least and would advise others against eating at this restaurant.
I have to thank Church's Chicken for finding this restaurant.  I went to the plaza on 35th Ave., next to WalMart, in the mood for some fish and chips, which Church's just introduced.  As I got out of my car, I saw the banner for DJ's Fish and Chips, and thought, "why not try one of the local restaurants?"  I was pleased with my decision.

As I walked in, I found myself in a sparse, spacious room with small tables with cushioned chairs around the place.  I was greeted by a woman with a big smile at the ordering counter.  The range of food is small, and might be considered BBQ: fried or grilled fish (reading the online reviews, I gather it's catfish), different kinds of BBQ, and a few sides, such as coleslaw, collard greens, fries, and mac n' cheese.  I went for the fried fish, fries, and coleslaw, paid, and waited for my order at my table to eat there.

There is not much to look at on the walls--just one large TV kinda loud and a smaller TV with no sound on to keep you occupied, plus a stand for New Times--always a good standby.  There was a chess table in the corner with pieces on it which had a sign saying "Do not touch", and a few rough-hewn wooden boards with hand drawn or painted sports team logos on them.

When my order finally came it was quite generous.  Several large pieces of fish, lightly breaded, were piled on top of each other, with the fries on the sides and bottom, and a slice of Texas bread cut in half at the bottom.  The fish really melted in my mouth: the breading was flavorful but not overdone, just a bit salty (but I've been cutting down on salt, so it may have seemed moreso to me).  The fish and the fries were not greasy at all.  The fries were nice and crispy.  The cole slaw was well-balanced, without too much mayo or sweetness--just right. The woman from the front checked with me a few times to see how everything was.  Service with a smile.  She told me they'd only been open since June of last year.

Check them out at www.djsfishandchips.com and support your local business!   I know I will again!
My husband and I had been meaning to try this place since it opened a while back, but we only ever remembered when we saw it as we pulled up to get our take out from Li's Bowl next door lol. Finally the other day we managed to remember we wanted to try it. 

It was decent. We both got the fried fish with fries and mac and cheese. It was more expensive than I'd thought it would be, $10 for the entree without a soda. The servings were huge though so that made up for the price, personally I'd rather have had a bit less food at a cheaper price since it was far too much for either of us to finish. The fries were pretty tasty, the mac and cheese was very bland. The fish itself tasted good but they put too much seasoning on the outside and in their batter for my tastes. My husband thought the seasoning was pretty good. The tartar sauce tasted more like coleslaw to me, and I hate coleslaw!

All in all I'd say it's worth a try.
Their catfish is the best I've had. I used to always get the pulled pork sandwich but lately i think they kinda changed the recipe. but it is still overstuffed. overall you get what you pay for. a little expensive but def worth it.
First of all the portions are amazing. I had the Catfish Lunch special. It comes with 3 pieces of nice sized catfish, a heaping fries, white bread lightly toasted and all the condiments you need. 
The seasoning in the fries is great and the fish didnt taste "fishy" the way catfish can. It had a nice light coating on it as if it was not soaked in grease. 
I went ahead and ordered a small cole slaw and it seems homemade. Very fine and not too sweet or or drowned in mayonnaise.  My drink was Triple Berry KoolAid. 
Can't wait to try something else. I hope this place survives because it is hidden in South Phoenix.
I ordered the fish lunch special (see picture) with potato salad plus a side of Mac and cheese. Came with three PIECES of catfish fillets (looks like half cuts of one fillet). The fish tastes good enough, although I've had better in other places.  The potato salad had overdone pieces of hard boiled egg, which was weird and seemed unfresh.  The Mac and cheese was just ok and I can't tell what kind of pasta they used...not very identifiable.  I had high hopes for the taste and now I feel cheated. My $5 lunch special turned into $9.53 after adding a small side of Mac and cheese. I will come back only for the fish...the sides are mediocre.
I was very satisfied with the food here. We had wings (half bbq and half buffalo) and a BBQ sandwich.  The BBQ sauce was amazing, the buffalo sauce was not super special but perfectly acceptable.  The wings are made to order and SO worth the wait.  Portions were very good, and the coleslaw was also good.  The service was very friendly, she was funny and charming and a good server, too.  We will definitely be going back.  OH! I almost forgot to mention that they have all-you-can-eat days for wings and fish, AND they let you leave and come back for more (additional drink purchase required)!!!!
Went today and they where closed
They are closed and no longer there.  Too bad as it was very good. The cat fish was the best!  Great food for a great price.
What an epic fail... where to even begin? We were drawn to try this place because of their grand opening promotion of BOGO entrees valid on Mon. Tue, Wed thru 10/10/12. After being seated, it took over 15 minutes for our server to come by and even offer us glasses of water. We showed her the promotional coupon and asked if we could order 4 entrees between the 3 of us, and she answered yes, we would get the 2 least expensive entrees free. We decided to go with a bread bowl of clam chowder ($9), 2 orders of the fish & chips ($18 each), crab louie entree salad ($17), and linguine with clam sauce ($17), and later on key lime and apple pies for dessert ($7 each).

For some reason they thought it would be acceptable to combine both orders of the fish & chips onto one plate, but we got jipped because there was only 1 small order's worth of fries. We decided not to make a fuss over it. There were 6 pieces of beer battered fish altogether. Unfortunately the batter was very thick and greasy yet also soggy on the bottom. After my first piece, I couldn't take it anymore and ended up peeling off almost all of the batter from subsequent pieces. The mediocre tartar sauce was too runny and lacked enough acidity to balance out the mayonnaise.

As for the salad, the crab meat contained several small shell fragments and was flavorless. Our friend thought his clam chowder was so-so, and it didn't appear creamy enough. Also, the bacon overpowered the clam flavor. The linguine was ok, but nothing memorable.

Desserts were meh. Our key lime pie was dominated by whipped cream. The key lime part was more like mousse, and the flavor was far too subtle. The pie crust was quite thick and somewhat soggy. Our friend didn't even finish his apple pie, and it wasn't because he was full. 

As for service, this is where it gets interesting. As soon as we received our entrees, our server asked us how the food was, when it was obvious that we hadn't even touched our food yet. We answer that we just got our food, and she replied that she would be back to check on us, which she never did until we were almost done eating our entrees. My water glass remained empty for over 10 minutes before it was refilled. At another point, she came by and put her water pitcher down on the table and asked if we were interested in dessert. We said sure. She ignored my more than half empty water glass and picked her water pitcher back up and left to get the dessert menus. When she returned with the menus about 10-15 minutes later and eventually returned to take our order after another 10-15 minutes, my water glass still was not refilled. In fact, my glass was never refilled after that first time and remained near empty. Finally, we flag her down and ask for the check. Eventually, she brings the check, but says she can't apply the promotional BOGO discount until we give her the coupon. We tell her we already gave you the coupon when we placed our order. She mumbles something while leaving me the bill and takes off. At this point, I'm not sure what is going on. Was she expecting me to give her my credit card before seeing the corrected bill? Several minutes later, she comes back and grabs the check from me with no explanation. She reprocesses the bill, but it only shows one discounted entree instead of two. When I point this out, she says that we only got 3 entrees: 2 fish & chips and a linguine with clam sauce. We tell her we also got the crab louie entree-sized salad. She mumbles something about double checking the menu. Eventually she comes back and says that the manager told her to apply the second discount. However, when she hands me the check, it is somebody else's check with their credit card! I hadn't even given her my credit card yet. She didn't realize her mistake until I pointed that out. While we await her return for the umpteenth time, we ponder whether she is on drugs or just really really stupid. After another 10 minutes or so, I am able to take care of the check and finally get out of there. Starting to notice a pattern? The time between when our server would check on us was long and it added up. We were there almost 2 hours because of the interminably slow service.

To summarize, their food is sub-par and pricey for what you get, and the abysmal service is some of the worst I've experienced in a long while. Stay away, or don't say I didn't warn you!
The Skinny: lower than average food (2) with sh^&tty service (0) and stay away! stay far far away! (1).

Okay - confession. My hubs and I totally look for new places to try out in town on Eater Vegas. One of the more anticipated openings this month was Seafood Shack which replaced Isla, the Mexican restaurant in TI. So we checked out there website which advertised the BOGO entree promotion. SOLD! (I can't help it, I'm Asian and I can't help a good deal). We were going the first Tuesday of the grand opening.

So we were getting a table of 3 and I was the first to arrive. I got seated around 6:15 and waited for the rest of the party to arrive. The bus girl comes by, fills the water and leaves me alone. Fine. 

As my party trickles in, I still had no idea who my server was. By this time, it's around 6:50 before she decides to saunter to our table and even acknowledge our presence. Dead serious. No asking if I wanted a drink, no wondering if I wanted to order an appy or anything. Yeah. It was that bad.

I was watching her like a hawk too - she literally disappeared for a significant portion of the time unlike the other servers around the restaurant. We literally saw her once to take our order, once when our entrees came (she asked us how they were when we didn't even get a chance to take a bite), once to take the dessert order (which I had to flag her down -- she mumbled under her breath "in a minute") and three times finally to get our bill right.

Yeah, you guys heard me. Three fr$%king times to get the bill right. (She lost our BOGO coupon, neglected to take off a discounted item, gave us another person's bill -- I could've taken off with another dude's credit card --- yeah... that bad). That added another 30 minutes of playtime at the Seafood Shack.I was beginning to think it should be renamed Seafood Inn because at the rate we were going, I thought we might have to sleep in our chairs. We were stranded there for 2 hours. God forbid if you actually had show or something to catch.

Already the service (or lack thereof) would be enough to detract most people. Add to the fact that the food was subpar at best made the insult even more pronounced.

I ordered a crab louie salad which is not difficult to do well as long as the ingredients are good. The crab meat was severely below expectations. The crab was all macerated, and lacked the sweetness good quality meat. Added to the fact that there were bits of the clear shell and outer shell pieces mixed in, it was no es bueno. Throw in a few meally tomatoes and some rather generic thousand island dressing, you have yourself a sh*(ty experience for $16.95.

We ordered 2 orders of the fish and chips ($17.95) which were put apparently on the same plate for reasons unknown. That was annoying because we were out with a friend and he obviously didn't want to eat off of our plates. Plus, they only provided half of the serving of chips but double the fries. Not that the fries were that great to begin with but come on! The fish itself was greasy, overly battered and quite frankly nothing I would order again. Again, the tartar sauce was some generic stuff you could get at any grocery market.

Our pal ordered a clam chowder (comes in a bread bowl -$8.95) and the linguine with clams ($16.95) but neither was anything special according to him.

By now, I should have known better and quit while I was ahead. However, I am a sucker for key lime pie and noticed it was on the menu. So thinking that there had to be some sort of redeeming quality about this establishment, I ordered that to share with the hubs while our pal got an apple pie a la mode ($6.95 each).

Okay - let me get this straight - if your key lime pie is f%^king lime green, you know it came out of a box and that there's no freaking way there's any sort of real lime in there let alone, key limes. The oh-so soggy crust accompanied by the rather solid bright green filling from a generic Jello box was a full on textural assault and violation. Would not do this again. I noticed as well, our friend's apple pie - he left most of his pie crust on his plate and it looked like a limp doughy mass.

In general, I do not have a lot of one star reviews and I really hate writing one unless it is really really bad on all fronts. However, Seafood Shack - you've just +1'ed yourself in my 1 star club. (1 star review).
I recently ate at this restaurant. I received fantastic service and really enjoyed the food. The oysters and the tuna poke are fantastic starters. Their cioppino was better than ones I've had in San Francisco, Boston and even New Orleans. The key lime pie was delicious especially with raspberries on the side. Overall a good experience and well worth the time.
I recently visited the Shack on my trip to Vegas. Stopped in and had the salmon fillet stuffed with lobster and crab! It was the best seafood I have ever had! Went back the next night and it was no longer available but the Chef went out of his way and made it for me anyway!!!!!  What else can I say, one very satisfied customer.. 5 stars all the way Thanks Chef...
my meal was so poor.   I can't remember ever when I couldn't find lettuce in a Nioise salad.  I asked for medium grilled tuna which they ignored.  The salad sure felt like it was pre-prepared and still in the refrigerator long before it came to my table.
My friend and I decided to have a meal at the Shack instead of Pho.  First time here and I have got to say, not to shabby.

Of course we started with an app, the Salad Nicoise.  I felt that it was very well made.  If you are a fan of olives, you will enjoy this bad boy.  My buddy and I did feel that the salt may have gotten away from the chef.  Over salted, but I didn't mind too much (maybe to request less salt next time).  The tuna was soft and you could taste the pepper snear.  Love the buttered bread they had on the side of the plate, but it gets soggy with the salad.  Our main course was the Clam Bake! That's right, go big or go home.. I thought it was very well made and presented.  I ordered a side of garlic fries to sweeten my meal.  Great addition.  Clams were huge and plenty of mussels.  Some sausages and corn.  The lobster was well baked in there and the sauce was just right.  Not over powering and I did not die of thirst = not much sodium! Bam!  I ended up having to ask for a togo box.. Sadly we lost.  

I had some desert, the carrot cake.  I have got to say, more carrot taste and less frosting.  I don't how everyone else likes it, but I prefer less frosting on anything.  Cake came out and it looked like an ice cream sandwich.  Pretty decent sized.  

Our server, very nice gentlemen.  Right out, he asked for our drink order, then came back several minutes later and asked for our app and came back later once again and asked for our main order.  Nice guy, came back with some bibs for our main entree and the table was prep with wet naps.  He came back with my refill before slurping the bottom.  He was on top of things, even my togo boxes, he made sure to double my box in case some of the sauce slipped through the first one.  

Environment, Great looking.  I thought it looked a bit Japanses from the top.  I like how it was secluded from the casino.  People dont watch you as they walk by.  Privacy! I like to lick my fingers! Don't judge me! 

Overrall I will come back.  There are plenty of other things to try and I would like to see if anything would change to add a start.. Hopefully not to take away one.
The service was excellent starting from the phone call to make the reservation... The food was excellent.  Everything was delicious including the service... I recommend theshrimp and avocado salad
Wife and I tried this place with a GroupOn deal.  What we ordered was okay and we will probably go back but wouldn't get the same thing again.
Food and service was good. Having lived on west coast of Florida the key lime pie was ok compared to what I expected. If you want great key lime pie you have to make it to the Grand Lux in Venetian.
Absolutey bad restaurant.  My husband ordered Clam Chowder soup (soup, for goodness sakes!) and it was VERY salty.  They gave him another one and it was still too salty.

I ordered Tuna Tartare and that was too salty as well.  I didn't bother asking for another plate. And we saw another guest return his food as well.

Perhaps it was just a bad night, but never again will we go back.
Meh is right. 

I was here because I had people in from out of town, and well, we just happened upon it.  

The prices are ridiculous, though I understand because it's in a major resort, but really, if you're going to price-gouge me at least give me decent service. 

The server was less than pleasant and really looked like he was being inconvenienced by, y'know, serving people.  Thanks guy. 

The food is... meh.  There was New England clam chowder, lobster stuffed mushrooms, and cajun fried shrimp.  It was on par of a Joe's Crab Shack.  Yeah... again, meh. 

Would I come back? Not unless the out-of-towners desperately wanted to return.
Me and my family had dinner here on Thanksgiving night. The decor and atmosphere of the restaurant was something one would find in a cheesy seafood eatery on a Carnival cruise ship. My first thought was the sad bar they had at the front. When I have my seafood, I usually like to have a good quality beer with my meal. My first expectation of any expensive burger or seafood joint is a nice selection of brews on tap. Seafood Shack had only 4. No Guiness, Sam Adams, or Bass  for me. I stay away from the Budweiser, Miller, and other cheap beers.

Second, me and my brother ordered the clam chowder sourdough bread bowl. The soup had more ham flavor than clam. Personally, Progresso's clam chowder soup straight from the can tastes fresher than the soup we got. For $9, I'll stick to the clam chowder soup at Panera Bread.

We also ordered the fried calamari appetizer. For $12 dollars, I was expecting a decent platter to pass around. The portion size was quite pathetic and the batter for the calamari greasy and thin. For the same price, one can go to an Olive Garden and get 5-6 times the amount of calamari. When a pound of fresh squid can be had for under $5 at any seafood market, charging $12 for the 4-5 bite size portions we received was nothing short of a ripoff.

The main entre I ordered was the fish and chips with scallops and shrimp. The portion size was average with the amount of fries quite low. The amount of fries compares to a McDonalds small to medium. The fish, shrimp, and scallops were cooked well but not worth $20. For $21, I can get a large fish and chips entree, an appetizer sampler of calamari, scallops, and shrimp, a fish taco, and coleslaw at the Pacific Fish grill restaurant at my local shopping center.

With the $400 plus bill my family had, we all could have gone to the Rio's seafood buffet instead. For seafood and beer not near the beach, I'll stick to Joe's Crabshack.

Max Power
After reading others reviews I was regretting having bought a Groupon for this restaurant but I bought it so I might as well use it. Not any of the bad comments happened to us. We were seated as soon as we walked in. Immediately they brought the glasses of water and took our appetizer order which was brought out in 5 minutes, immediately we ordered our main course, my hubby had the fishermans platter and I had the shrimp and calamari platter which they served to us in about 10 minutes. Everything was delicious and the portions are worth the price. We were totally stuffed that we couldn't have dessert. All in all from the moment we walked in, to being served, eat and pay our bill it was no more than. 35 minutes. Love this place,  can't wait for our next trip to Vegas
slow service!

The food was great but the service was slow! I had the Fish and Chips... I think they were still trying to catch the cod fish or something... the wait was ridicuously 30 min long that we almost walked out of there... they should know that it's Las Vegas and people flock to restaurants and opt to dine out especially on a weekend so they should be prepared and have a full staff especially when there's an event going on in Vegas... luckily, we still made it out on time for the main event at Mandalay Bay... I guess I can't complain much, this was a Groupon deal, which I should've printed, the app took forever to come up (signal is low inside the restaurant) Boo! :(

This restaurant is located in the Treasure Island Casino and open only for dinner... we tried eating there for lunch. Bar was open though...
It was great experience at the Seafood Shack in Vegas. I went here in early November '12 and it is now January '13 and I still remember this experience clearly. It's right in the Treasure Island hotel so it was a perfect dinner spot.  I purchased a Groupon not knowing how this place would be, but I'm very glad that I did.  The portions they give are generous and price is reasonable. 

I had the clam chowder in a bread bowl with garlic fries on the side.  I definitely did not need the extra fries because my boyfriend ordered some lobster roll and it came with garlic fries. My eyes were big when I ordered haha.  Also, we had this friendly Asian waitress that was working by herself, yet she always came at the right times. I was surprised at the awesome service this lady gave us.  She delivered our food in a timely manner, helped us with the menu, and even suggested my lemonade alcoholic beverage.  I loved it btw.  My favorite drink while I was there.

I'm sure we'll be back on our next trip to Vegas and I hope it'll be another great experience.
Treasure Island - Seafood Shack.

Had dinner ala Groupon. Very clean, pleasant staff, quick service, great quality and quantity of well prepared food.

We started with a half dozen very cold, thick, and flavorful Oysters on the Half shell. They came with a champagne slush that was mixed with a spicy sauce. Topping the oysters with this was fantastic!! Each oyster with the slush was cold, mildly spicy, and extremely flavorful. I should have ordered a dozen oysters and a quart of that champagne slush. We also had a white wine steamed mix of mussels and clams. This offering came hot and plentiful. Plump mussels and clams in a great broth. The garlic points that were with the bowl were not enough to dunk up all the broth. I will ask for more toast next time.

My Wife and I are confirmed "Food Sinners". I could care less how terrible fried food is for me. It is worth your life here in the desert to get a decent Jersey Shore fried Seafood Dinner. Well, we found a place that knows how to do it. This TI Seafood Shack does a fried seafood platter that would get the blessing of Captain Nemo himself. The plate contained big portions of thick white fish that was fried to perfection along with shrimp and scallops, all big and all very fresh. Hey, we are NOT talking   pre-frozen stuff here, we are talking boat to belly fresh. Cole slaw, fresh French fries, tartar sauce and cocktail sauce rounded the whole thing out. When we were done eating, there was no film of grease on the plate. Each piece of fried seafood had only the fresh fried taste of that variety of ocean denizen it was. There was no grease on our hands and no greasy smell either. The white wine by the glass and my very cold beer added to the pleasure of this meal.

Libby had a piece of key lime pie for dessert. The pie was chiffon type, not that jello like stuff you tend to get in this area. It was tall, limey zippy, and sweet. I had to fight her for a couple tastes by the fork full. (Wives are not allowed to refuse Husbands tastes).

I did have a coffee and EL Wife-O had hot tea. By the time we left I felt a lot like a bowling ball. 

The service, food and casual atmosphere in the Seafood Shack are just what most of us want when we need to get to the show or on to the gaming tables. This is great food at a reasonable price. Remember you pay for fresh and you pay for quality. I don't have a problem with that, ever!!
I really enjoyed the food at the Seafood Shack! I had the lobster stuffed mushrooms and Cajun Crawfish and my husband had a bowl of clam chowder that was delicious and Ahi Tuna that he really enjoyed! The server was very attentive! We were very pleaded overall!
Came here using a $40 Groupon. We got the clam chowder in a bread bowl, crawfish and blackened red snapper. The clam chowder was on par with what you find in Boston! The crawfish was amazing! We wanted more bread to sop up the broth! I would've given 5 stars but the blackened red snapper was sooooo bland. Maybe the chef was tired since we were one of the last customers.
Went here on behalf of a Groupon.

Walking up to the actual restaurant, it looks like it's a really small bar so I was quite puzzled. But come to find out the Host led us into the back where there was an actual restaurant setting. They really went with the theme. From the walls, tables, chairs right down to the lobster-like claw salt & pepper shakers. It's actually really cute.

I had the Mermaid Mojito to start off which is a mojito with strawberries in it. The drink was pretty big but I didn't even get a hint of a buzz so either my tolerance went up because I consumed more alcohol while in Vegas or the bartender was sheisty. I go with option 2, just sayin'

Had the Angel Hair Pasta (No meat for Lent) which is pasta with tomatoes, garlic, basil & olive tapenade. It was not too bad, I have no complaints since I finished the whole thing. So I guess you can say their serving sizes are just right, they don't want to have to roll you out after eating there ;)

The service was awesome well, I guess the only thing that prevented me from giving it 5 stars is that the Host I guess kept checking us out & walking by at random times just to stare. I, of course was oblivious to this but my friend noticed it right off the bat & pointed it out every time he passed by. Sorta creepy if you ask me. Meh, whatevers.
Went here on a whim after glancing at the menu. It was later in the night (around 9 pm) so there weren't too many people in the restaurant, which made our service very good. The food was outstanding! I had the herb and parmesan crusted tilapia and it was cooked perfectly. My boyfriend had the crab legs and it looked like there was about 2 pounds of crab. Our portions were huge for the price (maybe they gave us more since it was the end of the night) which was nice. Fun decor inside. Curious to try during normal dinner hours but I will definitely be returning to this restaurant next time I am in Vegas.
I definitely recommend this place. Last time I was in Vegas I stayed at Treasure Island. I  chose the Seafood Shack for dinner because the line at the buffet was way too long. I sat at the bar and the bartender was attentive and pleasant.

I chose the fried shrimp platter for dinner.  It came with fries and cole slaw. You get big pieces of meaty shrimp, not at all greasy. The fries were also quite good. The fries had the skin still on, which I prefer. The beer was a pale ale (I forget the name) the tap was shaped like a red lighthouse. The beer was perfectly cold and had a nice bite to it. The beer was an excellent complement to the shrimp. The beer was so good that I ordered another one :)

If you are wary of eating seafood in the middle of the desert, don't be! This was as good a seafood dinner as any I've had on the East coast.
My husband & I both ordered the Parmesan Cod over Lobster Mashed Potatoes & corn bisque...absolutely wonderful!!!  And even though we were there right at closing time, the service was flawless and made us feel totally welcome and I rushed.  A great experience overall.
The food here was great!  I got the seafood platter and the scallops and shrimp was so good.  I would def come here again. The waiting staff was so nice and attentive.  There wasn't alot of people in the resturant but it is worth trying out.
Beware if you're not using cash!!!

If I could give no stars I would. Went here for a drink and dinner with my husband. We had coupons so everything came out to under $19.49, tip included. Checked my online banking account the next day and see that they are holding a charge of $226.08. WTF?!?!  Called everyone under the sun only to be transferred and then transferred and then sent to a voicemail. Lets see how long the manager takes to call us back.

From now on I'll be avoiding all restaurants in the T.I.
I thought the food and appetizers were great and tasty got the lobster roll totally awesome full of lobster meat couldn't finish it. Ate it for lunch the next day the flavor were even better. I will be going back for more.
I was really disappointed about our experience at seafood shack. We came here to dine one night after feeling too tired to cook something. The experience started with NO HOST at the entrance -- hmm, are we suppose to seat ourselves? But why do they have a host booth? Finally someone came to help us get settled. I requested for a table with booth since our kids manage to fall off any regular chair whenever we're at a restaurant coz of their non-stop playing while waiting for the food. The spacing between tables were TOO CLOSE. You could literally hear the next table's conversation even if you don't intend to do so. We were given menu but the waiter too forever to get our order because he was too busy flirting with a bunch of customers who came in way later than we did. When he did finally get our order, he was in so much hurry. I had to ask him to repeat what I said just to make sure he got what I ordered. 
The waiting time was OKAY. But guess what, the other table who came later & ordered later than we did GOT THEIR FOOD FIRST! Really dude?! Really..I wanna just get up and leave but I we waited too long & too hungry to leave. Thinking the food was gonna be good, we stayed -- but IT WAS A DISASTER!! Man! We should've just walked away!! My pasta was too salty & the steak was too tough. Our son's tilapia with pilaf rice & the 2 dozen raw oysters were the only decent food on the table. I am never going back again. Staff needs to get retrained on proper costumer care & HOW TO PRIORITIZE clients. Prices were too steep for the quality of food we ordered. Stay away. Too overrated.
This place has become one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. The food was incredibly good, the staff was nothing but courteous, and the prices were fair for the amount of food we had. We will be returning here the next time we're out this way.
I read the reviews before going here so I was ready for a hit or miss.  MISS!  The clam chowder does indeed suck.  All you taste is ham.  The bread bowl it comes in is dry and old.  The steamed mussels and clams is terrible.  It also came with a dry, stale piece of bread.  The fried clams were even worse.  The clams were all lumped up and stuck together and the batter was gross.  White Castle even does a better fried clams. 

I had the linguini with clams with a few pieces of small, whole clams and a watery, soup like sauce.  Your average NY pizza joint does it better.  

The only thing that I enjoyed was my margarita.  

If you enjoy lower quality seafood restaurants such as Red Lobster, etc. then you'll probably enjoy this place, too.
Chewy lobster and pathetic sides is not my idea of a good meal. The "red" potatoes were boiled whole, until they were no longer red and then plopped on the plate with a few sogged out Brussels sprouts. We got my son the "coconut" shrimp but it didn't have any coconut! Must have run out? But they didn't tell us. Save your money, go somewhere else.
After finally tracking down the Seafood shack/Mojito Bar, I was excited for a $6 Mojito during their happy hour. 

Unfortunately, our bartender had some irritated-like attitude that I didn't really appreciate. 

Personally, I think that If you can't act the part of a fun or outgoing bartender, maybe you shouldn't be one? 

Mojito wasn't very strong, but still decent. Service of course, wasn't the best... but I would probably return if a different bartender was there.
We came here on a Tuesday evening and ordered 
1. Fisherman's platter (25)
2. Cajun seafood pasta (19) 
for $12 (used the Groupon deal $20 for $40)  

- Inside T.I. Look for a bar and a ship along the side. 
- Similar to Joe's crab shack, but not shack looking. 
- Quick seating and fast service. Greeted by the hostess. We got seated right away and was assisted by the waiter a few moments later. Another served us our water. We ordered right away and literally got our food in less then 10min. Amazing! Suspiciously, too fast, yet the food was fresh! 
- Fisherman's platter consisted of 2 scallops, 2 fish fillets, and a few fried shrimp, served with a side of cole slaw and fries. The platter tasted pretty good, not too remarkable though. 
-The Cajun seafood pasta was delicious. I was a bit afraid that it would taste too spicy, but it wasn't. There were pieces of crawfish and 2 that still in its shell and enough shrimp. It came with a side of garlic bread too. 
- They tax after they take off the 40 off, meaning that your bill is a whole lot cheaper!
- For what it's worth, I'd say that our meal tasted like a really fancy Long John's Silver, not as good as Joe's Crab Shack, but a your average mid class quick seafood was a nice dine experience. But because we used a Groupon, it made the entire experience worth my while!
Came on a Thursday afternoon with a Groupon.  We were seated immediately.   Service was excellent.  Ordered the Crab Louie - lots of crab, but it didn't wow me.  No flavor whatsoever to the crab.  Friend who dislikes seafood ordered the steak.  They were thoughtful about asking to butterfly the steak to meet her needs and our need to catch a flight.   Food was only okay.  Good value with Groupon, but I wouldn't want  to pay full price as the taste was just not there.  I did really like the look of the restaurant and want to give a great big shout out to fantastic service.  Would I return?  Probably not.
I visited this place with my Mom, didn't realize it opened at 5pm. Waited a while, they opened the place and sat us around 505.
I purchased the Seafood Shack Clam Bake and was excited-the place looked neat and the servers were friendly. 
It's Vegas so I didn't mind paying $80 for my Mom and I to get the most expensive thing on the menu, and I don't think I've had Maine Lobster before!
Since we were the first ones there we got served pretty quickly. The food looked nicely presented. When I dug in I realized the muscles were teeny-I mean, I've never seen such small muscles. The shrimp was so overcooked they were dark red and rubbery, the lobster was laughably small and overcooked as well. 
I was upset at being ripped off, we could have had a feast at Bacchanal for the same price but the people were nice and the service was quick.
WOULD NOT RECOMMEND, there's so much better on the strip.
First let me say that I am a huge fan of mojitos so I was super excited to come here for one. 
since we were staying at Treasure Island, we were given a 2-for-1 cocktail voucher to use here which is awesome! 
We arrived at about 1130 pm on Monday 9-9-13 (don't judge us) and I sat at the bar while the guys I was with went to the restroom...
It took about 5 minutes for the bartenders to notice me and I wasn't even in a hidden spot or anything. Finally I asked if I could use the voucher towards two mojitos and before they answered me they laughed and mumbled something about me to each other. they obviously assumed they were both for me. My boyfriend and his brother came back and noticed that I wasn't happy and asked if I wanted to leave but I wanted my mojito damn it! 
The bartender had to ask me 3 times what it was I wanted because he had forgotten, and then even had to ask someone else how to make it. THEN he tried to tell me that what I had ordered wasn't on the menu and I literally had to point it out to him. 
after what seemed like forever, we got our drinks, and we were told 2 different total amounts. 
The people working here need to get it together. 
also, we didn't order any food, but the people behind us had some and it looked pretty questionable.
Generally, I try to stay away from restaurants with the word "shack" in their name.  But, as I will eat practically anything born and raised in the sea, I decided to check this place out.

I found the menu to be suprisingly lengthy.  There is everything from Long John Silver's type fried fare to Cioppino and salad Nicoise.

I chose the Cioppino ($25) which was pretty tasty.  The broth was flavorful but, unfortunately, the accompanying seafood was a bit overcooked.  They also skimped  on the clams and mussels.  But, in a jam, I would order this again.  Honestly, I found this Cioppino as good as RM Seafood's. 

I also tried the lobster mac and cheese side that came with the Cioppino for $6.95 more.  Total disappointment.  Bland, bland, bland and tiny, tiny pieces of lobster.  Not worth the price or the calories.

I found it a bit odd that they didn't provide bread with the meal considering the entrees are a bit pricey.  If you're gonna charge fancy prices, step up the game!

Service was good, atmosphere was blah (lobster claw salt and pepper shakers were cute, though).  I'll probably go back but there are better seafood restaurants on the strip.

P.S. - Carlos Mencia ate at the table next to me. Weird.
We stopped by for our 2-for-1 drink special. not a very cool environment, maybe it would have been better if Rick the bar tender wasn't such a downer.

Honestly Rick sucked and made me want to leave right away. I don't drink really and I had no idea what to get, he offered no help and simply said let me know when you are ready and walked away from us. 

I feel like if you are a bar tender you should be fun and social not sucky and crotchety.  The drinks were alright, I have definitely made better mojitos myself at home but i guess technically one was free, even though they cost some $10 and you cant get the happy hour mojito for $6 because of the 2-for-1 coupon. 

Either way I DON'T intend on stopping by here ever again. THANKS RICK!
Despite the cruddy reviews below, I had several good happy hour experiences recently. Note- happy hour only and prefeably while milking a twenty in the video poker machines at the bar a few free Tanquery and Tonics. I ate the Ahi Poke on three occasions and the hot wings on a couple- both were very good.
We had a Groupon for this place and were sorry we bought it. I ordered the "Lobster Roll" . I've HAD lobster rolls in Maine and this wasn't one. It was a "Lobster SALAD roll" . the whole inside bottom of the bun was layered with lettuce so as to BOOST the look of the thing. Not terrible BUT NOT a lobster roll. My wife ordered the fish and chips and it was crispy on the outside but doughy and gooey on the inside.More batter than fish. She said the fish stunk and didn't finish it...and got sick that night. I would avoid this place like the plague.
We come here for the Clam Bake!!! We make sure to eat here every time we are in Vegas.
Loved it. Ordered clam chowder in a bread bowl (a little heavy on the bacon, but appealed to hubby's taste), steamed clams- wonderful large juicy clams with no sand, and the pan roast with New England sauce.  I can't say enough about the pan roast, so awesomely delish. A tad salty but went well with the pilaf, the best I've ever had. Palace Station pan roast is the bomb but this is even better IMO. We tried to return for dinner but it was after 10 pm and were closed.  It is on our encore list for our next visit to LV. 4.5 stars rounded up.
It was late, I was tired and wasn't expecting much.  The Alaskan White on tap and a wonky looking bowl of clam chowder picked me right up.  I've never seen anyone turn a bread bowl on it's side and then fill it lengthwise before, not pretty, but still tasty.  

We didn't order a real meal, just some appetizers the crab cakes were small but nice and full of lump crab meat.  And best of all it was a good value, cheaper and better quality food than Sr Frogs.
stayed at Treasure Island while going to Shot Show/January 2014. Had dinner here and it was very good. See you next year.
Great experience and value that exceeded expectations!!

Drinks, food, service, and ambiance were all high quality! The Seafood Shack was managed well and staff operated in a first class manner.

On Saturday evening, the Seafood Shack was so busy that we could not get in. This was a good sign and we returned on Sunday evening. They were less busy and we were immediately seated. 

We had purchased a $20 Groupon for $40 off of the bill without restrictions. (We have a strong preference for Groupons that do not restrict the selection). We had two cocktails each, shared two appetizers, an order of blackened crab legs, and desserts.

Our server (Fernando) was very professional! Throughout the meal, he provided just the right amount of attention! Likewise, the General Manager (Matt) stopped by our table and was very gracious.

The cocktails were perfect. My date had a couple of Super Mojitos and I had two martinis. They were tasty and served quickly after ordering. 

Our appetizers were the seafood stuffed mushrooms and crab cakes. Both appetizers were freshly prepared and served on hot plates.  We shared an order of blackened crab legs which were extraordinarily good. This was plenty of food for the two of us. 

The next time we are in Las Vegas, we will enjoy another meal at the Seafood Shack.
I got a groupon for this place and went there during my vegas stay. 

I wasn't sure if it was because of my groupon or because it was actually true, but when I ordered the seafood shack clam bake (that was supposed to include a whole maine lobster, clams, mussels, prawns, and sausage), the waiter informed us that they were out of lobsters and mussels - what seafood restaurant would be out of not one, but two types of seafood? He informed that they could substitute lobster for crab legs and the mussels for additional clams. We weren't picky so we said that was fine. When the clam bake came, the flavours were pretty good, but the seafood didn't taste very fresh, and the clams were overcooked and shriveled up. 

From all the restaurants on the strip that we could visit next time we come, I don't think I'll back to this one.
This place was excellent...maybe I was drinking, maybe I was starving after leaving the Cirque show but damn, their fish and chips and coconut shrimp were amazing!! No seriously, add to that excellent service and that fact that since I stayed at TI I had a two for one coupon they gave me at check in...that I totally forgot about but she added it before I even asked...this place was great.

Food 10
Service 10
Atmosphere 10

SOLD...I would go back... like tomorrow if I could, get the Fish-N-chips :)
Who would expect a restaurant at non-fancy side of the spectrum in a mega resort could be good?

Well, this place was quite a surprise in that regard. Foods here are tasty!
Crazy fast service, knowledgeable wait staff., delicious food, reasonable prices!  Had the Cajun pasta which had a very decent amount of shrimp, crab, etc with a perfect linguini in a Cajun sauce. Spicy but not over the top. Added a clam and mussel steamer....lots of good eating for around $30.

Nicely done interior, very casual. About a twenty minute wait for seating on Wednesday might at 6pm. Nice lounge area and bar to wait at. 

On menu many more grilled and steamed selections as well as a few typical fried items.
Overall rating...Mehhhhhhh. Got the cajun seafood pasta. Bland. Just bland. No amount of salt, pepper, or malt vinegar could elevate the taste. Three Words: Old Bay Seasoning. Try it. You'll like it.
We came here on a Friday night around 8pm and it was not packed.  My BFF and I shared a fisherman's platter and a pan roast New England style (Sea Scallops, Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, and 1/2 Maine Lobster,braised and served with rice pilaf).  The pan roast items sat in a bed of delicious clam sauce.  We started dipping our fried items from the fisherman's platter in the New England clam sauce and was very delighted.  The fisherman's platter would not have been as good if we didn't have clam sauce.  The Cole slaw that came with the fisherman's platter was nothing to rave about, nor were the red and white sauces.  The scallops on the fisherman's platter were SO PLUMP and HUGE and JUICY.  Oh my!  

We were very happy considering that we used a Groupon.  Might we come back?  Only with a Groupon considering there's so much good food and buffets in Vegas.
Came here using a Groupon. Husband had the ciopinni - delicious but a tad bit heavy on the salt, I had the shrimp and avocado salad - lots of shrimp, half an avocado, spicy dressing, very filling, my kid got the salmon which was okay but may not have not been the best choice since we are from Washington. However the side of mac n cheese that came with his salmon was the BOMB!  Prices are reasonable, relaxed atmosphere, great for families.
I stayed at Treasure Island for the first time earlier this month and got a nice 2-for-1 entree coupon at Seafood Shack, along with a 2-for-1 cocktail coupon at any of the places within TI (including Seafood Shack) as part of our room benefits.

Let's just say I used both of these in the same meal and had 2 $35 entrees and 2 $10 cocktails for $50 pre-tip. I thought I couldn't handle it so I texted some friends saying they should join if they come by in time. Good thing they didn't because I devoured it all.

The Lobster Stuffed Salmon was really good and I would definitely recommend getting it, as long as you aren't on a no carb diet like my friend. Sucker. I got the New England style Pan Roast as my second dish and it was good, but not worth its $35 price tag in terms of quantity. But with the coupon it's not bad.

Drink recommendation per the waiter was Blackbeard's Love Potion, which he said sounds/looks deceiving because it is pure alcohol. Tastes sweet but has only alcohol in it.

Oh I also added a key-lime pie to top it off, which is worth trying as well! I would have gone for the carrot cake but I felt that going into the 3000 calorie range for one meal would be a bit excessive. Next time.
Ate at the bar and Rick the bartender was the most miserable guy ever... Food was ok just but lacks imagination. Fish platter has the same coating on the scallops, fish and prawns ... Zzzzz,! 

Not worth the money even with the 2 for 1 entree voucher.

Mai Tai cocktail using Cabo Tequila was good ... That was 5* but Rick and the food -4* 

Not coming back
We were hungover, hungry and needed to use my Groupon before it expired so off to Seafood Shack we went.. I hadn't been to the Treasure Island in forever! Inside the casino, the restaurants, the restrooms, everywhere...it smells like a mix of cigarette smoke and Banana Boat lol 

The atmosphere of the restaurant is cute.. think of an upgraded Joe's Crab Shack.. Our waiter was friendly and the food came out at a decent pace..

*Clam chowder in sourdough bread bowl- the chowder was nothing special but the bread was good.
*Crab cakes come with 3 small pieces.. Though they were small, they tasted like they barely had any filler in them.. just lots of crab meat..
*Blackened Chicken- came out piping hot and moist
*Seafood Pasta- lots of pieces of crawfish and shrimp in a creamy sauce
*Lobster roll- mehh.. Lobster meat tasted fake..

Before the discount the bill came up to around $85.. Would I come here again? Probably not.. Don't know if this is just a coincidence but my boyfriend and I both had stomach aches that night...
Over priced! Please eat somewhere else.

The Pan Roast I ordered sucked! I don't think they know how to make a pan roast! 
Crab cakes were small and nasty!

I hate my life right now!
I ate by the bar. Glass of water. I seen mixed reviews of this place so I figured I would start with an appetizer and if it was yummy move on to an entree. I chose the crab and spinach dip. It was a nice size portion for $12 bucks but the taste was bland as all out doors. It was plenty of crab in it also. I sent it back and got the lobster and seafood stuffed mushrooms. They were much better yet still lacking flavor. I didn't get an entree and I probably won't be back
AWESOME CRAB LEGS!! we came on a thursday night, got in quickly, and had the best crab legs ive ever had! and bomb lobster mac n cheese!! they give you a great quantity of crab legs a full meal. and our server Genaro was fantastic!  we had a lovely little date night experience, and dont forget the mango mojito!! just go here!
Slow service even on a dead Monday, however it was worth the wait.  After so many disappointments in Vegas it was nice to have some decent food.  It wasn't perfect but close.  I got the Fisherman's platter and She got a Lobster Roll.  The worst was the overcooked, cold lobster on her roll even if the flavors were nice.  Everything on my plate was spot on except the Shrimp, only slightly over done.  I was disappointed in the portion size more than anything else even for Vegas.
Went to this restaurant two days ago and i enjoyed my experience.

Atmosphere: It's in the Treasure Island casino and was pretty easy to find. I LOVED the decor. I'm also a huge fan on the nautical look so if you are too this is your place! The decor is really what you'd be coming for. Seaglass, knots, anchors, buoys, it is nautical heaven. 

Food: I would give the food 3 or 4 stars out of five? nothing spectacular but still delicious. I tried the crawfish (delicious, the garlicy broth was the best part), lobster roll (it was served cold even though the waitress told us it would be warm...it was okay but I've had better) Cioppino (good but almost too tomato heavy for me, it was too thick and almost tasted like spaghetti sauce). however, portion sizes are LARGE. 

Service: Our server was friendly but she didn't check on us too often and we would run out of drinks and sit there for a good 10 minutes before she came back to give us refills. HOWEVER, towards the end of the meal a busser or another older filipina waitress started serving us and she was awesome. She refilled everything and kept our table clean. 

Price: Average Vegas restaurant price plus it's seafood so a plate will run you at least $25. 

Would I go again? - Yes but I wouldn't be sad if I missed it. (I live in CA and go to Vegas almost every year).
I really didn't thought the quality of the food did not substantiate the higher prices at this restaurant located inside Treasure Island. The one thing I did like is that the employees were always giving us samples of alcohol, although I don't really like to drink alcohol while eating food as it conflicts with the food.

Anyhow, I ordered a cup of clam chowder but in retrospect, I should have ordered the bowl because they ended up being the same price. Then, I had some oysters. These were pretty decent, but just make sure that your waiter brings you enough lemons to douse over the oysters. Then, my main dish was the cioppino. I was completely disappointed with this dish. It was not very good. It was very bland and lacked any sort of flavor with the combination of all the seafood. I recall cioppino that I have eaten at other restaurants being superior to the dish I had at Seafood Shack. When I received the bill, I was mad that I had to pay so much for a mediocre dinner. I wish I had gone somewhere else, but my friend chose our dinner destination. Fail.
Went here for dinner and it's about average food. The wedge salad is decent but it could have used a bit more bleu cheese for the size, I ate a lot of just lettuce with no toppings. The lobster roll was a bit below average with not that much flavor for some reason but the fries were pretty good. I would maybe pass this one up if you are looking for really good seafood
I read in the Arizona Republic a great article about "Maui's favorite" opening in Scottsdale, Thursday. I was so stoked, as this is one my all-time favorite spots for fish tacos.  I even planned my day around eating fish tacos for lunch. We drove to 16640 N Scottsdale Rd, which is a hidden location off Bell, (not Frank Lloyd Wright as the AZ newspaper published). The OTHER item the AZ Republic author and editor missed is "Which Thursday were they opening?" 

We walked into the smell of fresh paint and a really friendly new owner apologizing that we were here too early. He was unaware the AZ Republic ran the article, but happy that we are DEFINITELY coming back as the Maui spot, named for the original owner's cat, is really incredible. Coconut is already painted on the wall and the surfboard shaped tables fill the restaurant which is larger than it's Maui parent.

The Kihei favorite opens its first mainland location Thursday 4-4 at the corner of N Scottsdale Rd and Bell in Scottsdale, AZ!
I ate at the original Coconut's on Maui for the first time three years ago and the fish tacos turned me into a fish lover, I DO NOT like fish that has a fishy flavor so I have avoided eating it all my life. Not so after eating at Coconut's on Maui.

When I found out they were coming to Scottsdale I emailed the Maui owner to let him know how thrilled I was they were coming to AZ.

My husband and I were invited to the pre-opening party which we sadly missed but we made it in for dinner tonight, grand opening day.

The original owner Mike and the franchise owner Kim were there to greet customers. That is one of Coconut's draws on Maui, the friendly service and I can tell Mike has made sure that it will continue here in AZ, you will feel the Hawaiian Aloha when you walk in.

Let me tell you..... the food was as good as it is at the Maui Coconut's.
The fish tacos are not to be missed, they boast using 17 ingredients and they are large enough to share although I ate all of mine by myself. This fish is so fresh and they make everything on their menu fresh from scratch daily.

You can't find fish any better than this anywhere in AZ, and again it is as good as the fish at the Maui store.
Their fish and chips are lightly breaded and you get one piece of mahi mahi and one piece of ono with fries. All delicious. 
Their coleslaw is their secret recipe and uses coconut milk, it really is the best coleslaw I have eaten.

The dcor is similar to the Maui store even the surf board tables are made by the same craftsman.

Do yourself a favor, if you want a fresh, light and healthy but EXTREMELY yummy meal give them a try.

p.s. they also have chicken, vegetarian choices and beef but you will be missing out if you do not try the fish.

Thank you Mike and Kim!
Do you love fish tacos?  Then this is the place for you! A ray of sunshine has come to the Valley, straight from the shores of Maui! 

Although my husband chows down on just about everything, I have to admit, without some prodding from me, he rarely raves about anything, and he had plenty to say about his fish tacos yesterday . . . He knew what he wanted when he walked in the door.  He had no idea he was going to get two plates with one taco each -- one mahi mahi and one ono -- both piled high with juicy fresh fish and 17 secret ingredients most noticeably the mango salsa and coconut slaw which are Hawaiian island sweet and tangy.  Both fishes were equally delicious!

I had the fish and chips, a heaping serving of ono and mahi mahi, lightly fried. It came with a mound of perfectly cooked skinny fries, enough for three people to share! It also came with a small side of slaw. I love this slaw -- sweet from the coconut milk with a hint (and I do mean the smallest amount) of heat from wasabi. Oh so delectable! Heaven! 

I have a long list of must-tries including any one of the local fish cooking styles, and the chowder which is New England style with mahi-mahi and ono. Gluten free items are abundant, too.

The restaurant itself is on the small side, and it's order at the counter, get your number, server comes out when it's ready. Benches and tables imitate surfboards. The patio is the place to be if the weather is nice . . . much more quiet. They play island music to add to the ambiance. The owner Kim was on-site and we had a really nice chat with him about his plans for the Valley. We're so glad they picked North Scottsdale for the first location. 

Love, love, love Coconut's . . . it's just missing one thing and it would be perfect . . . the beach!
After reading that Coconuts fish taco's were the best I had to try them. And everything I'd read was true. The fish tacos were amazing. The best fish taco's I'd ever had. My fiance ordered the fish and chips and the fish was pretty good too. Their tarter sauce was probably the second best part of both our meals. I will definitely be going back.
Wow. I was not sure what to expect when we came here on Saturday night. We live nearby and have seen a few restaurants try out this location and not make it very long. But we love Hawaii and anything tropical so when we saw a place called Coconuts we had to stop in. Holy moly this place was incredible. 

The service: friendly but not intrusive. 
Atmosphere: casual (order then sit and they bring food to you). 
Food: Hawaii in your mouth. 

The coconut shrimp was light, fresh and flavorful. The fish tacos were heavenly. One server told us people in Maui wait an hour to get these tacos and I understand why now! I will be back. Awesome patio too. You gotta try this place!
The fish and chips was delicious and everyone there was very nice. I heard about the original Coconut's in Maui from my boss and now know why she loved it so much. I will definitely be a regular now.
It's a little storefront.  You order at a counter and about 15 minutes later (it will be freshly prepared) someone brings you your food.  You fill you own soda and iced tea. The menu is limited almost exclusively to fish, shrimp, and calamari, prepared either fried or as tacos.  How can Coconut's possibly earn five stars??

The answer is in two words -- fish tacos.  You get two to an order for about $10, served on individual plates.  At dinner, one filled me up about 3/4 of the way, so you can order soup, salad, or a side dish and share.  But you may prefer overstuffing yourself to giving up that second taco.

The staff will proudly inform you that there are 17 ingredients in a taco, but by itself that doesn't prove anything.  What's important here is that there are not one or two, but three distinct components that shine through, each one a superstar.  #1 - the fish, which is a mixture of grilled ono and mahi-mahi.  #2 - the cole slaw, chunks of cabbage with coconut milk (no mayo).  #3 - fresh mango pieces.  The other 14 ingredients no doubt are also contributers to the overall flavor.  You pick up the taco with your hands so that you get a mixture of ingredients in each bite, dripping juice and dribbling tomato pieces onto your plate, grinning from ear to ear, and not talking to anyone while the flavor lasts.

I can't say quite as much for the other menu items.  For example, the fish and chips is okay, with the fish being the same fine ono and mahi-mahi but the preparation being indifferent deep frying.  The chips (french fries), however, are almost as good as McDonalds, and that's saying something.  I still have to try the coconut shrimp, chowder, and a couple of other sides ... if I can ever find the room.
Hawaii boy out here in Scottsdale for work and what do I find...the best fish tacos in the world!!! I've been to the Kihei restaurant many times, and this has the exact same quality and care put into it. Check it out!! Get the fish tacos, and thank me later ;)
Was ok for a quick meal. Was expecting more for some reason but then again, it's in the desert and not a few steps from the beach like Maui. 
Fish tacos were quite good. Also had blackened island style Mahi Mahi. So so. 

Kids dog was huge. I'll give them another shot but will probably get it to go..almost 50 bucks for 2 adult and two kids.
WOW! Finally some real fish tacos in the desert. These super stuffed delights are so d@mn tasty. Not cheap, but not pricey either. Don't worry you will be full. The fish is super fresh & the mango's, plus the other 15 ingredients work in harmony.
I picked up a friend for lunch yesterday and when the location we originally planned to go had no parking (impatient) we drove up to North Scottsdale to try Coconut's since I had read so many great things about it. The restaurant is very clean and not too theme-y, I liked the layout. They have a patio and tvs inside playing Hawaiian films on silent. They have a pretty big menu, and I asked if it was possible to have two different tacos with the tacos plate (I wanted to try the fish but couldn't commit to two). I was advised that they don't "do that", so I just got two chicken tacos with a side of fries and a drink ($18). We were told the wait would be about 15 minutes and it wasn't too busy but we kept ourselves occupied. My friends fish tacos came out first, and when I came back to my seat after getting a refill I saw one taco and fries. I was a little confused, but about 5 minutes later out came the other taco. I was also confused because since they came out on different plates - why couldn't I get two different ones? Whatever

The tacos are giant and you could probably share two and a side with someone else. I wasn't a huge fan of the mango salsa (or any sweet salsas for that matter), but I liked the tacos and probably would have enjoyed them more if I put some hot sauce on. I also liked the fries - came in a huge basket that we shared. The service was good and while it was a little pricey, I will probably come back to try their infamous fish tacos.
So sorry to report I hade such high expectations and was so disappointed ! Packets of mayonnaise??. Restaurants in Scottsdale do better than that! Food quality did not even compare to anything in Hawaii who are your food vendors?m
The fish tacos were okay and large, although they weren't very flavorful considering they advertise 17 ingredients.  This is the only reason I am giving them an additional star, the size of the tacos (although they should be large because 2 of them cost $11 - expensive for a fish taco place).  First, the cashier was very helpful, but was trying to sell me things that were not gluten free when I already told her I was gluten free.  This was in response to them being out of fries...on a weekend night.  How are you out of fries when a large part of your menu is fish and chips?

Then, the wait.  We were one of five tables, all of which had their food when we ordered, and it took over 20 minutes to get our food.  This seems like a long time for a restaurant where you go up to a cashier and order.  Plus, about ten minutes into our wait, a line began to form.  This line didn't move until we got our food 10 minutes later.  Expect to wait in line and for your food.

The service...was terrible.  The girl that served us our food was snotty and rude.  This was our first time there and when we asked her a question, she gave us a terrible attitude.  Then, we asked the manager about the asian fish.  He talked about the wasabe marinade/coating on the fish, we weren't sure what it was but it was missing.  He was arguing that we should've known and told him that it was missing.  We only figured this out after we told him it had no flavor and he told us it has lots of flavor, but he couldn't understand that it wasn't on the fish. How were we going to know it was missing when it was our first time there.  They were also out of the salad dressing we ordered.

Overall, the food is okay, but the service, cost, and wait times will prevent us from returning.  I was hoping it would be good like the Fish Shop in San Diego, but it was not.  Disappointed.
Every bit as delicious as Coconuts Maui!  Loved the fish tacos!!  Enjoyed the Coconut shrimp and fries were also good.  Longboard beer to make you feel like you're on the island.  
Scottsdale owner stopped by to ask about quality of food and service and was happy to take our input.  
We had stumbled upon Coconuts in Kihei (Maui) just a week prior and thought the food was terrific.  So happy to have this new taste of paradise situated only a couple of miles from home.
Highly recommended.
Surprised how good and large the portions are. Thought it was pricey at the order counter them I saw the portion sizes.
My wife had two fish tacos with Mahi and Ono I had the fish burger with Ono.
We just returned from Kauai and my IMO was a $32.00 meal on the island!
We have not been to their restaurant in Kihei before now I suppose we will on our next visit to Maui.
Good job and glad to see you in our neighborhood.
I love having this healthy option near home.  I have been here twice now and I enjoyed it every time.  I keep having the same thing because it was so delicious.  The local fish is a platter with grilled fish, any way you like it.  I always choose the south of the border, it is spicy, but not burn your tongue spicy.  I love it.   You also get the cole slaw and tomatoes and onions.  I never eat all my brown rice.  I was glad that the second time I got it, the amount of rice was smaller, I still left about half of it on the plate.  I am a portion conscious person and I think the piece of fish is really big.  My hubby had the seafood salad and it was delicious, I stole one of his grilled shrimp.  The first time the wait was a little long, but it was the first week they were open.  The second time the food was out within 20 minutes, which is very reasonable.  This will definitely be in my rotation.
Bill G
I was on vacation in Scottsdale last week and we stumbled across Cocconuts!!! We went in and fell in love with the place. Their were eight people in our party and we gave them 8 thumbs up!!! The owner Kim was very interested in how our food was and is a real cool guy. Whether I am in Hawaii or Scottsdale I will be sure to stop in my "new" favorite restaurant.
Aloha! But wait, maybe Baja Fresh should consider hanging around az a little longer. I heard about this place and thought I would give it a shot. Just like some other reviews, i feel that the fish tacos are huge. I thought the norm for tacos these days were maybe 3 smaller tacos. And this place serves your tacos on individual plates. These tacos are very busy lots of ingredients. Service was good. Pricing.. Little steep but not surprised knowing the address. Might be back. Not sure.
Coconut's Fish Cafe is a casual semi fast food kind of place where you order at the counter get an order number, seat yourself,  and someone runs your food to you. They feature mostly fish of Mahi Mahi , Ono , or Ahi and the signature dish is their Fish Tacos. 

I tried the signature dish , the fish tacos. I liked that they gave you lots of fish in your tacos that with all the sauces on it the fish had a nice fresh taste. I also thought the coconut milk dressing was a nice touch This dish is two dishes of food and you can't eat it all because of the four white corn tortillas and the what seemed like a half head of colon cleanser, (cabbage) that's chopped in really big pieces. It's GOOD if you think of it as an open tropical cabbage salads with fish. I say that because I found it impossible to pick up even after eating half the toppings to pick up. 

The Ono Fishburger my husband ordered had a very tasty piece of grilled fish on it. But this fish comes with too many sauces. South of the Border Sauce (if you order that flavor) Tarter and all that coconut milk sauce from the coleslaw. You need to order that on the side unless you like all that mixed together. It also comes with a thick slice of tomato and a pile of shredded cheese. 

I like the concept of this place mostly healthy lighter proteins and lots of cancer inhibiting cabbage that stimulates the immune system kills harmful bacteria and helps burn fat from your body among lots of other things.

I don't like the sleeveless servers because it doesn't seem sanitary.

I also don't like the toilet paper dispenser in the un-hanicapped ladies bathroom because it's nearly on the floors and I thought about photographing my toes to get the paper. However I really didn't want to BURN that image in anybodies mind so I didn't.

3.5 Stars
I think it is really more of a 3.5, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt as I have only been here once and give them the 4 stars. Let me start by saying that I came across this place as I way planning a trip to Maui for this summer and when I realized that Coconut's opened in Scottsdale I figured we would try it here first. I was very excited that they serve ono fish (my personal favorite and one of the only fish I like). I went with my mom and the BF yesterday for lunch. The BF got the fish and chips and my mom and I shared the fish tacos (thankfully!). The BF thought the fish and chips were just ok. I thought they were pretty meh. They didn't have a lot of flavor and I definitely wouldn't return here for the fish and chips. The fish tacos, on the other hand, were very tasty. The fish was tasty and not too 'fishy.' The sauces and slaw were all very delicious and came together nicely with the fish. My complaints include that you cannot pick up the taco, it is too big and it's hard to eat, the bottom tortilla was so hard I had to saw through it with a knife to eat it, and I wish they had the option of getting one taco because I feel that I could not go here alone because I don't want to throw away a whole taco (it's way too much food). The prices are high, but they do give you a lot of food. I would probably come here again if someone else suggested it or if I were in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't rush out and drive across town to come here.
I have patronized this restaurant 2x in the past 10 days.  Love it!  Had the fish tacos both times.  The staff is awesome.  The food is fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere is perfect.  The famous fish tacos are sold in pairs.  The only change would be to sell the tacos 1 per order.  Sometimes you want 2 and sometimes you only want one or maybe you want 3 to share!  Otherwise, it is all good.
The fish tacos are amazing! The $11 price initially seems high for just 2 tacos, but these things are huge and well worth the price. North Scottsdale has lots of choices that are more expensive, but you won't find anything better for $10-15. The restaurant is pretty casual with a clever surfer vibe. It's not super fast, but if they're making it all from scratch with lots of fresh ingredients, you shouldn't expect it to come out in less than 5 minutes anyway. I'll be back to this spot for sure.
My co-workers brought this in the building and said that I could try some of their fish tacos.. biting into the food felt like I needed to be sitting on beach somewhere with the warm sun over me and a margarita in the other hand.

So delicious and the flavors mixed together so well.. it wasn't deep fried fish as I typically think of when I think of 'fish tacos'. Grilled fish, mango, tomatoes, cilantro with sauce. Absolutely fresh. The fries were pretty typical and salty. This is a must-stop whenever I'm in the Scottsdale area again.
"Great place, nice and clean, good atmosphere! The fish tacos are, no kidding, excellent!!"
Food was amazing! Had the shrimp & chips and my daughter had the kids fish & chips.  This place has great staff, it's very clean (even smells like Hawaii!), and the food was great!  Will be coming here again!!  Welcome to Scottsdale Coconut's!
I didn't expect to find such fresh flavorful fish in Scottsdale!  We had heard it was good and were pleasantly surprised.  We had the fish & Chips and found the coleslaw and fries great accompaniments. The restaurant was clean and bright and staffed with caring individuals.  The only reason that its not 5 stars is that I paid more for the casual/fast food than I thought I should.
Really good food and fun atmosphere with the surfboard tables.  Everyone was super friendly.  After ordering at the counter, we sat down and enjoyed the tv videos of surfers.  Our food came out very quickly.  The fish tacos were fantastic, albeit a bit messy.   I would definitely order those again!  B/F had the fish and chips and he really liked those as well as the coconut slaw.  They also have nice beer.  I think it is a bit pricey for the casual atmosphere (I can see folks being more willing to pay those prices on vacation in Maui).  That being said, if it was a fancy atmosphere, folks would pay those prices all day long and think it was a steal as the quality is so good.
A little bit of Maui in Scottsdale!
Great fresh healthy food.
Tucked into a small shopping center next to Paris-Paris off Scottsdale Road and Bell.  If you've ever had WaHoo's, you have a good idea what to except.  It's Hawaiian style fish tacos.  This means:
     - Fish is grilled, not battered and fried
     - Fish is mahi-mahi or ono
     - fish comes in good size chunks
     - No cheese or sour cream
     - The portions are HUGE

The fish was fresh, the mango salsa topping was delish.  My husband and I each got the fist tacos, 2 to an order, and both commented that next time we'd get one order and try something else.

My biggest complaint are the prices (10.95/order for the tacos) and that the rest of the limited menu is made up of fried foods.  There aren't any sides to speak of (fries or onion rings), the apps are all fried (shrimp, calimari, etc).  Seemed out of place for a joint which serves everything fresh and homemade.

Overall a good tropical style fish taco.
Great food, super dope atmosphere & friendly staff!!! Hang loose Scottsdale !!!!
These are the best fish tacos ever! I came on a recommendation from a friend who just visited them in Maui, and wow I'm so glad I came! Met the owner of the franchise when I was eating dinner and he was very helpful and friendly and shared his whole story on how he opened the location.
This place is good the fish tacos are great they taste fresh and its grilled not fried which is great for me because I'm not a huge fan of fried fish tacos. Be careful though because there's two in an order but the tacos are so stuffed you may only be able to eat one. The staff is very friendly and attentive I didn't know the was avocado in the mango salsa which I'm highly allergic too I told the cashier and she had them make me a new order without any attitude. The only thing I might complain about is the inside is kind of bland there's very little decor but I think the service and great food makes up for it. I will definitely be a repeat costumer especially since it's so close to my house
A dream come true!!  My favorite restaurant in Maui is now here in Scottsdale! It's healthy.  It's fresh.  It's fun with an inviting atmoshere!   Walking in, you instantly feel like you are on vacation.  Walking out, you feel relaxed and not guilty since the food is fresh and healthy.
They are known for their fish tacos.  Quite truthfully, they are the BEST!  However, my favorite is the ono fishburger.  The seafood chowder is also to die for!
Thank you for bringing Coconuts to Arizona!!!  I'm one happy girl!
Outstanding! The fish tastes so fresh. The fish tacos are amazing. The first time we went the chef was walking around greeting everybody and the second time the owner or manager was walking around to every table and talking to people. That's impressive as good service is so hard to find. Can't wait to check out the Maui location in a few weeks.
So sorry to report I hade such high expectations and was so disappointed ! Packets of mayonnaise??. Restaurants in Scottsdale do better than that! Food quality did not even compare to anything in Hawaii who are your food vendors?

Went back tonight and had the fish tacos (because i had a gift card to use up) wow  they were amazing!!!! I would so go back and have the fish tacos anytime!
Coconut's Fish Cafe, Scottsdale, AZ

I found the restaurant and reviews on Yelp. My friend and I decided to try it for lunch. We were pleasantly surprised. The restaurant was clean, the service friendly, and the food very fresh and tasted great. 

We would recommend Coconut's to friends and frequent it again.
Came at three in afternoon on a weekday.  Only two other patrons, one appeared to be an owner set up with laptop at a table.  Only two tables clean-ish, floor dirty.  Door handle was sticky.  No one greeted, and we had to wait for counterhelp.  

Wall mounted menu vague, and little explaination offered. First impressions make it harder to set an enjoyable experience.  More of a order at a counter-fast food type of dining, not at all like accolades posted from Zagat on walls (obviously not this location).  A bit pricey for fast food style... $30.  for two drinks, a fish sandwich and a cup of chowder.

Food brought out,  and handler made commentary on how my companion had asked her fish burger be prepared.  She is diet restricted and did not have coleslaw or tartar sauce on her sandwich.  He had to finish with a shot that her food looked 'weird' to him.  Not appropriate.  

The slaw/salad I ordered was on a melamite dish, sloppy and runny... And the chowder was in another non-New England style rendition of New England style fish chowder.  I was rather ambitious, I suppose, ordering same from a Hawaiian motif establishment... My bad.  

Overall, a pass on experience.  My food was ok, served as fast food is.  Fish was ok, bun was dried out, and really not anything better than a fast food chain fish sandwich.  Expected more wow, I guess.  

Admittedly, we are fish snobs, but for the price, it was not a comprehended value.  Chowder, amount of fish a little light, and it had tomato, which conflicted the tastes.   Yeah, not 'wonderful'.  The fish did not taste frozen, but really had no taste at all.  Lack luster. 

Environment definately negated experience, as did manager loudly arguing on the phone at counter.  Once an experience has set a poor impression, it really requires a stellar comeback to rebound.  The food was not that good to relive.
So after seeing all of the race reviews and having driven by this little place, thought we would go see what it was all about. Upon first walking in the door you are greeted by a strong coconut smell. Not bad. And sort of expected. But strong. Then we walked up to the counter where who we can assume was the manager was arguing on the phone with someone and didn't give us a second glance. The cashier walked by us and said we would be helped in a moment. So we looked over a very undescriptive menu. To our right was another employee eating their food. To our left was the owner. When the cashier came back we told her it was our first time there and then she told us "well then wait a second" while she left to talk to the employee eating. We stood there and waited until she came back and half heatedly tried to explain the menu options, only confusing us. I wound up ordering the fish burger and my mother had the "new England clam chowder". I'll get to that in a second. So while this happened the manager is still arguing and the owner is on his laptop. So I go and get some "iced tea". Which apparently translates to "Luke warm tea". It was so nasty and left a weird taste in my mouth. I've had that brand before and always liked it. So I was surprised. All of the tables were filthy, despite the employees hanging around and the lack of any customers besides ourselves. There was trash pieces on the floor. We essentially bused our own table before we could even sit down. Then when our food finally arrived I was told that I basically ordered my food incorrectly for asking there to be no tartar sauce. Not one but two employees came to tell me so. I don't like tartar sauce. On the walls are all of these praises from varying sources! So I thought "well the food should be good!" Upon closer inspection all of the framed reviews are from their Hawaii location. Not the Scottsdale one. Seemed kind of weird to us. But oh well it's a new location, right? All of numbers are super worn and faded and the drink machines look crazy old. Well maybe they were saving money for the decor? So I take a bite of my fish burger and the bread instantly tastes chalky. The fish was alright so I ate that instead. My mom had the chowder and the coleslaw. The coleslaw was bland and gross. Just like cabbage with a cream over it. The chowder tasted like it came from a can. And it had tomatoes. Which is really weird. I was born and raised in boston. I had never seen a "new England style" chowder with tomatoes. So we picked at our food. Cleared our plates. Bused our table. Again. Then slowly made our way to the door. We were completely ignored. No one said goodbye, or even acknowledged we had been there. Bottom line: won't be going back. The establishment wasn't even slightly impressive. We talked about our concerns next to the eating employee who stared at us then walked away completely ignoring what we had said to her.
If you could get past the pricey menu, the food is pretty good. Liked the Ono fish burger and had nice presentation. The fish tacos are so big that each one could be a meal in itself. The tacos are hard to eat since you can't pick them up or fold them. Good size basket of fries and the fish chowder is pretty tasty. The calamari is the breaded strip style while you would expect the real ring style. The coconut shrimp was good but the sauce that it came with could have been better. Overall it is a welcome break from just burgers while being more healthy.
Took the husband and daughter for a birthday dinner to Coconut's.  The place was empty when we arrived, but started to receive customers near the end of our meal.  Long story short and $45 later buys you a lot of slaw, dressing, tomatoes, mango, etc. but very little fish in the fish tacos:-(  My husband had the fish and chips which were solid pieces and done well with fries.  My daughter had the fish burger and for $11 you would think that fries would come with it.  Again, lot's of dressing and little meat,  However, the seafood chowder was pretty good. Plus my husband had a beer for $5. The place is casual with surfboard tables and benches, 2 big screen tvs showing surfers riding the big wave.  Glad we tried it, but unlike other reviews it didn't make me feel like I was in Hawaii, and yes, I have been and have had better fish in Hawaii.
The food, service, decor, and cleanliness, are outstanding . I ordered the Fish Taco, and took home half. Kim and his staff were excellent and very friendly. This has only been opened five weeks, but it is a winner.
I love having this restaurant so close to my home. I've been there about 5 times now and really love it. As everyone else has said, the fish tacos are awesome. I am a fan of grilled fish and never order fried so it's nice to be served a fast food dish that is healthy and delicious at the same time. I also enjoyed their local style any fish plate. The Asian Flair is my favorite as it has a wasabi kick to it. It's served with brown rice and their coleslaw which is one of the best I've had and they make it with coconut milk instead of mayo. I tried the blackened the other night and it was way too salty for me and couldn't even eat it. They were nice enough to exchange it to plain grilled for me. I don't agree about the prices as you can't compare a fast food place like McDonalds to the quality of this food. I would like to see more appetizer choices that aren't fried and  a chowder that wasn't cream based. But I have to admit the calamari was yummy.
I'm off to Maui in June and looking forward to checking out the original Coconuts.
Not the best fish tacos I've ever had but pretty good.  For first timers they recommend their coconut shrimp for appetizers and their fish tacos for the meal.  The shrimp were surprisingly good - batter a tad bit too thick in that you could barely taste the shrimp but the coating had a good flavor with the coconut.  We liked it better than we thought it would be.  
The fish tacos come as 2.  They are HUGE.  Even my bf thought you could do just one as a meal with the shrimp appetizer.  The tacos came with a LOT of fish and toppings and sauces.  Flavorful.  I tend to like mine simpler but with the amount of fish you get, it's pretty impressive.  What I really liked is that they really crisp up the bottom tortilla so that when you pick it up to eat, the tortilla stays in tact.  No worrying about it coming apart which is good b/c the toppings are overflowing.  I do like that they had a good amount of chunks of mango for the mango salsa.  They don't skimp.
I miss the fish tacos back home but these are a pretty good substitute.
Healthy, Different, Fresh ingredients, "Sustainable" atmosphere, Eco-friendly. Best item on the Menu is the Taco Island... Think Fish Taco with 17 ingredients on a bed of brown rice instead of a tortilla.  Oh it's good to try the other items on the menu, but this one you'll come back to
Been here once, will be returning.  

Best.  Fish tacos.  Ever.

Fish delicious, grilled, fresh, and plenty of it.

Fresh, good Hawaiian beer on tap.  

Superb customer service.

They have one other restaurant in Maui, rated best restaurant in Maui and #1 fish tacos in the USA.  I agree with the rating.
I love some of the people who gave this place 1 star just so they could be different and go against the grain.  I mean come on people, Phoenix has some of the worst restra
A tasty fish taco (ono and mahi mahi) that makes it easy to tolerate the very cliched Bob Marley inspired surf ambiance that permeates the place.  One complaint.  Come up with a sub $10 lunch option or two.  This is a lunch heavy neighborhood and that is an important cost threshold for diners.
Visited the establishment for the first time on 5/26. Fish taco tasted very fresh and tasty.  

While this place is a order at the counter and have food delivered to your table, they also promptly remove dishes after you have finished your meal.

Prices are in the 9-13 range for meals.. Again.. you get what you pay for when comparing to places that charge less!
Wife and I stumbled upon Coconuts after a movie. We both ordered the fish tacos and had a great conversation with the owner. Come one come all for some amazing tacos. Enjoy.
Awesome place. Can't think of a negative. My wife and I both had the fish taco platter. We also had the Onion Rings and I had the Fish Chowder. Chowder was solid, OR's were some of the best we ever had, and the Tacos were amazing. Fish was fresh, the white corn tortillas are delicious (and didn't break apart-- a bonus), and the mango salsa is phenomenal. We will be back...and back...and back...
Heard good things about this place and decided to check it out.  My wife and I ate there for lunch today and were very impressed.  The atmosphere is very nice.  Great surfboard tables.  Hawaiian beer on tap.  Nice.  Since we hadn't been here before we had no idea about the serving size.  I ordered the two tacos and my wife ordered the fish burger (sandwich).  The tacos were so big that we could have split them and been fine.  The tacos were the best fish tacos I've ever eaten and the fish sandwich was fantastic.  The seasonings and ingredients were all spot on.  The owner delivered our food and decided to talk with us for awhile.  The staff was very friendly.  We'll have to try more of the menu next time but what we had was excellent.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
After reading all the great reviews about there fish tacos I had to check this place out for my self. This place was a pretty awesome place I really liked the tables that were shaped like surfboards. The food was really good and healthy. Like others have said the fish tacos were good but not the best. The prices were a bit high for lunch but then again fish isn't really cheap. This place also offers local Hawaiian beer which I also thought was cool. Overall if you looking for a place thats healthy and good this place is worth checking out.
I don't like coleslaw. I don't like fish. The fish tacos with coleslaw are amazing and also gluten free. I am so happy this place opened!
After discovering Coconuts and their awesome fish tacos in Mauii, I was thrilled to have one open in my own backyard. No doubt the fish tacos are the best I have had. The fresh ingredients bring out the flavors of perfectly grilled Mahi Mahi and Ono, and it is all topped with the most wonderful Mango salsa i have tasted. 

Working my way through the menu, another favorite is their local style fish. I get blackened Mahi Mahi. Again it is grilled to perfection with the blackened seasoning bringing out the flavor of the fish. It is a large portion of fish that is accompanied with brown rice and a cloeslaw that I fear I am becoming addicted to. It is not the typical mayonaise based coleslaw, rather it is made with coconut milk, some secret ingredients and just a hint of wasabi. 

As far as appetizers go, you can't beat the coconut shrimp, the calamari is tender and flavorful, and the seafood chowder is right up there with my east coast maryland crab favorites.

The staff is very friendly, the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable and the food has easily made this a new favorite. I am looking forward to working my way through more of the menu as I am sure I will not be disappointed.
This is the type of place I have been waiting to land in Scottsdale Forever!  Lets hope they make it, and I hope this town knows what a great place they have on hand here.  I haven't ventured outside of the fish tacos on the menu with the exception of the much easier to eat taco mountain, but this place delivers on all fronts.  Unassuming, great food, great staff, and even Hawaiian beers on tap.  We were fortunate enough to be there opening weekend when the chef was in from Maui and got the whole scoop on how they procure their fish and all.  Bottom line, it's a fantastic, affordable place with a great vibe, and I hope they do very well!
Enjoyed my food but found it very messy and hard to eat. I ordered the tacos but ended up eating it with a fork and knife. That's my only complaint everything else was good.
Read reviews from others and it was dead on.  Fish tacos were amazing as were the chicken tacos.  My daughter got the chicken caesar salad and said the chicken wasn't good but everything else was delicious!
Finally tried Coconuts tonight and was beyond impressed.  We were greeted with an "aloha" as soon as we walked in.  The restaurant was very clean and the staff was great.  My wife and I both ordered the fish tacos and they are by far the best I've had in Phoenix and probably anywhere.  

One order of tacos is plenty for one person.  No sides are needed, however, I'm sure they are good.  The tacos were full of fresh ingredients and you can tell that a lot of thought and care goes into the food.

It's nice to see a, healthy, well priced, really good fast casual restaurant open in North Scottsdale.  Two people can eat a big meal and get a couple soft drinks for approx $30.  Coconuts will become a regular in our restaurant rotation.
What a horrible mess. Bland, blinding (lighting) and chunky. Fish very moist but bland as hell without the squirt-bottle slather. 2 stars. Maybe for lunch?

i think they're trying to fill the hole left by Rumbi's departure across the street.

--cute upside-down wooden surfboard-like tabletops, but
# the tables slip and slide easily on the floor. hang on to your dinner!
# presentations completely off. feels like it started as a food truck and they forgot to upgrade the food when they found a permanent buiding.
# who wants to eat a huge pile of food ketchup-bottle-squirted with goopy sauce all over the top?
maybe if i'm standing at a street vendor in mexico!
# get rid of the cash register and table numbers. you can do it better and cheaper with waiter service.

This place has huge competition in the immediate area. Maybe this concept works in Hawaii, but there is absolutely no beach to be found, and the only view I have is of the parking lot and the mexican restaurant next door.
Love this place! Great customer service!! Great food!
I love the concept and the space, it always smells great when you walk in! I just wish it was more affordable. The price is just a bit much for what you get. I've had two taco mountains that were more like taco hills than mountains, very disappointing for what it costs.
We've eaten fish tacos in Maui many times, and while we haven't eaten at the Coconuts there, this one definitely captures the spirit of the Maui fish taco we know. For a pinch more coin than you'd pay at Rubios, you get a MUCH tastier (and more filling) meal.  The fish tasted fresh and flavorful, and while it's a challenge to eat (easier for me with big hands... and a big mouth), it was worth it.  I dig the mix of flavors doing a conga in my mouth.  Bring it on, brutha!

For our meal, we sneaked in for dinner about 10 minutes before close en route to a movie, but didn't get the stink-eye from the staff that I feared. They were super-helpful, friendly and attentive, bringing us extra napkins (you'll need 'em), talking about the food, and making sure we were having a good time.  The surf-board tables and big-wave videos playing on the TVs also helped with the vibe (though you remember you are in a strip mall in Arizona soon enough).

Mahalo!
YUM!  I noticed the sign for this place on my way to work every day and finally decided to give it a try last week after reading the great reviews on Yelp and I was not disappointed!  They are known for their fish tacos and I love fish tacos, so that's what I decided to order.  You get two per order and they are made with both mahi mahi and ono.  The tortillas are small, but they are overloaded to the point where you really can't pick it up and eat it taco style, but that was fine with me!  Fresh mangos, salsa, cream sauce, cabbage and lots of other good stuff made these some of the best fish tacos I have ever had!  When I come back I would probably split the fish tacos with someone and then try something else from the menu (I've heard the calamari is tasty).  Very friendly waitstaff and just a really good experience overall.  There is outdoor seating with misters and the decor is nicely done...all of the tables are shaped like surfboards!  Highly recommend!
After hearing about this place from my friends who've had it in Maui and raving about it, when they told me one just opened up here, I had to try it. My mom and my aunt and I just went and it was amazing. The restaurant is so cute especially the tables and the menu has such variety. My mom had the fish tacos that come with mango salsa and they were excellent. My aunt had the fish and chips and it was wonderful as well. I ordered the seafood pasta with Alfredo sauce and it was to die for. There was a lot Mahi Mahi and shrimp in the dish which was nice and they make it from scratch every time. The sauce wasn't too alfredoy but had a little different taste to it and it was really good! Definitely a place to go to and keep going for a long time! Plus the service is nice! So great!
The fish taco salad tasted ok but with a fountain drink my bill came to $15.10 and I was still hungry.
At last, a place that centers around healthy and tasty ways to prepare fish, not smothering it in batter and grease. The place has a fun Hawaiian surf theme, complete with tables shaped like inverted surfboards and large flatscreens showing videos (no audio, which is good) of surfers and giant waves. The fish taco mountain I ordered was a delight -- perfectly grilled chunks of fish over brown rice, with a tangy mango salsa and a flavorful dressing with what seems to be a zestful hint of wasabi. The place is extremely clean and very bright, the service is friendly, and there is also a patio area for semi- al fresco dining.
There food is outstanding! If you want fast-food
minus the future heart attack, then eat at this 
restaurant.  Their food is mostly fish, chicken,
and some other items .... It could easily become 
a national chain. It really is that good. I guarantee
it!!! Picky eater from Scottsdale, AZ
The best fish taco's in the valley,  end of the discussion.
In reading the majority of other reviews I would suggest they are pretty much spot on.   The thing I think one needs to keep in mind is that of expectation.   This isn't "fast food" which is prepared hours earlier and warmed up for your meal.   Th food is prepared fresh and the quality of the ingredients is very apparent.    Prices while not cheap are a bit misleading since the proportions are ample and 2 tacos to an order will fill you up.   We have visited 5-6 times and the place has just gotten better each time.  Our initial trip soon after opening was not nearly as efficient as have been the most recent trips.   The staff we found to be excellent and the facility is spotless even when they were very busy.

Fish tacos and the fish burger are clearly our favorites.   I think these guys have found a great niche.   The statement "good food isn't cheap, and cheap food isn't good" clearly applies.   

I would highly recommend Coconuts fish cafe!
Tried it for the first time tonight and I will definitely recommend it to my friends. Very fresh food, bursting with flavor, nice menu items...will definitely go back.
Nice clean restaurant with a really cool concept. Inside is decorated with tables that look like surf boards and big screen TV's on the walls showing people surfing on Hawaii Five-O waves.

Fish Burgers, Fish Tacos, Fish and Chips, Salads, Soups, Appetizers and more. They even have a kid's menu with the kinda stuff children enjoy. Must be under 10 years old the menu states. I wonder if they check ID's.

The wife and I both ordered their Famous Fish Tacos which they claim are rated #1 in the U.S.A. I was hoping you could choose the type of fish they put on them but they come only one way. They load it up with 17 different ingredients which may be part of the problem.

On top of it being too big to put in your mouth, the flavors of all the toppings seemed to overpower the fish. Both of us agreed it was missing something and fell flat. Not more toppings! The size of the pieces of fish also appeared to be rather small and the texture tasted like the the fish may have been previously frozen. Only saw the word FRESH on the menu when they were talking about their Baked Buns. Hmmm?

24 Bucks for 4 tacos and we were both still hungry. I'll drive to San Diego for that and then some. Would like to see some better napkins that do not fall apart as well. Cha Ching!
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally had a chance to see how good the food really is. When I first walked in it seemed like there was a buzz in the room. Guess it was people enjoying there food and time here. Very interesting with surf boards as tables and benches. 
We ordered their famous fish tacos, fish & chips and a cup of seafood chowder. Once we ordered the food then boom, it was at our table very fast and friendly service. 
I though the fish tacos were really good. The mango and tomatoes really brought out some really good flavors in those tacos. The fish and chips was good with two small portions of fish. The tartar sauce really brought out the flavor of the fish. Without the tartar sauce, the fish seemed a little dry. The seafood chowder was very good and glad we only ordered the cup cause it was perfect to share with my wife. We had just the right amount of food and thought it was a little expensive but what do you expect for seafood. 
Overall I enjoyed the service and the food. Hopefully we'll be back soon.
Holy Fishburger, Batman!  I was so excited to try this place out after friends and coworkers ranted and raved about it.  I had the fishburger asian style on a wheat bun.  It was so darned filling and delish!  the fish portion was generous, to the point where I had to eat the huge burger with a fork and knife!  My friend also shared her coconut shrimp which where perfect.  I can't wait to go back to this place!
Very good first experience. Had the mahi mahi (blackened) local style over brown rice with cole slaw and a tomato on the side and it was awesome. Place was clean and service was great. I will definitely be coming back.
Best fish tacos I've ever had - anywhere! 

Fried calamari was delicious and the dipping sauce was soooo good! I hate it when calamari is chewy, and this was def NOT chewy.

Servers might be overly attentive - always someone coming up asking how everything is, or asking to take plates away. I think I was only there for 20 minutes yet had 3 different employees checking on us every few minutes. Was a bit much but on the bright side, it's better than not at all. 

Another thing, the tacos are messy, would be nice to have napkin dispensers right at each table instead of by the drink station.
This is a very difficult review to write for me.  This place does have pretty good fish tacos.  Probably the best in the area.  They are big and full of fresh ingredients.  The fish isn't fried and wasn't too dry, but could use a bit more flavor (give me a squirt bottle of secret sauce, not Cholula hot sauce).

Here are my main issues:

1 - The tacos are too damn big.  It is impossible to eat them without making a complete mess.  Why not give 4 easy-to-eat tacos rather than 2 that are impossible to eat.
2 - Why 2 plates (one for each taco) with every order of tacos?  This is just odd and takes up way too much of the already limited table space.
3 - If they are going to serve huge, messy tacos; why can't they put a napkin dispenser on the table?  I had to make a half dozen trips to the dispenser across the room.
4 - Why no shrimp tacos?  They serve coconut shrimp (which were pretty good) so I know there are shrimp in the place.  I love shrimp tacos so I think they should be on the menu.

Anyway, the prices are reasonable, the staff is fast and friendly, the decor is unique,  and the place is clean.  I know I am overly critical but I really do think Coconuts is a great addition to the area and hope it sticks around.
Fish taco is decent but definitely not the best; does get lost under all other ingredients they pile on top of fish
Fish fillet in the fish and chips meal is dry and overbreaded, nothing to brag about.
Clam chowder was decent.
We tried fried calamari - rubbery sticks. 
They claim to prepare everything from scratch - out food came out after less than 5 minutes - not sure how it's possible to prepare fresh to order (there were 5 of us).
Not a fan...
Overall food was tasty.  Fish and chips were fried nicely.  Two portions of fish were tasty if a bit small.  Mahi over rice again was tasty and nciely grilled.  Over all prices are a little high for lunch.  It was basically $24 for 2 for lunch.  

Were it's a little strange is the setup.  You walk up to the front counter order your food and pay at the register.  Then you sit down and they bring you the food, but it's not a waiter/waitress setup.  So it's a little confusing if you tip or not.  They say it's not necessary but you almost feel like you should tip because of the way they have it setup, but if you've already paid for the food by credit card, and have no cash, then what?

Over all, food was tasty, but a little pricey and there's the situation above.  Will come back again, but probably not as often.
A great option for something different in the realm of quick-serve restaurants. The fish tacos were very filling and I had to take some of the filling out to be able to eat them, but they were LOADED with really cabbagy cabbage anyway, so I left most of that on the plates. The combination of the other flavors was good. The fish and chips was breaded v. battered, an interesting take, perhaps healthier? I will go back to try that and the sandwich. The workers were all helpful and excited to welcome new customers. It was busy mid-day since it's in a pretty commercial area. They're open til 9 and I hope they do well at dinner too! They serve beer and wine, so they probably do!
First tried Coconuts in Maui, Hawaii. Absolute best fish tacos we've ever had. My daughter and husband raved over the fish and chips, and the Ahi burger. My middle daughter fell in love with the shrimp and chips. Over all, best fish cafe on the island. I'm sure the Coconuts in Scottsdale is just as fantastic.
Premium fish cooked perfectly. Shared the fish tacos, fish and chips, fish sandwich, coconut shrimp, and calamari. All were excellent. In a nondescript mall.  Interior is casual Hawaiian.

As mentioned elsewhere the tacos are huge, messy and delicious.  The slaw and mango were great. And the fish chunks were perfect and plentiful. 

The fried fish and chips are good but frankly the fish is too good for that preparation.  The fish sandwich is generous but the bun is too much for such good grilled fish.  Eat it open face or bun-less.  

The calamari are steaks rather than rings and are fantastic. The coconut shrimp are cooked perfect and tasty. 

All the fish and ingredients are top notch. And the price is roughly $11 for the entree and $8 for an appetizer. A bit pricey but well worth it.  A premium, express fish place may not be everyone's place, but it fits me and many a casual minded foodie perfectly.
I enjoy this place for their quality food and service, but my overall sentiments seem to echo that of the other reviews.

The fish tacos are fantastic. You can tell the food good quality, and I really enjoy that the tortillas are doubled so it doesn't tear/fall apart as you eat it. The service has always been great and the employees quite friendly.

That being said, I still think they are a little on the expensive side ($11 for 2 tacos. No drink, no sides). I understand its a more quality meal than 'fast food' and that its made-to-order etc, but still seems to push it. Also, why the tacos are delicious, they are an absolute trainwreck to attempt to eat. Too large and sloppy to wrap up and eat like a normal taco without making an absolute mess of your hands and plate.
The fish tacos were pretty good but nothing super special, the coconut shrimp on the other hand were the best I've ever had! I thought the price was a little much for what you get though. Supposably the best in Maui... well the fish is probably fresher there too. Just saying.
First time to Coconut's.  I was first impressed with how nice and clean the restaurant was. The staff was very informative and friendly.
I had the fish and chips.  Not enough fish but plenty of chips. The fish was kind of dry.
I Guess I should have gotten the fish tacos.
I wanted to give more stars but I left still feeling hungry.  They gave you a very small ramekin of coleslaw and it was OK.
I will try again and hope to give more stars but for the price and portion...just didn't work this time.
I received a mailer that advertised Coconuts Fish Cafe and explained how they came to be, their philosophy of fresh food, and with two coupons. I showed my husband and we put it in the pile of places to try. Last weekend we finally gave it a try and I'm glad we did. The location is pretty close to where we live and we had actually been to the restaurant previously when it used to be a sandwich shop. It's not a bad location and the inside was completely different. 

When you first walk in, the flooring is all wood and the tables are cute surf boards. You walk up, place your order and pay. They give you a number and you take that back to wherever you decide to sit. We ordered two orders of fish tacos and an order of the coconut shrimp (our coupon was if you spent $20, get free coconut shrimp). The shrimp came out first and were AMAZING. The coconut crust was super light and crispy. (Not thick like a bread coating.) Oh, these were melt-in-your-mouth delicious. They also came with a sweet and sour like sauce for dipping. Only 6 to an order, but I could have ate another helping. 

Next our tacos arrived and it was crazy. Two tacos come per order and they come on separate plates because they are huge. There are 17 layers per taco and it is piled high. You need two hands and an extendible jaw to fit this taco in your mouth. Luckily, I grabbed forks for anything that spilled back on the plate. Overall, the tacos were delicious but very filling. My husband and I agreed we could have ordered one set of tacos and split. I'd definitely recommend sharing if you are a light eater. 

We will definitely be back!
This place is great fish tacos the Fish burger blackened out of this world!
Great fish tacos!!  my only issue is that the corn shell is WAY to small for the amount of stuff they put into it...it makes a huge mess!! servers are polite and helpful, however there was one girl just wandering about who looked to maybe be new or something...also, the uniforms were quite inappropriate...there should have been a real uniform for this job instead of short shorts and a tank top, or the one girl who looked like she just rolled out of bed...step up Coconuts and get your staff a proper uniform!! Other than that, I loved the cute surf board tables and atmosphere!! How I managed to skip over this place when I was in Maui is beyond me...maybe next time I'm there Ill check it out.
Best Fish Tacos ever ! Thank you for bring Maui to Scottsdale! The fish and ingredients are incredibly fresh, the combination of flavor layered on the tacos are so complementing and out of this world. I would like to know if there is a better fish taco out there, but somehow I don't think so.
$12 for two tacos and a courtesy glass of water in a walk up order line.
Nice interior and tasty fast food but small portions which makes it not so great of a value
Aloha! This place is AWESOME! I just came from the Big Island in June and this beats out the fish tacos we had there. Everyone is friendly and I mean everyone, because there are people all over the place helping you and keeping the place clean. Kim the owner is awesome and he helped me work through the menu and pick the right dish, fish tacos. A mix of Mahi Mahi and Ono with this fresh cole slaw. Mahalo for bringing this to the Valley of the Sun. I hope he opens the next one in Desert Ridge!
I feel compelled to spend the time to write this review after seeing how many people gave this place such a great review.  My take - Mediocre, overpriced, & a mess!   I agree wholeheartedly with Mike O.'s review from a month ago.  Ono is dry and too dense.  Can't hold on to the taco without it falling apart.  I can think of several places with better fish tacos so I do not understand what the fuss is all about.  If you like a better fish taco at a good price in this area, go to Habeneros.  It is a shame Rumbies is now out of business, it was a far superior meal at a better price.  If you think paying $11 for a 2 mediocre fish tacos is acceptable, then go ahead and try it.  And by the way, there is no salsa bar, and no chipotle mayo for your taco.
Keeping in mind that this a Fish Cafe, and not a 'McRaths'(remember them?)  I'd say this place is  pretty good.

I've been to the Maui Coconuts many times, and always had a good meal there. I've been to this new location one time, and enjoyed the "Local Style' plate/Maui. Large piece of fish, cooked great for my likes, and a nice load of brown rice and salad.

I will go again .
Went here for the first time yesterday with my mom for lunch at around 2 and it was the best! The line was almost to the door when we walked in but it went by super fast which surprised me. The store itself is kind of small but there's a lot of tables inside which is nice. The tables are surfboards which I love. The menu isn't too big but a good size for a bite to eat. The prices are a little bit high but the tacos are huge and you get two tacos for 11$ so it's worth it. We ate outside and it wasn't hot at all. The outside is covered and has fans and a bunch of misters. We did have to wait around 10-15 minutes and my mom did end up having to go inside to ask if our order was going to be done soon and right when she came back outside the food was brought out. Such good service, the guy who brought us our food was really nice and asked if we needed anything else and how it was tasting. Overall this place is awesome! Best tacos ever! I got the two chicken tacos and they were sooo good! Definitely coming back here again!
Best fish tacos I've tasted. Not to mention the amount of food added to the tacos is enough for two people. Sheesh! :-) Highly recommend this place.
Anyone in North Scottsdale not aware of Coconuts Fish Cafe yet?  This is no "fast food" restaurant!!  Quick serve maybe, but super high quality fresh ingredients with entrees around $10.  Amazing food, service and ambiance.  My wife and I had dinner there for the second time last night.  We went back for their Coconut Shrimp, but wanted to try other dishes (loved the fish tacos our first time there!).  Had the Shrimp and Chips, and a cup of fish chowder.  All excellent-- fresh, high quality, lightly battered.  Owner Kim visited with us to ensure we were happy with the experience-- nice touch!  Since I grew up in LA, the place brings back memories of Malibu, Santa Monica and Zuma Beach.  Two large screen TVs continually playing surfing and ocean films.  Staff is friendly and quick to serve.  Can't wait to introduce some friends.
Went there with three members of the Family today, and here is the lowdown from what we had to eat:

Blackened fish sandwiches were pretty darn good.  Generous portion and well seasoned.  Tartar sauce is dill-based and quite good.

Did not try the fish tacos, and I hear they are good from other family that turned us on to this place.

Here are my issues.  On the outside of the store there is a huge sign on the canopy that states:  "All of our food is made from scratch".  From "scratch".

That is simply not true.  I had the shrimp and chips basket, and the shrimp was described as butterflied and lightly battered.  Sounds good, no?  Well hate to break it to ya, but they were clearly frozen and from their local restaurant supply place.  Don't believe me?  Others have placed examples of the aforementioned shrimp in the pics section.  Have a look.  I have had these at countless chains across the country, and can spot them a mile away.  Likely TESCO or shamrock delivered.  Uninspired at best.

Also, french fries- Frozen Shoestring, Mickey D's style
Also , onion rings-  Frozen Beer battered style 

(I was fine with both of these being frozen, and there was an ample amount of both.)

What I DO have a problem with them stating that EVERYTHING is from scratch, when it is clearly not.

Also, their "famous" cole slaw was bland, practically tasteless on its own.  It fared better on the really well done fish sandwiches.

I am not by any means a "power" reviewer on this site, but I am being honest here.  Fix your breaded shrimp and do them the right way.  Not that hard, and likely cheaper in the long run.  

OR, change that sign out front because it is not indicative of what is happening with some of your food.  Not going to one star this review because of the excellent service and fish sandwich.  I hope you guys do well, but be honest or change a couple of things.
Went to Coconuts for the first time tonight because we needed a touch of Hawaii.  In one word "Aaaamaaazing".  The fish tacos were fresh and delicious, tasty and with a tinge of sweetness and very satisfying.  The best thing about it was it was all gluten free and just what the doctor ordered.  We sat on the patio in August, which was a feat in itself given that it was extremely comfortable with the misters and the fans.  Who said you can't eat outdoors in Scottsdale in August.  No problemo, it was very comfortable.

Met Kim, the owner, who was a delightful man, and had a wonderful chat.  The restaurant's not fancy, just very comfortable with great food.  We'll definitely be back.
Saw this place was new so went with the wife after her target practice at the gun club. Am originally from Hawaii so always liked island food.  The place is a little kitschy with surf board tables and Hawaiian music playing. At least the Hawaiian music was not something too touristy.

Wife had the fish tacos and I went with the fish burger. Also ordered a side of onion rings. At $6.99 the rings are a bit pricey but they give you a ton!  They may be frozen as a previous reviewer reported but hot and crunchy.  We are all but one. 

The fish tacos come on two plates and are good size. They have fruit on top and are tasty. It comes with a lemon wedge but I wish it was lime. No cilantro either and not spicy. Coleslaw instead. Overall good but not outstanding. 

The fish burger was much better. Coleslaw again with tomato and sauce. Nice piece of fish. Well cooked too not tough like so many places I've had a fish burger. It is actually a piece of fish and not ground so kudos for that. I had the Ono and I would recommend it.  Also had the asian zing sauce, again recommended. I had the wheat bun and I think I will try the sesame next time as the wheat bun is okay but a better bun would make this sandwich epic! 

Good place, very busy. Will be back. 

Overall a
We always enjoy coming to Coconuts. It's a great alternative to the ubiquitous burger or taco places. The food is delicious and healthful and the staff always friendly. If you're undecided, try the Cajun style Mahi over brown rice- yummy!
Friendly, helpful service along with incredibly tasty food. Mahi Mahi burger was wonderful, fish tacos with mango jalapeo salsa were superb and the French fries were as good as I've ever had. This is a must go if you are in the area.
My family and I decided to try this place out last night. It's located right next to Carlos O'Brien s, has a nice parking lot layout.  The place is decorated with a Hawaiian theme with flat screens playing surfing videos. 

We ordered with the gal at the front counter and she was SUPER nice and giving recommendations on drinks and such but didn't really tell us what to expect or how the routine was. We didn't realize that you're supposed to get your own silver, napkins, condiments, etc. 

We ordered 3 mains, 3 appetizers, and 2 beers and a tea, and the bill before tip came to over $82.00 which gave us all a little shock. We didn't have a problem with the bill; most places in Scottsdale are about this price BUT usually, the places that charge $20 or more per person also include table service and a set table. 

We had the calamari appetizer, the coconut shrimp appetizer, fish tacos, fish & chips, and a chowder. The calamari was excellent, the coconut shrimp was very decent (good dipping sauce-sweet/spicy but I suspect frozen). My dad loved his tacos, my mom not so much (she felt like they could have put more fish and less fluff cabbage on it, especially since you're paying over 10 bucks for just two tacos). I loved my fish (great breading on the mahi!) but the chips were obviously frozen shoestring potatoes that they had fried up on order. Don't get me wrong, they tasted decent enough but maybe they shouldn't say everything is made from scratch when it isn't....My husband thought the chowder was nothing special as it tasted like canned chowder soup that they had tossed previously frozen seafood bits into and doctored up. My folks couldn't stop raving about the beers though!

The food was out to us in under 10 minutes after ordering which surprised us as the dining area was full of people. We had food runner (maybe a supervisor of sorts?) who was nice enough to grab silver and etc for us but he was BAKED. (red eyes, delay in reaction, awkward interactions-the guy was not only baked but was something closed to SUPER baked :P). The guy was really nice but it was pretty darn obvious. 

The food was really good but the casual atmosphere just doesn't match the price points that they have going and almost serves as a deterrent from going on the regular. I would hate to see this place close due to greedy prices but I fear that's the path they are taking :/
Wow! How did I not know about this place before now? Coconut's Fish Cafe is a surf-style eatery with surf board tables and benches. There is outdoor seating as well, but you order first from the counter and then they bring the food to your table. They have casual food like fish tacos, fish burgers, fries, onion rings, veggie burgers, etc. 

I ordered the fish burger and you can choose between 2 or 3 types of fish and what style you'd like it (spicy, salt and pepper, blackened, etc.) I opted for the mahi mahi, spicy style. It was a good size for a little over $10 and topped with a tomato and their signature coleslaw.  Sides are extra. Very messy to eat, but so, so delicious. My one negative comment was that the fish was slightly overcooked, but it didn't stop me from inhaling the whole thing. 
My husband got the fish tacos. Also very, very messy to eat but super tasty.

The staff was genuinely friendly for a place that you order at the counter. Dogs are not allowed on their patio, just an FYI. And I wouldn't recommend this as a first date spot or anytime you want to be "neat" with your food. Be aware, you'll get some on you.
Went to coconuts with my family of 5. We are fish lovers.The fish tacos are good but most everything else ordered was either greasy bland or simply not made from scratch as advertised. Most importantly everything is overpriced. We spent $80 for greasy soggy fish & chips. Calamari that doesn't include the tentacles chowder from a can and cabbage salad that my 7 yr old said tasted like nothing. My son who'll eat anything found the steak in the tacos was  pre cooked & too spicy but the best quote belongs to my elder daughter who says " the best thing about the place is the soda machine"
This was our second and last visit. Our fish and chips was overcooked, overpriced and tasteless.  McDonald's has better French Fries, and the Cole Slaw was less than memorable.  However, our craving for Mac and Cheese was quickly put to an end by the $3.25 price for cold Kraft Mac and Cheese that was really disappointing!
i thought i wrote a review for this place? anyway, after some excellent review-age by Marisa S, the wife and i drove beyond our 1 mile radius for some early bird eatage at coconuts fish cafe. 

i had 3 fish tacos...i'm not sure what kind of fish, but it was a standard white fish. what surprised me was how much freaking fish was in those tacos! it was overflowing with the sea! and with it's tasty slaw and mango toppings, i needed a bucket full of napkins after devouring their deliciousness. the wife had a fish burger and the fish filet actually stuck out about an inch around the entire sandwich! it was incredibly big, messy, and delicious!

i was impressed! there are numerous other fish options, along with some non-fish options. the place is spotlessly clean, and looks like a chain restaurant. but it was tasty and will be on our go-to list now. staff was super friendly and it being slow when we went in, had no problems hanging and chatting with us!
The quality of the fish is excellent and I enjoy the casual atmosphere and friendly service. The price point is a little high, especially with the kids menu. I also wish they had a flour tortilla option. But the food is good and fresh with a lot of great options!
I loved the fish and chips I had here! The people that work there are very friendly and I love all the surf videos
Excellent service & ingredients.   Clean and nice curb appeal.  Check this place out
Tried this place after finding a coupon in the Inside Coup mailer.  The staff is very friendly and you can tell like to work there.  Atmosphere is nice and casual with that on-the-beach surfer stop.  Family style seating in the middle of the room and picnic benches along the wall.  Big screen TV that has surfer interviews that include that surfers styles.  No sound on.  It's a surfer restaurant and watching the guys surf is relaxing.

Kind of a fast food style place -  order at the counter, get your own drink, get your own plastic forks, knives, napkins, condiments.

Ordered the Maui Maui.  For $10.99 you get a 5x5 filet of fish on top of brown rice with a small cup of coleslaw.  My dining partner had shrimp and chips for $11.99.  6 jumbo shrimp on fries with a small cup of coleslaw.  She said the shrimp was good.

Amount of coleslaw was about 3 fork stabs worth.  The coleslaw seemed to be some chopped up iceberg lettuce with light dressing.  Couldn't really tell since there wasn't enough to tell.  Enough fries for 2 people.

The food is okay.  I've had much better Maui Maui at non-seafood restaurants.  

For two 'dinners' and one drink the total came to $25.  Terribly overpriced for the amount of food, you're not sitting down being served, and the fact that the food isn't all that special.  Maybe if the recipes were something to write home about.  

This overprice cafe (fast food restaurant) isn't something I would go out of my way to return to.  I would rather rate this a 2.5 star.
I just had fish and chips for lunch last time. I should get serious next time trying their great food.
Have been here a couple times now. I was told by a friend to order the fish tacos because they were so good. I havent tried anything else on the menu yet because I became instantly addicted to them. So good and overflowing with fish and lots of fresh toppings. Best fish tacos I've had, especially considering its not a sit down type of place
I had the fish taco bowl.. Delicious! Healthy too... Grilled fish on top of brown rice and cabbage with a mango salsa on top. New favorite spot
I love the artwork in the women's bathroom. Oh, the food is good too!
Been twice, got the Ono burger both times just because its that good, I couldn't NOT get it. Although, went with the hubby, so we also shared the coconut shrimp...so tasty as are their French fries. I think about this burger all the time and have to tried to copy at home, and just never the same. The only reason I take it down one star is for prices only. I get that they serve quality seafood, but for lunchtime for example, prices are a little on the high end.
My mahi burger with cole slaw was very tasty.  I got it Cajun style and it had just the right amount of spice without overpowering the fish.
Absolute best food I had the entire time I was in Phoenix visiting. The two of us shared the coconut shrimp, fish burger, and fish taco. Best seafood I've ever had. I could eat this every day.  A. M. A. Z. I. N. G.
What a fun little find! We had the fish tacos with the amazing, homemade mango salsa. Everything tasted so fresh. The furniture are cute surfboard tables and benches. There is also mist patio outside (no dogs). 

Hope to visit the original restaurant in Maui someday. Thanks for bringing a piece of Hawaii to Scottsdale!
I live just a minute away.  And have never been here.   In one word "Awesome"!!!   I like the beach atmosphere.  Surfboards for the tables.  The fish tacos are great. The menu has alot more I want to try.   I will definitely be coming back.
Coconut's is an interesting mix of expensive, good quality fish prepared in a more informal way (As fish and chips, tacos, etc.) served up in a casual setting. I stepped into the restaurant and loved the beach theme decor. The tables and chairs are surfboard shaped!

After browsing through the menu I decided on the fish and chips ($11.99). It was a generous portion of 2 battered fish, with crispy fries and coleslaw served in a basket. The fish had a herb seasoned breading, and was more tender than super crispy. The fish was nicely cooked. The fries were decent, but I wasn't a fan of the coleslaw. It tasted bland with very little dressing.

Overall, it was a pleasant experience. Service was cheerful and friendly, and the staff would check up on me to make sure everything was OK.
What a great find! We were sent here from a local chef/owner who RAVED about the fish here. Being a self proclaimed fish snob, I couldn't wait to check it out. They delivered! Fresh, delicious and generous portions of some of the best fish AZ has seen. (finally)  I also love that my husband can get his taco fix and I can stick to something healthy with a salad if I'm not up for tacos or fish and chips. Yum!  Also, great staff every time we have been in.
Tacos were good the soup was not tasty. i will say, the place does have an island feel even the high prices are genuine to HI
This bowl of clam chowder is delicious! Steaming hot and full of real clams...lots of them. I also ordered the coconut shrimp with a  yummy dipping sauce and a green tea. All's great except only four stars because the prices are too high for a order food at the counter, get your own drink cafeteria style -no waitress kind of place.
The fish tacos are great!  They give you a large amount of food, I can never finish. Wish they delivered!
Came to Coconuts for the first time a few weeks ago through the recomendation of a friend. She was ranting and raving over their fish tacos and coconut shrimp. 

Well, I finally ventured to try out these "amazing" fish tacos and coconut shrimp. The fish tacos are just ok, nothing special.

I went in a second time (a week later) and tried the fish burger sandwich by the recomendation of the staff. I had the Mahi-Mahi and all I will say is... perfection! The local is also my favorite.
Best fish tacos! Ono local style is great too. Amazing, meticulous service! You can't go wrong with anything here.
I had lunch and dinner here on two different days. This place reminds me a lot of Rubios. The fishburger was all right, but dinner was very disappointing. The tacos and taco mountain had some white fish which was very dry and the fixings seemed to be loads of cabbage in mayo. The chicken burger turned out to be terrible, cold and dry. Overall decor is nice, food is a bit pricey and meh
Imagine if the burger restaurant islands had a baby with rubios. Great fish and chips, clam chowder, and perfectly cooked calamari. All wrapped up with a very casual Hawaiian surf theme. Would recommend to anyone to try.
Love this place but a few suggestions: provide silverware and napkins when food is delivered to the table - I am constantly getting up for things when I would prefer to sit and eat my lunch. Also, the fish tacos are delicious - I just wish there was the option to order just one. They are HUGE - how can a girl eat more than one?! It's not something that would heat up well, so I always end up throwing one away - so wasteful. Maybe $7.99/1 as an option to the regular price of $10.99/2 tacos.... Staff is always friendly, coconut shrimp is awesome. Seating looks cool, but not easy to get in/out of benches IMO. I hope this place stays around as the food is very good and great quality however some may be turned off by the fast-casual atmosphere with a sit-down full service price. (At least for lunch)
Loved this place! Fish tacos were amazing! The restaurant was very clean and Steven who was working was wonderful!
Only thing I would recommend is lime for the tacos.
Water is great!! Perfectly cooled and nicely filtered. The fish on the other hand was dry and way over seasoned. And they don't have a option to order double meat made me pay for another meal.
Y.U.M.  Their fish burger is so good that I can never talk myself into trying their other menu items.  The fresh wheat bun is delish, the fish has always been cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Plus, it's a huge sandwich, so I never have to get the side of fries to be filled up.  I was hesitant to try the fish burger because I love good, regular burgers so much, but this fish burger, makes the rest run for their money.  

As for their other menu items, my friend always gets the fish tacos, and loves those so much she can't talk herself into trying anything else. So, I guess those are pretty good also.

The price is slightly higher than what one will usually pay for a work-day lunch, but it is for QUALITY, delicious food!
A friend recommended Coconut's, but I didn't try it until I was really hungry after unpacking for two days straight. The fish tacos were highly recommended by the enthusiastic former Californian who worked there, but I found them to be just alright.

Messy and packed, they were fresh, but not particularly flavorful. The fried shrimp basket was also recommended, so on the second visit, I tried it. Again, OK. 

But I also got the seafood soup -- now that was some good stuff. Creamy, hot, chock full of vegetables and fish -- YUM! I'll go back again to try the fish burgers and salads. It's so close; it's always clean and packed and it's healthy eating.
Definitely the best fish taco place in the area! Everything was fresh and delicious. I wish this place was closer to Chandler so I can eat there every day.
They specialize in fish tacos, and I can honestly say they are the best I have ever had!! They are pricey but you get what you pay for here. I do agree with other reviews about the lack of side orders. It would nice to have something not fried, like some black beans!!
I should have come here sooner!  Everyone seems to love the fish tacos so naturally that's what I ordered. Whoa there they did not disappoint. I loved them!! The atmosphere inside is so cute too the tables are shaped like surf boards. My boyfriend got the fish burger (the guy working there recommended it blackended) and he loved it. The entrees were approx $10 each but the portions are large, I could only finish one fish taco and I have a healthy appetite. Thanks for the great good and service! I'll be seeing Coconut's again.
Interesting - better than average for fairly fast adult food.  Fun decor - I guess the inspiration came from Hawaii.  If you're in the mood for some good seafood tacos etc give this one a tryl  Oh - does load up with customers - go early or plan to wait in line.
This place is great. It's like a cross between a fast-food and a regular restaurant.  It has a really casual upscale fast-food atmosphere, and the food is really fresh and delicious!
It has become one of my favorite places for a quick bite.
I love this place. The fish tacos are amazing and a little hard to eat being stacked so high with awesomeness. My favorite here is the calamari and chips. The calamari here is different than I have had before, cut in long strips and delicious. The portions are great and I love the atmosphere
Have been in with my wife a few times now and we both loved it! The food is fresh with healthy options. The staff and service are great. The fish is perfect.

The first tie. I went I had the fish tacos. Really good but a little tough to eat, knife and fork required. The coconut shrimp are delicious. My favorite is the fish sandwich with blackened mahi. 

Will be back soon.
This was my first time at this brand and it started on a way less than pleasant foot.  As I was with an individual in a wheelchair, the 1" lip at the door was a bit rough.  Holding the heavy front door while working the wheelchair over that lip was a slight challenge.  Thankfully I have experience in this area.  Sadly, there were two young men standing at the counter talking as I, a customer, was struggling.  I mentioned this fact to them and immediately was told that they had "JUST" come out to the counter, and they were "sorry".  When I stated that they were both standing there when I came through the door, I was again told they had "just" come to the counter, when I again stated I didn't buy that, the shorter of the two gentlemen as rather rude and stated that I'm welcome to my opinion and he was "sorry".  I don't buy it.

Our order consisted of 3 dishes from the childrens menu as our appetites were not that great.  When I placed my order, once again the same individual that gave me attitude seemed upset that all I wanted was a dish from the childrens menu.  Thankfully, the food was pretty tasty.  

As I won't be rushing back to this brand anytime soon, the couple I was with will return as they liked the food.

I recieved a reply from one of the owners of this brand and was very pleased that they actually did more than send me a standard I'm sorry for your bad experiance reply.  The personal reply concerning my experience was much appreciated and show that the owners do care about their brand as well as the customers.  As I am not a seafood person, the friends I was with and my family are.  As I stated in my review the food was good and with the we will do better attitude of the owners, we will be back and look forward to a better experience the next time.
Great place I love the food here and the staff is great there is one person who is always there and very polite and helpful. His name is Stephen the short one and is the reason I come back once a week.
This place is amaaAAAaaazing. I ordered a fish sandwich -- ono, spicy -- and it was incredibly delicious. I immediately wanted seconds, but settled for the last two bites of my girlfriends equivalently delicious fish tacos. This place really captures the Island flavors I haven't had since I was last in Kauai. Even better, everyone was nice and friendly and you could just tell everyone enjoyed working there, heck, even the guy wiping down tables. Coconut's will be a must stop for me every time I visit the Scottsdale area. Highly recommend.
First visit today - really good.
The chowder is great. 
We had fish tacos (excellent) and Ono sandwich , Asian style. Very good. 
Will be back.
Absolutely delish! Mahi-Mahi fish sandwich done "south of the border" style is a must try! Coleslaw is great, everything is really fresh! Good kids menu as well with non-fish choices for them if needed. Can't wait to go back!!
We were looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in Scottsdale and found this place on Yelp. I ordered the fish tacos as and hubby ordered calamari and chips. The two tacos are way too much food for one person, they serve them on two plates for sharing. So we split both meals. everything was excellent. We even got to meet the owner who was going from table to table greeting everyone and making sure the food was good. We are in Scottsdale for a few days and at hoping to get back there before we leave.
Great food, we are lucky to have this place! It can get busy around normal meal times as it isn't huge, but well worth a small wait if it happens.

The burgers are all I gotten, and I really like the mahi mahi burger :)
I finally tried this place since it's down the street from me. Went with a group of 3 and we decided to go for some fish tacos.
The fish was really damn good, and I'm not a huge fish fan. I really liked the coleslaw on top. I just wish there was a single taco option since the place is a little pricey. A whole plate is 2 tacos and pretty filling, but maybe not for a guy's appetite. The calamari was also quite tasty.
Everyone is friendly and it's a clean, bright environment. Definitely worth a try if you've been craving some Hawaiian style fish.
Been to Coconuts several times over the past fe months, and each time I'm thrilled with this place!  

Let's start with the food - and at Coconuts, that means (mostly) fish, and for me that means fish tacos.  In a word:  spectacular!  The fish tastes fresh, is grilled perfectly, is accompanied (read: piled HIGH) with creamy cole slaw and mango salsa that capture a real island feel.  Each time I go to Coconuts I  go with the intention of trying something different.....but, the fish tacos are so good I can't pull the trigger on ordering something else.

Now, let's talk about the "ambiance".  I really like the fact that Coconuts has a casual feel in the heart of North Scottsdale.  Not fancy; more like a neighborhood place that locals flock to.  Perhaps they could do a little more to make it look a little less like a fast food place, but only if they can find a way to keep it laid back and casual.

I need to give a shout-out to the employees.  They are friendly, upbeat, helpful, and knowledgable about their product.  They are busy (this place feels like it's starting to get popular), but all the workers always seem to be smiling and take a few moments to chat,  

Finally, here's the thing about Coconuts.....at first glance, the price for two fish tacos ($10.99) seems a bit high.  But, don't let that deter you - it is a really good value.....The quality and quantity justify the price.
I discovered this place while driving in North Scottsdale.  The name caught my eye.  So glad I decided to go inside.  I tried the coconut shrimp - you get six scrumptious nice sized shrimp, the coconut flavor really pops and the dipping sauce is a nice blend of spicy and sweet.  I ordered the blackened Ono with brown rice.  I absolutely love it, so fresh and perfectly flavored.  Their pricing is a bit high, but the quality justifies that.  I go there at least twice a month, would go more often if they were closer to me.  

PS. Open one in Central Phx, please!!
I adore this place! The employees are always happy, and helpful.  I order the fish tacos with mango salsa and am never disappointed. The fish is seasoned well and the mango salsa is truly amazing! You get 2 per order but they are always filled with tasty fish and yummy salsa. I have ordered the pasta here as well it was good but not as delightful as the tacos. This place gets busy during lunch so recommend going a tad earlier or later to avoid the rush. My coworkers and I eat here at least once a week. If you are in Scottsdale definitely give the fish tacos a try.
My favorite local fish joint.  Never disappointed.  Either Local Style, Ono fish n chips, or lightly battered shrimp.  Cannot miss on a great healthy meal that won't put you in the poor house.
Clean interior
 Friendly staff
 Convenient location
 Extensive but not overwhelming menu choices
    Really good food!

This may be North Scottsdale's best kept secret. Although it seemed a bit odd to have a fish taco at a Hawaiian themed restaurant I figured, why not? I once had McDonalds in Japan and KFC in London - this was much better.

The fish tacos (you get 2 on separate plates) come with a rather small soft taco shell that's piled high with fish, mango, cole slaw, etc.  It's nearly impossible to fold this up and I guarantee some food is going to drop out - don't worry about it, but get a fork.  I also tried the fish and chips (again - in a Hawaiian themed restaurant?) which were also excellent. 

At first I thought the prices were a bit high (the fish tacos were $11) but after tasting the food I think they're well worth the price.  

FYI - I had a little trouble finding this place. The address is on Scottsdale but it faces Bell just west of the intersection. It's very close to Carlos O'Brien's.
The staff couldn't have been nicer, helping us order and keeping the place in shape.  I have to type this review with a hand over my eyes.  It's painful delivering a negative message to such nice hard working people.  Let's pull off the band aid-The fish tacos are dry and under seasoned and $38 for 2 orders of fish tacos, tasty onion rings and 2 drinks in a no waiter restaurant is too expensive.  There.
Ironically, we visited this place (finally) right before we went to Maui. Cute little place with great food that's not too pricey (for Scottsdale, anyway). Loved the fish and chips and the coconut shrimp. My boyfriend also loved the fish tacos. I'll definitely be back again!
We loved Coconuts while living on Maui  and were so pleased to discover it was just down the street from us. It's just as good as the original and we would definitely recommend it to everyone!
My husband and I are visiting the Phoenix area; since we went to the original Coconut's in Maui during our honeymoon and loved it, we decided to come here.
Husband got the fish tacos, which were as good as we remembered -- fresh fish with really good coleslaw and mango salsa.  I got the fish taco salad, which was also really good with the mango vinaigrette; my only wish would be to add a little bit of the coleslaw to the salad (the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5).
The service is also really great. Employees are friendly, warm, and enthusiastic. We were greeted when we walked in and attended to throughout our time there, despite this not being a sit-down restaurant.
Definitely recommended.
Biggest complaint is the price...the rest is unbeatable!  Came recommended by a friend and I was not disappointed.  My wife, who despises fish in any form, actually ate an entire fish taco!  Large portions (good luck eating a taco without a fork, ha ha!) and ridiculously great tasting!  Very unique to say the least.  Expect to spend $40+ for a pair of lunch entrees and a couple drinks, but I'd go here any day, any time.  Loved it!
This foodie has found a home.
Fabulous, fresh and delicious food.
The restaurant is darling, with tables shaped like surfboards and lots of Hawaii and fish paintings.
The staff are very friendly and helpful.
If you like Hawaiian fish, get over here and try Coconuts!
Best Fish Tacos I've ever had.  This place is amazing.
I can't wait to go back for more delish fish tacos!!! We have a hard time finding good, fresh seafood so to find a place that is really good is a real delight! Clam chowder and seared tuna was also excellent. 

Would have been 5 stars, but of all things the fish on the kids meal was horribly over-breaded and over-cooked. I'm not sure if the kids fish is different than their regular order. Would also like an unfried app to choose from besides the chowder.

We will definitely be back and will pick up Chowder to go! I might even go now...can't get the tacos off my mind!
The fish tacos were so good that I had to come back 4 days later and I live across town! For a gluten free person to find something so delicious is wonderful! Thanks Coconuts! Come to Chandler!
Enjoyed 2 fish tacos at Coconut's Fish Cafe yesterday after seeing many friends posts on FB. The service was incredible and the fish was fresh and great!!! I would recommend that every try Coconut's.......
a nice change from typical fast food. I had the blackened mahi burger and fries. There was plenty to share with my friend.  We'll seasoned and fairly reasonably priced. I'll be returning here again.
Outstanding Fish Tacos and Great Chowder.  Nice personal visit by Executive Chef.  We be back there.
(Add a porter or stout to beer offering.)
Amazing fish tacos.  First rate ingredients and execution.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that I don't love the decor/ambiance.   It's feels a bit like a chain restaurant.
I now have another Fish Taco Place to frequent! I got the two fish tacos and the seafood chowder. The fish was fantastic with all the spices and fresh goodness like the mango salsa and coconut slaw. I loved the seafood chowder, it came out piping hot and stayed that way the whole time. Plus, they had a great selection of beers. The staff was friendly and service was fast. I saw some reviews on here whining about price, but I found it very reasonable for the quality of the product. This is now a go-to place for me when I am in Scottsdale.
Very good tasting. Big over priced. We got 2 orders of fish tacos (4 tacos) to share and - order of shrimp & chips. Not bad but not awesome. I prefer Wahoo in SoCal.
How can you go wrong with Coconuts?  I love the Fish Tacos. They are the best I have found in town. I would consider myself a "Fish Taco Connoisseur" and visit as many fish taco wielding establishments as possible. 

At Coconuts the staff rocks....the restaurant is always clean and the food NEVER fails. This a go-to for me and I share it with all my buddies. 

A great call for sure.
Unfortunately, this place is extremely expensive for what you get. The mahi mahi sandwich..this fish is great, but then you have this large bun, so all you taste is bread. No fries, no mac salad, just a fish sandwich for around $10.00...then you add a drink. I hope they adjust their menu and pricing, otherwise they may fade away in the sunset.
Good food, i'll be heading back to try a few other options but the tacos were ok, not spectacular.  The salsa was good but not explosive on my buds.
Went to Coconuts for the first time and we really enjoyed it.  Had the fish and chips--very good.  Used to cod, but the mahi mahi was a great change.  We will be back to try something new.  Edgar at the register has a great personality and was very personable and helpful with the menu!! All restaurants need personalities like his to go along with good food.  Will go again for sure!!!
Amazing tacos!  One is enough for two average eaters :) while you're at it plan your next trip to Hawaii Cox the ambience would make you wanna do just that!  ;)
Great fish tacos, huge and delicious!! Also great coconut shrimp! Great atmosphere inside as well.
My wife and I get tired of the same old spots to grab lunch or a quick dinner. After awhile all of the Mexican restaurants start to look and taste the same and don't even get me started on places like BJ's, Yard House, etc.

How refreshing to find Coconut's.  The fish tacos and the fish and chips are fantastic. You'll also enjoy the friendly staff and the casual interior.
We took my parents and kids for my mother's birthday and were delighted to find a large surfboard table to seat all 7 of us. Fish and chips, seafood pasta, and fish tacos were fresh and delicious. The only down side was the ordering system. The line to order winds through some of the tables and is noisy. We couldn't save our table and have everyone order at the counter so we were running back and forth to get the family's order and tell the gal at the register. After that, the food came quickly and was great. The calamari and dipping sauce was better than I've ever had-and I've had Legal Seafood's, which is the best, or so I thought. GO there!
I was needing a place that we could get a delish fish taco or fish burger (it's Lent on a Friday...ahhh!) So I yelped 'fish tacos', and up this come. It was a little on the pricey side but I thought, you know what...sometimes good food comes with a good price tag. :o)  When we arrived, the parking lot was really busy, so parking was quite tight, but luckily we arrived before noon so at least we HAD a spot to park in. (good choice to arrive then too, I might add, the noon hour was PACKED). Anyway, there were some good choices on the menu, and even when you order, they ask you 'how you would like the fish prepared...with seasonings (ie: cajun, lemon butter -- which I got, etc..) The gal at the counter was super nice and didn't make us feel 'rushed'. We made our selections, Fish burger (with wheat bun) and fish tacos.  We didn't wait, long (they give you a number and they bring the food to your table.) We got the food, and I attacked it. :o) So yummy, the fish was a very good size, and the coleslaw on the sandwich along with the dressing was tangy and creamy. (Just a little messy) And my husband got the tacos. They aren't the type of tacos you fold in your hand and eat. They are on a crunchy, small flour tostata-type of taco shell. So he had to cut with a knife and fork and eat it. No biggy. He liked the tacos, the mango salsa and coleslaw were great on it.

We ate pretty quickly, because it was so good. And side-note,  I noticed that the people bringing out the food (and clearing the plates) were so nice as well!! They even tried helping find a table for this family of 5! Just a great experience overall. Good food, good customer service. I will be back!
I've been back a few times now and while I still love this place, their fish tacos and seafood chowder, I have a few suggestions I hope are heard...

- as another reviewer noted, please add the coleslaw to the taco salad. I didn't check my receipt detail, but I hope I didn't lay the $5.99 thats on the menu for a side?!
- the Caesar either didn't have enough dressing or the dressing is too "watery"
-even though it was a busy Lenten Friday night, I didn't expect to wait forever for silverware to be replinisged, firsthand forks, then on another trip knives, the finally spoons... Might be a serious dish washing problem?
-food came out in 3 shifts so no one ate together

I still love the food, although there may be some inconsistency as not everyone's vet taken here or talked to agrees.  Hope, hope, hope it gets figured out.
not bad, but not even close to the mouth watering goodness we had in London :( And I mean fish n chips! Its pricey, although most fish n chips places are, and this is in an upscale neighborhood. I am yet to find a good f n c place in town.
Went last nite with some friends and ordered the seafood chowder ( of course!). Then we had a couple of Ahi plates that were prepared seared to order. The staff is great and we love this taste of Maui.
Love this place. I cannot get enough of it!
Everything is always fresh, people are nice.
I wish they would play some different video's on the big screens, the surfing video's are getting old!
great place cheap food!
Love the wasabi hint in the coleslaw. Makes me miss Maui!
Had a business associate in from out of town. He wanted to go somewhere he couldn't go in his home town. We both had the fish tacos and both agreed they were they best we've ever had anywhere.

I'll be back!
Coconut shrimp was fresh and made with high quality coconut - gotta try it to start. After that, the two colossal fish tacos were among the best I've had, and definitely filling. Their mango salsa was too spicy for the kids, but perfect for a hot sauce liver like me. Highly recommended.
20+ visits - all equally solid. Excellent quality, wide variety, clean, and quick. Beers on tap, wines by the glass and adept service. Best of all, an owner, Kim, who's always around actively managing his business and helping staff and customers. 

This is a walk up to the counter, place your order and they bring your food to you kind of place. There is a big and shaded patio with Hawaiian music playing and a large surfboard table-furnished dining room. 

The food is healthy fish taco and similarly inspired dishes. You can get chicken, too. I prefer the Taco Mountain because I like the neatness of eating with a fork, but the same ingredients ride on corn tortillas instead of brown rice on the Fish Tacos and they POUR out of the kitchen, they are so popular. Lots of pairs of women split an order of them, which I understand since I get a to-go box with my meal so I can put half aside at the beginning of the meal! PS (I get a side of Asian Flare) dressing for extra kick. 

Chicken and fish is cut into large chunks.  Also, there are more pedestrian choices like fries, and they're just the right kind of crispy. We've hung around for an hour or more watching people chow, visit, go back for seconds, drink, watch surf videos, and stuff their little ones from the kids' menu. Kim visits with most tables, sweeps the floors when needed, and even provides samples! The young people who work for him are happy and well-trained. One day, at 5:55, we saw the health inspector walk in. Everyone watched Kim escort her to the kitchen, and the staff said, "no problem - we always do well. Please be patient if it slows the cooks down a minute."   It did not, and just a bit later, everything was back to speedy normal and the inspector had given the place a big thumbs up. Nice testimonial.
Great food fast and casual. I find myself dreaming the fish tacos.  I know it is weird but they are so good
This is a nice casual place to get some fish. They cook it up anyway you want it (cue Journey), whether it be fried, grilled, blackened, etc.

I have ordered the Taco Mountain every time I've been there. You have a choice of other types of meat besides fish. I always go for the fish. I find that the fish is always fresh and cooked just right. The next time I go in there I'll have to order something different. Pro Tip - This place is a zoo during Fridays when Lent is in season. When you can't find a parking spot, you might as well go with Plan B.
Kind of pricey for fish tacos but you do get two of them.  Tacos are a bit of a challenge to eat but that's half the fun.   Casual place.
The fish tacos are unlike any I've had elsewhere and very good. Two tacos is a meal too. 

The calamari was excellent, large steak cut into strips. 

Strip mall location but nice decor with (very) small outdoor area too. Limited menu. 

Beer and wine served.
Inside, it feels like a vacation in Maui! The staff was informative, enthusiastic and friendly. I had the ahi burger (filet, seared) which had cole slaw on it (which I usually pass on, but had a good feeling about it this time. Or I was just super hungry!) Delicious. And my gut was correct about the cole slaw, creamy, savory and chunky cabbage - yum! I'll be back.
Went here for my first time and was immediately hooked. The Ono (wahoo) tacos are absolutely the best tacos on earth! So super fresh and delicious with nothing to be ashamed of like beans and rice. This is pure Hawaiian baby! Super healthy and ultra fresh, not to mention filling. Aloha spirit included!
On a whim, my friend was describing a new place that opened on the SW side of Scottsdale and FLW.  Many a different restaurants have been here, but this might make it.  It's a Hawaiian seafood flair.  The ambiance is that of a Sand Bar/Rubios.   It's counter service and has a patio.  I had the fish tacos, my fiend have some ahi.  Both were great.  The place got packed as lunch progressed.    It's definitely a new favorite place and a cheap (er) alternative the others in the area.  It's tough to find.  It's next to Carlos Obriens.
Love this place! Their fish tacos are amazing!!! You definitely get a feeling like you're in Hawaii and it feels great! Love it!
Finally ! Perfectly grilled fish! The Taco Mountain with Ono & MahiMahi was excellent! The owner Kim is a real nice guy too. We'll be back for sure.
This place is great, food is delicious and well prepared, and doesn't break the bank.  The manager is a class act too!
Just a little background: This is a casual dining chain with a Hawaiian theme featuring fresh fish

It is simply feel good, delicious food. I ordered the 17 ingredient fish tacos and they were everything I expected. The guy who took my order was very attentive and explained to me how the tacos were made after I told him it was my first time eating at Coconut's. The rest of the staff were very friendly as well, asking me if everything was ok. The space is very clean and the employees were constantly picking up after patrons. But back to the food, the tacos aren't the most graceful dish to eat but every bite was full of flavor with tomatoes, mango, coconut milk, organic slaw, and more... They offer great portions at affordable prices. To make it even better they seem to be a restaurant that values sustainability. I left feeling light but completely satisfied. Price, quality, and convenience give this 5 stars and I'm a tough critic!
Quality grilled fish tacos. Very tasty, just a little pricey ($11.50 for two hefty ones). Had some nice beer choices. Vibe is nice. Service was spot-on -- guy at the register was very friendly and explained everything, brought out our food. Owner stopped over and spent some time with us. Still a little too "fishy" tasting for me -- next time I'd try chicken. I wished they had a fried fish version.
Will write  a more detailed review later. Coconuts is now my FAVORITE  place to go for fish. Everything is fresh, hot and delicious. The restaurant is sparkling clean and service is great  Definitely a must try for fish lovers. :)
Living in a place that has tons of sand and no ocean...it is nice to find somewhere that you can escape and feel like you're at the beach. The surfing videos playing on the TV's trick you into thinking that you are looking out a window with an ocean view.

Fish tacos are what I always order. They are huge!! I forget that I only need one but they are so delicious I have now problem eating both. Price might seem high but they are made with quality fish that is grilled perfectly!

If you haven't been you should!! It is like a little mini lunch vacation!!
Finally, I'm here to try the famous fish tacos! Now after my first visit, I don't quite get why this place gets so much hype, and why my coworker is crazy about it!

6 of us stopped by for lunch around 11 and no wait! The line starts getting long around 11:30. We all ordered the fish or chiken taco mountain, quite pricy in my opinion, but the plate is huge! I guess they measured it by the amount of food. It really looked like a mountain, not in the nicest presentation, all the fish, veggies, sauce, and rice are mixed together, the fish, however, was very dry and flavor-less, i hate to say, the only thing I enjoyed was the mango salsa. I barely finished half of the plate and was so stuffed! 

The place does offer a cool decor where the tables are in the shape of surf boards, interior lighting is bright, a clean and simple setup. But for the food, sorry, I would rather pay less and get a burrito bowl from chipotle!
Thirty two bucks for two fish tacos, two iced-teas and an order of fish and chips.
I'm opening with this in order to partially explain the low star count.

My spouse enjoyed the fish tacos, which did live up to all the hype. Sadly, I had a basket of fish and chips and it did not.
Of the three pieces of fish, the first piece sampled was foul, reeking of spoiled fish and tasting like jack mackerel, one of the fishiest flavors in all seven seas.

The second piece was delightful compared to the first, while the third had me on the edge of my seat wondering whether it was spoiled or flavorful? 
I took a small bite to test the water. It was neither, somewhere in the middle with its fishy odor and complete lack of flavor. 

I should have sent it back but didn't, since I'd just gotten into an argument with my spouse over what to order and needed to prove she didn't out-order me.
So I ate this stinky load o' bait by coating it with ketchup, holding my nose and swallowing it whole, like I was a fucking sea lion or something.
Fast forward four hours.

I'm sitting here with a bad case of heartburn, a sick stomach, a wallet that's thirty two dollars lighter, and a spouse who "can't wait to go back."
Well she can go back and eat the whole damned place out of fish tacos for all I care, but I'm never going back. Fuck that. I have principles and one of them is this:

If I'm going to eat out, it should never be a mystery. At the very least, I have certain expectations and albeit low, they're expectations just the same. One such is to NOT get blindsided by knowingly munching on anything stinkier than all fuck.
Excellent fish! Three if us had Ono sandwich, fish tacos and fish and chips. Small venue with walk-up ordering. Everything is surf boards with a definite Hawaiian feel! The staff are helpful and good wonderful!
Wow, I never would have thought of fish tacos, but man these are awesome. and it did help to have a very icy cold beer to boot
Love this place, have tried multiple items and have loved them all. The Fish Burger Mahi blackend is my favorite.
Best Fish Tacos!  We go here often.  My husband doesn't like fish so he gets the chicken tacos and they are really tasty.!  I love this unique place great for a quick lunch.
The food was good but not for the price. 2 fish tacos for $11?! No sides just tacos. They lose a star for price alone. If you have extra money to blow the food is worth it. The tacos are stuffed to the brim and are tasty. The atmosphere is fun.
Negatives :
Bad fishy smell outside (I'm assuming heat and dumpsters aren't a good mix)
Too pricey for the food
Positives :
Good food
Great design and atmosphere
Wow!! The coconut shrimp is the best I've ever had. Be sure to use Tiger Sauce on the delicious fish tacos. This place is unique & worth the price for the quality of food! I work & live near here & I will definitely be a regular here. I can't wait to try the chowder!
I love the original in Maui and really liked when they first opened.  It seems the last few times I have been, the fish is fishier and "rubbery."  I am not sure if there is trouble shipping fresh fish to the desert or not, however, I was so hoping it wouldn't deteriorate. Even, though expensive, I would have given 5 stars a few months ago.  I can't do that now, and will give it 2 1/2 based on my last few visits and the decrease in the quality of the food.  The staff are always pleasant, so I hope they fix whatever the issue seems to be.  We need a place like this where we can get fresh fish.
Had the fish tacos with all the extras. Food was very tasty. Followed their suggestion with the tiger sauce. A little spicy, but not too much to overpower the other flavors. Definitely worth repeat visits. 

Since it is fast casual, decor was clean but basic.
This place was great. You walk in and order at the counter but the guys working there are so nice and sweet. I had never been so I asked how they liked to eat their fish burger and then ordered it. I know they are known for their tacos but I wanted a burger.

IT WAS MASSIVE!!! The fish was extremely fresh, flaky and tender and didn't have a hint of fishy flavor. The tartar sauce was great as was the slaw. Next time I go I will try the tacos fo sho! Everything is grilled so you don't feel awful eating and even after, you feel great. I ended up just eating the fish and slaw because I felt like the bun took away from the fish.

FYI - the pricing is high, but the portions are huge and you also pay to have some of the freshest fish in AZ so its worth it. Not an all the time lunch place but worth it once in a while.
We had no idea they were now here state side and found it to be as delicious as Maui. The sweet guy at the register was very kind, the restaurant was clean and of course the food was great! Fish tacos with mango salsa-perfectly done. We will definitely come back before we head home to CA!!
We had the shrimp and chips and fish and chips and really loved it. The French fries are really thin and hot and crunchy and were so good. I also loved the coleslaw but it's not finely chopped so that could throw you off if that's your preference. The cocktail sauce was also spicy and delicious. Service was awesome and the guys came over to the table to refill drinks and bring more sauce which was nice even though it's sort of a self service place. Total bill for the three meals and a bottle of wine was about $56.00.
YUMMMMMMMY!  Everything I have ever had there is Delicious!  The only downfall is that it's a little pricey!
Simply as good as it gets.  Wonderful tacos Hawaii-style!  Fish is fresh and tasty. When I went in for the first time, I was back two additional times within a week.  So good!  Friendly, hard working staff, place is clean and packed to the gills (pun intended) every time I have been.  Hands down, a 5 star rating in my book.  So happy this place is close to where I live. Highly recommended!
loved the fish tacos!  the coconut milk coleslaw is fantastic!  vey nice and clean restaurant with surf boards as tables. highly recommend!
A great chip shop that can be found in the Main Street in Portobello. 
Run by Italian husband and wife team serving freshly prepared pizzas, jacket potatoes, I even spotted a battered ribeye steak in the hot display cabinet as well as the famous fish and chips that are cooked to order, for me that is a really good sign of a well run chip shop where the food is fresh and not sitting in a hot box for ages. 
Crispy batter and cooked just right. 

I did notice that a plastic sheet A5 size was placed on top of the fish to stop it from sticking to the paper what a great idea, this shop is a must for anyone passing by
I wish I could give a higher star but I can't . Ok folks here it goes this is a bold claim but I stand by it 100%. 

Ahem......This is the best Fish and chips shop in the city and the best I have ever had. 

I don't even know where to start. Shop is ran by a very nice Italian Gentleman who is always in a good mood, recognizes me every time I go in , and always makes my food right on the spot. The fish is amazingly fresh and almost no bones in it. The batter has flavor not like some crappy Wetherspoons fish and chips but actual flavor. It comes out piping hot with the fresh chips. It get wrapped up in the paper and given to you . Oh its sooooo good and you know its going to be greasy goodness when the paper gets soaked through a little bit. That people , is how real fish and chips is, wrapped in newspaper , hot, greasy , and flavorful. Theres an assortment of other food you can get to ( I am to try a calzone next) that I am sure is just as good. Rafael ( the italian gentleman and owner ) will sometimes give you free chips while you wait. And trust me you have to wait sometimes because this place will get busy with all its regulars. But its worth it! With all that said I dare someone nay I Challenge someone  to find a better fish and chip shop then this one because I don't think thats going to happen. Keep up the good work Rafael because as long as I have air in these lungs I will be a regular at your shop!
This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me. The Golden Bite has ruined fish and chips for me forever. Because I will never - EVER - find a fish supper superior, or perhaps even equal, to the one I had this weekend from the Golden Bite.

I travelled to Portobello with Moray L on the express mission of trying the legendary Bite Of Gold after reading Justin G's review, and we were the first ones in when the doors opened at 16:45. The man who greeted us over the counter could not have been happier if he had been a dog in a field full of squirrels. It doesn't seem an exaggeration to say that I suspect frying fish has been his lifelong passion.

Because we were so early, we got the first haddock to go into the fryer - clean, white haddock of gobsmacking, Jonah-swallowing proportions which the chap wobbled at us playfully before setting about the battering and frying.

At this point - minutes after the doors opened - the shop filled. I mean it properly filled. I know not how many of these were pilgrims like us, and how many were locals, but it's clear that the reputation of The Golden Bite's fish suppers is widely renowned. I was reaching five stars simply from the cleanliness, the rich frying smell, and the chap's jollity before I'd even put anything in my mouth, and when a small girl entered and he pulled down a teddy bear to wave at her, I was smitten with the place entirely. But the food. The food. The proof of the poisson is in the eating.

Oh. My. Wrapped lovingly in paper and carried down reverently to the seafront for consumption, these piscine Midas fillets were battered to crispy perfection, but still with the softer underside that makes a fish supper truly sensational. The chips - proper chip shop chips - were glorious and plentiful, but not so numerous as to prevent one from finishing the lustrous, luscious fishywishy that so enchanted both me and Moray. I need to go back. No, you don't understand. I NEED to go back. Now. And I don't think I will ever love a fish supper in quite the same way that I love the Golden Bite's.
I really want to love this place but on two different occasions during a month period they have been out of fish or burgers. The ordering process is chaotic and the placement of the menu is awkward. Some printed menus would be nice so I can wait behind people and actually look at a menu. Inside it looks abandoned. No decor or anything just plain. It would be nice to see who Grandma Ruth is, since it is in honor of her. Throw some pictures on the wall or something. The pinball machines are so annoying and loud. Gave it 2 stars because the onion rings and pickles are really good.
The service was great. The food is mediocre. It's the same as Pete's. Good alternative to the same ol' stuff. However, Louie's up the road has real hand battered cod whereas this was a square piece of processed fish. Nothing to be excited about...
This place is awesome. The service is great and the food is similar to Pete's Fish and Chips, but the red sauce is spicier (hence better). I grew up on fish like this, so this is like a bite of childhood. Awesome.