The Melting Pot is one of my favorite restaurant chains ever. Mostly, because I love fondue. I am a foodie, and this restaurant has a wonderful selection of meats, cheese, and dessert options. I recommend the Bananas Foster Fondue for dessert and for the best bargain I recommend the "Big Night Out" if your in a group of two because it includes the cheese course, the entree course, and the dessert course all for $89 per couple.
Located in Boca Park at the corner of  Charleston and Ft. Apache.  Accross from Office Depot.

A great place for a fun night out.  Be it an intimate dinner for two or for a large group like our entire office, the Melting Pot is a fun and delicious way to spend an evening.  Honestly, even at a bare minimum, expect to spend at least three hours there.

We went for one of the the pre-made combinations called "The Big Night Out", since it had everything that we wanted. Filets/Duck/Lobster YUM

The combinations consist of three courses.

- The Appetizers - a selection of fresh veggies, breads and cheeses with your choice of fondue using a variety of cheeses.  Cheese on Cheese... it's such a delicious crime YUM

-The main course - Consisting of fresh meats(Filets, Chicken, Duck) and possibly seafood(Lobster, Shrimp, etc) depending on which combo you ordered. And your choice of stock.  We went for the coq au vin which is chicken broth with scallions, red wine, etc.

-Desserts - We went for the Yin Yang, which is a variety of brownies,marshmallows (Graham Covered/Oreo Covered) and fruits.  The best part is the fondue consisting of white and dark chocolate arranged into a Yin/Yang symbol.  Awesome presentation.

Our server was extremely helpful as this was our first visit and patiently and humorously explained everything to us.

One thing that made my eyebrow raise though is the fact that they charged us the full adult price for my 8 year old nephew.   So just be aware of this if you are planning on bringing kids.

If I recall correctly the combos are about 75$

- Reservations are HIGHLY recommended.  As mentioned earlier,  dinner here takes a few hours, so they can only serve a few groups per night.

- This place is always a great date idea if you want some guaranteed quality time toget to know your partner. (Just make sure you can entertain her/him for the entire 3 hours or else it'll be torture)

- To complement the Yin/Yang dessert, they also have a Chocolate Martini that is also presented in Yin/Yang fashion.
I can't wait to go back here.  What a great time for a date or a small group.  The set menu is definitely the way to go.  Very rarely do I walk out of places saying "What a f--king great meal!  When can we go back?" but this was definitely one of them.
I've dined at "The Melting Pot" @ Boca Park several  times now and I do enjoy it.  The experience is very unique.  But plan on being there for at least 2 hours.  It's not cheap either.  But I think everyone should try this restaurant at least once.   My family and I enjoy it very much.  The food is delicious and the service is good.  They are always busy.  Best of all, you can make your reservations online.  Fondue is not for everyone so don't go if you like to eat in a hurry or with a large party.  But if you want a truely different dining experience, try The Melting Pot.
when i'm too lazy to pull out my own fondue, we go here.

we recommend the lobster indulgence on the big night out menu.  the tale begins with a pot of truffle oil induced cheese accompanied with bread, veggies, and apples.  a bowl of salad with kalamata olives follows.  then, a bullion base filled cauldron with a good dose of wine (coq au vin).  this is where the steak, two tails, chicken, pork, and shrimps come in.  and, last, but my favorite, a vessel of yummy chocolate with alcohol!

they have a decent wine list.  but, if you don't want a headache thinking about it, like me.  i recommend that you take on the flight.

if you go with in a group of four, be sure to ask or the double burner table with your advance reservation.
This place was soooo cool. We did the Big Night Out, which consisted of salad, cheese, meat and dessert. For the meat we did the Fondue Feast (Filet Mignon, sirloin steak, chicken, pork tenderloin, shrimp, ravioli and rigatoni), which was really good. At first I was skeptical about the whole cooking process -- this was my first fondue experience. But I am still alive so the stuff did cook! 

Best part: Disaronno Meltdown for dessert (white chocolate and amaretto). YUMMY!! 

I would definitely recommend this place for the food and experience. It was a bit on the pricier side. We just happened to drop in without reservations about 30 mins before closing (unbeknowest to us), and they were gracious enough to take us anyways. I felt bad because we kept our waiter like an hour past closing but he was so cool about it, we left him a huge tip. That's the other thing -- if you do the various courses, it takes TIME, so you're not gonna be in and out in an hour. 

Overall, great ambiance and food!
Only go for dessert or the cheese fondue. The main entree is a rip-off and not good. The ying-yang chocolate fondue is heavenly.
I went with a group of seven. I went with people had already known what to do so it was easy. So i'm passing the tips to Yelp.
To start for a group, like ours, the Bignite meal which normally serves two.. will work. You get the cheese fondue, the salad and then we added on two platters of meat and the chocolate paradise(as i call it) It's weird having to cook our own food, but then if a hair got in it, i know who to blame :) :) 
I also ot the ying yang Martini and me and the boyfriend couldn't help but savor each sip. The duck, heavenly, the chicken in the batter was even better.
The bailey's irish chocolate was the best and the service was excellent.
This place is best with friends and family because the food isn't served quickly, and nor should it. It was great having fun with friends and great food.
 ALSO THE service was fantastic! OUR server was the best. He had two tone hair color. I can't remember his name but the best. Also it isn't for the cheapies but there are ways to get discounts like restaurants.com :) we got 25 dollars off. 
The boyfriend says it's made of awesome.. so there guys. That's for you.
Also the decor and setting is low light and modern. Very clean. :)
Came here for my 30th Birthday, it was a great choice. Our server was Ed and he was truly terrific! Plan to drop at least $50 per person, I think it's well worth it. Also, if you're in a hurry don't even think about coming here, takes at least 2 hours of your dining pleasure... You got your cheese fondue, your salad, the main course, then here comes dessert. The dessert is the very best part of the meal, everything is high quality and tasty as hell. The rice crispies dipped in milk chocolate has to be my favorite, WOW... you will absolutely love it. The cheese fondue is pretty good, the salad is like the filler, you don't really need it but it tasted good. The sirloin marinated in balsamic vinegar is the bomb! The little sauces they provide gives the meat & seafood a nice touch, experiment with your dipping sauce and get a new flavor sensation in every bite. I sound like a freakin commercial, anyway, it's a nice place for "special occasions" When you stop by the Summerlin, Nevada location on Charleston, make sure you say hi to Ed and ask him to do the "stank leg" for you... lol he'll know what you mean.
The Melting Pot's of Vegas/Henderson have closed :-(.  This sucks!
My boyfriend and I went here to celebrate his dad's b-day. I actually had gone to the melting pot three times prior to this. The prior times I had gone were only for appetizers and dessert, and our parties were only the max of four. 

My first two times, I had the cheese appetizer, specifically the Wisconsin trio I believe, was delicious. They offer a variety of breads to try with the cheese, as well as some vegetables. These were great with the cheese selected. 

I had tried some mediocre fondue desserts, but this was great! It is offered with either dark chocolate, white chocolate, or both. They give you a plate of fruits, crackers, rice crispy treats, and marshmallows. 

After these encounters, I never had enough room to fathom eating the main entrée plates.  

So for my boyfriend's dad's b-day, It was the first time for fondue for about 8-10 of us. I know I had really had high expectations for the main course. We ran into some big problems. First, there were only 2 pots for all of us, This caused a lot of fork tangling. The fondue forks were all colliding with each other and everyone had to move their fork when somebody wanted to take his or her own fork out. Second, the two cooking "methods" were vastly different from each other and no meat was suited for either of them. The filet mignon was just OK. I mean would you want fried filet mignon? 

Lastly, we tied up our meal with the dessert fondue, which was absolutely delicious (as expected) 

Conclusions: Go for the cheese appetizer and chocolate dessert and expect a high price. In a restaurant like this you're paying for the amount of time spent at the table because there is hardly any turnover (our group was there for 2 hours). Skip the entree unless you like pouched or fried meat. The main problem with the food is the cooking method. Also, a timer really would have been nice for those of us concerned about food safety.
I should have written this review a while ago. Took the F there for her birthday in late January. Fantastic.

Everyone from the hostess to the manager wished her a happy birthday on her way in, they had a birthday card waiting for her on the table, and the waiter knew it was her birthday as well. This restaurant has the most put together staff of anywhere I've been in a while. The waiter rivals the one from my Maggiano's review, and will be mentioned more later, but I really believe you won't be treated better in any Las Vegas restaurant then you will be in The Melting Pot.

I've never been to a Melting Pot before but she had so she explained the menu before we went. They have a meal called a 'Big Night Out' which is a 'course' menu; a cheese fondue, a salad, an entree fondue, and a dessert fondue. When we went the traditional menu was supplemented with an Alpine themed menu, which gives an additional option for the cheese, salad, and dessert course, but we were encouraged to pick and choose what mixes we would like from the traditional menu as well. Quite nice. 

We went with the Alpine menu's cheese and salad course, the court bouillon entree cooking style, and bananas foster dessert. I thought the cheese course was very good. If you opt for the Alpine cheese course be sure to try the pickles in the fondue. It sounds odd but was one of the highlights of the meal. The salad was acceptable but we decided we would probably go with a different choice next time. The entree was fantastic, and the dessert was one of the best we've ever had. We rarely order dessert but it was well worth it here; if you're also the type that usually passes, make this the exception.

Again, service was excellent. Our waiter was spot on, very polite and attentive. Able to answer all questions and he made some great recommendations.  

I don't recall them having liquor or beer, but they have a very nice wine list. I was able to find some liquor on the dessert menu which was a nice surprise. They've got a fair selection of cordials, cognacs, and brandies and a nice collection of scotch, if that's your thing. I'm not a scotch man, so I'll have to take my father here and report further.

Obviously, if I haven't said it enough, this was a great night out, especially considering it was her birthday. A great restaurant with a great staff.
Been here twice for the full experience. Once for a gal pals birthday in Rancho Cucamonga, Ca.Another time for our anniversary at this location. Few times for dessert.

Did big night out both times- comes with a salad, cheese fondue, a entree with various meats and seafood and veggies with a cooking pot of liquids/spices to cook meat in, and a dessert fondue. 

I find this fun. I like to do japanese shabu shabu so the entree cooking is real similar but I see that its not for everyone though specially people who dont quite know how to gauge how done their food is get frustrated or grossed out by this. They give you a lot of flavor options and to me some dont work- I like to cook in coq au vin and dip mostly veggies and seafood in the various sauces, marinated meats I eat rather plainly. BF and I enjoyed doing this and we were sooo stuffed, uncomfortable even from all the food.

 I recommend at least for people to do the cheese or dessert as those can be appealing to anyone. I love the dessert pots here and would come just for the dessert. I really like the disaronno one- amaretto with white chocolate and they rotate new flavors and some have been very good.
I came here with my boyfriend the other week for dessert for the first time.

It was very dark inside the restaurant. I actually thought the place was closed from the outside since it was so dark. I liked it, it had a very private setting. The tables were very private as well, you don't even really realize that there are other people seated around you.

Since we came for dessert it was pretty easy to decide on what we wanted, so we just ordered the regular YinYang Fondue which was $28 and was half dark choco and half white choco and a lot of dippers. It was all SO delicious. The chocolate went so well with all of the dippers. I guess the only dipper I didn't like was the marshmallow, but that's only cuz of texture. I totally want to come back here as soon as I can. The staff was also extremely nice and welcoming with smiles on their faces and lots of greetings. We got our dessert right away too, we barely had to wait. I really loved it here, I can't wait to come back!
This place is good, I am not doubting that at all. The only thing you have to consider is the price. For a party of three we all payed almost $100 bucks a pop. This was for everything including wine and desserts. A bit pricey. Also, do not forget that this dinner will last you a good 3 hours as you guys go through the whole shebang!!. It is a good place to go for special occasions.
Cheese and Chocolate and everything in between!  They were closed for a while, sure glad they reopened.  Great date spot or to share a family style night with friends.

I always say that I should only come here for the dessert but somehow always get roped in for one of their combo meals.  Really I could just go for the Cheese starter,skip the "dinner" and go straight to dessert.

Dinner portions at the melting pot always scares me because of the cross contamination thing and "boiling" protein in the same pot...In addition you get full off all the protein and have to miss out on the pound cake dipped in chocolate.

A little pricey but it's like teppan, your paying for the experience.
For me, The Melting Pot is one of those places that you go to for one reason.  Like how there was only one reason to ever watch Baywatch (Pamela), or only one reason to watch Nascar (crashes).  With the Melting Pot, you're not going for the models or piles of wrangled metal, you're going for the dessert.  

My first visit was exactly that, a trip to Melting Pot with a group of friends to find some tasty dessert.  Being chocolate fiends that night, our group of six ordered:

Cookies 'n Cream Marshmallow Dream: Dark chocolate topped with marshmallow cream, flambéed, swirled together and garnished with crushed Oreo cookies.

Flaming Turtle: Milk chocolate, caramel and chopped pecans, flambéed tableside.

Both desserts were absolutely delicious, and were served with fresh strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, Rice Krispies treats, marshmallows, pound cake and brownies to dip into the fondues.  All of these dippings went well with the chocolate-y fondue.  Though, if you go with friends, go for the pound cake and brownies first before they get to it...

Fast forward a couple weeks and my friend and I come here for dinner.  Our meal consisted of:

First Course: Feng Shui Cheese Fondue, served with bread, vegetables and apples

Salad: The Melting Pot House Salad with Peppercorn Ranch Dressing (delicious!)

Entree: Pacific Rim - teriyaki sirloin, shrimp, pork, duck, chicken and potstickers.

At the end of the meal, both my dining partner and I agreed that the overall experience was good, but not great.  I'm glad that I've had a chance to experience a meal here, but nothing blew me away.  I actually felt sad that we were too full to not make it to dessert, which would have been the best part!  

I will say this, though: I much prefer the shabu shabu/sukiyaki experience.  Having one pot per person and using chopsticks to eat just seems to make everything go smoother; compared to one pot and six skewers sticking out the top of it.  Four stars thanks to the dessert!
I went here for my bday last year in 2009. This has to be the best fondue I have ever had. Not only was the food delicious, our waitress, Amanda, was an amazing. She was very attentive and extremely friendly. There was a card and flowers waiting for me on our table that my boyfriend had the staff place. We ordered the Fondue Fusion which, for the first course, included our choice of cheese fondue, salad, a main course, and dessert. We picked the Traditional Cheese Fondue made up of Grùyere and Emmenthaler Swiss cheeses, white wine, garlic, nutmeg, lemon and Kirschwasser. The cheese came with bread, apples, and veggies to dip. I absolutely love cheese, however this mixture was a bit too bitter and I would not order it again. For the next course we ordered a Caprese Salad made up of mixed field greens topped with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes and basil with a balsamic glaze. The third course was the main course which consisted of a Lobster Tail, Filet Mignon Florentine, Limoncello Balsamic Sirloin, Shrimp Diablo, Sun-dried Tomato Chicken, Orange Fennel Pork Tenderloin, Porcini and Portobello Sacchetti, and Fresh Vegetables. While all those meats were delicious, next time, I dont think I would order all of them. Since we ordered the fondue fusion, we got every kind they had, they have different options with less amounts. We picked a canola oil spiced blend to cook the meat in, since they do give it to you raw, and you cook it yourself. Finally the dessert course came....it was AMAZING. We had a Chocolate S'mores fondue, made with milk chocolate, marshmallow fluff, and crushed graham crackers. To dip in the chocolate was strawberries, bananas, pound cake, brownies, rice crispy treats, cheesecake and marshmallows. I dont think you could go wrong with any of the choices of chocolate, they all sounded delicious. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, and would definitely go back again. However when and if you do go, be prepared to spend at least $100-150.00.
Came here when I first moved to Vegas five years ago.  Thought it was a fun experience (since I never had fondue and I love cheese), food was alright nothing special.  It is a little pricey for what you get.  I felt the items you dipped in the cheese fondue were not the best quality.  The best part of the meal was desert.  Haven't been back since, but I guess it's something to experience at least once.
This place is excellent for a group.  Expect to stay for atleast 2 hours.  An ideal dinner there includes cheese (the fiesta is my fav), a salad, your entree, and chocolate fondue for dessert.  I recommend getting the turtle chocolate fondue.  The garlic and wine seasoning is good for everything.  They provide you with probably 10 different sauces for your main course, but I normally stick to the green goddess sauce.  I usually dump the potatoes and veggies in the pot and leave the steaks and other meats in the broth for approx 2 mins (depending on how rare you want your steak).  The amount of food they give you for your main course looks very little, but you will be stuffed in the end.  Overall, the food and ambiance was excellent.  Good place to take first dates.  :)
I can see why they closed for a while. probably will again soon. We tried to eat there. It was 6:10 pm, we didn't have a reservation. There was no line, nobody waiting and only two tables with people at them. Never the less we were told it would be minimum of an hour wait but probably longer. I understand that it is a slow paced dinner, but that is ridiculous. needless while we were deciding where to spend our dinner money not one other person went anywhere near the restaurant. I've eaten at the melting pot in other states, it wasn't ever that great to wait over an hour for, but at least they knew how to seat their customers. At least I won't feel the need to go back.
I love the idea that you get to watch your food as it melts or cooks until your liking. Must try the dinner for two: salad, cheese fondue, entree, & dessert. This is a place worth experiencing.
Excellent food, good atmosphere and great service!  The waiter was very attentive, but not overly so.
I have been here several times, and it never disappoints.  The servers, as usual, were very friendly and extremely helpful.  They spent a lot of time describing the menu and helping us order for a group of 6.

When you come here, be prepared for AT LEAST a 2 hour meal.  It might go faster if you skimp on the number of courses.  We had all four so it took us awhile.  We had a cheese, salad, entree, and dessert course.

Since we are a group of 6, we had up to 2 choices of cheeses as well as cooking styles for the entree later on.  Both cheeses were good - the spinach and artichoke and the special from the Big Night Out - which had a whole brie in it! Cheese are served with bread and some veggies.

I liked the mojo, and the coc au vin would probably have been better had the alcohol form the wine (poured in at the table) cooked out.  We picked out 3 a la carte entrees, and that was plenty for 6 of us.  We, after all, had to save room for the dessert.

Dessert is on a separate menu and there's a lot to choose from.  Since we were all pretty full, we just got one large dessert (instead of 2 regular sized) to share.  It comes with marshmallows, cheesecake, strawberries, bananas, pound cake, and brownie.  The chocolate was flambeed (oooh, fire) and was totally yummy. (We got the one with marshmallow, I cannot remember the name of it).

I'll be back. It's usually a once a year type event for me. :)
The four courses big night out menu is good value and a good try.  The first course is cheese dip (melting cheese in white wine) veg.  If you like sharp, choose their swiss.  The second is salad, you can choose any salad they have in salad menu, I chose the California salad, which is really good.  Their default salad has beet and egg, not my favorite.  The third course you have three choices, meat meat meat.  Difference is, meat, or with 1 lobster, or with 2 lobster tails, with veg and several sauces.  I feel the blue cheese sauce goes with beef really well. There is a free soup base, and two other with extra charge.  The last was the best, their desert.  You can choose any chocolate base, we chose the Yin and Yang.  There are white and black mush mellow, crispy rice, cheese cake, and the last not least, the strawberry, which we found the best dipping in the Yin and Yang.  Next time, I will only order the desert, like Anthony M.
I heard some good things about this place, my honey took me for my birthday after Christmas and I was so disappointed. First thing we decided we did not want "the big night out" when we ordered just cheese the Waitresses attitude totally changed to a snippy rude attitude maybe because we weren't getting food...
The things to dip in the cheese were horrible carrots that were too small to poke, bread that was old and crusty and apples that were soggy.
I would not go back to this place ever; we will make fondue at home for cheaper :) I didn't get the chocolate that everyone raves about because we were so disappointed with the cheese.
The Melting Pot really never disappoints..

For our last visit, we got the four course option.

The first was the cheese fondue.  We ordered the option from their special French themed menu.  It was a mix of Brie and a few other fancy sounding cheeses with bacon and truffle in there.  It was served with the customary bread, apples, and veggies.  This cheese option was just OK.  However, I'm not gonna deduct any stars just because I'm not the biggest fan of the cheeses in this fondue.  I would definitely ask the waiter for a recommendation when it comes to the cheese.  We usually do, however, the guy who took our order didn't seem to have the knowledge/experience of their usual waiters.  He was quickly replaced by a more experienced waiter when our cheese came out.  Apparently, he was a busboy that is training to be a waiter.  Anyway, always ask for a recommendation with cheese.  On previous trips, we had plans to order the special cheese and our waitress recommended against it and offered other choices that were popular.  Try the mexican style cheese fondue it's definitely the best!  Gourmet nachos!

Next came the salads, which also don't disappoint.  My girlfriend and I always order the house salad with house dressings.  So good!  My sister got a caesar and my mom got the house salad with the peppercorn ranch.  They both liked their salads as well.  

Although we decided last time not to order entrees, because it was just too much food, we still got them this time.  You have to get the Coq au Vin oil/seasoning/broth mixture to cook your entree in.  It is by far the best option.  On all of our other trips, we would get the mojo which is a citrus/caribbean option.  The broth makes all the difference because it alters the flavor of every dish.  The mojo is good, but only if you don't mind the citrus flavor in every dish.  We ordered two of the special fondue fushion options.  This is the best option if you are interested in ordering all four courses, because it comes with more choices on your entree plate and costs about the same as ordering a la carte.  It came with lobster, filet mignon, ny strip steak, chicken, duck l'orange, shrimp, and these little raviolis.  Every single option was delicious and well marinated/seasoned.  The sauces also go better with the entree options when you use the Coq au Vin.

Last but not least, we got the original chocolate fondue.  There's not much to say, but this is perfection.  They seemed a little cheap with the dippers as they usually come back and ask if you'd like any additional.  We asked for some bananas and the waiter seemed a little stingy when he offered to get some.  But that's ok.  It's still delicious.
Melting Pot is a great place to go with friends. If you do the "Big Night Out" (which I highly recommend), your experience will be between 2-3 hours. You get to choose a cheese fondue for your first course, with veggies & bread for dipping. Each person gets to choose a salad (I miss the old mushroom salad, but the new one is good). Then a cooking style for your main course (Coq a Vin is delicious, and the regular boullion is not bad at all). And lastly, you choose from a chocolate fondue for your dessert plate, all are delicious!
If you have 6 people you end up with 2 burners, and you can choose 2 cheese, cooking styles & chocolates.
Drinks are a little expensive, and the food is slightly overpriced, but in my opinion you are paying for the experience. Good times!
Wasn't really prepared for a 2-3 hour dining experience; however, I decided to "trip the light fantastic"  This place was low-key, dim lighting, private booths, but....bread was stale, carrotts and veggies weak, beer/cheese fondue o.k.  Deep fat fried meat, don't know what cardioligist would say.......but I thought it sucked.  Save the fondue experence for France.  Should have gotten the whole enchillada with three courses, but I would have fallen asleep waiting for the food.  Wife and I went out to eat someplace when we were fnished.  If I go back, I wouldn't do it.
The PERFECT date night dinner........in my ever so humble opinion! 

On my first date with my husband, which was practically a BLIND date, he brought me to the Melting Pot. I had never been there before because I was the epitome of the BROKE college kid, and had succumb to the realization that I probably never would. When his invitation arose to join him there for dinner, I was beyond words EXCITED! 
As a female, you'd think I'd be fretting over what to wear that night or how my hair looked, but not I. I was worried about devouring massive amounts of food.......I had heard all about the goodness, and God knows I LOVE TO EAT!!! 
The lighting is very dim, creating a romantic ambiance, and the booths are SMALL.........you have no choice but to get close! Each table is equip with one burner, so if you're not a sharing person, this might not be your cup of tea! 
We shared the BIG NIGHT OUT.....it consisted of a cheese fondue, salads, entree and DESSERT. Holy heck, that was A LOT of food! I seriously could have stopped after the cheese fondue, but then the salad arrived and it looked so fresh and appetizing. After pacing myself, the entree portion was placed in front of us. There was a variety of veggies, meats and seafood to choose from, plus six or so dipping sauces! Dessert.........my absolute favorite part of any meal.........didn't disappoint! Different varieties of chocolate to choose from, plus pound cake, bananas, strawberries, rice krispie treats and brownies! 
*Let me take a moment........................SIGH!* 

I love this place! I love the atmosphere.......I love watching my food cooked in front of me.........I LOVE THE FOOD..........it's simply just GREAT! 
We don't get back often enough, but that's alright by me. Eating like that should only happen during the holidays! :)
Wow, what a great experience. I have dined at The Melting Pot several times before, but had not been there in a while. 

We ordered the gluten-free 'Big Night Out' and it was awesome. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable in the "gluten-free area" and it made our experience that much more enjoyable. He was very friendly, kind but not at all intrusive. 

Highly recommended -- it's the perfect date night spot.
Considering how little food you actually get.... yes, you could say the Melting Pot is overpriced.  But let's face it -- you're paying for the experience as much as (if not more than) the food.  The waiters are extremely knowledgable and professional.  And the whole cooking-your-own-food experience is really fun and different.

 If you want a romantic dinner that is guaranteed to last at least 2 hours (probably more like 3), you can't ask for a better place.  Make sure you request one of the little corner, 2-seater booths!
You wouldn't believe this if I tell you that this is definitely the PERFECT family restaurant, great for kids!  Well, if your kids are cheese fanatics like mine are...oh, and I guess I should add that they are also chocolate fanatics as well, but what normal kid isn't a fan of chocolate?

We dined here on "Mommy's" birthday, and although everyone touts this place as being very "romantic" and "perfect for date night," I will have to admit...we looked beyond that and thought of the kids first.  They completely enjoyed having to dip their own food into the cheese fondue and more!

The Melting Pot is an amazing restaurant that really defines a great dining experience.  Don't dine here if you are looking to feast on some heavy dishes.  Come here for the great interactive experience of dipping your bite-sized morsels into a variety of fondue to capture this experience popularized by its origin countries of Switzerland and France.

We chose the prix fixe menu, their 4-course Big Night Out menu.  To start, we had their Spinach and Artichoke Cheese Fondue made of Fontina and Butterkase Cheeses, perfect for the kids.  It is accompanied with fresh bread, apples, and vegetables.  The second course is their salad course.  We chose their Shrimp Ceviche w/Avocado Salad...tasty, but a bit on the over-dressed, tangy side.  Next was the entree course.  We requested the Lobster Indulgence which included 2 tails, NY strip, chicken provencal, white shrimp, duck a l'orange, and a ravioli (or potsticker).  If that isn't enough, you can order more a la carte.  We chose the Mojo fondue which is a citrus, garlic and cilantro flaired bouillon w/Caribbean seasonings.  Had the kids not been there, I would have opted for the more traditional Coq Au Vin fondue...always love me some red wine!  And of course, lastly, the dessert fondue!  Dark chocolate w/a bit of dulce de leche and a sprinkle of Fleur de Sel, or sea salt.  Truly decadent!  Choices to dip?  Strawberries, bananas, pound cake, brownies, cheesecake, rice krispie treats, and oreo-crusted and graham cracker-crusted marshmallows, were all inhaled within minutes...mainly by the children, of course.  Did I mention that this place is a perfect family restaurant?

Their wine list is also amazing, nationally recognized as one of the best in any national restaurant chain.  Mommy & Daddy were able to say *C*H*E*E*R*S* w/a bottle of Old World Red, 2005 Rioja Reserva, Marquesde Riscal.  Very smooth!

Service is upscale and very friendly.  Although a bit pricey, my husband and I, along with the 2 kids, enjoyed our dinner and celebrating our special occasion here.  Highlight of the night was my son constantly raving this place to be 5-stars, 6-stars after he had the dessert.  My reason for the 4-star rating is simply this:  I'm a fan for this dining experience, but I don't think this is a place to dine often enough other than to celebrate a yearly occasion.  Yet, I have to say that The Melting Pot is truly spectacular!
This was a great experience to be had! There were 4 of us that went and we had a fun time playing with our delicious courses. I have to say of you have not tried it here you are missing out. The dessert portion was delightful and the steaks and fish were great! We will revisit this place again.
Good food, Amanda is awesome server but lighting is awful.
This place is pretty cool. It's expensive but I love it. My husband and I went and did the four course meal. First we got a salad, then an appetizer of cheese with bread, apples and vegetables to dip into it. Then we got meat and cooked it at our table. Then we had dessert; we did the salted chocolate and to dip into it they gave us: bananas, strawberries, cheesecake, rice crispy treats, pound cake, oreo marshmallows, and graham cracker marshmallows. 

I would come back here but I would just do the cheese (appetizer) and the dessert. The salad was good, but not anything special. And the meat was fine, but it was more like stew, and you had to be sure you cooked it enough. It's a pretty cool place, it does take a good 2 hours if you do all four courses, but it's fun.
I seriously love this place.  Where else can you spend 3 hours just eating???  My wife and I have been coming here for the last 5 years and have never left disappointed.  Kevin was an Awesome waiter very friendly and knew he answer to every question we had in regards to the menu.  Once again we left full and happy.  Make sure you call in your reservation ahead of time and plan on spending a couple hrs. eating.  If you like privacy like I do they have some couples booths in the back of the restaraunt that are the best if you ask nicely they'll save one for you with your reservation and you won't have to deal with lost patrons walking past your booth looking at you.  The food is phenominal and its just an all around good time. Can't wait to go again
It's been a long time since I was able to get over to this place but I can say that it was a fantastic meal.  The food was great, service was spectacular and atmosphere very hip.
If you want a proper meal, dont go here
If you want good delicious food, dont go here
If you want your food to be freshly cooked for you, dont go here
If you want to feel hungry after your meal go here
If you are a vegitarian, you will like it here
If all you like is smelly unauthentic cheese, go here
If you read this whole post, you get my point
I LOVE THE MELTING POT!! 

I don't "heart" it, that's lame. 

I LOVE IT!! 

I ate here for the first time in 2007 and totally enjoyed the whole experience! The inside is so not what you'd expect from the outside of the restaurant, and that's a good thing!! It's dimly lit in the dining area, which sets the mood if you're there with your sweetie! But good for a group also! 

After years of yearning to return to The Melting Pot (even though I saw one in Portland, OR the 3 times I've been there with my sister...she never wants to eat there!), I finally got to return to their Summerlin location and introduce this lovely place to my BF. 

We decided to get their Big Night Out 4 course meal and change up the options. For salads, he got the house and I stuck with their Latin theme which was a shrimp ceviche salad. Both were excellent, but I liked my salad the best! 

For the cheese fondue, we switched the queso cheese for their spinach artichoke cheese fondue. It came with carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, cubed bread, and cubes granny smith apples. Soo yummy!! 

Our main dish (I forget what it was called) had lobster tail, filet mignon, shrimp, 2 other meats, and ravioli. The broth we chose to cook them in was their garlic one (I can't remember what it was called!). But everything was soo delicious! Of course the waiters tell you the suggested cooking times for everything, but we quickly lost track of time! 

Dessert was switched for their Cookies and Cream Marshmallow Dream, which was made with dark chocolate. The dippers it came with were: cubed rice krispie treats, cubed pound cake, strawberries, marshmallows, and pineapples...soo good!! 

ps: the first time I dined here, I was able to make reservations via OpenTable, but not anymore :( You can still make reservations online through their website, though! 

Our server was very nice and helpful, he was very patient with us while deciding what to eat and drink! I got the wine pairings for the Latin Big Night Out meal - and they were all pretty good. 

I must say - I do love the personalized napkins they have in their bathrooms - they're soo thick and of good quality!! And the mints they give you with the bill and have upfront are also good! We also bought 3 bottles of their garlic and wine seasoning for our families, which my sister said goes really well with mac and cheese!
The Melting Pot is always a great choice for a relaxing romantic dinner. We went last night and got the Latin Big Night Out. 

We started off with several delicious drinks, which are not too expensive. We got the Swiss Cheese Fondue to start. Yum! Comes with apples, veggies and bread. Then we both ordered the California salad. You could almost make a meal out of just those two items. 

We got the Fondue Fusion and it came with Filet Mignon, Lobster, Chicken, Shrimp, Pork, and Sirloin. We ordered the mojo cooking style which is a citrus and it is good! It also comes with red potatoes and veggies. The server brought out about 8 different sauces. All good! 

We ended with chocolate turtle desert fondue. So good. 

Warning, if you don't want to cook your own food, dont come here. If you are in a hurry, dont come here. If you dont like fondue, dont come here. If you dont like simple preparation, dont come here. 

Other than that, I love melting pot. The boothes are secluded and it is nice, romatic and good.
We went there for my husband's birthday. I made a reservation online on their website the same day. It was very convenient. The atmosphere is very intimate and romantic. Staff was friendly, our waiter was polite and professional. We decided for the 4 course menu and had traditional Swiss cheese fondue (the kirschwasser was a little too bitter for my husband. I liked it, but since I have lived in Switzerland and have had real Swiss fondues there its kinda hard to impress me;) lol). The mushroom and spinach salad was ok, nothing special. The entree was by far my favorite. There was ahi tuna, shrimp, teriyaki beef and thin slices of steak, and chicken, plus fresh mushrooms,  broccoli, and potatoes. The chocolate fondue was pretty tasty as well. I asked to substitute marshmallows for extra strawberries and they brought us an extra bowl of strawberries. I thought that was nice. And there was a birthday candle on the cheesecake for my husband. The experience is a little pricy but well worth it. Will probably go back for another special occasion.
HERE WE GO!!! So this place is pretty much amazing great food great staff and just an amazing experience for a fondue restaurant the only thing was it was a little pricey but it was my b day and my loving amazing and so talented and beautiful and successful wife took me to enjoy some foods of the Gods =) so we sat down and ordered the 4 course dinner for 2 and we started with a very bitter cheese fondue and i wasn't impressed thinking this was a bust i lowered my standards of the restaurant and was surprised by the main course it consisted of steak shrimp chicken and teryaki steak ...so good =) and last but not least our chocolate fondue was impressive as well fruit and cheese cake and browny bites for your dipping pleasure
Expensive, but worth it for a special occasion! I enjoyed it thoroughly, and was totally filled up by the end of it.
Growing up, fondue has always been a tradition on Xmas Eve, something my mom reminded me and my dad when we were contemplating where to go after church on Saturday.  I've been there before and knew that they give you A LOT of food so I recommended we get a Wisconsin Cheese Trio and one entree (that comes with a salad).  We ordered drinks and waited.  And waited.  The waiter finally came out with the cheese plate after I hit the hostess stand for some candy to get me by.  The cheese was excellent, especially with the bread.  I was temporarily mollified with cheese and waited for the next course (Land and Sea).  And waited.  A person brought out a dirty pot and assumed that was an acceptable way to serve a very expensive entree.  I asked for a new pot and another person felt it was acceptable to wipe the pot with a dirty rag.  Rolls eyes.  The meat was good but not as much as it was in the past.  No dessert and we still rolled out of there full.  I was advised not to complain (bad karma) and left quietly.  Will not be back.  Hopefully a competitor of Melting Pot will hit the Las Vegas scene.  There were a few back in my hometown of MI that were just as good.
Don't really know how to rate this place as somethings are really good and some not so much.

Took the gf here for our 3 year anniversary the day after Valentine's. As you can imagine, it's been 3 days of feasting since we both had to work Valentine's so we celebrated a day early and then of course had to eat on Valentine's and now here to complete the trio.

Gf's favorite meal is shabu shabu, so Melting Pot is the fancy equivalent...or so I thought.

Got the Four Course Special:

1) Battled between the Spinach Artichoke and the Fiesta...gf won out with the Spinach. But I liked it too. Was starving and wiped the fondue stainless bowl clean. 4 stars

Note 1: pace yourself, it's a marathon not a sprint.
Note 2: the cheese gets progressively hotter the nearer you get to the end.

2) GF chose the spinach mushroom salad, I chose the Big Night Out monthly special salad, basically 1/4 uncut lettuce with gorgonzola cheese and bacon. Liked mine, loved my gf's! 5 stars

3) Then came the land and sea. :/ Loved the concept of dipping meats and seafood. Picked the red wine broth. Really didn't add any flavor to the protein. And the cooking style was truly a compromise.  1 star.

4) Wow, dessert is melted chocolate. Need I say more? The best were the brownies the worst were the marshmallows but is there really a worst, not really, it was just in comparison and because I don't really care for marshmallows other than at a campfire and even then, it's for the fire show rather than the taste. 5 stars.

Average it out: it's a 3 star, with a heavy weight on entrees. If this was a dessert and appetizer place, it would have been a 5 star!

Service was knowledgeable and professional, though could feel our server winding down for the night as we were one of the last tables. But definitely still very pleasant service!
Waaaaaay too expensive for what u get. I had the Valentines Day menu, so I am assuming it was more limited than at other times. The environment was the best part of it, so private and intimate! Very romantic! The experience of it is unforgetable. But me being the foodie that I am in a city of options...I think I will Fondu at home. Oour bill was more than $200! And they slaped a 20% gratuity onto the bill! There are 5 star places on the strip I could have gone to for this price or less. Great, caring people work here, a huge plus anywhere. Overall, liked it, have better options to spend my money on next time tho.
We went on a friday night. We were told they were booked solid and made reservations. Place was empty all night. No one but us and one other table. 

Friendly staff and good food but the wait time was unreal. After ordering we waited 30 mins between food deliveries. 

Total time in restaurant was 4 hrs 30 mins.

Price... rediculous. Entrees get you 5 pieces of meat the size of a quarter for $25-$30.

And you have to cook your own food and you leave hungry.

Three of us and the bill was $459
This was a really great dining experience for me and my group. We had the four course classic menu with a cheddar cheese fondue, house and Caesar salads, the mojo fondue cooking style for our entrees, and a classic chocolate fondue. The four course menu is set for parties of 2 so we ordered 2 sets. 

Unfortunately we weren't able to select different types of fondue per set because we were all seated at one table. This was unfortunate because two members of our group were not adventurous eaters so we stuck to the basic/classic fondues. On the bright side however, because they didn't eat any of the seafood entrees me and my "date" got to have double the amount of seafood!

It was really fun spearing and dipping and cooking your food in this community pot! Occasionally we'd have a "man down" call and have to go fishing for lost pieces of meat or veggies and that person would get a TON of cheese or chocolate on their food.

The prices were a little high for the amount of food but what you're really paying for is the experience. Our waiter was excellent and we let him know that we were in a bit of a hurry. He let us know that fondue dining tends to take a little longer than a normal meal but he managed to keep the meal paced quickly. 

It's definitely a great place for a date or to celebrate a special occasion! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
Had my birthday dinner at the Melting Pot last night.  
Tried the Big Night Out with some modifications.
Sam Adams Beer cheese fondue was to die for.
Filet, shrimp, lobster and chicken were tasty in the Mojo cooking style-- didn't really care for the mix of the Memphis pork in the Mojo.
Opted for the Cookies and cream dessert-- delicious.  Perfect ending!
Took a REALLY long time between courses so I think we too were caught in the "last customers in" slump but our server remained courteous and attentive.
Looking forward to celebrating there again sometime.
I take my wife here every year for our anniversary, and I do not share the experience with anyone else. But I'll let you in on this place, since you're my friend.
For how excited I was to try this place out, I left disappointed. I would say this is more of a "date; or lets get to know each other VERY VERY VERY well" type of spot. My girls and I decided to do dinner there before we go clubbing one night. Dinner reservations were set at seven giving us more than enough time to eat and go for drink after.. For starters we got seated at about a half an hour after seven, the service took ages for each courses to come out, and the course sizes were a complete disappointment leaving more than half of hungry. Dessert was the best part of the meal, but for 18 dollars for what you get, it was not worth it. And biggest surprise of all was how they divided the bill amongst us. Some of the girls decided to get separate courses and share, and when the bill arrived they automatically charged per individual rather than per item like stated on the menu. Long story short we all left paying $60+ for a meal that left us hungry and disappointed. And what made it even worse is that we did not leave the restaurant till 10:30pm!!! That is how tediously slow the service was : (
Big night Out was fantastic!  My GF and I try to make it to at least 2 of the menu changes a year, so we can try all the different goodies they have.  :)  

Make sure you bring an appetite, because its a 2 1/2 hour marathon of eating four courses.  You're usually throwing in the towel by the time you get dessert, but then that platter comes out, and you're like ".........I've got it in me!"

Its expensive, so if you were planning on eating for 50$, go to friggen Applebee's.  Quit complaining, its fine(ish) dining.  :)
I love dipping stuff in melted cheese or chocolate! It has been a few years since I have been to a Melting Pot. It is often pushed to the back as a special occasions type of place. That does not mean that I do not try to find a reason to come, but after they shut down the one on Eastern, the idea of fondue slipped away. I was reminded that there was a second location in Summerlin and it was perfect because one of my old professors lived on this side of town. With convenience for her in mind, my friend and I drove out here for dinner with her.

I had forgot to make a reservation on a Friday night, but we were seated as soon as the whole party was present. As a party of four, all we wanted was the cheese and chocolate course. If you are starving then the Big Night Out is the way to go. Two courses was more than enough for us. The portions of sides to swirl in cheese is minimal. It is nice that the servers have no issue with a request for more veggies, bread, or granny smith apples. The same about portions could be said about their desserts too. With chocolate, I have no issues of ladling the chocolate straight into my mouth though. 

A few hours later, a full stomach, and some wonderful conversation left us all in a place of joy. Now to plan another special event.
The food here has always been delicious. I mean, come on, bowls full of cheese and chocolate to dip things into? How can that possibly go wrong?!?! I wanted to write this review a bit more about the service we got.

We planned a mini date out, just my better half and myself with out the kiddies. Calling the Melting Pot at 9pm to make sure they were still open until 10pm (as promised on the website) and sure enough the phone said so too. We show up and there is a sign on the door apologizing for the inconvenience as they were closing at 9pm... 15 minutes prior to our arrival. Devastation. Babysitters already planned and payed, kids safely tucked away at home, and our first real date in a loooooong time crushed.

I know what you are thinking, "why did they get 5 stars if you were so devastated?!?"

Well, I will tell you. The manager (Zach) was amazing. I wrote a letter explaining in detail our complete devastation. He apologized thoroughly and said they could not get the message to change when they would be closing. He then treated me and my husband to dinner to ease our suffering. We were able to use the money we would have spent on dinner to pay the babysitters to come back and watch our kids. He came over and greeted us at our table and had Chris take care of us. The service was impeccable. The food was amazing. Overall, LOVED it! We will definitely be going back when we get the chance. I really felt like they gave a hoot about us.

Tip about the meat:
Before when going to the melting pot we didn't pay attention to the length of time they suggested for the meats. We figured we would be able to tell and our food was always overcooked and average. This time we listened to Chris and the food was all perfectly cooked. So when your server tells you how long each thing should be for... LISTEN!
This is a really fun place - great for a date, because the booths are high and semi-private. Also, you get to cook food together, which is cool if the conversation dies. Of course, I always go there with my bff, so we're never short of people to talk about, er... conversation. 

The meals are served in courses: cheese, salad, main and dessert. You don't have to do all four, but seriously... why wouldn't you?

The cheese course is served with bread cubes (white and dark), raw veggies and granny smith apples. You can pick from four or so different cheese combos that your server will prepare at your table, complete with a well-rehearsed warning not to burn yourself on the steam table or fondue pot. 

Salads are pretty straightforward. The house dressing is rather sweet, so if you're not into that, stick with vinaigrette or bleu cheese. 

The main courses are great - we usually get a mixed plate of raw meats both seasoned and unseasoned. All are fresh and delicious (chicken, filet, shrimp), and they come with broccoli and mushrooms and eight dipping sauces. You will also need to choose from flavors of cooking broth. I've tried Cajun and coq au vin - both very nice. At this point, you will receive another friendly PSA about eating raw meat (bad) and burning yourself (also bad). 

Dessert? Three words: white chocolate caramel. There are other choices, but I've never ventured past the pot of gooey melted heaven that you get to dip marshmallows (coated in graham crackers or Oreos), Rice Krispy squares, pound cake, cheesecake and various fruits into. Nobody will judge you if you just use your spoon and eat it from the pot, although in your frenzy to get it all, please remember to let it cool!

Even the coffee there is divine. 

Be forewarned - you will easily spend money at this place. My friend and I left last night poorer by nearly $125. Is it worth it? Oh yeah.
Been here about twice and the service is always great. I absolutely love their broth, but just wished they had a little bit more to their menu.
Lovely date setting! I did the Femme Fatale event that includes four courses for $32... cheese, salad, meat, then dessert (simply put). The spinach and artichoke cheese fondue is absolutely to die for... it was my favorite, especially with the bread! I'm not a huge salad fan, but I heard they're good enough to take a trip to the Melting Pot just for that. You get chicken, steak, shrimp, potatoes, and broccoli to cook in a broth. I picked Caribbean Mojo, which was also very delicious. Then came dessert (if you weren't already stuffed)... I tried the special White Creme Brulee chocolate. Again, amazing! They give you strawberries, bananas, brownie bites, marshmallows, cheesecake, and pound cake... I might even be missing something. Man, it was a feast for the senses! However, I thought the 3rd course's broth was going to be included with the meal; we were charged $12 for the pot. Other than that, it was a great experience. The service was pretty good on the Monday night that we went. I would certainly go again!
We love going in for an appetizer, house salad and dessert.  It is a fun night out!  Be sure to request Troy V as your server.  He is the best and will make it a night to remember!
All 4 courses are amazing!
We went here for my birthday dinner. We called earlier in the week to make reservations and check happy hour times. My friend spoke Ashley the hostess who told her happy hour was from 5to 6 and the last hour 7 days a week. WRONG! on saturday we got there just after 5 only to find out that happy hour on Saturday and Sunday is from 4-5. The hostess was so rude about it and my sweet friend is a force to be reckoned with. The manager honored the happy hour price for the food which was a very nice gesture but the hostess from the very beginning was not at all apologetic she was extremely cold and rude. Like she was pissed that the manager had helped us out. She sat a table next to us and was all smiles and sweet as can be. Unfortunately this is the only melting pot in Las Vegas, and it is a wonderful date spot. I will return only because the manager was so helpful our server was sweet and the food was good! But please know your Hostess is the first impression of any business and as a person who has hundreds of options on where to spend my money when it comes to dinner her impression matters!
Love the food and is the better thing u can get during the winter ;) fat n warm.... The appear terser is great with all the cheeses;) the main course is ok, and last but not least the dessert-- dark chocolate with nuts!!!! I can drink the whole pot, Really!!! Lol highly recommend!
Service is awesome! Apple martini is so good! This is a for sure date spot to make your dates panties drop! :)
It's about $150 for 3 people with two rounds of drinks. If you really like cheese and chocolate than this is the place for you. But I found that the entree selection was a bit limited for the true foodie. The strawberry salad was delish though. Desert was simple. Just dip everything into chocolate.
I've eaten at 3 or 4 Melting Pot locations around the country, and if I had been on yelp 7 years ago, I probably would have given this place 4 or even 5 stars.  The evening is fantastic, it takes about 2.5 hours or more, and it's a great pace.  You are never in a rush, and it's certainly a different way to dine.

So, when we went to Melting Pot last night, I was troubled to learn that the menu had changed.  The Big Night Out which we had shared so many times was gone, replaced with a more a la carte ordering system.  You order by the person now, still having to share the cheese and dessert courses with the table as a whole.  Already, I was annoyed by the change in the menu.  THEN, I open the wine list to find fewer than 10 wines by the glass in white, even fewer in red, and only a page of wines period.  This is much, much less than Melting Pot used to have. I pointed this out to our server, and she informed me I was correct, the wine list had been paired down significantly.  Apparently the decision was made to simplify things.  Of course, I imagine stocking pricier bottles was not paying off, and I certainly understand a restaurant needing to make changes based on the bottom line.  But, it certainly affected my meal and will affect my decision whether to come in the future.

The meal was a solid Melting Pot meal.  We had the Wisconsin trio, an excellent blend of cheeses.  We asked our server to go heavy on the blue cheese and garlic, and she obliged in spades.  Excellent flavor.  The cajun platter and lobster fusion were next, and while good, the meat course left a little to be desired.  I feel like the portions are smaller, but I can't prove this.  I will say the shrimp was the favorite meat, and that's saying something when we ordered a dish with steak and lobster.  A tip if you eat here, put the mushrooms and potatoes in IMMEDIATELY.  The potatoes still weren't completely cooked by the end of the meal.  That's always been an issue with Melting Pot.  I would think there is a way to fix it, but I haven't seen it yet.

The dessert was the star of the meal.  We had the white chocolate creme brulee.  White chocolate with caramelized sugar drizzled on top.  Excellent, very glad we tried the special dessert.  My favorite in meals past was always the main course, but today it was the desserts.  I'm not saying we won't come back to Melting Pot, but the chances are much slimmer than they were yesterday before our meal.
TOTALLY OVERRATED AND OVERPRICED.

CONS)
1) They lost our reservation after making it on the internet and calling.
2) We then got seated in our OWN room that was basically DESERTED THE ENTIRE NIGHT with very little help.
3) WAITER TROY acted like we were the biggest annoyance of his night?? Right from the very beginning.
4) 20 minutes for 4 sodas and 1 drink from the bar.
5) Once we got cheese, wait like 30-40 minutes to be asked if everything was okay.
6) Daughter never got refill on soda - had to ask some random person standing out in another room. Also, never got my ice water, how hard is that???
7) Waited again like 30 minutes AFTER cheese just to do CHOCOLATE.
PS - never take you toddler here - unless you and your little one can handle a 3+  hour MEAL FOR 2 COURSES!!!!
8) Basically asked for check as soon as waiter brought chocolate - knew we'd never see waiter again.  We were right he came to COLLECT
+++$170.00 for 2 courses -- 6 eating chocolate, 3 salads, and 4 eating chocolate.
BIGGEST RIP-OFF around for the amount of food.

PROS)  Good chocolate with yummy dippers.

Unfortunately - we won't ever be back to this Las Vegas location.  I predict it too will close, just like the Henderson one did.  If the service stays that bad, how could it not.

Sorry Melting Pot for the review. Super let down for us after planning it weeks in advance for our traveling company.
My wife and I had visited the location in Orange County, CA several years ago with some friends.  We were recently given a gift card for the Melting Pot and had the opportunity to go to the Las Vegas location.  The resturant is quite small, when we arrives at 6:30 on a Sunday it was full, mostly couples.  We ordered the 4 course meal. We started with the spinach and artichoke dip, then salads.  For the main course we both ordered the steak lovers (we were alread full).  You get about  6oz of meat with the entree.   For dessert we had the Flaming Turtle.  Over all the food was pretty good, the dining experience is what most people are there for.  Service was a little slow, it took 3 hours from the time we were seated until we paid the bill.  We were out of there for about $115 with tax and tip.
Have a reservation! I think it would have probably been unlikely for my husband and I to just walk-in and be seated immediately. Also, DO NOT be in a hurry if you plan to eat here comfortably. We were here for 2 hours! But it was a great and unique experience. I've never had fondue before, and I really enjoyed everything. 
We got the spinach and artichoke cheese dip to start, which was great with the bread and veggies, but a little weird with the apples. Our salads were very good, but very small (a good thing considering it is a 4 course meal). The meat dishes took the longest to go through because you get 3 skewers to use, and it takes 3 minutes to cook each piece of meat. But by the end of it, you barely have any room for dessert. We chose the chocolate and peanut butter fondue, which was an excellent choice, but I only had a little of it because I was so full. Over all, I really enjoyed everything, my only gripe comes from our waitress mixing up our cheese fondue so aggressively, she splashed my arm with the hot fondue and didn't seem to notice or slow down. We will be back though!
I really don't have anything bad to say about my experience here. I went last night to have a quiet evening celebrating my best friends birthday. We were waited on by Thomas and he was superb. I went here a few weeks ago just to get dessert and he was my waiter then as well. It took awhile for him to come to us in the beginning but once you see how hands on he is with everything that goes into your meal it is understandable and acceptable, especially when there are many decisions to make regarding the menu. 
Dinner was fantastic. We had the Wisconsin Trio, salads, a Pacific Rim and Classic entree, and the classic chocolate peanut butter dessert. This is the perfect place when you want to sit and talk and have a nice discussion because you feel like you are in your own little room. With that being said, make sure you like the people you go with because it can be up to a 3 hour affair depending on your own pace. We stayed for about 3 hours and greatly enjoyed the experience.
Let me start by saying that this is my girlfriends favorite restaurant and she insists on coming here for all special occasions.  I too appreciate their delicious and decadent fondue preparations.  To my knowledge, there is nowhere else in Las Vegas serving what they are serving at at The Melting Pot.  Our favorite course is the cheese one, where you dip various vegetables and bread into a selection of melted cheese.  Cooking meat in hot liquid is not really my personal thing, but its still pretty good.  And then there is the desert course...various delicious tidbits that you can dip in melted chocolate.  All in all, I highly recommend this place for its unique dining experience, atmosphere and all around quality.  Reservations are a must.
I love the melting pot! 
I wish they had like local specials (they have industry specials).
Good food and service and the Groupon we had made it that much better.  The concept was foreign to me, but the waitress was super friendly and explained what, why and how she was  doing everything.  

We only had the happy hour items, but the food was great and we plan on returning for dinner in the near future.
Love this place! Food and service are always spot on. Me and my boyfriend used to go once every six months to try the new big night out. We are curious to get out and try the new style dining experience.
Love love love this place , great service every time , nice servers , I love the spinach salad and the French quarter plate, make sure you use mojo for the cooking oil, and for desert get the creme brûlée with dark chocolate and extra brownies n strawberries for dipping I love it
What an incredible evening! A bachelorette party of 10 ladies came here on Saturday night and it was fantastic. The service was very attentive, the pace was just right, and the food was delicious. We all got the 4 course meal and shared 4 bottles of wine. The experience lasted 3.5 hours and was absolutely mah-velous!
Great place for fun dessert! Love how quiet it is making it good for conversation. It's also very interactive which is nice. A lil pricey but overall a good treat.
Our waitress was great about explaining the menu.  We tried the 4-course meal. I would definitely recommend only getting appetizer salad and dessert. The main entrees were not so good. I didn't like cooking it myself. The cheddar appetizer was awesome! Definitely get the premium add-on dippers. Salads were fresh and a good intermission to the saucy stuff. We had the flaming turtle for dessert which was in one word AMAZING! We were celebrating our 8th wedding anniversary and they were so sweet to give us a plate with chocolate covered strawberries.
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and it was absolutely perfect. The atmosphere is very romantic, and each booth has high walls to make for a very private dinner. The waitress was very helpful and it was very hands on. The dessert was the BEST! I definitely recommend this place.
I've been to this place twice with my wife. the ambiance is nice, quiet and very romantic. the food is fun as you dip meats, veggies, cheeses and fruits. this place is perfect if you'd like to get a little piece action after dinner..

2 thumbs up and a BIG smile!..
Our waitress Saki was very bubbly. I love bubbly people!! I lived everything about this place, mostly the dessert of course!  I don't recommend getting the duck though, that was the only thing I didn't care for, everything else was A+
The service wasn't thy wonderful, but the food was spectacular. We ordered the 4 course meal and had a wide variety of food and flavors. The Flaming Turtle chocolate fondue was by far the best flavor. We will be coming back!
This place is mediocre. :( very disappointed. Your just paying for the experience not the food. I highly not recommending this place. It's just a good desert place. I don't think lobster and steak should ever be fondues. It needs to be grilled ! I wish I can give it a 1/2 star. :)  I want buttered succulent lobster and grilled steak.
Portion sizes and price simply don't  compliment each other.  The quality isn't the greatest, and if you ask me, it should be for the price you pay!  I learned how easy it is to make Fondu and we never went back!  Overall, nothing impressive, overpriced!
Great fondue time with new friends - company Christmas party
Our New Years Eve tradition.   This was our first time visiting this location.  Luckily we were able to make our reservations pretty close to last minute.  

Arriving, we were greeted by the most monotone girl who wasn't happy to be working New Years Eve.   I get it but at least crack a smile.   We were seated immediately but as I sat down, there was a dirty napkin still on the seat.  Hmm.   I had to hand that to the girl right away.  Looking closer at our table, it was still dirty and needed cleaned.  Yuck. Even after we left, our jackets had 'leftover' food on them from the unclean table area.  Not really happy about that. 

Our waitress was shortly over to our table explaining the special menu they had for the evening. 
After making our choices and drink orders, she was back quickly to prepare our cheese fondue.  Absolutely delicious.  It had a nice blend of cheese, onion and bacon flavors combined.  This was served with rosemary and french breads, apples and veggies.   It's always great dipping each of these into the cheese blends.   

The salads were also delicious.   Pear with crumbled blue cheese and almonds tossed in a vinaigrette.   Fabulous.   It was small but you really didn't need anything larger with all of the food yet to come.  

The entree was loaded with cracked pepper filet, bbq pork,  honey chicken, mahi maui, jumbo prawns and gorgonzola saccetti.  You could add lobster tail for $15 but this was definitely enough food already.   The entree was mouth watering.  Plus the entree is served with potatoes, broccoli and mushrooms.   Yum!

With all of that food in our stomachs, there was still the mint chocolate fondue to devour.   Their chocolate fondues are accompanied by a plate of various desserts to dip including rice krispy treats, brownies, marshmallows and fruit.   I really shouldn't have eaten it but it sure was tasty!  

During our meal, our waitress wasn't really up to par.  My husband had ordered a drink which must have slipped her mind.  She later came back and asked again if he wanted another.  By that time we were done with our meals.  I understand it's a busy night but come on man...  I guess my rating would've been higher if there had been better service and cleanliness.  The food... still great!
Rushed us w/ the bill:

We were in the area and decided to dine here if we could get in.  We walked in around 5:30 on a Friday night and they were able to seat us without a reservation.  There were 2 tables w/ people besides us when we first arrived. They opened at 5pm.

We have been here a few times before and knew exactly what we wanted so we ordered everything right when we sat down.  We did not have any questions about the menu--our order was very simple and straight forward.  Two iced teas and two house salads w/ tangy dressing.  We ordered the pick three for two with all Teriyaki Sirloin, 1 order of sausage, (which was 4 slices) and extra potatoes.

Half way through the meal our server asked if we would be doing the chocolate course? We weren't sure at that time so we said No.  He said "I will be right back w/ your check."  A few minutes later he dropped the bill.  We weren't even done cooking all of our meat.  I usually decide if I want dessert when I am finished with my meal not halfway through the main course.  I understand there may be some extra prep work and they would like to know about dessert so they can get going on it.  No need to drop the bill so prematurely especially because the place wasn't even busy. Maybe he was mad we weren't raking up a huge bill.  We have done the Big Night out option a few times before and learned exactly what we do and don't like.  We usually end up with way to much food.

I understand it's a slow place to turn tables over and they don't want you there all night but c'mon? We were quick to order and not eating super slow.  It really irritates me to feel rushed like that.  We finished cooking the last pieces of meat and got a to-go box for them.  The time my bill was printed was 6:02pm.(see pics) We were there maybe 40min. max start to finish.  40 min. is quick for The Melting Pot which is supposed to be a "slow paced" dining experience.

The food was really good.  Teriyaki Sirloin has lots of juicy flavor. Love the 6 different sauce selections and the garlic salt. The salad size has decreased since the last time we visited.  Our iced teas hardly had any ice so we had to ask for a glass with ice so we could put ice in our teas. 

Overall not the best experience.  If we were dining for a special occasion I would be really unhappy.  Since it was just a Friday night out I can deal with the issues but won't be rushing back anytime soon.  I thought I would be giving a 5 star review tonight but we were actually quite disappointed. : (
The first Melting Pot I ever went was in Denver, Colorado and the food and service were amazing. Unfortunately the service here in Vegas is horrible! My drink was knocked and the red love Martini drizzled down my leg and inside my boot by our waitress and there was NO apology!!!.  No comp drink,  no extra napkins,  pretty much she shrugged it off like no big deal. The food was really good though,  the company I was with was Amazing and so are the drinks,  apparently even the one on my pants and inside boot....
This is the perfect place for couples who want an intimate night of food porn.  There is nothing sexier than a night of slowly feasting on morsels of meat, vegetables, bread and sweets, each dipped in cheese, bouillon, and chocolate.  I won't take anyone here except my spouse.  We religiously come here each year for our anniversary, and we're never disappointed.  Service is discreet and perfectly timed; you never feel as if you're rushed.  There are many other places to eat in Vegas, but non as worth every dollar you spend.
This place grosses me  out.   A pile of raw nest to share and I have to "cook" it myself?    

I know people love the concept but I'm just not a fan.   Aside from being bland...   There was no art to it.

Fun night for the girls?   Maybe.... If you drink enough.

Culinary experience?   NOT
Excellent service, superb food and a very warm and personal attentive experience.  We had the surf and turf 4 course which was worth every cent. Thank you Thomas who was our server great and attention detailed server which makes your dining experience even more spectacular.  I loved the food and have been suggesting to friends and family.
I have been wanting to come to this place for years. So, i figured what better wayt to spend my 32nd birthday.I was so stoked and made reservations for four a few days prior. I even signed up through email to see if they had any specials. Low and be hold i received a complimentary coupon for 6 chocolate covered strawberries. Sweet!! i was off to a good start!!!

My husband and I arrived 15 minutes early before our guests to scope out the menu..The items are kinda on the pricey side. But, I figured what the hay! You can only celebrate your bday once..right? Upon my guest arriving come to find out we all were new to this experience. The food kinda lacked seasoning and was in very small proportions. Our food took quite awhile to cook. 

Needless to say don't come here hungry, cause you will leave the same way you walked in. I've realized this is more so for like heavy socializing . All and all i did enjoy the experience just wouldn't come here with a large party again.I believe this experience would've been excellent but our waitress lacked personality.  She barely engaged in any convo.
It's always a fun experience to come here. It has a great atmosphere and it entertains my two yr old.
I love the Melting pot. Been several times and to other one across the country basically from sea to shining sea.  So the food her is pretty good. The quality is pretty on point. The California salad is amazing I can't lie. And cheese and chocolate you can't go wrong. 
So now it's time for me to address somethings I've seen in other comments. To the people who are concerned about the raw meat... Are you touching it with you fingers? Also the same person seemed upset that they had to cook their own food... What did they think fondue was? This isn't hibachi. Just be safe and don't cross contaminate and cook the chicken through, this doesn't take long. 
As far as prices go. Yea it costs a decent amount of money but I'm sure everyone knows that before they come. Some of the meals are like $40-50 a person well guys that's fine dining prices but you actually get 4 courses. Also if you're there and you want more order it! You're already dropping cash might as well go all out. Lastly if you're broken you probably shouldn't make this your last meal before you get paid again. But yea the prices are a little high but you're paying for the experience and decent quality food. And the food portions aren't that small! Last time we went aka March 10 2014 we were offered more veggies bread apples and dessert dipping items. 
Lastly if you want to try it and eat more go when they have the $39.99 steak and chicken dinner 4 courses and like unlimited meats during the 3rd course.
Good service and tastie food, but on the pricey side. Fun place to dine out with someone special or with a group. For sure try the house specials, yummy. Just be prepared for the bill. Two people easily cost 100 bucks. Pricing makes no sense.
I love this place! I have been here many times and each time I explore the menu a little bit more. Here is my ideal 4 course meal: (1) the classic alpine cheese; (2) the California salad, but add strawberries; (3) the land and sea entree with the Mojo fondue; and (4) the flaming turtle chocolate fondue dessert.

I originally used to order the Cheddar fondue. However, it is kind of bland. I like cheese so the stronger taste of the Classic Alpine was perfect for me! 

If you're on a date, ask to sit in Lover's Lane. It is a private row of booths that are secluded from the rest of the restaurant.

I absolutely love this place. The only reason I don't eat here ALL the time is because I would gain weight. 5+ stars!!
The Melting Pot is my idea of comfort food. My husband and I have been to other fondue restaurants and this place definitely gets it right. We have been to 3 of their chains (Las Vegas, Pasadena and Thousand Oaks). 

They offer 4 courses and I don't think I've selected a bad one yet. The best thing on the menu is their cheese fondues. They offer an interesting variety of dippers like green apples and broccoli. For the main dish, they have great sauces but my favorites are the green goddess and the curry. Yum, I get hungry just thinking about it.
Just had a question. Wanted to know what time their happy hour starts and ends. After going online the their mobile website I confirmed they have happy hour everyday. What time it tsarts and ends is not listed. Tried to call the restaurant and got a recorded answering advertisement that went on way too long. 

Hung up the phone without talking to anyone. Screw you. I will take my business elsewhere.
Wow I went here recently for my birthday with some friends and they have really stepped up their game. We started with the seasonal cheese which contains goat cheese and it was amazing then we had the salad the pear and Gorgonzola salad was amazing. Then we had a French cooking method and the food was fantastic finally for dessert we had again the seasonal chocolate which had orange liquor it was amazing we coupled the whole thing with a bottle of wine and we were pretty tipsy when we left.  This is still a really fun thing to do and I highly recommend it.
Me: For the price and what you get, there's a reason we forget about this place. First, I couldn't get a reservation when I called. They were full in found an opening online. Snagged it on the way there since we were en route to try our luck at a table anyway. When we got there, they had our reservation and seated us immediately. The place was virtually empty! It was about 6 pm on a weeknight. The ambience is nice and the idea is great but the execution, or rather MY execution of basically boiling or soaking my food in hot broth or not-hot-enough oil, left every bite either washed of flavor or over/undercooked and also left me wanting to go out afterward for a proper dinner. The cheese and dessert fondues are the only saving grace for our 2-star review. Would definitely come back for just dessert fondue, but not again for dinner. 

Him: Apples and cheddar get half a star but even the cheese had a spicy, bitter alcohol flavor. It's also not too saucy--too much flavor and too cheesy. The apples make it so it's not too intense. The dessert fondue is amazing. I would give it 3 stars here for that. For dinner, I remember I tried everything but I don't remember any of it. I don't remember except it was bad. I guess it was so bad I don't remember it.
Worst service I've ever had. Went here for our 7 year anniversary and asked for a booth since almost every table was empty and they told us that they had booked all of the tables for reservations. Which would have been fine but we got there at 7 and left at about 9:30 and all of the tables were still open. No new guests! After complaining to the manager (who was being rude) he came back 20 later saying someone had "canceled" (how convenient) and moved us to a booth. 

I don't even understand the point in treating us like crap. We end up spending more money because we have two steam pots. I likely won't be returning.
I was treated to dinner at the melting pot for my birthday. We made our reservation and then the day of needed to change the time. The hostess was very polite and accommodating. 

We had a great time at dinner. The menu leaves you with lots of options that you can customize. The dipping sauces for your meats are flavorful. 

Dessert was fantastic and my favorite was the Oreo crusted marsh mellows. 

The atmosphere is very intimate and perfect for dates. 

It may appear to be over priced but our take is that the experience with the right person really overshadows the cost. We found it to be affordable so no complaints from us.
Really enjoyed the fresh chocolate covered strawberries they prepared as a birthday gift!
This is our favorite special occasion restaurant, especially for Valentine's Day. Just be warned that there is a set menu and prices are higher on V day. The food is beyond delicious.. the dessert is to die for. It's very romantic and relaxing. We look forward to going any time we can.
Yum. I love fondue. There are so many choices here. You can't go wrong. Keep in mind this good is rich!
I love this place. It seems little known and I'm reluctant to share it because I don't want it to get too busy for me to eat...but I guess I can't be selfish.

I recommend the beef and chicken. They also give you a plate of veggies, tofu and noodles. There are three sauces to use to dip in: Peanut, Citric (I'm guessing) and (my favorite) the spicy. They have a variety of sake. 

I definitely suggest giving it a try. It's become my new favorite restaurant. I learned to use chopsticks just to eat here!
Shabu shabu is my new favorite food.  This place is fairly close to my work, so I decided to invite a few folks to introduce them to Japanese fondue.  It is located off of Valle Verde at the intersection of Horizon Ridge and it's in a new strip mall.  Since most of the stores are not occupied, there's plenty of parking and it's not very crowded.

We entered the restaurant and we were the only people there.  In fact, we were the only people there during the entire hour and a half lunch.    We ordered the lunch special which comes with salad, drink, veggies and shabu shabu beef, and it was so affordable.   We were amazed!  Not sure if they will continue to do this, but they offered us a free additional order of veggies, which really hit the spot.  

The service was great and I highly recommend this place.  I really hope everyone takes this recommendation and support this restaurant.  I would hate to see this place fail!  I will be back next week for sure!
This place just needs more customers - they do things right, the restaurant is clean, the food tasty, the prices reasonable.  I went with friends for the first time a year ago -- and honestly forgot about it.  They returned a few months later, and the owner remembered them, and also asked them how I was doing...pretty incredible. 

There aren't that many shabu-shabu places in the valley -- sometimes I think their marketing tagline "Japense fondue" confuses folks -- most folks think cheese -- not broth when they think of fondue, and unless you're a foodie, you've probably not been exposed to it.  

It couldn't be healthier -- for folks who don't know what shabu shabu is.  It's simply broth-based fondue -- you choose your protein (shrimp, scallops, beef, chicken, tofu or any combination), and fire up your hot pot.  Then, they bring you an abundance of salads and sauces, a perfectly acceptable miso soup, and you "cook"...  It's fun, interactive -- they have wine, beer and a decent sake list (yes, they have unfiltered...) so it makes for a completely lovely evening.
I am always in search of good shabu shabu / fondue / hot pot places, and Shabu Shabu Paradise in Henderson delivers!

Their menu is only shabu shabu, which can be a good thing and bad.  If your dining companions aren't into cooking their meal themselves, then this place won't work for them.  However, they can always stuff themselves on the appetizers like cod fish, salads, and beef misoyaki

All entrees come with a green salad, rice, selected veggies, tofu, noodles, and three dipping sauces.

The Big F went for the King #18 ( 1/2 Beef,  1/2 Shrimp, and  1/2 Scallop) for $25 and I went for the Jack #1 (Original Beef) for $18.

As the water, lightly seasoned with seaweed, heats up, a small green salad with yummy dressing starts you off.  Feel free to ask for more because they are more than happy to give it to you!

Then your table gets set up with your rice, various raw veggies and food, and your three dipping sauce.  The first being a peanut sauce, then a ponzu one, and then a spicy ponzu-like one.

The pot is split so you don't have to worry about your dining companion stealing your food! When the water starts to boil, start adding the food.  I don't recommend adding all the food at once, but rather a little bit at a time.  I like to swish my beef around just to cook it a tad before dipping it into the various sauces.

The beef and shrimp were great choices, but the scallops got rubbery too quickly.  (Reading Steve X.'s review, I wish were given soy sauce and wasabi so we could have eaten the scallops raw as well.  Bummer!  At least we know for next time!)

What makes Shabu Shabu Paradise a step up above Swish is that they also give you additional veggies without charging for it!  It seems a bit ridiculous to be charged for what is considered inexpensive veggies when you're cooking it yourself!  

And to close it off, complimentary ice cream with fruit cocktail is offered!

Service is great - the waitresses are really sweet and friendly about bringing you additional things as requested or when they see you need it.  It can get a bit hectic when the restaurant fills up as it started to on the Saturday evening we went.

They have about three tables for four and one long table that seats about 10-12.  You'll definitely see us back here again when we're in the area! 

(Pics are posted!)
Thanks to fellow Yelpers and Teri C., who's review i saw this afternoon while searching recent posts my husband and I ventured here for dinner this evening...

One thing i didnt see when looking at all the reviews was the hours!! They are closed between 3 and 5pm and we got there about 4:30. I was really excited to try this place so we decided to run a quick errand and come right back.. we did, and boy am i glad!!

This place is AWESOME!!! I was a little worried when i saw the menu that it wouldnt be very flavorful. Boy was I WRONG!! The 3 dipping sauces they give you are delicious!!! And i mean delicious!!!!!! The peanut one was very sweet and desert like to me, but still very good! I liked the ponzu and spicy sauces. I added a bit more spicy that they provide cause i really like it hot! 

We both got the Queen #8 (shrimp and 1/2 scallop) with a side of crab sticks! The veggies were great as well as the tofu and noodles... we got extra veggies and tofu and the cute little waitress was more than happy to bring it! The salad was good they gave you to start with, small but very good, she asked if we wanted another one.. again, the service was wonderful!!!

After all was said and done, we were very full, they said they offered a complementary ice cream and fruit dessert, which i remember reading in the reviews... the husband was very happy about that and got one, the waitress asked  if i wanted one as well, to which i said no thank you, and my husband interrupted promptly and said yes she does!! :) he enjoyed both desserts and we were full and happy!!!!!

I highly recommend this place, its healthy and delicious!! Another couple came in to eat while we were there and they seemed to really enjoy there meal as well. There are only 3 small tables and one large one in the place so we were close enough for me to hear that they indeed did enjoy it!

We will for sure be back again soon!! ohh yeah, $51.18 was our total w/no drink (well water and iced tea for the hubby)... not too shabby...
Went there last Sunday, around 8pm.  I wasn't surprised that the restaurant was empty as I read the reviews from fellow yelpers 30 mins b4 I arrived.  The price is reasonable.  For $18, you get the beef and all-you-can-eat veggies.  CRAZY!!!   Instead of serving Udon like most Shabu Shabu places, this restaurant gives us Shirataki tofu noodle.  It was a big surprise, either nobody knew or they didn't bother to mention.  Based on my little experience as a daily outside eater, I know only Curry House serves tofu noodle (the flat one).  Here, you get the tofu noodle for free and it's also all-you-can-eat.  As other yelpers mentioned, the meal comes with salad (Severs asked if we wanted to get more salad) and ice cream as well.    I have to mention the following - They even come by and scoop the cooked blood that sits on top of the water.  And they changed the scooping spoon and the water 3 or 4 times within a 2 hrs time frame.  This place surely earns the 5 stars in service.   

ps -  If I live in Henderson, it will definitely become my bi-weekly dinner spot.
The best Shabu Shabu in town for a unbeatable price tag!!!

Imagine this: for $18, you get a decent size thin sliced beef, all-you-can-eat Salad, Chinese cabbage, carrot slice, tofu, green bean, TOFU NOODLE, and rice. Unlimited dipping sauce - Sesame, Ponzu, and Spicy. PLUS, extremely FRIENDLY hospitality ------ this is indeed a Shabu Shabu Paradise.

Mind you, even for this price, all you have is quality food ingredients - everything fresh and crispy. Given that it is of course no where near those Wagyu beef you can have in Japan (omg..delicious)....for this price it is way above par. 

As a regular daily dine-out eater and experience with a lot of cuisine around the world, I start to notice thing other that fancy decor, hype reputation, and fancy presentation. From some tiny surprises and dedication (usually found in Japanese restaurant), it is where a true 'heart' of that restaurant can be revealed. As some previous fellow yelper has noted, the 'noodle' they offer is no mediocre UDON, it is TOFU NOODLE. that tiny change make way better texture in Shabu Shabu and that show the dedication to treat their guests with good eats.

Also, worth mentioning is their miso beef & fish. pretty tasty though the price ($7 I beleive) is a bit high.

Oh...did I forgot to mention their ice-cream with fruit syrup treat for FREE?
The best $18 I ever spent...LOL.

Thumb UP UP UP!!!!
Believe it or not, I actually came here from the strip.  It was a farther drive than I thought.  The restaurant was not easily spotted.  On a Friday night, the parking lot was really dark because the surrounding businesses were all closed.  I thought 'This place must be good to survive a location like this!'.  

It's not a big restaurant and there is only 1 waitress.  She takes the order, serves the food, and also cleans up.  Poor thing was running around like a busy bee.  When we got there, there was 3 tables finishing up with 1 table waiting for their food.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for her to serve the food and then clean up a table for us.  It really was not busy, but with just 1 server doing everything, service can be slow.  

Once we sat down, it didn't take long for us to decide what to order.  I ordered the Jack Beef ($18) and my fiance order the Queens Combo (1/2 Beef 1/2 Chicken).  My fiance said the chicken got tough really fast because it was so thin, even though he dipped it in the boiling water for 2 seconds and removed it.  The beef was really good but like the chicken, they were cut way thinner than the ones served in LA/OC.  (I'd give this place 5 stars if the meat was 'meatier'!)  I was really worried I had to order extra.  Luckily the veggie plate and rice  had unlimited refills.  With an extra plate of veggies, I actually got really full.  You get 3 sauces; 1 regular ponzu, 1 sesame, and 1 spicy ponzu.  I really liked the spicy ponzu sauce.  The sesame sauce was sweeter than those I've had but it was good, too.  

I can't  praise enough the server.  She was so sweet and attentive.  At the end, she gave me 2 coupon cards of $10 off.  She left the expiration date blank (normally 20 days from the dinning date)  because when she chatted with me, I told her we're from OC (she used to live in Costa Mesa).  

If you don't mind driving a few miles from the strip and especially if you actually live in Henderson, give this place a try.  I think you'd like it.
First off, this place is located in a place that really doesn't much business to gather from.  My girlfriend and I were the only two eating in there the whole time.  So the place was quiet.  The decor was nice and zen while keeping everything looking clean.  It's small, but the spacing was quite comfortable between each table.  

The service was great.  It may have been because we were the only two inside the restaurant.  The waitress was very friendly.  She would even go as far to teach my girlfriend how to eat either Shabu Shabu or Sukiyaki.  You can order either or both and they'll fill a small pale with both water or sukiyaki brother.  They have different dipping sauces to taste from.  However, the dipping sauces didn't appeal to me too much which is why I say I'd like the sukiyaki better at this place.  

My girlfriend ordered the beef and chicken dish while I ordered the shrimp and scallop dish.  The beef and chicken dish seemed a bit thin as in not much portions, but they were very good quality of meat and chicken.  The shrimps and scallops were fantastic.  They used sushi grade quality scallops, and I have to say that they were just delicious.  They also give you as many vegetables as you want which include snow peas, lettuce, carrots, tofu, green onions, and bamboo shoots.  The vegetables were also fresh in appearance.  The price was also very good especially since I had a coupon hehe.  

Well after experiencing dining here, I'd say that I'm glad there's a shabu shabu place nearby in Henderson.  I hope this place gets some more business though in their location.
I had planned on coming here to meet up with 2 friends from work the day after X'mas, but it didn't pan out.  On our way back to OC on 12/27/08, I told my fiance and my mom that we HAD to stop by here for dinner.  

It took a few minutes but our hostess/server eventually recognized us and she thanked us for coming back. My fiance and I had the Jack Beef and my mom had the Shrimp.  The shrimps were BIG and FRESH and a lot of them.  Wish we had order 1/2 beef and 1/2 shrimp instead.  In any case, they were really good!

 I am upgrading the rating to 5 stars because I really like it 'that' much!  Oh and she gave me 3 more $10 off coupon cards!  I guess I have to keep coming back again and again.  ;-)
I'm upping my stars to "five" because Shabu Shabu Paradise is just a great spot to eat at!

They have since added "sukiyaki"-style as an alternative option to the seaweed broth for shabu shabu.  It's not the kind of sukiyaki where the plate is sizzling and the sauce is thick, rather it's the flavoring of the broth is now different.

The Husband ordered the Queen Half Pork and Half Beef Dinner, (You can easily substitute the meats for each other, chicken for pork or beef, etc.)  while I had the Jack Scallop Dinner.  When my plate arrived, we were both very surprised with how much scallop came out.  Laid out ever so nicely, the quality grade is definitely sashimi-style.  (After reading about Steve X.'s experience, I was certain to ask for some wasabi and soy sauce so I could it raw.)

As Calvin L. mentioned, the noodles given to you are tofu noodles and they are SO good!  We definitely requested more of that because it's  yummy and definitely not something you see often.

Service is always exceptional.  Sometimes it can get a bit busy and you have to wait awhile longer, but the staff are so nice and friendly.  The wait can easily be overlooked.

Overall, Shabu Shabu Paradise is a bit pricier when you first look at the menu.  But in the end, when you get unlimited salad, rice, veggies, tofu noodles, and free ice cream dessert (vanilla with green tea powder this time), it's well worth it!

We're more than happy to eat there when we're in the area!

* Check out their website because they have Monday night specials and daily specials too!
This is my favorite restaurant in the Las Vegas are.  I have been coming here at least once a month for nearly two years. 

The course starts with a small salad with a delicious peanut based dressing. Next comes the vegetable plate which includes carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu and tofu noodles.  

Next comes the entree.  I almost always order the Jack Beef Shabu Shabu but they offer Sukiyaki and have shrimp, chicken and pork as well.  The Shabu Shabu comes with rice and three dipping sauces (spicy, sesame peanut and ponzu)  The night ends with a perfect scoop of ice cream.

I have tried other Shabu Shabu restaurants in town and have not found any others that compare in taste and service as Shabu Shabu Paradise. I will continue to come here and introduce others to it!
great service, great food, best of all AUTHENTIC.
unlimited 'okawari' of salad, rice, drink (soda), and vegetables.
make sure to get raw egg with your sukiyaki.  they'll also give you coupons after dining.  GO HERE.
It's a bit away from the Strip but if you are up for a good deal then this is the place to go. You get unlimited salad and vegetables. We even got some complimentary ice cream at the end. They use a different kind of noodle. It's white, flat and chewy and not the typical Udon.
The place is nice and clean. Service was very attentive and nice.
I have come many times and the food and service is always outstanding!  I love the lunch specials, but dinner is also a great deal.  I treated my dad who came from out of town and I love when I get to order for people!  We had the jack scallops and jack beef.  There is a Monday special - order a beverage with entree and get a % off depending on if it is alcoholic or not.  They always give coupons.  Drinks are free with lunch (even beer!)  I love the matcha green iced tea!

The scallops are high quality so they can be eaten raw or cooked.  Unlimited veggies include napa cabbages, tofu noodle (shirataki - you can buy these at whole foods if you want to make them at home - just boil and dip!), tofu, carrots, bamboo shoots, snow peas, green onions!  Then you get a small thing of shredded daikon and chopped scallions (my fave) to add to sauces or just eat, plus unlimited salad and steamed rice and the dipping sauces.  I LOVE the spicy sauce - the waitress showed me how it is made so I can make it at home.  I drank it all!  Also love the sesame peanut and ponzu of course.
The service is attentive and the waitress skims the fat off the top of the water and refills drinks constantly.  Ice cream is ALWAYS on the house - get it with matcha powder!!!  A great deal, very healthy, cooking food in spring water and no oil!!!  My dad is diabetic so it was great and very filling.  I will definitely be back...we need to keep this place open!  Very nice decor too - my dad noticed.
Awesome food, and a lot of fun for dates and groups. It's a relaxing way to eat slowly and socialize while cooking.

The meat and seafood are extremely fresh, and the unlimited vegetables and rice are a plus.  They restaurant has several discount opportunities.

I always feel healthy after eating at Shabu-Shabu Paradise.

When the Review-Journal posted a review, the place was always packed, but customers have dropped off recently. I hope it picks up soon.
Yes, I finally got a chance to experience paradise, Shabu Shabu Paradise that is. This place is quite small but very clean. Just a note: we noticed the smell of wet dogs inside the restaurant but I think it is because of the pet grooming place next door. Edemame and green mussels sauteed in garlic and sake started us off. We had the beef, shrimp and scallops. We decided to try the sukiyaki and regular Shabu Shabu style broth. You get three dipping sauces veggies, tofu noodles, rice and a salad with your entree. For some reason, I really liked the thinly sliced beef better than the seafood. Next time I shall try the Kobe beef. We must have asked for extra rice and vegetables more than a couple of times and the server was happy to accommodate us each and every time. Service was awesome. After our meal we were given some coupons for 20% off lunch specials and 25% of dinner meals. If the food and service does not lure you back. I am sure these great deals will. Shabu Shabu paradise found...not lost!
Came in from PHX to give Shabu Shabu Paradise a try based on the recommendation of a local friend. 

In a word....fantastic. The food was delish and the service was wonderful. It takes some time to get your food after you order because everything is cut fresh that day so be prepared to wait a bit. However, it is SO worth the wait! We had both Shabu-Shabu and sukiyaki and omg...yum.  The dipping sauces were good accompaniments and overall I can't say enough great things about this place!

The service was attentive, kind, and very helpful as for some of us, it was our first time. 

Can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas! :)
my boyfriend and I went to this restaurant twice. It is our favorite Shabu Shabu restaurant in Vegas. The service is great, you can share entrees for $6 split plate charge and you get unlimited salad and veggies. I wasn't a big fan of both of the ponzu sauces or the peanut sauce, so I always order the miso dressing they put on the salad and ask for an extra side garlic. This place is fun and delicious. A great place to take someone on a date too or friends. :)
One of my favorite places in Henderson! My husband and I have been here quite a few times and have never been dissappointed. The dining room is small so I wouldn't recommend going with a large group without a reservation. They also offer great discounts on Monday's!
My padawans, this place gets the five star Jedi Master class rating NOT all because of its food, which is fantastic, but for the service. The little Japanese waitress was so nice and cute, attending to our every needs. She also got extra brownie points for assuming my wife and I were japanese, and complimenting our LV bags. She put the S in service..we gave her a great tip. Food is great, pretty much as described by all the other yelpers. The proteins are good and clean, and the endless salad, rice, and veggies will satisfy any appteite, even Roseanne Barr or Rosie O Donnell combined as a fat Decepticon.
First time I came here, was from what I read about it on yelp--the food quality was great and loved the quiet ambiance. Since then, I've come here pretty much every month, sometimes alone or with family. I've introduced my family & friends to this place, and they all love it as well. You get endless veggies and a complimentary dessert and the service lady is really nice.  The pricing is very reasonable. The food is healthy.  I've tried numerous other places (in Las Vegas, Dallas, LA, Houston, Atlanta, Honolulu) and this place rocks!  The regular order of beef is AWESOME (fresh and not semi-frozen). Once you've tried this place, you won't want to try anywhere else that serves shabu-shabu/sukiyaki.
OK, I don't hae a ton of shabu experience, but I dragged some friends out to Shabu Shabu Paradise last week, and I'm glad that I did. SSP was pretty fucking awesome. 

We got in at 6pm on a Friday and the place was empty except for one other group. Still, the waitress/hostess seemed like it was gonna take a little effort to fit us in once she found out we didn't have a reservation. Anyway, so we sat down, and the waitress explained the shabu for the benefit of my compatriots. yadda yadda, we ordered, we ate. When we were done, we passed on the included ice cream because we had our passports ready for a trip to Yogurtland. So the waitress lady gave us a pile of coupons. It was a nice touch.

The food was good, the service was very friendly, the prices weren't bad, and the place was pretty nice. What else do you need?

PRO-TIP: It's a pretty small restaurant. People were turned away while we were eating. Might be worth calling ahead.
Extremely freshly prepped meats, poultry, and seafood at SSP...and they have enough room at their tables so you're not forced into "being social" or rubbing elbows with other parties.  The usual choices of beef, chicken, and shrimp are available, but the gem here is the black pork.  I only wish SSP had the same mushroom plate (with many types of scrumptous mushrooms) that is offered at Swish (now temporarily closed).  I also miss all the onions that Swish gives you.

Still, when considering the more relaxed atmosphere of Shabu Shabu Paradise, I'd have to put this place #1 in Las Vegas for shabu shabu and sukiyaki by a narrow margin over Swish.  The seating, cooking pots and equipment, utensils, and general setup seemed much more meticulously put together at SSP...whereas Swish was clearly set up to handle high volumes and a somewhat more raucous clientele.

The only disappointment - some substitute flavored green powder poured over vanilla ice cream masquerading as green tea ice cream...  What the heck is up with that???
Good food, and a great social event. It's a little taste of Japan in Henderson. And make sure to order the Japanese style pickles.
I have to admit, this is my first shabu shabu meal, but it was REALLY good! The beef is well marbled, the veggies fresh with ample refills & the scallops were FABULOUS! I have yet to find a sushi place that  sells scallops of such high quality for such a good price. I got a combo plate & had at least 10+ good sashimi-sized slices of tender, sweet scallop. Though you can cook it, I had mine with soy sauce & wasabi as recommended [both here and by the waitress]. It's totally the way to go, guys, so don't waste precious time cooking these bad boys & just eat them straight. I didn't sample any of the sake, and the only beer they have on hand is Sapporo. I drank multiple cups of genmai tea, which is brown rice & green tea- it was tasty, as well, having a toastier, nuttier flavor than regular green tea. The meal includes; a plate full of your meat of choice [also a vegetarian option available], salad (free refills), a plate of veggies with; cabbage, green onion, carrot, tofu & tofu noodles [free refills also]. We had icecream at the end, mine topped with green tea powder- others that had it agreed that it should have been more of a syrup. I liked it, but I like most anything involving green tea, so I'm biased. It's a bit out of the way, but it's worth making the trip. They also serve kobe and wagyu beef, and several appetizers, all of which I would like to try. Check it out, and get the scallops!
If I wasn't a regular at Swish, this place probably would be getting 4 stars. This place was good, but Swish is infinitely BETTER! Unfortunately, I live near SSParadise, so I will probably end up eating here more regularly than Swish. Here's my reasoning:

*Kobe beef prices. I can get a Kobe beef dinner for $16.95 at Swish. It's $40 at SSP. Let me tell you now, the Kobe at Swish is way better, too. Great marbling, better texture, tastier, etc. 
*Mushrooms! I don't eat veggies. I only eat mushrooms. These are freaking $3 extra at SSP, but I get free mushrooms at Swish!
*Udon noodles. The tofu noodles at SSP are border line disgusting. The husband and I had to pay $2 more each to get Udon noodles. Screw you SSP and your nasty noodles. Sorry not everyone is crazy enough to like tofu or those chewy things they call noodles. We shouldn't have to pay a surcharge to get normal noodles.
*Sukiyaki. The sukiyaki here is simply shabu shabu with a slightly flavored broth. The Swish sukiyaki is "real" in a sizzling plate and ROCKS! 

------------------

I do have to give them a leg up on the "regular" beef and their pork. Both were fantastic. Great meat quality! I'll stick to this instead of kobe from now on and do Swish when I want my kobe fix! Our meal here was quite pricey with all the bullsh*t add-ons (udon, mushrooms, split charge, etc), but like I said, I live in the neighborhood so I'll be back! I do love me some Shabu Shabu, I just wish they wouldn't screw you on the noodles and the mushrooms!
This was my first experience with Japanese hot-pot cooking, however, I was not disappointed. The waitress explained to us everything in detail and even demonstrated for us. She was extremely attentive even though she was the only server around, and the place actually got packed while we were there. Seems a little pricey, but once you see all of the food that you get (unlimited salad and rice, free dessert), you will see it is actually a pretty great deal. Highly recommended!
We just love  this restaurant, even though there is another shabu-shabu restaurant closer to us.  The Wife usually orders the "shabu-shabu style"  seaweed based broth, while I always order the "sukiyaki style" soy sauce based broth.  Both are mild in flavor.  The broth is placed in a stainless steel bowl on top of an induction cooker in front of you.  They have also creatively crafted a bowl shaped in a yin and yang, so that two people can enjoy both broths at the same time.  What a great idea!
You select the type of meat, poultry or seafood you desire.  I get either beef, pork or a mixture of both.  The Wife usually orders the raw sea scallops.  We found out that the scallops are sushi grade and not the tiny ones.  Forget cooking them in the broth, we just eat these neatly sliced and scrumptious raw scallops after dipping them straight into a mixture of soy sauce and wasabi.  
Another great thing about this place, is that the vegetables are unlimited.  Also, the salad is so tasty.  It's has this awesome dressing that is mayo-based, tangy, and has a slight sweet finish.  I usually end up ordering at least 2-3 salads because of that damn dressing.  
The main reason why I love this place is all about those tofu noodles.  This was where I had this type of noodle for the first time.  I always go insane and ask for heaps of it.  It's unlimited!!!  It's all about the texture of these noodles.  This noodle is perfect for shabu-shabu because no matter how long you leave it in the boiling hot broth, the noodle it's texture.  It does not get mushy.  It's so hard to describe its texture because it's slippery and soft but has a slight crunch to it.  It's like eating jellyfish in a jellyfish salad.  It's out of this world for my mouth!!!!  (i mean the noodles....hmmm maybe also the jellyfish salad, but i love both)  
Because of the mild flavor of the broths, after cooking each piece meat, vegetable, and tofu noodles, you are able to flavorize them by dipping them in either a peanut based, a ponzu, or a spicy ponzu sauce.  I love the spicy ponzu sauce because it has a good amount of heat and is just so tangy.  
I highly recommend this place.  The service has always been excellent and the flavors and quality of food has been so consistent for the number of times we have gone there.  I can't wait to go back there again!!!
Great service by a very attentive young lady who provided unlimited salad, veggies to cook and soda. We love the beef & scallops with a side of mushrooms. The only down side, parents who bring & do not control their children. Chop sticks are not drum sticks! It ruins a great date. Parents, for heavens sake, leave your unruly brats at home. They are not cute!
This restaurant has been on my radar since I read Misti's review, but it is rather far for me to visit just for some shabu shabu or sukiyai. However, since I was already in this neck of the woods for a doctor's appointment, I decided to drive a few miles down the street to pay Shabu Shabu Paradise a visit and decide for myself.

We I arrived, the restaurant has a table of 3 customers who were nearly done with their lunch.  So it was not busy at all for a Wednesday lunch.

I decided to splurge for the Kobe lineage Wagyu beef lunch special (L9) which is $32, and the most expensive lunch option on the menu.  Shortly after ordering the friendly waitress brought out my salad dressed with miso dressing. It was good and I was offered another refill of the salad while the lunch items were being brought out.  I also went with the option of 1/2 shabu shabu (water with a piece of kelp) and 1/2 sukiyaki in one pot.  I think it is a good idea to do it this way, if you can't decide which you would prefer or if you just to enjoy both in one sitting.  Overall, I think he Kobe beef is good, but the portion is small, unlike those of the regular beef or chicken, based on the photos others have uploaded to Yelp. But I was still able to leave the restaurant very satisfied after wolfing down 4 plates of veggies, 2 bowls of rice, and 2 salads, plus several refills of Coke.  I didn't get any ice cream though, not sure if they discontinued that or it is not part of the lunch special.

Regarding service, it was excellent.  The waitress checked up on me and the settings on the induction stove fairly often, and refills my Coke even when it is only half full. I didn't have to ask for a beverage refill once!

Anyway, it is a nice little restaurant with a very attentive staff, which I will look forward to visiting the next time I am in Henderson.

I will give it a 4 stars - for excellent service, good tasting food, and ambiance of the restaurant.
Sometimes trying to eat healthy without resorting to itty bitty portions or bland food can be a chore. Shabu Shabu Paradise is our go-to spot when we are really hungry, but still want to maintain some level of healthiness. 

The restaurant itself is fairly small, seats around 25 to 30 people. I've never had to wait for a table though. Decor is simple but nice. For those unfamiliar with how shabu works, your food is all served raw and you cook it yourself in a large bowl of broth. 

When ordering at Shabu Shabu Paradise you really don't have to decide on too much. First you need to decide on your meat (beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, scallops or you can go the vegetarian route) and portion size. And then you select shabu, sukiyaki or both for your cooking style. There are appetizers you can order as well, I like the crab sunomono salad.  

Meals come with a simple salad that has a very tasty dressing. In addition to your meat you get a bowl of rice and a selection of veggies, some tofu and noodles. Here is where it gets awesome: You can have unlimited refills on everything except the meat. Want 4 salads? No problem. Want more veggies? They will give you some. And there is even ice cream included for desert...  

The thing that makes Shabu Shabu Paradise stand out for me is the service. It is a small place, every time we have gone in the same waitress has been working by herself. No matter how busy they may get, she is always sweet and attentive. She knows that I never eat my tofu and always want more carrots, and she brings out my plate of veggies just the way I like it. I love that personal touch. 

If you are thinking about checking this place out, and I highly recommend you do, try to make it on a Monday night. That is when they have the best specials:
15% Off  Any Entrée (which drink purchase)        
20% OFF  All Kobe Dinner (which drink purchase)
30% OFF  All Sake, Wine & Beer
Everybody that is planning on visiting us in Vegas, just know that we WILL be dining at this restaurant. Easily one of the BEST dining experiences I've had since moving to the area 4 years ago.
I ate here for lunch with a friend for the first time a few weeks ago. 
I ordered the rib-eye sukiyaki style, and she the beef & chicken sukiyaki. The vegetable tray had a variety of veggies and noodles, and meat appeared fresh and perfect. 

I would have rated 4 stars, but I was a little disappointed with the depth of the hot pot. I was expecting a more shallow pot (like they provide at my regular shabu-shabu place) so as to better control the temperature and see the veggies and meat as they cook vs. constantly swirling and "digging" them up from the bottom.  

Overall, the food was delicious and the price point was very affordable for lunch - $15 per person and includes unlimited veggie plate refills.  I will definitely return.
This is such a special place.  So Eric R. and I ate here right before he proposed to me at the M back in June.  He brought a close friend visiting him here and told our favorite waitress/owner that we got engaged.  When we returned last night, she congratulated me immediately!  She was so happy for us.  The experience was great as usual - she knew before I did that I wanted double spicy sauce and that Eric didn't want any.  We added the mushrooms and they were great!  Shiitakes taste amazing in the sukiyaki broth!

They added oysters on special for shabu shabu or on the half shell.  Eric isn't into them so I will have to try them next time.  To top off the great meal, we got 10% off in celebration of our engagement.  I am so glad I moved 3 miles closer to Shabu Shabu Paradise!  It is now a viable option for a healthy meal nearby!!!
My g/f and I come here about once a month and we are never disappointed.  The food is excellent.  I usually get the sukiyaki and she gets the shabu shabu.  If you get the sukiyaki, I have some recommendations.  First, order the raw egg with the meal.  Crack the egg into the small bowl they give you with the egg, then beat to mix the egg yoke and white together.  When you pull a piece of cooked food out of the hot pot, dip it in the egg then eat.  When I dip a piece of the cooked meat in the egg, then put it in my mouth, it melts...  So good and there's nothing else like it.  I would also recommend that you order a side of mushrooms and udon noodles to add to your hot pot.  

Check the web site for specials.
This place was wonderful! The food was amazing and the service was excellent. It was very quaint and was a great place to take your special someone out too. They even gave us coupons to come back!

I had a seafood platter of scallops and shrimp. The scallops were amazing in both broths. Me and my boyfriend had the split broth in the yin and yang hot pot. It was amazing.

You do get unlimited salad and veggies as well which was awesome. The noodles are so good too.

I adore this place...the service, the food, the atmosphere.  Shabu-Shabu, I do-I do :)
Love, this place.
My first shabu experience!

Thank you Misti and Bobby for taking me to Shabu Shabu Paradise on Sunday night when I arrived to Vegas...

From the salad to the seconds and thirds of veggies, I really enjoyed the meal.  I went with Jack (Single Portion) #2 - Large Shrimp Shabu-Shabu ($20).  It was a lot of food, and so much fun to cook up myself.  I enjoyed the dipping sauces too.  The nice thing about this cuisine is that despite eating a lot, I didn't feel overly full.  The food is pretty light, which I love!

I will have to return, however, as I just read on Wikipedia that "Once the meat and vegetables have been eaten, leftover broth from the pot is customarily combined with the remaining rice, and the resulting soup is usually eaten last." ---- I didn't know this!  I left all of the leftover broth instead of eating it like soup!

We skipped dessert and opted instead to treat ourselves to foot massages.  What a fabulous night!
What is there to say that the other reviews haven't? I love coming here. My boyfriend and I try to get here once a month if possible. Truthfully, I could eat here every other day if it wasn't so far from where I live. The portions are satisfying and that the AYCE salad and sides is just wonderful. The free ice cream dessert is just enough to compliment the end of the meal.
 
I am not a vegetable eater, but I love them when I come here. I like taking the napa cabbage and dipping it into the spicy ponzu sauce. I regret the burn each time but it is so good I end up doing it again. They have a wonderful sesame peanut sauce that I could just slather all over everything. I think it compliments the beef and the tofu best, or at least that is how I like it. The edamame was good and had just the right amount of salt. I like getting the queen portion 1/2 beef and 1/2 scallop. I love the scallops. The are slightly sweet and very tender. I usually have shabu shabu, my bf likes sukiyaki.

The great thing about eating here, is that the pace at which you eat ensures you don't get stuffed to uncomfortableness. The leisurely way of cooking and eating makes for an excellent conversation setting. The staff (so far I have only seen two servers, the second one was only present on a holiday) is courteous, friendly and attentive. I believe the value you get for your dollar is well worth it. It also helps that they give you coupons every time you visit!
SWISH SWISH!!

So close to me, and this is the first trying it, I am upset with myself. So, my review probably sounds like the rest on here... but... power by numbers!!

The waitress was running the whole place by herself and I never felt left alone. She had no problem suggesting what my friend and I to get, nor had a problem teaching us the way of Shabu-Shabu (we had to ask the obvious of what it meant, yes.. it means swish swish ;]). 

For $28 it was a seemingly unlimited meal (excluding meats): salad, vegetables, noodles, tofu, and broth. Because we split the selection we had a $6 split charge, but that was no biggie to me. You are getting so much food, it only seems fair.

I recommend getting the split pot of Shabu Shabu and Sukiyaki broth. With the Shabu broth you get 3 dipping sauces ponzu, peanut, and a spicy sauce. With the Sukiyaki you get just the broth which has a Teriyaki flavor. Next time, I believe I will again get a split pot because the sauces were yummy and the Sukiyaki broth was good on its own..

I can't wait to come back and gorge myself on broth and veggies:]
... and then get some "on the house" ice cream.
WOWOWOW! Holy crap, but this place is beyond awesome! Finally was able to try this place! I've been to swish and this place is soooooo much more better! All you can eat vegetables, need I say more?! I, like everyone else, love those tofu noodles. They are a little chewy, but no way near as chewy as udon noodles are. I love the fact that you can get shabu shabu broth AND sukiyaki broth! 

First off, the one lady who works there all by herself is just... I'm speechless. She works so hard. And she is so efficient! 

I got the Queen 1/2 beef and 1/2 scallops. Both soooo juicy and tender! I had to take advantage and ended up getting two orders of salad and veggies! Mmmm. Vegetables include napa cabbage, carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu, snow peas, and the tofu noodle. The bamboo shoots & snow peas were really delicious... never would have thought to use those! The real reason behind second order of veggies were for those tofu noodles!

The place is easy to find and very clean. And did I mention that service is friggin' great?! And the food is even better. I will definitely be visiting this little joint much more often now.

OH! And I forgot to mention you get a complimentary vanilla ice cream at the end of the meal! You get a choice of strawberry or chocolate syrup or green tea powder!
I have been eager to try this restaurant after reading so many rave reviews. Unfortunately, it is quite a long drive from my usual haunts. However, I finally got my chance when I found myself in the vicinity of SSP after returning from a hike in Goldstrike Canyon and Hot Springs.

On Sunday evening, it was relatively quiet with only several other customers. The decor is relatively spartan with deep reds and bold blacks punctuating the contemporary feel of this space. I was greeted and seated without delay.

The menu consists of a selection of appetizers and main entrees. You can choose between shabu shabu or sukiyaki styles or even both apparently. Included with your entree are unlimited vegetable platters consisting of tofu, napa cabbage, carrots, green onions, and flat tofu noodles. Meat portion sizes are designated as Jack, Queen, King, or Ace. You may mix and match the various meats which include beef, kurobuta pork, organic chicken, shrimp, scallops, and kobe beef. You also receive a small salad, white rice, both with unlimited refills, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream with mandarin orange and pineapple slices for dessert.

Being quite ravenous after my physically demanding hike, I opted for the King size sukiyaki ($23) with 1/2 beef and 1/2 pork. While I was waiting for my hot pot to boil and meat to be sliced, I had 2 servings of the small salad. It was tasty and served with a sesame-based dressing, but not particularly noteworthy. Finally, the meat arrived, sliced paper-thin. Although I am an unabashed carnivore, I ended up having 3 plates of veggies and that was one of my favorite aspects of the meal. The flavors were terrific and far superior to Swish.

As always, there is some room for improvement. What I would like to see is some mushrooms, i.e. enoki, shiitake, or matsutake, included with the veggies, even if they had to raise prices modestly. As it stands, a single order of mushrooms can be had for $3. I love some spice with my shabu shabu or sukiyaki. Unfortunately, they do not have chili oil available as a condiment, but at least they do have another favorite, shichimi togarashi (Japanese chili powder). Dessert could use some work. I opted for the green tea powder topping, but the other choices were either a chocolate or strawberry sauce. I would strongly prefer real green tea, chocolate, or strawberry ice cream over the scoop of vanilla with the various toppings. While the mandarin orange slices were okay, the anemic and pale pineapple came from a can. However, all of these are nitpicks in the big scheme of things.

The single hostess/waitress is a model of efficiency. My water glass was rarely empty for long. She regularly stopped by to ask if I wanted more vegetables or if there was anything else that I needed. At the end of my meal, my bill was presented and processed swiftly. From what I understand, all customers are given 2 discount coupons to be used on a future visit. The first is for 20% off lunch. The second gives you $10 off your bill with minimum purchase of 2 entrees and 2 beverages. They also have Monday Night Madness specials which include 15% off any entree, 20% off all Kobe dinners, both with required beverage purchase, and 30% off all sake, wine, and beer.

Overall, the nice peaceful ambience, efficient service, and delicious food at reasonable prices makes SSP a real gem. If they can address some minor issues, they are fully capable of a coveted 5 star rating. Here's to wishing that they are successful and eventually expand to Summerlin, preferably sooner rather than later.
The Skinny: great service, reasonable prices, and a great ponzu sauce has me coming back again and again despite the lengthy drive - 30 miles, yo! (4), service: efficient service where a glass is never empty without asking, a waitress always asks whether you want more... (4.5), value: lunch is a better value for your dollar but dinner is also quite reasonable (4).

High marks goes to all the Yelpers who love this place. I've been dying to try out Shabu Shabu Paradise and my hubby indulged me after being away from Vegas for 6 agonizing weeks. Due to my late flight in (which I won't even get into because it was possibly the worst flight of my life - whole different story), my hubby called ahead to ensure that they would take us in. The lady informed him that as long as we got into the restaurant before 9:30 pm, it would be okay. Sweet!

So we squeeked in 15 minutes before closing and were welcomed (genuinely) by the waitress. She never left a beverage unfilled and kept bringing us all the accompaniments we needed without asking for it. She was the most efficient waitress we've had in a long time.

Portion sizes for the meat are Jack ($18; only one choice of protein), Queen ($18 for 2 choices of protein) and King ($23 for two choices of protein) and they serve finely sliced kurobata pork, organic chicken and high quality beef. Seafood (scallop, shrimp) are extra. Veggies plates are unlimited and include: green onion, sliced bamboo, carrot, napa cabbage, tofu (medium soft), and tofu noodles. Mushrooms are an extra $3 as a side or can be ordered as the vegetarian only option ($12) and the choices include shittake, enoki and maitaki varieties. Your meal will also include unlimited salad and a bowl of ice cream for dessert during dinner time.

Shabu shabu here is the thing to order - a simple broth made with seaweed (kombu) served with the freshest vegetables you have and the best quality meat you can find. The ponzu is fantastic - the strong citrus flavouring of yuzu really comes through and tantalizes your tastebuds. So good! The sesame sauce adds a sweet richness to the cooked ingredients. Spicy ponzu has quite a kick - be forewarned!

The sukiyaki is similar to the shabu shabu however the broth is derived from a sweet soy sauce. You eat the sukiyaki without any adornments.

There are a couple reasons though, this restaurant does not get a full 5-stars.

First, the waygu beef is sliced a little too thin for my tastes. When you have something as luxurious as waygu, it is best served in thicker slices for you to enjoy the melt-in-your-mouth-ness. When sliced so thin, it is hard to tell the difference between wagyu and regular beef due to it's tendency to be overcooked. (FYI - cook the meat only to pink if you ordered wagyu - otherwise the cow will haunt your dreams for such an egregious insult). Tip: try the wagyu during lunch time as it's more affordable in combination with the 20% lunch coupon.

Secondly, the sukiyaki broth a little thin for my tastes - I really like a slightly thicker flavoured broth.  

Finally, the dessert was rather poor considering the quality of the other parts of the meal: a scoop of ice cream with either chocolate sauce, green tea powder, or strawberry sauce then topped with canned fruit. To be honest, some small slices of fresh fruit would have been more preferable.

Overall, the experience fulfilled my craving for an Asian soul food winter staple. Coupled with some really great lunch/dinner coupons, it cleared up the sniffles better than chicken soup and is good on the wallet! 4 star review.
Great place -- and great concept if you haven't had it before.  "Japanese fondue" is served up here at a reasonable price.  Mmmmm, need to go back soon.
Not bad,as I have gone to shabu shabu dinners back home in CA ,but never lunch, so I tried their lunch here in Henderson, yummy and the service was on top of everything, extra rice,veggies,drinks if you so liked... Lots of parking out in front. Lunch specials come with free soda or tea and reasonably priced....Yes I will be going back for lunch...
We drive 20 miles out of our way to eat here, and have done so 4 times over the last 4 months. The vegetables and tofu noodles keep us coming back, and the waitstaff is incredibly attentive. We always get 4 or 5 salads (re-orders are included) and our meal ends up taking about 90 minutes from start to finish. They recently raised their price on some of their dinners, but it is still well worth it. 

Their iced Green Tea is the really kelp-green kind, and their tofu noodle is the perfect balance of al dente and 'springy'. I had never had tofu noodle before I'd eaten here, and I am now in love with it. The unlimited vegetables, tofu and tofu noodles make for a really liberating dining experience. The fact that this stuff is unlimited makes the $6 share charge a no-brainer. Party of two? Order one dinner, add the $6 share charge and you are all set. Dinner includes dessert which is usually ice cream with your choice of topping, and they always offer two desserts if you're sharing. 

Everytime we leave Shabu Shabu Paradise I walk away full, but not stuffed. Unlike AYCE sushi where the expanding rice almost always gets the best of me in the end!

Oh yeah, watch for rocks kicking up on the I-215 on the way out there.
Yes i agree with everyone else that this place is good but that's where i draw the line.

10 out of 10 for authentic japanese style

The only thing that gets me is the bang to buck ratio. For what we paid for a half beef half seafood we could have got a lot more. 

What i think i'm trying to say is this place is good if you want to make an impression on someone or a out of town group or want authentic shabu shabu. 

I honestly wouldnt consider coming back. There's a lot more places where 20-30 dollars can get you a lot more food that's a lot closer to my location.
Shabu Shabu Paradise has been our favorite place for shabu shabu for quite awhile now.  

We go there often, and we love that the waitress remembers specific details about how we like our food and condiments.  (Specifically, the evening waitress since we see her the most.)

This year, I haven't been able to indulge in their raw scallops, so we've been ordering their beef only.  (Pretty soon though, I'll be back on the raw scallop diet!  Yes, you can eat their scallops raw - ask for some soy sauce and wasabi.)  Sometimes I'll pick the mushroom option for a little change though.

They also have raw garlic paste which is nice to add to your ponzu sauce, be sure not to add it to your broth because it'll boil over and make a mess! 

We love their salad and dressing - no iceberg lettuce here!  And we love the free refills on that!

We love their veggies and of course, can't get enough of their tofu noodles.  Yes, free refills on all of that too!

Most recently, we did the whole split plate charge (courtesy of reading Bobby Y.'s review).  It says there on the menu that they'll charge you $6 for a split plate and here, it's so worth it!  We ordered one item from the Jack menu and paid the additional six.  This worked out well since I wasn't eating that much beef and the Husband could have it all to himself for the most part.  Meanwhile, I still get my fill on the salad, rice, veggies, tofu noodles, and dessert too!  Not a bad way to spend $6 in my opinion!

And you can't help but love that they give coupons out every time you visit - it's hard getting there within the next 20 days though.  Their lunch prices can't be beat either - free beer or soda?! Wow!  (And as one friend pointed out, it's a real full glass of beer...not a tiny little one.)
Shabu Paradise is an amazing find! SSP has great fresh quality ingredients and amazingly friendly service. I love my veggies and I LOVE SSP's unlimited vegetables. Also, I always get a raw egg to dip my sukiyaki and since SSP uses freshest ingredients I don't have to worry about getting sick from food poisoning. Plus, the vanilla ice cream w/ match powder puts an exclamation mark at the end of a quality authentic shabu meal.

Worth the drive from LV =)
Although I've only eaten here a couple of times (the only times that I've experienced shabu shabu) and gotten two different dishes, I have thoroughly enjoyed their lunch menu.  The fact that they offer a free beer, soft drink, or tea was pretty enticing.

The salad, although simple, was pretty good.  By good, I mean fresh, and that the leaves and tomato slices weren't drowning in their dressing.  It helped that the waitress kept coming to our table again and again to ask if we wanted our salad replenished.  

The waitress was very helpful and informative in explaining the way that the food was to be cooked, in demonstrating the proper way to cook the food and to clear the pots for cooking, as well as explaining the different uses for each dipping sauce.

We didn't order anything other than the usual entrees (chicken + chicken, chicken + meat), but they did seem also generous with the amount of vegetables--the usual bean sprouts, noodles, tofu, etc.  

Since my dad has a pacemaker and was unable to stay within close proximity of the cooking area, the waitress ended up preparing the food for him. 

We ended up getting two rounds of vegetables, on top of the two rounds of salads.

The only gripe that I have is that there weren't bigger portions of the beef or chicken, in comparison to the price that we paid.

At least we were given some lunch vouchers for 20% off our next visit.  

Overall, great experience each time.  The portions, however, left me wanting more.
Delicious! Lunch special is such a good value and super filling. Super friendly staff but service gets a little slow especially when it's busy.
Very nice place. Brought my family here for a great dining experience:

Location - A bit off the beaten path, but that adds to it's "find" as a nice place to eat.

Ambiance - A bit sterile, but clean and warm. since this place is out of the way, and it is a bit sterile, it has a very modern feel. Overall, it is pleasant and not an issue.

Food - Fresh, good quantity and flexible. You can order any size dish you want, vegetable, pork, chicken and beef as well as seafood. Nice appetizers and great tea. If you haven't had Genmai tea yet, try it. Nice green tea with roasted brown rice. Very flavorful.  Cooking the food in the clear water or the sukiyaki (suggest you try both) is fun. They give you dipping sauces for the clear water method and while not extremely taste overpowering, it is subtle and refined. For those that enjoy being overloaded with powerful taste or spices, you have to prepare yourself for the subtlety that is shabu shabu at it's finest.

Service - For one waitress, very excellent. She will also "train" you on how to eat Shabu Shabu and how to cook it.

Price - Very good.  For three people, with drinks and good amount of food, you might spend up to 75.00. Figure on 20-25 per person depending on what you order.

Reservations - not required, but they have three tables of four, nd one long table that perhaps seats a total of 18 or so?

Parking - Very easy. In an underused strip mall in the burbs.

Finally - You gotta try it. this place will grow on you. I have taken family and business partners there.
This is a hidden gem, the service is awesome ... but the food is even better. The lunch special is great in expensive and free beer. The portions is perfect. This is the best shabu shabu place in Henderson and Las Vegas area. Like I said it is a hidden gem. FYI everything is fresh ... i have eaten here more than 10 times ... I have not had 1 single bad meal or experience.
Very cozy shabu shabu place in an unusual location at the base of MacDonald Highlands.

Very nice shabu shabu (the wife went for the sukiyaki so the pan looks kinda like a ying yang symbol).

Meat was very very thin, just need to boil it for a moment. All the add-on's (tofu, noodles, vegtables) are very nice.  It is very fresh and easy to eat over a long time.  

We also had the black cod (super yummy) and oysters on the half shell (very fresh and tasty) as appetizers along with the edaname (which always goes better with a beer in hand)

This place is small so be sure to book a reservation.

We prefer Chinese Spicy Hot Pot (Just had little sheep a few weeks ago in shanghai and that is super yum) but the nuanced tastes of japanese really come through with this place. It is very traditional, and I am always happy if I am one of the few gweilo's (or in this case gaijin)in a place.
I discovered about this place when I googled shabu-shabu, henderson, nv..and to my surprise I had no idea there was one located in my area.  I quickly browsed on yelp to brief on the reviews and the hours of business on this place and I immediately decided to give it a try.  

The place closes at 9:30 on weekdays and looking at the time it was a little pass 9:00 p.m. and by the time I arrived there it was almost nearing 9:20.  The place was actually not that hard to find since it's located right across from the Mcdonald Ranch estates. By the time I walked through the door, I thought they weren't going to serve me and I figured better luck tommorrow, instead the nice waitress didn't hesitate to ask me "how many?'  I told her if its too late I'll come back tomorrow but she said don't worry, please have a seat." ( Automatically scored lots of points for that one =) )

The atmosphere was nice and clean and the decor was simple and straight to the point. The place is small but just rightly sized.  And for some reason I have a thing for small quaint hole in the wall places. Maybe it's just because most places where I've enjoyed some real great dining experiences in my life took part in such places.  

Since I already overlooked the menu before arriving there, I already knew what to order and I ordered the King all beef shabu-shabu plate which is supposedly the largest beef plate you can get and that was priced for
 ( $23 ). whats great about the plates is that it comes with unlimited veggies and rice which most shabu shabu places don't offer. Accompaning my meal I ordered a glass of  iced green tea. 

When the food arrived, the iced tea was that very cloudy green concoction which I've always favored and it made me happy to see that, so right away good feelings were starting to kick in about this place. She also brought out my salad which arrived in a small yet proportionate bowl and I liked the dressing that was on my salad, its just too bad there wasn't a bit more on it.

When she brought out the plates, there was a plate of my veggies, the usual veggie shabu shabu plate which consumes of cabbage, noodles, carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu cubes, green onions but no enoki mushrooms or any mushrooms of any kind which I can totally do without during a shabu shabu dining experience. The shabu meat plate was a heaping of beef, which all looked very fresh, appealing and tasty. She also brought out three bowls of dipping sauce and they were Ponzu, a sesame-peanut, and a spicy sauce which looked very much liked the ponzu.

Another thing I liked to point out is that they used actual glass heated stoves underneath their pots instead of the individual stove burners with the propane can. 

So I now I started with my meal, swishing the meat and adding the veggies in the two parted pot ( you are also given the option to do half sukiyaki and half shabu-shabu ) and my first try was the ponzu sauce, and it was a good, light, citrusy flavor. it was not too acidic and bold like other ponzu dipping sauces I've had. Then I tried the peanut sesame and also was good and the peanut flavor was light and wasn't heavy ( thank goodness ), my favorite one of all was actually the spicy because it had a spicy kick to it at the end of the bite.

During my meal the nice lady waitress would check up on me from time to time and clean my water with the ladle and make sure my broth was clear of the meat boil build-up .  She was very sweet and extremely helpful which made my first time experience all the better.

In the end with everything the bill totaled to $27.00 which was not bad at all.  The one great thing I can say about shabu shabu paradise that everything I ate was most importantly clean and fresh. It may not be as great as other shabu shabu places I had in the past but the food is pretty tradition shabu shabu, the atmosphere, the cleanliness, the option of endless rice and veggies, a free dessert in the end, and wonderful friendly helpful service from just ONE waitress made everything so much more pleasant. =) =) 2 thumbs up for the waitress.

Definitely coming back here, again and again. =)

p.s. I loved the vanilla ice cream that was topped with a green tea matcha powder and slice of peach... verry yummy! =) and the fact they hand you some discount card coupons on your next visit. saweet! =)
We miss this place like crazy!!  Nothing up here in Sacramento compares to the simple, clean, DELICIOUS, and generous shabu shabu (and sukiyaki) of SSP!!  Everything up North is cluttered, too noisy, too "saucy", or just...not quite the same quality.  I hope Shabu Shabu Paradise continues to thrive and keep everyone full and happy!

As I think SSP's owners are really Japanese (not Korean, Chinese, etc.)...so I hope all's ok with their relatives in Japan, too.
The best quality shabu shabu in Las Vegas
Relaxing dining experience! Server was very knowledgable and explained how the experience works in a very professional manner. The green tea with rice is phenomenal (I'm thinking of ordering some to go). We ordered half shabu and half tepenaki-- the tepenaki was my favorite! Beef and pork were our proteins and they offer salad, rice, veggies, and tofu unlimited while you dine. Really fantastic experiance and what a hidden gem!
Nothing is more gratifying than having control over what you eat. Shabu shabu is light, clean, and comes with unlimited sides. By our western standards, the amount of meat that you get is not abundant, and I am alright with that. The servings come in three different sizes. Jack, a single serving of one protein. Queen, gives you the ability to do two half portions of different meats. Lastly, the king, where you are allowed a more bountiful amount with the option of splitting. 

Each pot comes in a yin yang pattern to give you the option of having the sukiyaki, regular, or both. I recommend the half and half. The soy sauce base, sukiyaki, is a delicious complement to the spicy and citrus dipping sauces. The regular shabu shabu is best for the peanut sauce because it is a strong flavor with a thick consistency.

When the meat came out, I thought it would not be enough. As the meal progressed, I had almost forgotten about it completely. Instead I was enjoying the all you can eat vegetables, salad, tofu, and rice. I had polished off four plates of veggies and tofu. Even after eating all that, I left here feeling satisfied and not disgusted.

The server was awesome. She was on top of refilling our drinks, and offering an endless bounty of side dishes. She was so patient with the confused guest that came in after us, walking them through the entire menu and offering suggestions. This debunks my whole argument about being neglected and ignored is how Japanese like their service.
Thank you Yelpers because I NEVER would have found this place without using Yelp.  I live just down the street from the restaurant but I never would have found it.  It sits in a office complex area and sits in the corner of the complex.  When you see the place from the outside nothing even hits and the wonderful yumminess that awaits you inside!

My husband and I went out for date night here and I cannot tell how happy we were!  The food is AMAZING!  We have never dons Shabu-Shabu so we did not know what to expect.  The waitress was VERY nice and explained what we should do.  You have a pot of broth placed in front of you to cook the raw food and then are given three dishes of sauce to dip the food in but I am getting ahead of myself...

First you decide your entree and asked your choice of broth (shabu-shabu or sukiyaki).  I would recommend getting both.  Then we were brought a salad (You can get extra salad, rice, vegetables, and tofu for free).  The miso dressing on the salad was great and the greens in the salad fresh and crisp.  Next we were brought our rice, vegetables and tofu along with the three dipping sauces.  The waitress explained that first sauce was a sesame and yuzu (Japanese citrus) sauce.  It has a tart flavor and was incredible with the seafood, chicken, pork and tofu we ordered.  The next sauce was a peanut based sauce.  It is thicker than the sesame sauce and has a sweet taste. It was WONDERFUL with the maitaki mushroom, undo noodle, chicken, and tofu. The last sauce I caught the waitress saying it was spicy but I had NO idea...lol.  I about burned my mouth off when I tried it.  :D  We asked the waitress what people did with the sauce and she said many people mix it into the first two sauces.  We tried that and it made the sesame more amazing because you got a tart and hot.  The peanut sauce was better too.  My husband also said he added the scallions to the sesame and daikon radish to the peanut sauce and it was really good.

We ate and ate.  My husband even asked for seconds of tofu (something he rarely eats)!  For the two of us our bill came to about $55.  That is with tax and tip.  All I can say it is worth it! We left VERY full and did nothing but talk about one of the best meals we have had out in a LONG time!

Please find time to eat there if you get a chance.  You won't be disappointed!
I have been to this place now about 6 times. 

1.  Who to take - I have taken business colleagues from San Francisco, capital of great food, from Rome, it doesn't get better food from Italy, as well as friends from Vegas.  Everyone loves this place. How about that for a recommendation?

2.  Great for - dates, a fun experience, learning, healthy food.

3.  Price - Very worth it!!!

4.  Location - Near empty strip mall on northeast corner of Horizon Ridge and Valle Verde in Henderson.

5.  Parking - Easy, 

6.  Tables - Three tables seating four and one long one that can seat perhaps 10 or 12?

7.  Food - You simply order what you want, beef, pork, chicken, seafood and it is preferable to order one dish per person. If too much and you want to share one dish, you can, however, you get charged for sharing.  You can get the entire cooking pot filled with water or water on one side and sukiyaki sauce on the other side. This is what we always do.

8.  Experience - This is a great place to experience the subtleness of Japanese joy of eating and delicate flavors. Gotta try it for sure!

GK says, don't wait, go!
Great find! Just happen to see this place while driving by. Been wanting to try Shabu Shabu and i definently know where i'll be going next time i want some good hot pot. We had 4 kinds of meat and unlimited veggies, tofu & tofu noodles to cook, the package also came with desert. 3 sapporo's and all for only $50. Very tasty, but light meal. Next time we'll try the sukiyaki. The wait staff was VERY friendly and we even stayed past closing time and they were still bringing us food. GREAT PLACE!
Yummmmmm!!!! Great food.... Slightly dark atmosphere but delishhhhh food! Great for everyone! Lots of veggie dishes as well!
Went here with a friend who was on a diet and was in need of some diet friendly healthy food.  It was a great meal.  The waitress was quick and helpful.  The best part is that it was kind of slow to cook your own food.  So for someone on a diet, it was nice that their meal wasn't over so quickly.

My 8 year old boy also enjoyed cooking his own food.  All around it was a special meal.

We will be back!!
First, I have to state the obvious...we are NOT in Little Tokyo (LA).  

That aside, this is the best place I've found in Vegas for Shabu Shabu.  An old co-worker of mine turned me on to it.  She used to go there for their lunch specials, but it has mostly been a dinner spot for me.  

Like all good Shabu Shabu places, you have to call ahead to make reservations.  This is not only to ensure an open table, but to allow the staff the time to make sure you receive the best possible dining experience.  

Every time I've gone we've had the same server, and she's the best.  Treat her well and she'll make sure you have a good time.  

I normally go with the King 9 (beef) in Shabu Shabu broth.  The shoyu and sesame sauces are amazing.  Especially the spicy shoyu.  The veggies and noodles help to round out the meal.  Any of the extras are good too.  

Their beer and sake menu is decent, if not extensive.  I've never been disappointed with what they have served.  Though I, admittedly, am no expert....yet
I highly recommend this restaurant. The original Japanese style Shabu - Shabu !!!! My wife and I tried so many restaurants,This place is the most delicious Shabu- Shabu we have had. 
Always fresh vegetables and top grade meats,seafoods. We LOVE !!!!!
Also very clean restaurant ,we've been going this place over two years, Always the health district grade A (There's so many dirty restaurants)
Plus excellent service by owner server Junko -San is very kind. If you never been this place? You should try!!!! You'll see what I mean.
Food: I got the Kobe beef Shabu Shabu, and it pretty much melted in my mouth. Everything else was pretty standard fare.

Service: Friendly & Attentive.

Ambience: very...red. It's nice that they use induction stoves, and pots that look like a yin and yang symbol.
Great shabu shabu! I have come here for their lunch special over a dozen times in the few months. The waitress is one of the owners, and she's great at explaining how to shabu shabu like an expert. 

Their food is fresh, and their veggies and salads are unlimited. One tip: if you get sukiyaki, slightly dip your rice bowl in the broth and let it sit for a few minutes (otherwise you'll burn your mouth on the hot broth). What you get is a tasty, brothy rice side with fantastic flavor.

The restaurant is small yet clean and nicely decorated, and when I've gone for lunch they are never packed.
I've eaten here a couple of times and love it.  It's simply a different dining experience!

I first came here on the recommendation of a friend last year.  I was initially hesitant about the concept but after my first visit, was converted into a shabu shabu booster member.

I like to describe shabu shabu as pho meets fondue.  Essentially, each table has a table top electric stove.  You select different types of thinly sliced meat, which are brought out raw.  The server brings out pots filled with water, which are heated on the table top stove, along with either seaweed/kelp or sukiyaki, or both. (The pot has a divider, so one side can be sukiyaki and one side can be seaweed.)

The fun part comes next: taking the meat, dipping it into the pot and swishing it back and forth until it's cooked.  Shabu shabu literally means swish swish.  (Or so Wikipedia tells me.)  The server also brings out other goodies, such as tofu, rice, veggies, noodles, and three kinds of dipping sauces (one is super, super spicy).  The tofu and veggies can be dipped in the sukiyaki and/or dipping sauces.   

I've always ordered the queen portion for myself, just cause I love getting the beef AND shrimp.  This is more than enough for me, and last time, I shared with a friend and we were both stuffed at the end of the night.

Although cooking your own meat, especially shrimp, may seem a little alarming, it's totally fine and really good.  As a member of the shabu shabu booster club, I highly recommend trying out.  

Plus, this place is great.  They're super attentive with service and even give you re-fills on the rice!  

Also, a tip -- if you get cold easily, bring a sweater.  The A/C seems to be on overdrive all the time.  I always am freezing inside!!!
Great but I thought the Kobe was too expensive compared to the ribeye.  Dinner for one with Kobe, was enough to not warrant the drive again from North Las Vegas, there is a closer, cheaper venue for shabu shabu.  The food was great, and the atmosphere a little too upscale.  I felt a little underdressed.  Great place if you want to take a date and make them feel like they are living the high on the hog.
We always have a great time here. Sercivce, food and all. Usually make a fiew friends too.
Having been a fan of Swish for a while, I was excited to find a shabu shabu place so close to home (thanks to a review by Teri C. - who ended up sitting right next to me! - for the inspiration to try it).

My friend had never had shabu shabu or sukiyaki, so I asked for both and was excited at the presentation: instead of a separate pot for each (broth and soy-based sauce, respectively), it was a single large pot with a divider that allowed us to have both in the same cooking space! Convenient, creative, and efficient! #win

We started with edamame (Sunday special, only $1!) and a krab-wasabi salad. The edamame was hot and fresh, just salty enough, and tender. The krab was about what I expected... the flavors of the dressing were really great, but it's krab not crab (yeah, that fake, formed, stick stuff). I knew that going into it, so I am not complaining. 

We opted for the King meal to split, choosing beef, scallops and shrimp. We also ordered 3 of the mushroom sides. Add to this that we were given 2 huge orders of vegetables to go with it, and we had a boatload of delicious food before us!

The meats were fresh and tender, the veggies crisp, and the cooking and dipping sauces were really, really flavorful without being laden with salt (hard to do!). They do offer waygu and kobe, but we went with the standard beef and were not disappointed. I tasted some of it - along with a scallop or two - raw and really liked it. Melt-in-your-mouth good all on their own.

Service was fantastic. We wanted for nothing and were offered the world... all with a smile. Top it off with some hot tea and we were set. Well, almost.... My companion did get some of their strawberry ice cream and really enjoyed it.

A new fave, for sure. I look forward to returning!
The meat and veggies were fresh and the waitress (owner?) was attentive as well as very patient to explain the ins and outs of shabu shabu to my non-initiated friend. A great little place with great food at reasonable prices. Since we were the only 2 people in the place (we eat early), it was an intimate setting. The only complaint was the music (80's "eclectic" soft-rock).
My girl and I decided to try this place on a whim, and we were very glad we did!

The restaurant is about the size of a medium take out place, with one very long table taking up the left side of the restaurant where a family party of 10-12 people sat comfortably. On the right side had tables for parties of 4.

We started off right with pitcher of Sapporo beer, which was a great bargain, and an order of $1 edimame (special that night). We both ordered a "Jack" serving of beef shabu-shabu, and like others pointed out the vegies and noodles are all-you-can-eat.

We received three dipping bowls: ponzu, sesami dressing (which I did have to thin out with a little bit of water), and spicy ponzu sauce. I really, really enjoy spicy food and that spicy ponzu sauce was no joke.

The beef was fresh, sliced just thin enough, and if I didn't fill up on beer I would of ordered a second helping.

I would give five star, but the place is relatively pricey for a "Cook your own food" joint, but the side items are all you can eat, the beer is price well, and it's going to be our first dine out option when the temperature drops!!!

One interesting thing did happen: Some douchebag thought he would impress his date by taking her out for sushi. So, walking in he already failed. As the waitress came and gave them menus I heard the following conversation.

Douchebag: Do you guys have sushi?
Waitress: No, sorry. This is a Japanese soup restaurant.
Douchebag: Sushi is Japanese, right?
Waitress: Yes.
Douchebag: And you guys don't have it?
Waitress: Nope, sorry. We do have seafood available.

The dude went on order sukiyaki for him and his date.
I absolutely love this place. 
The service is SUPERB. They have attention to detail, really cater to you, and they're super nice. It's only one waitress doing everything so it's pretty impressive too. Oh, and they people working are from Japan, so they know what they're doing.
The food is amazing! I usually get the Queen special (for dinner). The shrimp is a must-try. Chicken, pork, and beef, SO GOOD. The vegetables are really fresh. If you can, go on a Monday during their happy hour special and try the Kobe beef. It's marbled-goodness!!! 

I recommend it to everyone, especially during the cold nights of Vegas. :)
Small place in the cornor tucked away.  There aren't many shabu shabu places around so this will do.  It's clean and service friendly.  Things weren't explained the first time but I am sure once you know how it goes it's gonna be good.
Coming from Los Angeles, there were many good Japanese shabu shabu in little Tokyo. Since I moved to Vegas 2 years ago, I've been looking for a good shabu shabu restaurant. I was very glad that I found this shabu place in Vegas. It's definitely the local gem. You get unlimited refills of salads, veggies and tofu when you order a set dinner or lunch. They also offer kobe beef here. Shrimps and scallops were fresh. I love their ponzu, sesame, and spicy/hot dipping sauce, especially the ponzu sauce. It goes extremely well with seafood.  Ice cream desert at end of meal comes with the set lunch/dinner. I personally like their green tea ice cream better. They actually put green tea powder on top of vanilla ice cream. The bitter sweet and creaminess of the ice cream are the perfect ending.
I love shabu shabu, so had high expectations for this place.  The atmosphere was nice, I like the table set-up, and they cut the meat really thin, so it cooks quickly.  Overall, the food was good, but both the shabu shabu and sukiyaki broths were not as flavorful as I'm used to.  When it comes to shabu shabu in Vegas, I have to stick with Swish.
Simple, straightforward shabu shabu. Main virtue is its Henderson location. The only shabu shabu I know out there; low key and usually quiet.
I have been going here since finding this place two years ago. A bit off the strip, but very much worth the drive and break from the casinos.

The menu is very easy to read and typical for shabu shabu. You pick your meat and then the size. Not very complicated. The meat is never too fatty and there are many sides you can add to your order. In fact, many nights they have daily specials on them and the shabu shabu meals. You get unlimited salad, vegetables and sauce with your shabu. shabu. As well as many of the drinks. A really great value for great food.

Always fresh tasty food with excellent service. You will not find a more friendly and timely server anywhere.
Good good. Great service.
I came here with a friend of mine after reading rave reviews on yelp
The restaurant is small but give you a very cozy home style atmosphere, 
My friend and I each ordered Jack size ,beef and shrimp complementary with salads, You can ask as many salad as you want with no charges. 
 the hot pot style is in deed very simple, does not contain any additional flavor. 
the things that add flavor into the foods are the dipping sauce, they served you three types of dipping sauces, and the peanut sauce is my friend favorite.
The service is very good, but they should have been more organized on welcoming new customers. 
at the end, the ice cream with green tea topping powder is also complementary. 

If you want to cut down some extra calories from eating pasta, cheese burger and enjoy some healthy Japanese cooking style diet, then you should try shabu
This isn't the place for you if you are falling over from hunger pains. The portions are not particularly big, and the food is not greasy or fattening. If you have a medium to small appetite and want a peaceful, unique dining experience, I suggest you try this place out.

Its been a while since I actually ate here so my memory's a bit foggy. I remember there being one server, as the restaurant was pretty slow when I came here with my parents. She was quite friendly and did her best to explain the concept of traditional shabu shabu to a bunch of newbies. I think we sat on the floor or something? or maybe they were just really low chairs. or maybe not. but it did seem like a nice little intimate dining experience, pretty orange walls and some soft background music.

You get this large bowl with two compartments-- one with plain water and the other with some sort of traditional sweet broth. You'll be advised to try them both throughout the meal. The water boils on these fancy electric boiler plates on the table. Vegetables and thinly sliced meat will be brought to you. There are three different, tasty little sauces. The food cooks in a matter of seconds in the hot water -- swish around the vegetables with your chop sticks, dip, and eat. 

It's relatively healthy, low calorie stuff. Its rather expensive though so I don't know if people can afford to eat here regularly. But good, and very different from your typical restaurant experience.
I have been going to this place for about 5 years.  I find it worth the trip every time as the quality and service are consistently good.  Since they offer refills on the vegetables and salad, I always leave pretty full and satisfied.

The meat is sliced very thin as expected so it fully cooks with two swipes.  This is a great value at lunch, and who doesn't like a beer at lunch?  The only thing I would add is some shochu to the menu since I seem to prefer that more these days.  But I am not complaining, as you can see from my coming here for 5 years.
I try to make it here about once a month. Shabu Shabu is a simple meal of the meat or seafood of your choice with vegetables, tasty dipping sauces and rice. Your boiling liquid is available as Shabu Shabu (water) or Sukiyaki (flavored broth).

The quality of the ingredients has always been top notch which is important in this case since it comes served to you raw. My wife gets chicken and I have never had any worries about a plate of raw chicken coming out of the kitchen to our table.

The process is simple, cook the veggies and meat in the boiling liquid, quick trip through the provided sauces which are ponzu, peanut, and spicy, and then down the hatch. The flavors aren't complicated and it is a simple but filling meal.

It is a great place to take people if they are looking for something a little different. The cook your own aspect is pretty unique and has been enjoyable for a number of visitors I have taken here.

Included in the price which ranges from $12 for just veggies to $25ish for a large portion of beef (Wagyu is also available in the $50 neighborhood) is a green salad (unlimited), vegetable and tofu plate (unlimited when accompanying a meat), rice, dipping sauces, and a little ice cream for dessert.

We have been there quite a few times so the server knows our usual preferences, but can get a little overwhelmed when the place is busy (which is rare) since she is the only server.  There are only tables for about 25 so it is never that bad.

A modest dinner for two with no alcohol usually runs around $60 with tax and tip which is very reasonable for a meal I always enjoy and am stuffed after, but I think I would go much more often if it were about 20% less.
I don't remember the last time I had Shabu Shabu but I will remember this visit to Shabu Shabu paradise. The fact that I love to cook made this experience even better. 

After a long week of work I decided to order some sake and to my surprise they had a very good selection. I ordered the managers recommendation about 9 bucks a glass but I loved the fact they serve it to you in a small glass that fits inside a masu (sake wooden box cup) and the waitress fills to the top over flowing into the box. 

We ordered the queen seafood combo which comes with shrimp and scallops and the vegetable mushroom plate with shiitlike and maitake mushrooms. We decided on both the Shabu Shabu and the sukiyaki broths but preferred the sukiyaki since it had more flavor. The meal also came with salad, rice, and bottom less veggies and tofu noodles. To me the sauces is what made the meal. It came with a plain ponzu, spicy ponzu, and a sesame sauce. All three were full of flavor but my favorite was the sesame. 

The only thing that I didn't like about this place was location. Its located in strip mall which is hidden from the main street. 

Overall Shabu Shabu Paradise was an awesome cooking experience and would definitely come back and try their meats. So if anyone wants Shabu Shabu I'll be happy to cook for you at Shabu Shabu Paradise.
This place is very standard shabu shabu.  I was not wowed by the quality of their ingredients but it was definitely good.  I would not say this is the best shabu shabu is Las Vegas.
I would call this interactive dinning and Shabu Shabu is a great choice for a date or with friends. Once you've had great Shabu you always compare to your first experience. This place measures up to my first in NYC. Small. Quaint. Good service. Clean. Great food. Wish I found it sooner. My friends & I got into a little debate over if you could really taste the difference between the Wagyu Beef compared to the regular beef. I say yes.. but next time we will order both side by side and know for sure.
I left this place mainly thinking my $60 meal was worth more like $30.  This poor value was achieved on their 15% discount day (Monday, I believe).  We ordered no alchohol, just (1) King and (1) Queen sized mixed Kobe platters and some iced teas.  In addition to the portion sizes being quite small, the whole cooked in fluid thing always leaves me thinking "boiled meat" just does not taste that great.  Frankly for $60 I could think of about a dozen other places that would have offered a much better meal for two people.  The service was very good, but we got there at 5pm and were the only ones in the restaurant.  Overall, I would not go back.  I should note that generally speaking I love this type of food - and I do go back to Swish!
One Sunday afternoon, my boyfriend and I couldn't decide what to eat. And so we searched on Yelp Japanese. And came across Shabu Shabu less than 2 miles away from where we were. We were like sure why not, we've never tried Shabu Shabu. We entered into a small restaurant with burner tables. The room had to be big enough for 30-40 people. And it was not so busy, which was a plus being such a small restaurant. 

We had no clue what to order or how it worked, but the kind lady was nice enough to explain. Luckily there was an expert couple sitting two tables away from us to further demonstrate and explain each step when the waitress was not available to answer our 1000 questions. 

We ordered the original shabu shabu sauce with chicken and shrimp. It came with vegetables and noodles. We had a fun experience cooking our food in the pot of boiling water and seaweed. Slowly you add all the ingredients to cook all at the same time, instead of waiting hahaha. It was our first time and we loved the experience and the taste. I would love to try other shabu shabu just don't know where they might be in the Vegas area.
Ambiance is good but the place is pretty small. A little pricey but the food is awesome. You get unlimited salad, rice, and vegetables. Dippings are okay, sesame peanut is the best. Will try the sukiyaki next time. Love this place... Will definitely come back!!
I wish there was a 6th star for this place! the ambiance was great.  the portions were just right. and the demonstration and the explanation on how to eat shabu shabu was very informative. I brought a friend here who had never has shabu and he enjoyed it very much. If you're looking to try something outside of sushi the experience this is the place for you :)
Dined here recently for the fifth time, and was as good as the first!

Nice, helpful waitress, and food is always fresh. Love the sauces, too. 

Will go again!
Came here on a Friday night, and was astounded at how small this place was. The restaurant is in an area that looks like it's still being developed, so the parking lot was not busy at all. It was hidden, but easy to find as there was just an art store and coffee place nearby (will try the coffee place one day!). 

My boyfriend and I were greeted and asked to wait by a lovely Japanese lady. The entire restaurant can feed about 25-30 people, no joke. There were only about 4 other groups eating. Along the wall were newspaper articles and raves about the restaurant; good sign. We were seated in about 10 minutes. Our place setting was zen-like, with chopsticks sitting peacefully on a rock, and a red napkin laden underneath.

We ordered one jack-sized chicken, and one jack-sized beef with hot pot sauce. The next time, I will definitely order sukiyaki instead, as I had expected the broth to be more flavorful, but that was my fault. The vegetables are all-you-can-eat as well as rice (big bonus for my boyfriend). The complimentary sauces were good, my favorite was the ponzu sauce. 

The whole dining experience was just that; an experience. From the lovely waitress to the table setting and the cooking; it was more than a sit-down meal. Definitely recommend and will definitely return.
I'm a Shabu Shabu newbie.

The husband and I went here on a date night last Friday.
Since I didn't pay any attention to the time, I didn't realize how early it was.
We had the place to ourselves for the first half hour... it was quiet, it was relaxing, it was what I needed after a hectic week.

Now... had we not ordered 2 pitchers of beer... this would have been a very healthy dinner.  All the veggies and meats were fresh. Nothing drenched in oil or butter or salt.  Plus, the veggies are all you can eat so that's good... because it promotes filling up on their fresh veggies which is good.

The Shabu Shabu is basically just water... so you heat/boil your dinner.  It's pretty bland and you need the 3 dipping sauces to add some 'zest'. (Next time we're going to do the Sukiyaki as that seems to have more flavor.)

What I really liked is this style of eating is pretty darn "clean"... meaning fresh, simple and slower.  You take the time to cook your food and by doing so... it forces you to slow down.  So, if you're starving and need to eat within a few minutes... don't go here.  If you have time and you want to have a relaxing dinner... head to Shabu Shabu for a nice, relaxing meal.

We had 2 appetizers... I ordered a Queen and the hubby ordered the King.... It's not cheap... but it's not break the bank.... and you leave full.  Minus the 2 pitchers of beer... I think our bill was $35pp including tax and tip.

If you haven't tried this type of restaurant... I would suggest it... you might be surprised and it might be a good way to relax.  I know it was for me.
My husband and I went to Shabu Shabu for the first time a month ago.  We read the reviews and were surprised to see there was such a hidden gem right here in Henderson.  All the raves were right - This place is great!  It is definitely small - Maybe had 12 or so tables, but it was great for a date night and was super affordable.  The server was very patient explaining how to cook shabu (as it was our first Shabu experience), and we ordered the broth and the water.  We got steak, shrimp & chicken - and I probably liked the steak the best.  The veggies and tofu noodles are all-you-can-eat (yay!), and the dipping sauces were great.  I had wine and sake, and my husband had a few beers - and our total check was $55!  WOW!  We will be back!
This place is a small and kinda hidden restaurant but very clean. But the food and service is great. Even though there is only one waitress. She always greets people and with a smile. Food is always fresh, and love how the vegetables, and rice is unlimited. I love this place because its never busy, so the food and service is quick. And the prices of food and drinks is very reasonable. This place is a great place to come by, if you want a quiet and simple dinner with a date or with family.
Easily the best shabu shabu restaurant in town.  Best meat quality and refills on rice and veggies.  

The dipping sauces are excellent and perfectly compliment the food.  They also have the daily specials, ranging from food/bev discounts or cheap appetizers.

They also offer wagyu shabu shabu if you're feeling luxurious. 

Location is not too convenient for most, but the quality, is well worth the trip.
Came in and took advantage of the the lunch special served weekdays until 3:00 pm.
Shabu Shabu Paradise is located in a strip center where the area seemed comprised of mostly residential. Parking was easy to find and I was seated asap.

I went with the half beef half scallop Shabu Shabu that included a drink beverage or beer.. I'm used to hot pot and this was my first experience with Japanese Shabu Shabu. The pot is filled with hot water not broth and proceeded to cook my veggies tofu, tofu noodles and make a broth with added soy sauce and combined several dipping sauces to make a tasty broth. Overall the Shabu Shabu was solid and included unlimited salad and steamed rice.

The waitress who I found out later is the owner and the chef is her hubby. She was really sweet and said Shabu Shabu Paradise has been in business for six years.

Its sure nice to support a small business like Shabu Shabu Paradise and was a nice lunch experience.
Amazing. 

Food is delicious, and they bring you as much noodles, vegetables, and tofu you can eat, no matter what you order.

I liked the shabu shabu the best, but the sukiyaki was also good.

Chicken and beef are really good.

Dipping sauces are really really good.

Waitress is so nice and helps you order if you need help figuring out the menu.

Really affordable for vegetarians or whomever just gets the vegetables/tofu/mushrooms/noodle option.

Good selection of mushrooms, too.

Everyone I bring here loves it.
6 of us went on a Friday night at 8pm.  We were the only 6 people in there.  It's too bad the locations doesn't bring in enough people.  Our bill was $70 for my wife and myself.  The service was good and quick.  Combined we had beef, chicken, pork, shrimp and scallops.  They are really good about letting split up your choices of meats.  The also let us split our choices in mushrooms with 2 different ones while charging us just for 1 side.  Unlimited veggies, rice and noodles.  The are 3 different dipping sauces.  Alone they are great.  Even better when combined (sesame peanut mixed with the spicy was awesome).

I don't write many reviews but felt compelled to because this place deserves a lot more business.  The restaurant was clean and I have nothing to complain about.  We also had a beer, green tea and ice cream in our $70 bill.

This was also my first time trying Shabu Shabu style dining.  I strongly recommend giving this a try.  The way the dining experience is setup, it is a great place to socialize to have a fun date night out.

Thanks.
Went here on yelp recommendations.  Overall, we really enjoyed our experience eating shabu-shabu for the first time. The ability to eat food just seconds after its having been cooked was truly special. We tried 3 of the 4 fresh Japanese mushrooms (yum!).  Scallops were also delicious.  The chicken and beef were our least favorite, but we're not big meat eaters.  We used two of the three dipping sauces.  Even if you think you can tolerate hot food, be careful with the third.  Well, I mixed a very small amount into the other two sauces and that was good.

Consider calling first as this restaurant has limited seating.  Oddly, the waitress, although she did it very politely, seemed a little overzealous in discouraging walk-ins from waiting for tables to open.  We saw her discourage several sequential walk-in couples.  After the second left, it wasn't more than 5 minutes before a table was ready (and sadly, that table sat open for the rest of our time there).  Yikes, you're losing business needlessly!

The price is not inexpensive, but seemed reasonable for the combination of food quality and unique experience.  You might feel surprisingly full after eating what doesn't look like that much food.  If you're not full, they offer seconds without charge on the main veggies & tofu.  We just didn't need them. 

If you figure some of the value in a nice meal is getting leftovers for lunch the next day, then consider this place a little more expensive than other restaurants where you pay the same as you won't likely be leaving with leftovers.

Unlike another reviewer, however, shabu-shabu didn't seem like something we'd want to eat frequently, although we will probably visit again to try the sukiyaki option before long.
We accidentally found this place and had no idea what Shabu Shabu was,  Well we found out its delicious and the restaurant was wonderful.  
It's now one of our favorite places to dine.
This is not your typical restaurant- it's better!  My boyfriend and I came here to try something new after reading the reviews.  We made reservations and when we arrived we were seated immediately.  We had our own private table which definitely made it romantic.  I ordered the Kobe beef and shrimp platter and my boyfriend ordered the Kobe beef and scallops.  Everything was fresh and the sauces were flavorful.  The prices were a little high so that is why I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5.  I would definitely return for a special occasion.
***3 STARS***

Not to shabby for decent shabu shabu!

I've had shabu shabu back to my home-home (SoCal) and although I may not be an expert, I do know that it isn't supposed to be THIS pricey! I was visiting my grandma and had bookmarked this place since it was only a couple blocks away from her neighborhood.

[atmosphere]
It may seem a bit dark inside due to the red walls and such, but the tables and environment is clean and well kept. It isn't quite as fancy nor hole-in-the-wall, it's somewhere in between mom-and-pop and neighborhood local spot.

[devour]
*Q-8 1/2 SHRIMP & 1/2 SCALLOP ($20, **3 STARS**) 
When you receive your order, you would think, "THAT'S IT?!?!?!" Lo and behold, your order also comes with unlimited veggies, 3 dipping sauces (sesame peanut, ponzu and spicy), and a bowl of white rice. After cooking your fresh shrimp and scallops in the seaweed broth (shabu shabu) alongside with the unlimited veggies, you're full and you didn't know it. 

If you wanted to add other additional stuff like ramen ($3) or shitake mushrooms ($2) or other items, it will cost an additional arm and a leg. I had always thought that stuff is a given and comes with your order..... I guess not!

But was my dish worth $20? Probably not! I think it was worth $12-$14 at the most. And if you want prices like that, you would probably have to go here during their lunch hours. 

[imbibe]
Green Tea was as expected - divine. Glad they didn't use fake stuff here! ($2)

[service]
Awesome! We were well taken care of by our lovely waitress. She was able to answer all the questions we had on the menu. She was very kind and considerate and couldn't have asked for more! (**4 STARS**)

The flavors here were okay. I wouldn't say it was the best nor the worst. In addition, the prices were a bit steep for shabu shabu. I liked the fact that the food wasn't salty, but felt there needed some additional seasoning somewhere. If I were to come back here, I would try their sukiyaki instead of the shabu shabu. It may be a better choice. And if I were to also come back, it would be during lunch since the prices would be more reasonable.

Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #43
**GASP** 3 stars? I'm sure someone is clutching their pearls as they read this. I will preface this by saying I'm not a shabu expert, I don't like to cook, so why would I go to a restaurant and pay to cook my own food? Well funny you should ask that. This place has a pretty solid following and lots of positive reviews. My first experience here wasn't good, when we walked in around dinner time, the first thing we hear from the hostess is "Do you have a reservation" not in a pleasant voice but a rude, angry voice. We tell her no and she says "you will have to wait", okay, we understand. She seats us, and we are sitting apart, like face to face, I felt like I was at a business meeting, not dinner, she was so extremely rude, we felt uncomfortable and we ended up leaving. We let a couple months go by and decide to give it another try, this time with a reservation. Ordered the 1/2 Wagyu, 1/2 shrimp, 1/2 scallop and beef miso yaki for an app. I wasn't wowed by anything and I left starving, yes I know you get unlimited vegetables, I'm sorry but lettuce isn't doing the trick. We ended up going down the street to Valley Cheese and Wine to finish my dinner.
Had friends coming into town who wanted good sukiyaki. Shabu Shabu Paradise was recommended and they will substitute for shabu shabu. Spoke with owner on the phone (also waitress,) very nice to speak with. We decided to go for lunch since they are usually less busy. They have 24 seats and they were about half full when we arrived. First impression was small but clean. Seated promptly, ordered and they brought out our cooking pots to heat. Salad and and an endless string of sauces, utensils and things you would need for your meal. BTW the hot dipping sauce is exactly that...HOT. you dip your chopstick in it and it comes out shorter so use with caution.

lunch gets one beer or soft drink/tea with refills included, they were generous with refills. They have ridiculously inexpensive lunch specials for a meal of this caliber. 

Main course came out, it was arranged nicely, offered additional rice and vegetables. Enjoyable meal which you cook yourself. fun to do with friends.

we had shabu shabu (savory) and other couple had sukiyaki (sweet) we both liked broth seasoning and would like to return but will try other next time.

Food - good, service - good, lunch price - insane, friendly - yes, atmosphere - good. easy four stars, we will be back.
I got the sukiyaki. It was a little too thin and watery. I prefer the thicker sukiyaki where I can crack a raw egg. I would not come back for the sukiyaki. I ordered the queen size. I should have gotten a bigger portion. I was still hungry after. The meat was really thin too and no marbling. There was unlimited veggies and free ice cream but it wasn't enough to convince me to come back. I prefer Swish over this place.
Just walked in for lunch one day not knowing anything about Shabu. A very cool experience, will definitely have to try again with some friends for dinner.
My family are fans!  Authentic taste and great service. We made reservations and glad we did (3-4 four person tables and 1 long table for a party of up to 12 people or if the other 3 standard tables are full).
Good service and quality food, only problem was there's so little of it. Two of us ordered the scallops and a half beef/half shrimp plate with the shabu shabu. The sauces were tasty (FYI one drop of the hot sauce and your mouth will be burning), the sides were plentiful (they give you extras free of charge), and the garlic mussel appetizer was more than we expected and served as a tasty starter. However after all this, we felt like we only ate half a dinner. The beef is so thin and the scallops are cut so small it's deceiving, so theoretically you could order more seafood/meat and end up satisfied but you'd also end up spending another $20 per person.
Easily the best shabu-shabu restaurant in Las Vegas.  Location is not convenient (unless you live in Green Valley Ranch or MacDonald Ranch, but it is well worth the drive.  

They also offer wagyu shabu-shabu but I have not tried yet.  Their meat quality is very good, even on their standard beef order.  Very tender and enough marbling to be very tasty. 

Free refills on veggies is a huge plus.  I love their spicy dipping sauce... it's addicting.  They also serve Kawaba beer, which is delicious and is a rarity on restaurant beer menus.
On the door it says," Voted the best Shabu Shabu in Vegas."  By FUCKING Who?  This is not a criticism of the food, it was mediocre but a criticism of the locationally challenged people who voted.  Because according to them, "the best shabu-shabu in Vegas" is apparently in Henderson.
Really, buy a GD map! 
Now onto the restaurant review.  There was one waitress and she was very attentive.  She also kept explaining everything to us.  We tried to drop hints letting her know that shabu shabu was one of our favorite cuisines, but they went right over her head.  So if you are a newb to shabu shabu try here and the waitress will explain to you everything that is going on.
We chose the half seawood half sukiyaki bowl.  The waitress again asked us if we would be careful ok with dipping into each others sauces.  i was just about to tell the waitress what I had dipped into before we left the hotel room, but the my girl gave me the, "Do not say anything inappropriate look!", so I refrained.
But just for you fellow yelpers,  I dipped my meat into her sauce, if you know what I mean.  Wink wink.  Nudge Nudge!
Shabu Shabu is one of my favorites. And I really do enjoy this specific location. 

The food is always fresh. The service is always amazing.  The restaurant is very cared for and clean. This is a great place to catch up with friends & have conversation over a nice, quiet meal. 


I've tried almost everything on the King menu... and find this to be a good amount of food for me. 
The veggies are bottomless... and are always fresh & delicious.  I also like to split the pot into both sukiyaki and shabu shabu to mix things up. 

 
If you enjoy sauces, give the dipping sauces a try, but I don't find them to be necessary. 

The restaurant itself is quite small. I prefer to go when it's not too crowded because it can become a bit loud quite quickly. But most of the time, it's quiet and romantic.
Shabu Shabu is new to me & I'm a fan. This place is great - very clean and authentic. The service is impeccable. Monday nights have great specials on beer, sake and kobe beef. Try the plum sake too!
This was my first time doing the hot pot thing and this place is awesome. Great service, really fresh food, good prices. The scallops are sushi grade, which is awesome because you can just barely cook them...yum. We were here for lunch and got so much high-quality, yummy food for $11 a person. Free refills on salad and veggies. Ask for extra peanut sauce, it is so good. I can't wait to come back here next time we are in Vegas.
My favorite Shabu Shabu restaurant of the entire southwest. I try to come here every time I'm in town.

Who I'd take here: A date. Friends that wanted to splurge. Not kids who might injure themselves with the heater and also might be finicky eaters.
Comparable to: Shabu Shabu. Yelp has this listed as fondue, which is a good comparison but is not the same thing.

Food Quality: 4
They offer high quality beef (waygu), pork and chicken. For those unfamiliar with Shabu Shabu, your table has a hot-pot and you cook your own food in a stew-ish style. Swish your thinly cut meat around a few times in the stew and its done. This is a fun experience if you've never tried it before. I always get the pickles here and am never disappointed with anything I order. They sometimes have seasonal items, such as sashimi-grade oysters, when I was there mid-August 2013. There are also a few Japanese craft brews for the beer snobs. This only serious negative for this place is that it's expensive. A plate of waygu will cost around $40 dollars. Despite this you will leave full whatever you order: you get free refills on salad, and veggies and tofu for your stew.
+1 pleased with everything I order here. +1 unique beers. -1 extravagantly expensive.

Service Quality: 5
The service here is superb and the waitress is friendly. Lately this place has been full so you should always phone ahead for a reservation. Note that this place is small so it will be difficult to take a large party here.
+ great service. +1 friendly service.

Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 4
This place is in a kind of remote area suburban area with no other attractions.
-1 remote area.

How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.

Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(4.3) = 4
I'd rather cook my next meal in bath water. This place is horrible. The service is bad. the wait staff do not speak English and are insanely rude. I'm Italian and can cook better than anyone in this pathetic restaurant, yet this nasty woman insisted on repeating how to use their stupid shabu pots. The "broth" tasted terrible. 

For those that haven't experience the Shabu style of cooking, it's basically like fondue-- only Asian. There's burners on the table and you cook everything yourself. 
one of the many issues with this place was that the burner controls are strategically placed so that you'll either bash your legs and knees on it every time you move. 

I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. There are far to many restaurants to go in Vegas, bad service and bad food is not tolerated! I couldn't get out of this place fast enough....
This place is great. I had the sukiyaki and it was not too salty and fairly sweet. I enjoyed it. I got half beef and half pork. The pork was a lot more tender and flavorful than I would have guessed. the beef was also tasty but a bit leaner than I had hoped. One of the things you should definitely request are garlic (they don't let you put it in the soup because sometimes other guests complain, but it's really good to dip with!). They also give you unlimited veggie refills (complimentary!) and a free ice cream dessert! Awesome :) Also, we got a Monday night special for 15% off your entree with a $2 beverage order. Glad to have some good Asian food around here!
I'm not really a huge fan of Shabu Shabu because I'm much more used to the concept of hot pot with a soup base rather than ... well, water. There is a sukiyaki option but I'm not a huge fan of sukiyaki either! Ah yes, you get two options for your shabu shabu. You either get plain hot water or sukiyaki base...

The reason I came here was because my parents wanted to try this place out. My mom saw kobe beef (or something similar) on the menu and decided that we absolutely MUST try this place out.

First, the area/plaza that the restaurant is at is quite .. dark. We debated whether or not we wanted to even go in cause the restaurant was fairly small as well. It sits maybe 20ish people. It had about 3-4 four tops and a long table in the middle of the room. In the end, of course we went in. But the place seemed very quaint. Wasn't noisy and very nicely decorated. 

Throughout the whole night, there was only ONE server working so service is fairly slow when there was about 4 parties. However, she did her best and she did not seem like a headless chicken. She didn't seem rushed nor was she uncaring. When she wasn't as busy, she'd always check up on our table to see if we needed anything. There is a fairly thick Japanese accent to her English but she can speak English well enough. 

The menu had a good variety of combinations and options from you to choose from. They had Jack, Queen, and King categories on the menu. Jack being the smallest serving and King being the most. They had single meat, meat combos, and mean with shrimp/scallop combos. Every combo came with salad, platter of assorted veggies, and unlimited rice. You get three different sauces as well to dip your food in: ponzu, seasame/peanut butter, and a spicy sauce. I actually would've liked it a lot if they gave me soy sauce with that as well seeing as the only sauce I liked was the spicy one. However, if you ask, they will give! We eventually asked for regular soy sauce. 

I ended up getting the Kobe platter. Their beef was pretty good but the texture/taste seemed kinda funny. My parents said that the beef was really good and had good "beef flavor" but it seemed a bit weird to me. Maybe it's because we cooked it in plain water instead of a soup base like I'm used to. Who knows. 

Oh $1 edamame on Saturdays. And +1 free dessert: scoop of vanilla ice cream with a sauce. You get to choose strawberry, chocolate, or caramel. I'm not sure if that was only for the day I went or if it's a daily thing.

IN THE END ... I probably won't go back. Not my cup of tea. If you like a little bit of flavor to your food, then I wouldn't really suggest it. Shabu shabu had always been quite bland to me but the quality of their ingredients is good.
This is a very small place in a strip mall. So, call ahead before coming here as you might have to wait a long time.  We got lucky they weren't too busy when we went here for lunch on a Saturday.

Unlimited veggies and tofu. Sauce trio: spicy, peanut and ponzu. Great quality meats.  They have Kobe wagyu beef, shrimp, chicken, scallop, pork, crab stick, etc. You can either do shabu-shabu or sukiyaki. They have lunch specials Monday-Friday noon to 3pm from $10-32 depending on the meat you get. You cook your own food - that's the object of shabu shabu! So please don't be a noob and get pissed off when you're given a pot of water, veggies and meat and they expect you to cook.

You can get appetizers and dessert.  I tried their vanilla ice cream with green tea powder and peach - nothing crazy.
ehhhh they're food is ok. the scallops were the only things I really enjoyed. everything else I feel I could do at home at a much cheaper price.
High quality cuts of meat,the sesame duping sauce is on point, my only issue with this place is the size, so I give it four star for that reason, otherwise this place is flawless
AMAZING shabu shabu. The best part - unlimited veggies. There's also free refills on salad, rice, and sauces. The sesame peanut sauce was extra delicious. There's even free ice cream at the end!
My easy go to lunch spot! Tastes great and seems healthy... However, I always eat way too much. Service is wonderful bc Junco (sorry if I spelled it wrong) is very sweet and always checking on you. Even when it's slammed she is very attentive. 

The prices are on target with what you get. The sauces are yummy. I've been to others and this is the best in Vegas!  

I was tempted not to review bc it's so small and I would hate to see it get too busy, but they really deserve it!
First and foremost that reviewer saying the waitress doesn't speak English and was rude doesn't know what they are talking about. The service here is great and the waitress is very friendly and tries to be helpful especially to those who aren't familiar with shabu shabu. The downside is that the place is on the small side and it may be a teeny bit more expensive during dinner (so go during lunch). Overall, if you want to try a healthy and different kind of meal give shabu shabu a try.
Great food. It's my first time trying kobebeef. I compared it with regular beef. Both were great. I look forward to trying more. Tofu noodle was very tasty. I love sukiyaki without any sauces.
The meat and seafood were high quality.  Really love the unlimited veggies that comes with an order.  The tofu noodle was fantastic, I forgot how many additional serving of veggie I asked for.  It's one of the better shabu shabu place I have had in US.

The place is small though, if the tables are all taken expect a long wait.
Although this place is technically in Henderson and not Las Vegas-proper, I'm going to say it------ I think Vegas does beat SF in all forms of Japanese food. It was hard for me to find a quality Shabu place in Vegas that even matched what I was used to in the Bay Area, but Shabu Shabu Paraside has blown everything out of the water for me!

This place isn't huge by any means, so reservations are a must. At first I thought we were lost, since we ended up at a strip mall where nothing else looked occupied. Luckily, the Best of Las Vegas sign confirmed we were in the right place. I never have been able to finish my plates of meat at any shabu shabu place, but I finished the Jack-sized portion here because it was simply delicious and mouth-watering. The veggies are fresh and AYCE. The one con I would say is mushrooms don't come with it, but they can be ordered as a side for $3 (and you get your choice of two different kinds). Their ponzu sauce has a very bright flavor, their sesame sauce tastes like the best aspects of Kare Kare sauce (Filipino dish with a peanut sauce base), and their spicy sauce was unfortunately too spicy for me, but I'm sure does the trick for those requiring that kick of heat. They have an array of ice cream options for dessert and they gave me a great idea of a dish to do at home - vanilla ice cream with matcha green tea powder on top. Service here never left us wanting, even when it got super busy. One server was juggling everyone effortlessly and never missed a beat. I will definitely be making the trip out to Henderson to enjoy this place again!.. Honestly, as soon as we left, I was already eager to go back.
Great spot!
Excellent food, great service.  The place is very small, so plan ahead.
Intimate ambiance. Authentic Japanese style dining with quality ingredients. All seafood is sushi grade. Unlimited cabbage, carrots, snap peas, tofu and tofu noodles with your meal. Generous protein servings. Excellent selection of Japanese brews. Overall excellent experience. Reservations recommended.
I am really surprised that the reviews are so great for this place.  I was VERY disappointed with the food.  The veggies were good, but the meat (chicken & steak) on the hot pot were really disgusting.  I am still not sure that what I was eating was actually beef, it had a flavor that just didn't resemble anything I had ever tasted and smelled awful.  I am really not a picky eater, but the food at this place was horrible.  

As for the atmosphere, it was nice & intimate.  The waitress was kind and her service was fine.  

We went in for lunch at prime time and there was only one older couple dining, I think this may be a reflection of their poor business.
visited the place on a Sunday for dinner.
I'll say ahead of time that you will want to make a reservation if you don't want to wait as this place seats very small amounts of people.

Soup choice of Shabu Shabu or Sukiyaki (water or Dashi soup & egg)

good selection of meats, fish, and vegetables with easy to understand portions (jack, queen, King, and Ace).

Between the two of us, we ordered a Jack and Queen and was filled up by the end.
(The all you can order rice and vegetable pack was a saving grace to this place b/c without it, we would've still been hungry after our two entree orders.)

The quality of the ingredients were great but there was something missing that made you feel like the shabu shabu was "bland." 

Overrall experience was good but gave it a 4 instead of a 5 for the lack of "omg" factor in the presentation.

if we are craving Shabu shabu in the future, we will most likely stop by here again.
I must say I have had plenty of shabu places before but this one takes the cake! Very reasonable great daily specials and the taste of everything was perfect- very clean and had a great atmosphere to enjoy a nice dinner-the middle table is good for big groups if that's something your looking for
My friend and I went here on a whim to fulfil our shabu shabu craving. The decor made this place feel as though I was in a real Japanese restaurant; close seating and very small. The  service was  really good, checking up on us regularly. The food was amazing. Everything looked very fresh from the vegetables to the meat and seafood.  This place is definitely a great place. If you want shabu shabu with an authentic feel you really have to try this place out.
This was an amazing place. It's a great atmosphere. Good food and just a great overall experience.  We will be coming back
Everything was on point!  Service, food and cleanliness....perfect!  Vegetarian friendly!
Just as good as Shabu Shabu found in Japan.
This place is great as far as Sahbu Shabu goes. I'm not entirely certain how many Shabu places are in Las Vegas, but if you are a native to Henderson, it's a dangerous place to live by. And by dangerous, I mean delicious. 

The restaurant itself is hidden in a business complex and the first time I went there, I had to drive around a bit to find it, but it's not TO bad. The establishment is small and very intimate. The decorations are what you'd expect from a Japanese restaurant. I feel happy when I walk into the door. Whenever I go there, there are usually not a lot of people, which can be fairly nice.

The service is great. If you have never been there before, the waitress tells you the process of how Shabu Shabu works and how to correctly use the pot that is sitting in front of you. She/he will also explain the items on the menu and differences. There isn't one thing on the menu that I have tried and didn't like. 

The food: YAY THE GOOD PART! Besides for the fact that it's delicious, they offer two types of shabu to dip your food in. Miso and Sukiyaki. If you choose Miso, you are also presented with 3-4 different sauces to dip your meat and veggies in. I'm a fan of their Sukiyaki myself, as it gives the meat and veggies you cook a great flavor. The only downside is that no sauces come with the Sukiyaki choice. Oh well, there are worst things in the world. The meat is great. Not much more can be said about that. They also have a boat load of sides that you can get, including rice, various mushrooms, etc. They cost extra, but you know, when you are real hungry and craving a certain food, why not? 

The only downside to the place is that it's a little pricey depending on what you get, but it's great for a date or special occasion. They also have lunch specials during the week from 12 p.m. to 3 p.m. so you can eat there cheaper. Yay!

All and all. I love this place. My husband and I go here for special occasions and have always felt welcome. Add great food and it's an amazing combination. I think everybody should try it at least once. You have no excuse to not visit this place if you live in Henderson, so do it. Do it now!
Oishii!! I've tried numerous shabu shabu restaurants and this is by far the best. Excellent service and the food is fabulous.
Really impressed with this place. Quality and delicious meats and veggies, reasonable prices, quiet ambience and terrific service. You can pair your meal with unlimited salad, rice, veggies, and noodles. The ponzu dipping sauce is great. They even top off the meal with ice cream. A super find!! It's so close to our house! Yay!
Went here for Girls Night Out(which is offered only on Mondays) because everyone I've talked to said that the best items at TMP were the cheese fondue and the dessert, and that the entree is nothing special(takes a LONG time to cook the meat, for instance). Girls Night Out offers the cheese fondue, a salad, and dessert fondue for only $16 per person which is pretty darned reasonable, considering the price of a full meal(which can range from $80-90 per couple for all five courses). Specialty drinks are $5 this night, as well(although I wasn't in love with either of the two I tried). 

We had the Wisconsin Trio for the cheese, which was okay...but nothing fabulous. My friend said that they had the Cheddar Cheese last time, and it was lackluster. I had a nice salad, but nothing I couldn't do at home. We chose the Original chocolate for dessert(a mix of milk chocolate and peanut butter). This was good, but when ISN'T melted chocolate yummy? I do wish that they had given us more fresh fruit and less desserty-stuff to dip. It's not like the picture on the website where it's a heap of bright fruits. There were four small banana slices and about 2-3 strawberries sliced. The rest was pound cake, brownie, marshmallow, rice crispy treat, etc... 

All in all, it was a fun evening, but nothing overly-delicious. I would do Girls Night again mostly for female bonding time, and not the food.

They seem to have a special for every night, so check the website. Also book ahead. I called three weeks in advance and they had THREE times left open.
The melting pot is a fun once-in-a-while experience. It's very social and people who have been here before get to feel like they're showing newbies something, which gives you something extra to chat about.

However, it is no culinary feat by any means. Melt cheese + dipped bread = yummy. Melt chocolate + dipped marshmallow = yummy. Duh. 

I've been here for the discounted ladies night and a bachelorette party where they gave use a huge discount too. I can't imagine paying $80 for a couple here, but I guess people do. When folks pay full price for a full meal, the melting pot is laughing all the way to the bank. I think a lot of people who are big fans get in on their discount club thing.

The service is SLOW, which can be nice or annoying depending on the type of experience you want.
Nice idea but not so great if you're vegetarian. Wasn't keen on the wine list. Wasn't keen on the non-meat options. Felt somewhat grimy to me.
My wife and I chose the Melting Pot for "Date Night" and had a wonderful meal, though it was not without room for improvement. The hostess greeted us warmly, but we still had to wait until 10 minutes after our reservation time to receive a table. Our waiter was very friendly, though if we asked questions that were not on his training script, he seemed a bit lost. We ordered a cheese fondue and shared an entree and the accompanying salad. We planned to order dessert but were simply too full. The cheddar cheese fondue was tasty. However, it promised swiss and cheddar, but was quite skewed towards the cheddar. Wine would have made a better ingredient than the beer they use. The house salad with Tangy Sweet dressing was flavorful and fresh. Our entree - the Pacific Rim - offered pork, beef, chicken, shrimp, pot stickers, and even duck. The wide variety of batters and sauces made for nearly infinite combination possibilities.  I hope I can remember next time that I did enjoy the beef by far the best. If the management put their waitstaff in collared shirts they likely could achieve the level of elegance that the decor strives for; the long-sleeved T-shirts seem out of place. The men's bathroom was filthy - a slight step above Interstate rest-stop. Despite these minor flaws, we never felt rushed in the nearly 3 hours we spent here and the fondue seemed to engender continuous conversation. We will most certainly return.
The food was good, and it was a fun experience to share with friends, but I have to say, it's WAY overpriced.  We spent $120 for two people, and we were not full.  In our opinion, it's not worth the money.
My husband and I decided to check out TMP after hearing much ado about it from friends - and we had a coupon.  Overall, I can't say tha the menu was anything special.  The food was good, but, for the price we paid (even WITH coupon), neither my husband nor I was enamored enough to say we'd go back.  

Our waiter was great.  The drinks were smooth.  The booth they put us is nice and quiet, but crowded with everything they put on the table.

In the survey questions, for attire, I'd say dressy.  Not a restaurant I'd go to in jeans and a tshirt - tho there were people who were.  Be un-American and dress up a little.

Nice to try once, but, can't say we'll be back unless its with people who really want to try it.
"A once in a lifetime experience...that I re-live each month I go there." I love the Melting Pot. I will be honest, it is quite pricey, but it's somewhere you got for a special occasion or on a date. Its cosy and romantic, plus the whole experience is fun. I love the fiesta cheese, house salad and the yin yang desert (best of both worlds). It takes about 2 hours and then some to dine there, so it's a night out all together. You will feel stuffed after your done, my boyfriend always thinks it's "not that much food," but he is always full after the 2nd course! But don't think you won't be able to save room for desert, I always feel that I will be too full, but you will get a second wind once the strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, pound cake and marshmallows come out to your table. Almost forgot, we always have great service, it's part of the whole experience, but we always have great conversations with the servers.
I think the people knocking the price or the simplicity of the food just don't get it.  Obviously you don't go to a place like this for the food itself, it's for the experience.  Could I make fondue at home?  Maybe, but the logistics of serving 5 different meats with 7 different sauces as the 3rd course of a 4 course meal would be a total nightmare.

Anyway, my girlfriend and I just went here to celebrate Valentine's day.  They had a four course meal as the special.  Started out with a cheese dish, we went with the fiesta cheddar.  Tasted pretty good, although we asked for it medium-hot (the server adds jalepeno to taste), and it didn't seem spicy to me at all.  For salad, we got the caprese, which was mainly giant tomato slices with fresh mozzarella- despite being out of season, the tomatoes tasted great.

The main course was a platter with filet mignon, lobster tail, pork tenderloin, chicken breast, and shrimp (4 pieces of each, although each piece was big enough to be 2 bites).  We went with the coq a vin cooking broth, as it seemed the best for first-timers like us.  The meats came with 7 sauces - butter and lemon for the lobster, cocktail sauce for the shrimp, terayaki, plum sauce, curry sauce, a bleu cheese-like sauce, and a cream cheese-sour cream-chive mixture.  The combination of meats and sauces basically made each bite a different taste - the variety is amazing here.  The only down part was the chicken which seemed a bit dry and flavorless to me.  I was surprised by how good the pork was - I am a steak lover and I think I placed the pork above the filet.

For dessert we went with the cappuccino milk chocolate.  It came with the vast selection of sweets - bananas, strawberries, pineapple, marshmallows, pound cake, brownies, and cheesecake.  Don't think I could pick a favorite - all were delicious.  We didn't use all the chocolate, but it was still a ton of dessert.

To go with our meal we got a bottle of chardonnay recommended by the server - probably the best I've had.  Our server was great - he seemed very knowledgeable and friendly.  All in all, we were there for over 2 hours, and it barely felt like that because we were having such a great time.  Total bill came to $170 with tax/tip, but it was worth every penny for a great night out.
If you go with an open mind and don't mind paying around $120 for two people, you will enjoy it. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating for our three course meal. Good for special occasions, but not somewhere to go on a regular basis. Perfect for a first date or a blind date!
The food is very tasty.  The service was acceptable.  The building itself was quite nice.  The biggest problem is the prices are astronomical and the portions a bit small.  I was here for a party of eight people and the final tab was over 650 dollars and nobody drank alcohol.  We got starters, main course, and desserts.  If they increase portion size or cut about 40% off the prices, I would go back.
Very prompt and attentive service. We only had dessert but it was a good experience. Loved the decor as it seems to be a bit newer compared to other locations I've been to.
It was fun. If you're looking for fondue in Madison you could do worse (well, not really...I am actually not so sure you could do at all!). The portions are quite large, so if it's just two of you, I think you probably won't want to eat all of the courses or at least plan to leave a bit behind every time. I know we did and I was still pretty full at the end. After all, who is going to say no to using up all of the melted chocolate at the end???!!!
Cheese and chocolate + things to dip in them? Sign me up! 

A longtime fondue fan, this place was PERFECT for my recent bachelorette night. It worked for the meat-eaters, the vegetarians, the bird-like eaters, and the food-shovellers. Yummy food, a fun environment and a really great set of waitresses! I love it here!
Maybe I'm just a person who's just not crazy about cheese dip. I think one or two appetizers with special cheesy melts are great, but not when you have three courses of bread dipping cheese melt, vegetable dipping cheese melt, and meat dipping cheese melt. Honestly, I think the bread and cheese dip is great and maybe the vegetables and cheese, but I'd much rather have quality meat on its own (I don't think Melting Pot's meat is that quality though). Chocolate fondue is great too, but that's something you can make at home. Just melt a Hershey's chocolate bar and dip fruit or crackers into it.

Service is great at the Melting Pot and the fondue concept is neat, but the food is just meh.
This place absolutely sucks.  This coming from somebody who is easily pleased while dining out.   I recently went again after trying it a number of years ago.   Same experience.

But hey, if you really enjoy a condescending wait staff, a piece of dried out bread with cheese, 3 oz of steak, 2 oz of chicken, and 1/2 of a rice crispy treat that is cut into 8 tiny pieces with some chocolate, all of which is to be split between 2 people for $80+ this is definitely your place!

It's the ultimate rip off.  I can't believe I went back.  I'm a fool.

And to the review claiming it's about "the experience" and people complaining about the price "don't get it", you're right.  I don't get it.   I'm not sure about others, but no experience at the melting pot could possibly make me feel content with paying $80 for $6.50 worth of food.   Sorry.   

I'd suggest Granite City if you're trying to find places in the area, or the McDonalds next door.
First fondue experience.  Could have used a little more instruction but it was fun.  I think it would be a great place for a double date, or with just a couple friends.  I usually dislike to see a premium on food you cook yourself, but this wasn't bad.
Had a great birthday dinner here.  It's a splurge but I had a Groupon that made it doable.  We had a great server and the manager was very friendly.

Meat quality seems to be mentioned in every review.  I'm a picky foodie; at home I cook from scratch with good quality local, organic, grass-fed beef, organic happy chickens, etc.  The meat we were served was good quality and sliced well for fondue dipping.  Were I to guess I'd say USDA choice.  It's lean meat though, and from mostly from mild cuts that aren't very tough to begin with and won't toughen up if you leave them in the pot for too long.  So you really want to use the sauces they provide.  Also ask for salt and salt your meat before cooking.

What I really liked was how food-sensitivity/allergy friendly they are.  One of my dining companions has multiple food sensitivities and both the server and manager were awesome in making sure that we ordered properly.  The whole restaurant seems very well set up for protecting against cross contamination.

I also asked about gluten-free dining if only one person in a small party was GF and the rest of the table wanted to eat gluten.  They said the best thing to do is to make a reservation 3-4 days out and let them know that you'll need to be seated at a table with 2 burners so that one person can have a pot that doesn't get cross-contaminated.
So I've had a few great experiences at the Melting Pot, and I do have to say I always enjoy a good fondue.
This is a great special occasion/date place and heads up...a little pricey. 
I was leaning towards a 3 star rating, but because of the exceptional service I received from the Manager on duty "Danielle" I bumped it up to a 4 star rating for my overall experience. 
I enjoyed that "Danielle" came around to my table and asked how everything was and if we were on a special occasion, I replied yes (since we were), and later after dessert she stopped back at our table and gave us 3 large chocolate covered strawberries to go, on the house as a "congrats on your special occasion". 
I appreciate that! That is grade A+ service. 

My favorite part of the Melting Pot is the dessert.
In all honesty I enjoy going just for bread/cheese and dessert. It's just the right amount of food to still feel full after leaving here.

Just a tip----I've found out that if you do not have enough dipping vegetables, bread, or desserts and still have fondue left, you are able to ask for a few more dipping items usually free of charge.

Also, if you ever feel like tortilla chips with your bread/veg cheese fondue, just ask and they will bring you out some. I enjoy this with the fiesta fondue.
The Melting Pot and I have had a long love story.  Most of the time it seems like a Lifetime story.  

I have been a fan of fondue for several years.  While it tends to be more of a special occasion rather than casual occurrence, we have gone twice in the past 3 months.  The first time was in April.  I had been to several Melting Pots before.  I have never been overly impressed by this one in Madison but my husband and I decided to go last April.  Terrible decision.  Apparently, it was THE night to go!  We had 6 o'clock reservations.  We arrived a couple of minutes early.  We waited nearly ten minutes to get seated, all the while walk-in groups and couples were being seated.  

I had to make a point to remind them that we had reservations.  When they finally got around to seating, we were once again seated in an area with "couple" types seats.  They are small, awkward and we specifically requested not to be seated there.  However, that was all that available (though we had a reservation).  It is so weird to sit next a person.  This was not our first date.  I was not hear to kiss and cuddle.  I am there to have dinner.  

The service took so long.  They were clearly understaffed.  However, it got to the point where we were waiting twenty minutes between each course.  I was so turned off by this experience.  On this occasion we went because we had a Groupon so we decided to make a special trip.  We were applied automatic gratuity.  Now, I am a good tipper and if I want to tip 18% for terrible service, I would.  However, I did not want to do this and was extremely upset by this.

Upon returning home, I immediately contacted this location.  I received no response and two weeks later sent another email.  FINALLY, I received a call from a manager.  I did not want anything free, I just wanted acknowledgement.  They were attentive but at the same time really could not care.  Without asking, they sent us a dip certificate.  

So my husband and I decided to go again.  Just give them the benefit of the doubt.  This time the service was a complete 180!  The hostess was talkative and friendly.  The waiter was prompt and on-time.  We were stuck, again, in those terrible booths.  However, the service was so much better.  I am not sure if I will go again.  Honestly, the service is just not as good as other locations that I have experienced.  I feel better about this experience but it does not have the same class level as other locations.  

The manager on duty did give us a complimentary box of strawberries for our anniversary.  This visit got a 5, the first got a 1.  Therefore, let's average it out at a 3.
Two friends and I have been regulars of the Melting Pot Madison for the Monday Night special "Ladies Night" -often bringing in larger groups, for the past few years-so, having not gone since last winter, we decided it was time to return last Monday night. We noticed right away that we didn't see any of the usual servers or bartenders and that "our" server seemed less than pleasant, something that was NOT the norm from our prior visits. When our cheese arrived, we noticed that the dishes were different, and that broccoli was not on the plates to dip-but we thought that perhaps they were out. When our salads arrived, they were smaller than we remembered them being. We decided to also add the entree portion (not included in Ladies Night pricing) and when the vegetables arrived-there was broccoli! (assuming that in order to cut food costs, the broccoli was omitted from Ladies Night) We finished our meal with the chocolate fondue-all along commenting that none of the servers seemed happy and that our server, while it appeared she only had ours and one other table, was never around-we waited for refills of water as well as drinks-which seemed very unusual to our past experiences when someone seemed to always be around to fill waters (which was not a server-assuming it was another cut back by MP)  At the conclusion of our meal, we took out a Groupon valued at $49 (which was what we paid for it, as the Groupon special had expired, however according to Groupon , expired Groupons can always be used for the face value of which was paid for them)  We had read the rules pertaining to Groupon before presenting it, as it seemed fairly easy-however, the server took one look at it and said "you have to get what you bought it for!"...we explained that the deal was expired and now the Groupon was only good for the purchase price, not the $98 value it had once had.  She very reluctantly wrote the information down and left, returning only a few minutes later to say that her manager verified that the Groupon could not be used.  When we asked her to explain why, she staggered and stammered and asked if we would like to speak to the manager...which we did, if only to better understand why the Groupon couldn't be used. The server returned a few minutes later-placing the bill on the table and said "the manager took your Groupon even though we aren't supposed to!" and left.  So, no better explanation to why the Groupon couldn't be used and more attitudes from our server and the manager didn't think we were worth a visit to help us to understand...NOT what we wanted! We would have happily paid for our meals without the Groupon; all we had asked for was someone who knew WHY the Groupon couldn't be used to explain it to us so we knew HOW to use it.
I thought that Melting Pot should know of our experience and how embarrassing and unprofessional our visit was and how this was so unusual, based on the numerous times that we had gone there. I received a reply last night and I did finally have an answer as to the Groupon policy from Owners David & Terri Lenz, followed by the comment that "I viewed these rules differently than other guests who have purchased them." (I am assuming that makes me less intelligent than every other person who purchased them??)   Ok, so I asked for an explanation-and I got it, but what WAS NOT in my reply email from them was anything about our treatment by their server or manager.
I responded to David & Terri Lenz this morning, making sure that knew that Madison is full of quality restaurants with professional servers, managers and owners and that I will never go to Madison Melting Pot again-it has never been about the amazing food there (it's fondue!), but rather the amazing treatment and fun that used to be protocol for their customers-and based on the fact that Ladies Night used to be packed full and reservations nearly impossible, I did find it interesting that I was able to make same day reservations and when while there I also found it strange that so many tables sat empty-I think that MP has made some very poor decisions in staff changes, in food quantity changes and has alienated more former loyal customers than just me! If they were smart, they would go back to doing it the way it used to be :(
Been here a few times. Never disappointed. A little more expensive then I like to spend so I don't get to go much. But you never leave hungry. 
I don't think id ever go unless I had a coupon but when I do I try to find a way to go. 
Staff has been friendly in all visits.
very expensive for what you get. Also, not sure if this review will show up as YELP seems to remove bad reviews, for a price. Was not impressed with this place. service was slow, food was just ok, nothing special
I did not enjoy this place. They crammed six of us into a small booth, the waiter was sweaty and had to hover over us to do everything and it wasn't even good fondue. They bring the cheese out in bowls and mix it in front of you...the cheese looked like it came out of a package like you'd buy at a grocery store - perfectly rectangular and clearly not freshly grated. I've made better fondue at home for a lot less money. And a lot less time. It turned into an almost 3-hour ordeal just to leave still hungry. 

If you have the time to drive and you really want a good fondue, go to the New Glarus Hotel.
This place isn't what it is all hyped up to be. I've been here 2 times total. The first time was when my boyfriend took me and had set up their special romance package ahead of time. That includes a dozen roses, Champagne and two flute glasses, four-course Big Night Out® meal, picture in a pewter frame, private booth for two with curtains for $150.  Though I do not believe there were any roses and we did not get a picture in a pewter frame either. We did enjoy their cheese fondue (we chose the spinach and artichoke). Their wedge salad wasn't anything special. 
Our least favorite parts of the 4-course meal was the entrée. They give you 4-5 different meats that you cook for yourself in the pot if boiling water in the middle of your table. Each item cooks at different lengths, which my boyfriend disliked because the instructions were long and confusing. After we'd cooked all the meat and eaten we were very disappointed. There was hardly any flavor to it unless you dipped it in one of the 8 sauces they give you. 
The dessert was our favorite part of the meal, though we wouldn't go as far as to say it was phenomenal by any means. 
All in all this experience was not worth the price tag.
My most recent visit was for their "Girls Night Out" on Mondays. Food-wise the experience was the same but the price was better! And the best of all was their signature drinks. I would go back for their martini's, though they aren't strong they are delicious!
My first experience with melting pot was dinner at the original melting pot opened by the Johnston brothers in Tallahassee in 1979. It was wonderful. The food was fresh and plentiful, furnishings unpretensious, servers genuinely eager to please. And affordable. WOW - have things changed. My last trip was $150 and I left feeling taken. The charm is gone, replaced by modern day greed. Small portions seved in an atmosphere designed to squeeze out every penny.  Now I enjoy my fondue at home. Such a shame.