This diner is totally ghetto (extra-shabby strip mall, horrible decor, and absolutely zero effort made to be a "nice" place), but I keep going back because their wings are so damn yummy. I think their buffalo sauce is laced with heroin.

A couple of tips: 
- Go there with the idea in your head of getting it to go. If you go there with the plan of eating it there, you'll probably change your mind before the food is even ready.
- Use the drive-through if nobody else is in it already, otherwise park your car and go inside. They don't take your order until you get to the window (no intercom) and at about 5 minutes/car, you don't want to line up for that.

It should also be said that they don't have a liquor license and it's 100% wrong to serve wings without beer, but I'll overlook that since this is strictly a to-go place for me and I have beer in my fridge.
My Dad used to make fun of me whenever I would bring these wings home. Having been raised on a chicken farm he would go on and on about how those wings must have come from sick chickens because they weren't very meaty compared to say... wings from Native New Yorker. 

He's not entirely wrong. They aren't extremely meaty wings, but they are relatively cheap. You can walk out the door with their special, it's 6 dozen wings for roughly $25 or roughly .35 cents a wing. 

But price isn't why people go there. It surely also isn't the facilities since they are truly abysmal and more than a tad bit scary unless it's high noon and you go with a friend. 

The reason people eat these wings is because the sauce must have been created on Mount Olympus to give the Gods their hot wing fix. I swear it's so good you almost want to lick the container once all of the wings are gone. I've actually saved the sauce for use later to put on other food I cook at home! It's just that good!

I can only vouch for the Medium sauce though, as I don't get into the Hot or Suicide flavors. I like being able to taste things for the 24 hours after I eat my wings... 

Highly recommended if you don't mind packing heat to get in and out of the place. Or maybe a Taser.
I hadn't been here for a while, but I just happened to be driving down Alma School and absolutely had to stop.

Anyhow, Doug W.'s review is right on. The place is scary looking and the wings aren't all that meaty, but the sauce on these wings are wowowowow good. It could contain all the trans-fats in the world for all I know and I still wouldn't care. 

This is still a strictly to-go place in my book.
I go here when Buffalo Wild wings is packed full of sports folk. Their wings are good and decently priced. The building is very small and hard to spot from the road. If you are a food snob then this probably isnt the place for you. 

Every time my husband and I have been here the staff was very friendly. 

Beware of the restrooms!
This is a to-go wing place with a DRIVE THRU.  Yeah, man, you can just, like, drive through and get a dozen wings.  The added bonus to this not-having-to-get-out-of-your-car trend is that the wings are actually not bad.  They're not restaurant style phenomenal, but they're descent for the price.  I prefer the honey hot since the extra hot are more like mild to me, so I go for flavor.  They're tiny little wings, like half the size of an Oregano's wing, but the sauce is essentially tasty and again, YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET OUT OF YOUR CAR. 

I've never eaten there, and I probably never will. The place is uncomfortable and muggy, always turned to the Spanish channel or Fox news on the little TV's.  What I noticed about this place is that calling in an order ahead of time doesn't matter, they still don't cook it until you get there.  Which is fine, but sort of odd.  In fact, I feel as though I've waited LONGER when I call in an order rather than just gone to the drive through. 

The fries are not bad, but you have to salt them yourself because I don't think they salt them.  Also fine, but sort of odd.

The service is usually prompt and helpful though the employee appears to be a 13 year old boy.  Fine, yet odd. 

This is not a bad place for some cheap, tasty to-go wings and also, man, YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET OUT OF YOUR CAR.  In honor of this, sometimes my comrad and I just sit in the car and eat our wings to see how disgusting and white trashy we can get.
When compared to Buffalo Wild Wings or Wingstop the only up those places have on this joint is the atmosphere. This place is perfect for to-go orders and they even have a drive thru. You get 12 wings for around $5.50. They offer a special too of about 75 wings for $27 if you need to fill a boatload of peeps.  they also have hamburgers, hotdogs, fries, fried zucchini and salads. They have about 5 ,levels of hot, a honey hot(which is finger licking good) and a honey bbq.  i thought it was odd that their wings only came with carrots no celery...never have I gotten wings without celery. Besides that wings were very good and the sauce makes them addicting.
this place is amazing try the fried mushrooms and wings with ranch and be blown away..........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have been a customer here for 4 years. It is soo good! I am extremely picky about my hotwings, and this place hits the nail on its head. Crispy, yet juicey; spicy, yet savory! And a dozen wings fries and a large drink for about 7 dollars! I will make the drive for this place anyday:) They have really good hot dogs as well! It may look like a whole in the wall restaurant, but they got their recipes straight
Gross...cockroaches crawling around floor!!  This place is nasty and the wings were dry, as though they had been sitting out for a couple hours!  Will never go back!!
I'm new to the area (though not really to Mesa), and so far, I'm not too big a fan of the Alma School/Southern part of town. I ended up going to this place because my friend blackmailed me into driving to get wings for him. I'm glad to report that, in spite of everything, these guys know what they're doing, and for being such a small business in a rougher part of town, they're doing the hot wing god's work.

I walk in the door and got a bit concerned because there wasn't anyone to help me at the counter. However, it looked like they were super busy, so I just chilled and watched the basketball game on their nice TV. It was relatively well-air conditioned, and such. I got helped within like, two minutes. She was nice. If you all are into hot wings, it seems like a decent family location, but when I was there around seven, it was one family and two guys just munching down and watching said game. It's a little chode-y, but the atmosphere beats Buffalo Wild Wings HANDS DOWN (goodness, I hate that place).

I ordered two "orders" of the hot wings and an XL drink, and it came out to around $15. Not bad at all, right? Which led me to be pretty skeptical about the wing quality. On my way back into my place, I got compliments from the neighbours about how good the wings smelled. They truly did smell amazing. 

I usually keep vegetarian, and I even had to try one. I have to admit, they're really good. They could have been hotter, however; we'll be ordering the X-Hot next time we go.

I did have to wait like, ten minutes or so to get my wings, but I'll attribute that to the fact that they have a drive-thru. If you're in a rush, perhaps that's the way to go.
After reading several reviews and feedback from my husbands co-workers, I was eager to give this place a try. I am sad report this is without a doubt the most horrific wing joint I have frequented in some time. My entire family are avid wing eaters and to think we drove from Chandler to Mesa anticipating award winning wings it angers me!!!!! I have had better wings from the frozen food section at the local grocery store.  If you are serious wing eaters, I suggest you stay clear of this place! The wings, burgers, and frozen battered mushrooms were all below average, I wouldn't feed them to my dogs!!!!!
Some of the best wings I've ever had! The hot are my fav, and the staff is always friendly!
Drive about 30 mins to come here once a month or so. Love their honey hot wings. Yeah, the wings are pretty small but the sauce is the best. Better than natives honey hot sauce. The reason my girlfriend and I keep going back is for their cheese sticks. They're probably just frozen out of a bag but oh are they crispy and delish. Best cheese sticks in town. I'm not from the area so it is a little "ghetto" but we usually come here for lunch and it's never bad. Plus the guy working the front with glasses is nice and memorizes our order now. Will continue to support this little goodie shop, the only problem is the price of gas to get there.
THE BEST WINGS YOU WILL EVER EAT! EVER!  

They are so incredibly good they melt in your mouth.  These owners are LITERALLY the inventors of the Honey Hot flavor that people are now enjoying all across the nation...  They're the original creators of Long Wong's, which since they left, they're not the same.. 

Wings Express is bomb.  Their wings are smaller, cause they invest more in their flavor than their size, which I couldn't care less about.. Their wings are just so good.
I love food, love it... And this place is rad.

The only downside is their location.  With all the scary people in that area, it kinda makes me not wanna go there as much...
This place has the best wings! My fav is the honey hot. I've been going here for years. A year and a half ago, I moved to California and whenever I come back to Arizona I have to stop by for my wings. Today, I go thru the drive thru and order 2 orders of the honey hot, headed back to the freeway because we're heading home and realize that we only got one order. We had to turn around, go back to complain and the girl that took our order tells us that she only charged us for one, then if the fact that they charge a "convince" fee for using a card isn't bad enough, they want to charge us it again when they inconvenienced me. I mean, come on... Take an accurate order. Do your job! Plus she went and got the owner and he was a jerk. Talking over us and arguing with us. They have lost my business. Making a mistake on an order is forgivable but having poor customer service is unacceptable.
Absolutely amazing wings. The honey hot were the best I've ever had. They have a simple menu and having a drive thru option which means I'll definitely be visiting again soon. Don't let the area or the appearance fool you!
This is my go to place for honey hot wings! They definitely have ANY place beat when it comes to their wings. Couple of things you'll notice tho: 
1. they charge extra for using debit or credit...strike! with all the business this place does, they should be able to absorb any extra charges for using their debit/credit machine and still come out ahead.
2. if you look at the menu board, it says an order of wings is 10-12 wings (??)
I don't know of any place that gives you an approximate amount of wings lol...most places in fact charge by the piece.
But mind you, the wings are delicious! I'm not sure about rest of the menu, so you will have to try those out for yourself.
Never ever fry frozen wings. I am from Buffalo and the wings are never fried frozen. The meat was tough and not succulent.
Have been going to this AH-SO for year's way before it got popular, you have to go in at the right time now if you don't like to wait. I like this one better than the one on 75th ave food wise it is better. I will write another review on that location for more detail's.The staff is alway's friendly although I can't say that for the waitress last night she didn't seem that interested in keeping us happy despite the $180 that was spent. My friend tipped her $25 he is very generous, if she would have paid more attention it probably would have been $50 but I digress...on to the food!! 

I go mainly for the sushi, it is excellent! I am extremely  picky and like Ikura (Salmon Roe) it is alway's delicous and fresh here which is very rare around here. The specialty dish called Lobster Dynamite is to die for if you can afford it at $20, it's a must! The tuna titaki is oh so very melt in your mouth good and the green mussel's are also a fav of mine, perfect every time! For drinks I like their specialty Samaurai for a fruity but not too sweet drink umbrealla and all. The plum wine is very good there too if you dont want the traditional beer & sake.

We went teppanyaki last night I had the Calamari Steak dinner, my partner's in crime had the Chef Special (lobster and filet) he alway's has this fer teppanyaki, and the other had AH-SO special (shrimp/steak combo) all dinners come with soup/salad/fried rice/veggies I like the soup here it's not too salty like some miso's are and I always eat my salad too, the dressing is yummy. Plenty of food we can never eat it all and need a box. Teppanyaki is a fav for b-day's they sing and beat the drum while they bring you a tasty fruit boat. They also take your pic and you can put it up on their wall or take it with you

The staff is very friendly there. There is a huge pond fountain thing complete with koi and tiny trurtle in the center that seperates the teppanyaki tables from the dinner tables and sushi bar so you have your 3 choices. I have a 5 yr old and she love's the water feature, they even let her feed the koi at times. All in all you can't go wrong here with the food!!
This place is Ah-So good and tons of fun. I think it's a little more expensive than it should be but I still go every few months or so. Great sushi and good food.
This place has horrible service, I'm not sure if they are racist to their own race or what their problem is. They gave us miso soup without spoons, which is fine because some places do that, but when I asked for spoons they said, "that's how to drink miso, without spoons." I don't know what else to say really, a restaurant can't even give me spoons because I asked for some? And when she told me this, she had this attitude like I am crazy because I asked for something outrageous or something. Ridiculous I tell you, I've never been back and never will. The sushi was decent, but by that time I was too irritated to care.
FANTASTIC Teppan Steak and Sushi.

There isn't much more that I can say that others haven't. This place is clean and friendly, good atmosphere, the prices are...well...sushi prices.

The Teppan table is a show in itself, the steak and calamari are both outstanding, but the sushi bar is wonderful as well.

Order yourself a sake bomber and a Tempura roll--best sushi roll on any menu I have ever had. It is essentially a Philly roll that has been tempura battered and flash fried, then drizzled with a sweet soy sauce. The thing is practically a dessert, you must try it.
I have tried many sushi bars in Phoenix but as far as the quality, this location is the best I've had. I was at their location on 75th ave and have to say, the service there was much worse than this location. I took one star away because this place is kind of a dive and needs a facelift...however, that does not reflect the quality of their food. The staff is friendly and attentive. I saw a few negative reviews regarding the service. I wonder if maybe they were short staffed that day or if those people were too demanding. I've never had an issue with service here. I really wish that there were more of a variety of rolls. What they have is pretty traditional. The cucumber eel roll is probably my favorite here. There are a couple more sushi restaurants I haven't tried out yet but so far this is the best.
Came here on a Tuesday night recently and I was quite impressed.  The sushi was great and enjoyed the ambiance with the waterfall in the middle of the restaurant.  I'd give this place 5 stars only if they updated the place a little.  

Overall I'd say check this place out and give it a shot.  Next time I will do the teppanyaki and see if that lets me overlook the outdated decor to push this place to 5 stars.
After initially trying their location on 75th Ave., my family and I came to this location near 59th and Bell. It is a small location with 4 teppanyaki grills, approximately 5 tables, and a sushi bar. 

There is a large fountain running in the middle of this restaurant and if they ever decide to expand, they may want to get rid of it. However, it was a nice feature that entertained my 4-year-old niece throughout dinner. Even though the decor is not modern and inviting, the place is clean and decent in appearance.

If you plan on dining here during peak times, I encourage you to plan ahead and make reservations. It fills up quickly and they do not have much of a waiting area (most people were sitting outside on the benches and it was very cold). 

The food was delicious and the service was very attentive. They serve miso soup for all dinners, even for sushi orders. I enjoyed every bite of each sushi piece. It tasted well rolled and fresh. My mom doesn't care for sushi at all, but really enjoyed the teppanyaki chicken. For all three of us and one beverage, it ended up being approximately $60.
While I wanted to try some place new this time out I had to compromise. The Happy Valley location was brought up and I begged and pleaded to come to this location instead I am really glad we ended up back here again. There was 5 of us including my daughter and niece that cant sit still for 5 minutes. We sat down for Teppanyaki and started everything off with sushi. I still highly recommend the Samurai drink its made nice and strong just how I like it! So this place is now owned by one of the chefs and his gorgeous wife. I cant remember their names I'm really bad at that after some alcohol. I can however remember food and I had THE best roll EVER!!! It was a chefs special and it was the RED roll sooo frign good. Spicey and not sure if I'll have any other roll again. It was gorgeous see pics. I will not go to another Ah-So location this is it the best folks! It may not be huge like the one on Happy Valley but it will leave a great taste in your mouth!!

My niece of 8 yrs loved it by the way she had never been!
I have eaten here twice and both times the rice and chicken were fantastic. The cooking performance was entertaining both times I was here. I cannot give it a five because of the charge incurred for splitting a plate.
Love it.  Went with my baby boy aged 12 mo. and husband.  Wonderful welcome.  Great sashimi.    Friendly owner and lovely wife.  Will go back again and again.
The sushi here is actually pretty good but in the two times dining in, the service was very slow and the orders were wrong. As for carryout, don't bother. I have ordered 5 carryout orders and all were either wrong or not even submitted to the kitchen when I arrived 30 min later. This is one of the only sushi places in the area but I drive to Sakana instead due to the poor service here. Bummer when the food is pretty good.
I went with my only friend who will get sushi with me (the rest of my friends are wusses).  We had actually wanted to go to Fresh Wasabi, but they were closed for some reason.  So we went to Ah-So and I'm so glad we did.  If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.

I've had good sushi before.  But this stuff was legen- wait for it- dary.  We went three times now, and I've not had one single item that hasn't been extraordinary.

Unfortunately, I didn't get a menu, and I'm having a hard time remembering exactly what we've ordered.  I remember the Booty Booty roll, the dynamite roll, a tempura roll with cream cheese and salmon, and a second climax roll.  Something else with jalapeno that was wonderful.

We asked the very nice waitress for suggestions and she did not disappoint.  The presentation was just beautiful.  I'm so glad to find a great sushi place on the west side of town!
This is the original ah so and this should be the only one cause the others dont compare. Everyone here is so nice almost to nice if thats possible. I have been going here for years and I have been here three times in the last month. I always sit at the teppan table and get filet and shrimp and order a sushi roll. Everytime I go I create my own roll and just tell them what I want in it and they always make it just the way I was seeing it or even better. The miso soup here has beef broth in it. Its so good. It seems like most places are just chicken stock miso. All the teppan chefs are great and do all the teppan table tricks as usual like the volcano onion and flick a shrimp in your mouth with there spachula. They have $5 saki bombers for happy hour and always have some kind of special going on like special sushi rolls and entrees. They have a pound in the middle of the dinning area with small koi fish in it. I have never had a bad meal here ever.
This place is awesome! It's the original location and so friendly! The waitress, hostess and chef all quickly made friends with us and checked in often to make sure all was great. We went for a birthday dinner and their birthday song/ceremony was pretty sweet (with drums, singing and a tasty birthday platter). Upon leaving the hostess remembered our customizations, asked how they were and even sent us off with handshakes and hugs. Such a great place (did I say that already?). It's kind of a small place but the ambience is great and the food was really good. Cadie (our 3 year old) had so much fun watching the chef and almost caught one of those flying pieces of chicken in her mouth. I had sashimi (even though everyone else had the chef prepared-in-front-of-you meal) and everything was super good. We will definitely be back as soon as possible. It's so nice to make friends with the crew so quickly. I can't wait to return! :)
This is the original.  Do not be fooled by other imitation chain Ah So's.   Quality food with staff that remembers you from previous visits.  We have been going here for over 10 years and are still big fans.
Cool place to hang out with a group of friends and enjoy sushi and a SUPERB price.  The rolls were big and only $3, I wish this place was closer to my side of town because I'd be there every weekend.  The waitress was so friendly and down to earth, I cant emphasize enough how great the food was and the price of everything made it THAT much better!  

I'd go again!
Went to Ah-So last night for the first time. Took advice from other reviewers and drove right past the location on Happy Valley and proceeded to this one. What a wonderful experience it was! Good service, the owner and his wife welcomed us personally... and the food was great. I had the Filet, Shrimp and Chicken Teppanyaki combo; my dining partner had the lobster, scallop and shrimp combo. The young grill master (Terry) was funny and quite adept with the tools of the trade. The filet was my favorite - it was like buttah. Just melted in your mouth. The scallops were cooked perfectly. It was a mountain of food and now we have dinner for tonight. Just one thing could have been better - we waited for our second hot sake order. But Terry saved the day and ran over to the bar himself and filled the order. Over and Above... We are looking forward to returning to this little jewel!
Still loving this place!  The hostess always greets us with welcoming smiles and remembers us - every time.  The owner always comes around to say hello to the customers and are always engaging in smiles and welcoming.

The fish and turtle pond is so neat.  My boy loves to look inside and so do all of the other little kids there.  All staff is warm and friendly with the children.  We usually go there just for sushi, but we see lots of customers having fun with teppanyaki.  

The sashimi platters are amazing as well as the special rolls.  We are always impressed with the portions and freshness of the sashimi.  LOVE the happy hour.  

Everything is just always 5 star.  Will go back again and again.
We have been going to ah-so for years. We have always liked it but it is even better with the new owners. The owners are very hands on. The remodel makes it feel more spacious. Sushi is fresh and everything I have tried on the menu has been fantastic. Not one bad thing to say about this place. Oh, the filet is the best in town.
Took my Fiancé here as she loves sushi -- I don't enjoy it, but you have to bend sometimes. I didn't eat the sushi, but let's just say she left a third of the plate there. I ordered chicken and shrimp w/ white rice and vegetables. I didn't know five ounces of oil came with my food -- I ended up using the rice to soak the oil from the food. My Fiancé and I are having real stomach discomfort and haven't felt well since about two hours after we ate... I think it was the oil for me, but her issues are worse then mine and it's been a rough evening for her. Beware-- if you eat oil by the spoonful you'll be good... just hope my Fiancé feels better.
Bomb Japanese food ever!!! Pocholo has been always great to my friends familly and I. He is always professional at what he does. customer service is great, food is great, and the place all around is the best place that i have ever been to. I highly recomend ah so and if you do go there talk to Pocholo.
Horrible service!!! Had to get up to get my own water refill, wasabi, & ginger. Management was watching the Laker's game the whole time we were eating dinner. Our waiter disappered for 40 minutes. When we asked the bus boy for more water he refused to get it. I waited 40 minutes for my 6 pieces of sashmi. 
Overall management is out to lunch. Servers are rude and easily annoyed. 
The only positive was Chris behind the sushi bar. I hopes he moves onto a better establishment where he will earn more money!! 
Do NOT go here!!!
FOOD POISONING. 

I have been here numerous times and the service has always been great but the food, especially the sushi is always dissappointing. 

I went here recently with my friends and two of them were sharing sushi and both ended up with horrible food poisoning and were out of commission for two days. 

I would NEVER eat at this place if I were you.
My fam and I love this Ah-so THE BEsT, out of all of them. It is small and inviting. We like the sushi here better than other locations and the food seems to be better here, too. mmmm, mmmmm, mmmm... craving it now.
I could literally eat here every day! I've never had a bad meal or bad service here...nuff said!
By far this is the best sushi ever! The service is also great. We drive all the way from central Phoenix  there just to enjoy some quality food. Last night we sat where they serve teppanyaki and our chef cooked our food to perfection and offered us a great show as well. Don't forget to tip your chef if you sit where they cook teppanyaki. Our friend had his birthday and we asked for the birthday dessert. That song was the real deal! Highly recommend this place.
So I show up with some friends at 9:48 fully expecting to not be served, considering they close at 10. Not only did they seat us and serve us, they were friendly, the food was amazing, and they honored a coupon that we didn't even have printed out. Great Sushi, Great Service, and the lady who works there is really pretty.
Fast, friendly service.
Awesome sushi.
Not too shabby price.
I really enjoyed my dinner at Ah-So. Sushi is definitely an acquired taste for me and I'm frankly still in the process of fully acquiring it. So while I happy to try something outside my usual culinary experiences, I was thrilled to learn that they also offered Tepanyaki-style cooking (I REFUSE to go to Benihana!!!)

To get the best of both worlds, we had sushi as an appetizer which I found quite enjoyable. The highlight of my meal however was Tepanyaki with filet mignon and scallops. The scallops were delicious-some of the best I've had and the filet was grilled to medium rare tenderness just like I like it.  The chef put on an amazing show grilled everything before our eyes.

It was a great night and at $28 for the Tepanyaki, it was a great deal considering the quality and quantity of food.

I will definitely be back!
One of my new favorite places in Phoenix. All the Ah-So's are a chain but they do not all offer the same food choices. I really enjoyed a California roll, the tepanyaki show, and left overs. Delicious miso soup, salad, fried rice, veggies, chicken, steak, and shrimp. The sauces for each were also pretty good. I even had enough food left over for 1.5 more meals. Awesome sushi happy hour prices as well (as low as $2). I really enjoyed the beautiful waterfall separating the two aspects of the restaurant. Hope to come back soon!
CHEAP Tepanyaki lunch.  My kids were thrilled by the show.  They could not do it gluten free except in the kitchen.  Would not be good for a vegetarian that doesn't want the food to mix on the table.  Would go again.  The place was almost empty though?!
They don't honor coupons from "Coupon Clipper" app.  They require the coupon to be printed. Not cool. I won't be back.
Excellent!  Great food and outstanding service!  Thank you yelpers, I didn't even know it existed!
The Teppanyaki is fantastic and how can you go wrong with Saki Bombers!!
Mmmm, so dericious! they are always so nice, quick & our dinner is always fast. Happy hour is amazing & affordable!
My son loved the sushi the portions are huge !!!
Traveling on business, we decided to try his place.  Service was very good as was the meal.  Had the steak, chicken and shrimp with fried rice.  The meal was prepared and cooked perfectly and the portion size was excellent.  Would definitely go back.
We had a late lunch here the day after Christmas. Staff was very friendly and service was great. Sushi was fresh and large portions. If I ever return to the Phoenix area I'll be there again.
The owners are very rude.. food is OK..not the best
Went there for my daughters birthday and she loved it. We finished our meal tipped the cook at our table paid and was outside talking when the waitress came out and complained we didn't tip her enough cause half her tip goes to the cook. Are you kidding me how is that my problem. And when was it ok to follow customers outside and ask for more money. I was so pissed and shocked that I will never go back to that place again.
Very good. Sushi was awesome. Portions are big. Pretty clean and friendly. Good sushi roll selection. Half bar/ Half Benny Hana style restaurant.  Ahhhh-sooooo!  Wudjew call me?
I was not a fan of their food.  Overpriced for the quality, which was so-so. We got the garlic edamame and sushi rolls.  The sushi was not impressive.  The alcoholic beverages were also so-so, I even ordered liquor in my drink that was not house.  I would recommend finding another place if you are a sushi lover, it may be better for people who want non-sushi.
Mediocre at best. Felt as though staff rushed us.  Didn't even complete our meal. Rolls were loose and fell apart before we could get them to our mouths. We've had sushi in the best and also most unlikely places and had better. Will not return.
The food was fresh and delicious.  Much needed sushi fix.  Pleasant, unrushed lunch.
We've been looking for a teppanyaki place in our neck of the woods but were a little leery of this place from the old "drive by" since it's in a strip mall in an older building.  This was nonsense however, because inside the place ended up being pretty interesting and delightful.  Sure, it's an older building but the place seemed really clean, the bathrooms were well kept and here's the BONUS - they got the long fountain / fish pond working and filled with fish (and turtles!).  It's quite unique - check out the pics here on yelp.

We came for teppanyaki and were seated right away and only had to wait a few minutes for the other half of the grill table to fill up.  My husband opted for sushi instead and ordered a rainbow roll.  He said it was good, not the best he'd had, but that it was pretty sizeable and filled him up.

My daughter and I had teppanyaki - she ordered shrimp and I had steak & lobster - yum!  (c'mon this was a Mother's Day celebration...)  The chef was really young but he was quite funny and obviously talented.  He was flipping rice clumps into our mouths (I caught it - yay!) lighting onion volcanoes, tossing prank eggs at us (empty shells) and making Nemo jokes - my daughter loved it!  He cooked everything really well and made the evening so special.  

They sang for about 4 birthdays while we were there, they were enthusiastic and the birthday havers seemed really ecstatic - they brought some special fruit plate type of desert thing out.

The ice tea wasn't so good but the turtles made up for that - let's hear it for turtles!
Five stars is not something that happens often. However we had a great date night here. Sitting at the teppanaki table we got jokes, showmanship, and amazing food. Real deal. Delicious fresh food and wonderful chef.
Love this place.. Most of the chefs are really entertaining and they cook the food really well. We usually get the chicken and shrimp and also the filet and shrimp... It's always been really good. The owner also usually comes by to make sure the food is good as well and to thank us for coming.
I do keep coming back here...can't call it 5 stars but it's definitely a good place.  Rolls are a (very) healthy size...sometimes a bit too big but hey I'm not complaining.
I'd say I'm a big fan of the spicy tuna roll here (with the shrimp tempura too).  They have a lot of fun choices on their menu so that's definitely a plus.  If only they lowered their prices on the tepanyaki, i'd consider going for that.  Nonetheless, great happy hour that they've got, especially with that spicy tuna roll. Oh, and the guy who makes the sushi is awesome.  He actually listened to me when i said "A LOT of extra ginger" and brought me an entire plate...let's just say I was a happy camper because just about all the other sushi restaurants keep bringing puny little portions and charging extra....so definitely extra bonus points to that guy!
Took a friend here 'cuz she really wanted teppanyaki for her birthday, and the online reviews said this was the best place.  All three of us were very happy and satisfied.  One of or party is vegetarian, and ordered the Mango Roll and Vegetable Tempura, and also received some of the fried rice (and the chef's showmanship) anyway.  Our birthday lady ordered the Filet Mignon and Lobster, and I ordered the Steak and Shrimp.  From the Miso soup, salad, and through the entrees, we loved the flavors and the attention to preparation.  Portions were very generous, and two of us took home leftovers (yum!).  Highly recommend this little restaurant that looks rather humble in its strip mall location (behind the Black Bear Diner, 61st Ave and Bell Rd), and whose inside experience is wonderful.
Just ate here last night with my hubby and little sister! 

Me and hubby had the filet and shrimp and as a table we shared a roll of sushi and a squid salad. My little sister ordered Mango shrimp. 

We loved our dishes, the steak is so tender, it really melts in your mouth! 

My sister had a bad experience with her mango shrimp, she did not like the taste of it, as it was a unique flavor, but the staff there was amazing! The chef offered to remake her something else, but at that point we were already there for awhile and she was tired. He called over what I assume was the manager? She asked personally if we wanted anything remade and was very nice and professional about it! 

I normally do not write reviews, but thought this deserved it because of the way we were treated and it really is refreshing when so many places have lost the concept of customer service. They went above and beyond to make sure everything was ok! 

The location looks small from the outside, but give it a try, the food is excellent and the service is even better . 

5 stars for sure !
Love Ahso!!! Favorite place to go. Happy hour at 9;00 has best prices for fabulous food. I don't eat rice so I had them replace with soy paper and it was delicious... Awesome food and service. Great for little get togetherness with friends or date. They have a DJ on Saturday nights. No dancing but good atmosphere.
This is our absolute fav place to go to! Great service! Great food! Great sushi by far!! We really love this place!!
This specific location is my favorite place to eat.  The food is outstanding and the owner has never failed to greet our table.  For the record I do have a horrible addiction to sushi and they do not disappoint.  The newer locations are good but I prefer the "hole in the wall/ma and pa" places and this location just feels more authentic to me.  We have been having my birthday dinners here for the last 17 years and that tradition will continue!
This was great place to go.  My suggested it and it was awesome.. They sat us in the back and it was a bit chilly but the staff was warm and inviting and fast... Drinks were out within minutes... they asked if it was ok if another couple sat with us... That was nice to have to the option... and yes the more the merrier... 

We had the steak, scallops and chicken.. All cooked to perfection after watching  fresh fried rice be made in front of our eyes... It rocked... Lots of zucchini, mushrooms, broccoli and other veggies... I did wish to have a taste of green pepper however I do understand the economics of that veggie...

the broth was excellent as an appetizer and so were the eggrolls... 

I would recommend anyone near Glendale to try it, the humourous chef was worth it....
Amazing sushi. My family (extended included) have been coming here for years and it's never disappointed. The School Bus roll and the Vegas roll are our favorites. The teppanyaki is always delicious as well. The atmosphere is so fun and is great for casual dining or for a special event. The staff is always very friendly and seem to remember us. Always a great time and always leave satisfied.
We're always looking for a new teppanyaki place, this unfortunately isn't one we will be dying to go back to again. 
First off the hostesses, managers, servers were all phenomenal, from the second we walked in we were impressed with how inviting and kind everyone was. We were off to a great start. 
Where they really dropped the ball was the teppanyaki chef, while the food was good. His presentation was lacking. We brought our 9 year old niece to experience teppanyaki for the first time and she was bored. He did the volcano with the onions and flipped the eggs into his hat but that was the extent of it. 
The whole reason to go to a teppanyaki grill is for the experience, to be wowed and we weren't.
There aren't many good sushi places in glendale, az, but there sure a lot of sushi places within almost every other block around bell rd. 

Went here with a friend for lunch. It was completely empty. We were the only one's there. We ordered a roll, but the sushi quality wasn't that amazing. The fish wasn't at the right temperature and had too much sauce on there. It was just mediocre. 

The highlight of our lunch was that they have turtles in this fake stone pond. I saw something from my periphery and i pointed, my friend turned around and literally screamed, jumped out of her seat. I laughed so hard. The turtle came out of the water and was walking towards my friend by her seat, on top of the rock. The turtle was about 1 ft away from her. 

Tame your turtles! or you'll SCARE away your customers! lol
The service is okay not very friendly but not   necessarily rude. My first visit the sushi was excellent but my second visit it just tasted okay. Im not sure what they did different i order the same exact thing maybe it was just a different chef or maybe the food wasnt as fresh. Either way I most likely will be returning. The happy hour prices are amazing!
I feel like maybe it was just me last time I ate here. I went today and it was great! The atmosphere is okay along with the service! But you cant beat the happy hour prices.
Great place for a date... The steak is amazing! !  Shrimp dishes are cooked to perfection. .. they have great deals on sushi during happy hour after 8:pm... I keep going back.
Absolutely fantastic. Reminded me of a hibachi place in New York we used to go to very often, apparently it's called teppanyaki out here. Chefs are friendly and fun, everything comes out cooked perfectly, always juicy and delicious and well seasoned. Their ginger sauce is excellent as well. Only issue is the soda tastes flat, but come before 6 and take advantage of happy hour specials. $5 sake bombs, and not just a single. Enough for about 4 bombs worth, with leftover beer (they give you the larger bottles).
Sushi was really delicious and the special rolls came out to around $10 at lunch.

The sushi chef could work a little on the packing and cutting of the sushi. The individual rolls were too large and hard to hold. 

However, everything tasted amazing and the ingredients were fresh. Service was solid. I did see the sushi chef a piece of garbage behind the sushi counter when no one was looking- thought it was a bit unprofessional.
Well if there was zero I would give that as my rating. Just had an 8:30 reservation and showed up and they told us it would be a 20 minute wait. What is the point of a reservation?
Ah-so was just so.  We enjoyed our lunch and it was nice to sit next to the little pond.  But next time, for money, I'd pop down the street to Sushi Catcher.  The fish is fresher and they have fresh wasabi.
Visited on a Saturday night. 
Kind of a dive, but I say that because it is older and it shows. If you like fu fu up-scale teppanyaki, go somewhere else.
If you like great,  food, drink and service go to this location.
Of the five of us there we had the filet combos with scallops, chicken and shrimp. 
Everything was excellent. 
The service was amazing. She filled our non-alcoholic beverages before we even noticed they needed filled. Our adult beverages were delivered quickly after ordering. She was very busy, but I never felt neglected. 
I have been another location with the same name, but not same owners. I did not know that when I made reservations and only picked this one to come to because it had more and better Yelp reviews (Thanks everyone!). Our chef was named Cheko(?) and made sure we had a great show and awesome food. 
I have one complaint...
They brought extra shrimp to the table (I think...extra) and he cooked and tossed them to the other diners who ordered the the combo without shrimp.
When it comes to food, DO NO share my portions with someone else. Even if they are extra, that is NOT my perception. Either knock it the %#$@ off or give me a scallop that I did not order to even it out. LOL ;-)

However, my buddy made the same comment after we left. So I there is some angst behind the humor. Next time I guess I'll order scallops and get a free shrimp.

We all said we would be back, and we will.
Still great, after all of these years.

Wish they had cold draft saki.  It's expensive to order the bottles.
Great service. Great sushi. Very good prices and a good happy hour menu. We didn't sit at a chefs grill table, but next time I think we will. We saw them bust out some crazy moves, including flipping an egg into his front pocket.
One of my favorite places to go and eat.  I could honestly eat here 3 times a week, getting the Vegas roll and I'd be a happy camper.

I always take all of my friends here if they've never heard about it and we always go during happy hour.  It's insane the volume of food and drinks you can get for pratically pennies.

I'm very picky about my sushi places and this is hands down the best place I've been to and I've been to sushi in Boston, LA, Hollywood, Las Vegas, and Miami.  You'd think desert sushi would be gross because it's not as fresh but this place is even better then the stuck up scottsdale restaurants.
I love this place! I try something new every time I go and I love everything! Service is great. Happy hour specials are great. Definitely recommend.
Every time we come here the owner greets us... we have sake bombs and great food .... the filot minion and spicy chicken are delicious .. come early cause it gets packed !
Dear Reviewers reading,
I thought this place was amazing! it was so cute and little and has a lot of the best sushi and Japanese foods. I had a hard time finding Yakisoba here in the valley but this place makes it and it was so delish! My dear that went with me order tons of sushi and he knows good sushi since that's all he eats, he loved it and said it was very good. We both loved our foods and the service was so nice. We had a waitress and she made sure everything was right. Even with a big table and a couple other tables full she still made her rounds in time and helped serve everyone.
Food is extremely salty. The california roll has too much mayo. I cant sleep my chest hurts from all the sodium. Seems like during happy hour the chef just doesnt give a shit about how the food looks and tastes. Service is awful too, sat and waited for 20 min after meal to get our check. All around a shitty experience. Feels like im having a heart attact
We love the chef cooking on the teppan grill right in front of us.  They serve enough food for you to have another meal with the leftovers.  The food tasted great and the vegetables were better than the chicken!  The shrimps are highly recommended if you don't want to go vegetarian.  We can't wait to go back here!
Been going here for a couple years now. The first discovery was the chicken bowl and beef bowl, for 5.95 the chicken bowl is a 10/10! I get Siracha on the side and a whole fresh jalepeno to really set it on fire. Before ah so, the only sushi I've had was the imitation meat from frys lol, and I hated it. Ah So made me like sushi. I get the spicy crab or golden avacado.
Such a fun experience . Took my best friend here and the show was amazing . The chef was personable, and we had great conversation with him while he cooked our food . Not to mention the food was PHENOMENAL. Definitely my new favorite place to go. It's such a fun experience with great quality food
Sushi is good the workers are friendly but when you come at closing they don't seem so happy who would but if you have gone the whole day with a good attitude you should end the day the same way! Food is good they also rush closing is at 11 but you have to order by the time they say.
A good selection of bagels.  Their smear of lite cream cheese, as are their prices, is more than I like.
I usually come here for a dozen of bagels but haven't been here  in 2 months ... service was very slow today, seems like the last couple times i have tried this place has not changed. The bagels were fresh though ... just really slow service. Lot of selection and people behind the counter are friendly. Hope they stream line the process better
This location has nice staff. I like the specialty bagels; spinach and chilies. I prefer the breakfast options at Brooklyn Bros better. This place relies more on the "synthetic",  if you will, eggs, bacon, and sausage and the fresh squeezed orange juice is really minute maid light pulp. But the Nova Lox is good as well as the flavored coffees.
The bagels are always fresh and tasty here.  I LOVE Einstein's coffee, and the bottomless cup that you serve yourself.  My favorite thing about Einstein's is the selection of coffees.  They always have a seasonal roast available (right now it's Autoumn Roast, and it's de-lish!)  Thania and her store's staff are always very friendly.  I love sitting on the tall chairs in front of the window reading or doing my homework.

The only down sides to this store is that it's a bit small, and even if there was wi-fi, there's not an outlet to be found other than the one right by the east door (and they probably wouldn't really dig me plugging in and creating a tripping/lawsuit hazard).  Other than that, a great place to chill and get some great coffee.
The fact that Einstein Bagels is usually massed with patrons in the morning is a sign that the Las Vegas Valley has a need for more bagel shops.
   After living in New York, Einstein Bagels trails behind mom and pop bagel shops in value and quality. For the record Einstein Bagels attempted to go into the New York market, and failed in a couple months. A BLT special with coffee in a New York bagel shop is a great deal less expensive than Einstein Bagels.
  At any rate, this is a good place to have breakfast. It is convenient to Henderson's Galleria Mall business district. Theirs coffee, with unlimited refills, is coffee shop quality. And there is a sufficient amount of vacant parking spaces at the adjoining vacant Borders.
  On this visit they slightly jumped the shark by not letting customers order the $5 BLT special to noon. C'mon. Still it was not much of a jump to lower my rating.
The bagels are really fresh here. I got the 6 cheese bagel toasted with cream cheese. So good! The coffee is really good here too. Staff is very friendly. Will come back next time we are in town!
This store is chilled/cold. The staff love they jobs. Food is muah!
Love this place. The staff is always friendly always greets when arriving. The bagels are always fresh everyday. I love the vanilla hazelnut coffee. Store is always clean. I have been coming here to this store a long time and have seen alot of the employees changed.
What a terrible experience at this one! I have never seen a worse ran store of any type. If you are a regular you get to skip non regular's in line because they walk in the door get their order's made skip you in line and you don't even get asked what you want until that regular has their food and has paid! We were in line before three of these regulars walked in and they had everything and paid before we were spoken to. I called the area manager Rosita and didn't even get a call back, too bad that this area of Einstein's has failed miserably! I was a huge fan of Einstein's in other cities but will never visit another one again. I know these are very strong words, but they are very well deserved!
Einstein's back home in Chicago was great but i have been very disappointed by the Einstein's in this area. Not only in terms of quality of food, but quality of service both of them are horrid here in Las Vegas. I hate to say it but I can no longer rely on Einstein's for a good bagel breakfast.
This review is totally based on service!  I love their bagels!  When they have some made...

There is always a line to the door or out the door.  They only sell bagels so how can you be out of them?  Even plain bagels???  This location is not run very well.  We now drive to the Eastern Ave location instead of going right down the road this much closer location.  It's worth the drive!
Any place with unlimited free refills on coffee can have my undying love. I almost don't want the coffee lovers to find out about this place so I can have it all to myself. The staff here is always super friendly, attentive and accommodating. They even make me smile when I'm feeling the pre-coffee grouchiness! 

The food here is always great. My favorite is probably the asiago cheese bagel but I just tried the Tuscan and it had this great herby, pesto-like flavor. The free wi-fi is a huge plus too. I wish the hours were better though - it closes at 3 PM on Sunday. They could also use some couches... but then I'd probably get way too comfortable here.
the WIFI here has been down 2 of the last three times I've been here over the last month.  I'm using the my hotspot on my phone in a coffee shop, imagine that.   If I can't get WIFI I can't work.  If I can't work, I can't go here.   Reply to this review when the connectivity issues have been resolved and I'll start going there again.   Thanks
One of my vices is a bagel with cream cheese and an ice coffee. That's why I love Einstein's! They have a great deal for $3.99 a bagel with a smear of your choice and a coffee. 

Einstein's has soooo many different bagels it's hard to pick just one sometimes. Some of my favorites are the Pumpernickel bagel, Pretzel bagel and the Garlic bagel. I really enjoy their Garlic and Herb smear. It's reduced fat, but you would never know. If your feeling adventurous i'd suggest the Garlic bagel with a Salmon smear! Yum! If you have a little extra cash I like to indulge in the Nova Lox bagel. It has capers, tomato, thin slices of red onion, lox and a smear. 

As far as drinks go I always get a regular ice coffee. It has unlimited refills! Yay!

Even though they get busy at times the staff is friendly and always do their best to help you. 

If your craving a bagel and your in the area hit up Einstein's. They even have breakfast and lunch bagel sandwiches!
When there is one around me I would eat my lunch there. I love their Italian Chicken Panini. I never really liked bagels that much until I came here. Now I'm addicted! Since then I've eaten almost everything on the menu.
They made me a bagel that they were out of :)
It was super cold ac there during the summer which was good, but couldn't stay inside the store too long without being too cold.
I ordered bagel with strawberry, they put almond .... If you ordered bagel thing they give you regular bagel ???? What happened ?
I love this location and I love the staff! Fav bagel place in vegas
I love the food at Einstein's but the service has been poor on several occasions. I have received the wrong food, cold coffee, had to repeat my order several times, the register was down, the cappuccino machine was down several times, and the wait time is horrible. The system they have in place to take & prepare your orders is very bad. People behind you can often get their food before you do. It seems like a poor management problem. The employees are very nice but don't seem to be very well trained.
Store was freezing. Us and every customer after us had to change their orders because they were out of something. Some customers just left the store. If it were 10 minutes until closing time, I might have understood. But, they had hours until they closed. Food was good, but the last 3 times I have gone to this restaurant there have been issues/problems.
Quick service & friendly staff!
Right between work and home, so I go here if I have time in the mornings to grab a quick breakfast!

I always get their Bagel Thins but I've discovered a new found love for their Power Protein Bar & Spinach Florentine! Sooo good!

3 stars for average, lol. Not bad but not mind blowing either!
First time going, I was happy with the service. Their menu looked delicious,  I got a ham and swiss egg sandwich. I am giving it four stars because I felt the portions aren't as big as they should be, I left still a bit hungry. I would definitely go back because their breakfast options were really good.
Come after the morning rush. We were there around 10:15.  Just after we arrived there a line started to form. The staff we friendly (they knew all the names of the regulars) and the food was pretty good.  One tip, don't get the Odwalla juice.  It's pretty expensive for a little thing.  What else is there to say?  They have great bagels and delicious smears.  Highly recommend if it's your turn to bring in the office breakfast.
The bagels are good, but the service is consistently below average. The last two times I've gone there, there is one girl taking orders and accepting payment. It's been busy both times I've gone in. 

Last time I had to wait for her to take about 6 orders before I could pay. I already HAD my bagel. Today she took an order before mine that was about 6 people, then two other people came after me that we're able to pay before I was able to. 

So after all of this, both times, a manager I'm assuming comes out to help. They need more people in the mornings to make it flow better. It shouldn't take 10 minutes to order and pay for one bagel.
Everytime, my husband and i come to vegas, we can't stop but think about eating at Joy's. The buffet is delicious and the best pinoy buffet in Las Vegas. You get everything (except chicken skin, it's sold for like 3 buxs for a huge ziploc freezer bag) and the ginataag bilo bilo is to die for...............my husband literally had over 10 bowls along with his breakfast buffet. And the price: 6.99. Next year when we go to vegas, Joy wil be the first place we hit. Awesome food and awesome choices.
This place has very authentic Filipino food. So good! Really good! Too good!!!
I think this place is the best Filipino buffet in Las Vegas . I never had a bad dish n the selection of pinoy foods is abundant. It's a small but clean place. The bilo bilo is fantastic, perfect dessert to end your meal. And yes she has a la carte items, topsilog, goto, mami, siopao, sigsig sigsig,  kalderta. and take out 3 items with either rice or pancit: 5.99. This place is a must for any pinoy/pinay to try while in vegas. Eggs are made to order with buffet
I go here very often and have never had a bad sandwich. The veggies are always fresh, the shop is always clean, and the employees are always friendly. Recently they had a new employee, a nice guy in his mid 20's. He is hands down one of the nicest people I've ever met working at Subway. I really hope he get's better pay.
And no I don't know him, he was just SUPER nice! Go see for yourself!
This is a great Subway. The people who work here are so nice and fast and the food is always fresh.
This is Store # 11045 at Pecos and Tropicana right on the corner where the Sunflower Market Mall is.     702-451-0125

This particular Shop is in the top 5% of the nation as far as we are concerned The meats are high quality, well kept and well sliced.  Veggies are definitely fresh, crisp, well cleaned and displayed. The folks who make the Subway Sandwiches are very pleasant and work very fast to give you what you want and how you want it. The shop is always clean and fresh. It makes you confident, happy and proud to be a customer. The Subway Sub Makers actually know my Wife by name and what she is going to order. This is one of the very best in the chain.
Always fresh and a good value.  What makes this particular location 5 stars is the staff, they are always friendly, helpful and fast.  I can't remember a time where I haven't been greeted, served quickly and walked out with exactly what I ordered.
The team here is efficient and very very professional!  This is a great place.

1.  Location - Southwest corner of Trop and Pecos, very easy to get to.

2.  Parking - Not much, perhaps a total of 10 spaces for three stores there.

3.  Ambiance - A typical Subway.

4.  Food choices - A typical Subway, with all the normal meats, cheeses and veggies

5.  Not Typical - What sets this place apart is the quality service.  Just three days ago, I was at another Subway in Henderson ordering a sandwich platter for a meeting and so I have something recent to compare:

a.  Meats - I think they are controlled by this, so nothing special.
b.  Veggies - They really packed these on. Compared to the Henderson one, they went all out.
c.  Service - I was there at 11:15 and one person was before me. When I ordered the platter which is 5 sandwiches,  Then, 5 people came in immediately after me, so they had a very busy time. Immediately two others came out of the back and started helping all the other clients. Excellent way to manage client expectations and a busy load. 
d.  More - They even asked me if I wanted another sandwich for 5.00 more as it will pack the tray that is reserved for the mustard and mayo packs. I did do this and it rounded out the platter nicely.  At the henderson Store, they did not ask and I did not know and the tray looked a bit empty to me and not a nice way to impress the meeting.


6.  Overall - The service here for a chain was tremendous. I recommend this place!

GK says check it out.
I have been to a lot of subway's. 
And my sandwich is always made in the same fashion.

Bread, meat, cheese, veggies.
And then out the door. 

Let me ask, what is better, a sandwich made by your parent, or when you make it yourself?  
My Answer: my grandmother! 

Why? Love! That's why. The care and compassion that goes into food. Some may say, its just a chain , but no! Its the people that work there that make all the difference.
Their food is always great,  only downfall is it seems as if their a bit picky with their portions that they put on their sandwiches.  I always ask for them to put on extra and it's very little.  It's like going to a fastfood and asking for hot sauce and they give you 2 for 4 tacos.  Other than that their flatizzas are always made great,  and that is always what I get from now on due to their stinginess of sauce.
Whoa!  This was an unexpected find for me.  I was in town for business randomly searching around for something to eat and I came across this place by accident.  Good selection of snacks (loaded up for the hotel room).  Not the full blown places like the ones back home, yet It was very cool to run into a place like this out there.
I had no idea this place was here, or what all the had to offer. It's not nearly as big as those Asian megamarts. But for its size, New Tokyo certainly packs in a lot of goods.

Their prices are very fair as well. I think I spent about $15, and got sesame oil, soy sauce, rice vinegar, hoisin sauce, wonton wrappers, panko (99 cents!). The liquids were all BIG bottles too. 

I'm kind of annoyed that we were in a hurry. I could have spent a lot of time in there, buying LOTS of stuff. I guess that means that I'll just have to go back -- shoot.
I have no idea whether there is a Japanese community in this part of town, but New Tokyo would suit one well.  It's rather small, but they have a wide selection of Japanese, snacks, beverages (including my new fave beer, Asahi Black), refrigerated items, staples, etc.  

This is not an Asian market, it's specifically Japanese, so don't expect more than a few crossover items like kimchi.  That being said, sometimes it's good to specialize.  It lets them carry more variety of Japanese products.

The cashier was very friendly when I finally stopped loading my basket long enough to check out.  Like the first reviewer, I loaded up with snacks for the hotel room...along with a six-pack of Asahi Black, of course.  Oh, one more important factor...the prices were quite reasonable, in line with most ethnic market imports...maybe even a bit cheaper than usual.
This is a great market, with a great selection of dry goods as well as foodstuff. The people inside the store are very helpful and are willing to make special orders if you know just what you want. I will admit, I'm puzzled by what the recording says when I walk in/out, and by what some of the stuff says as I have no understanding of how to read ideograms but great place nonetheless. I've been addicted to Ramune since Matsuri festival last year and this is only one of two places I've seen it since. They have a small selection of sake and beer, but most importantly, all the "junk food," spices, noodles, etc. 

do atishi mashite New Tokyo!
This place and Fujiya Market are the only two Asian markets I've found in Arizona so far that's really JAPANESE.  It is a little far away from where I live so I usually end up going to Fujiya Market but IF I need something specific, I usually make my effort to drive up there.  

*Selection in general = this place has more selection than Fujiya Market
*Rice = seems a little cheaper than Fujiya Market
*Japanese videos/DVDs = rentals and for sale

Like Fujiya Market, they don't have fresh fruits or vegetables.
This is a great little shop that has a wide variety of Japanese goods at reasonable prices.  I tend to fall prey to their freezer section where I buy way too many sweets like daifuku and dango.  They have a great selection of condiments, snacks, candy, pantry goods (such as noodles, rice, curry mixes, furikake seasonings), and other groceries such as tofu and frozen seafood.  

In the back, you'll find non-grocery items such as video rentals, stationary supplies, books, dishware, etc.  The owners are quite friendly.  The last time I went, I watched as a first time customer was led around the store according to his shopping list, with the staff member answering all of his questions and explaining the different choices he had.  Awesome customer service!
If you're looking for a real Japanese market, this is the place. The place isn't big and can sometimes be a little expensive, but with so few options in AZ this is #1.
Okay, I keep forgetting about this market on the west side...
I do go here when I do remember instead of Lee Lee & Ranch L Market.
I always load up on basic Japanese cooking supplies; and some fun stuff too.
They used to have a little cafe in back; I do miss it...
Unlike other Japanese markets in the area this one has a good selection and the shelves are always well stocked! The staff and owners are super friendly and helpful and the prices are pretty good. Now If only this was bigger and with an even wider selection it would be perfect!
I would give it five stars, I just did not know what I wanted there. If I knew more about the products I would have wanted more. But, they had what I went for, Green Tea Match! And, they even had the little bamboo whisk to blend it with. I saved on shipping, I was about to order these things online.
Very friendly too. I will be back for sure.
Moved to Prescott 8 months ago. Been Jonesing for some Japanese food supplies and you can't find anything up here in the north. Found this store online and made a trip while going to Scottsdale. Very small store but well stocked for most Japanese eats. Got Soy paper for the wife and got a bunch of other stuff.  Things looked good there, store was clean and people were friendly. I will go back when I need more Japanese cooking supplies.
Do you want authentic Japanese food, drink, little toys, book, free newspaper? Don't waste no time, and come to Tokyo food market. This is Da place!!

I found this place by accident, to my surprise this turns out fully stocked Japanese grocery / convinience store from heaven. And pricing was juuuust right!! 

The owner is very very nice gentleman, I chat with him a while and found out how much of knowledge he has for Japan and Japanese biz. 

I ended up more than I needed, but I'm very happy to go home with so many Japanese grocery items. 

This is true gem in town!
This is a great little store, very clean and the ladies working there are always very friendly.  Their prices actually are better on most things that I've purchased than the bigger Asian stores in town.  They've got a little section of Hawaiian products which can be tough to find elsewhere.
Really do love this place. This is where my husband picks up all the fish he uses for Sushi. The couple that runs the place are very knowledgeable about their products are are two of the sweetest people ever. This certainly isn't your big box Asian markets like Asiana or Lee Lee, but they have great products, good prices and really friendly staff. 

Certainly check this place out, it has amazing food, snacks, and goodies!
I love this market. It's no Marukai/Mitsuwa, but I can find what I need here. The staff is so friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful.
I'm willing to pay the price for the goods (not all are expensive, mind you) for the simple fact that the customer service is great, the store is clean, and the selection is fairly high. 

I love the lady that helped us out. She was very sweet and caring. 

I could go on and on about the customer service, but I'll spare you all further pain.

Go here, you wont be disappointed (unless you're flat broke.)
Awesome Market!!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The selection is great and the prices are very reasonable. I love the selection of Japanese snacks and drinks.
Went to New Tokyo Food Market today for some Japanese staples...Miso soup, nori (dried seaweed), Osenbei (flavored rice crackers), Furikake (dried seasoning mix) and Panko bread crumbs for Tempura recipes and they carry many other hard to find Japanese products. Prices are very reasonable and most products are authentic and not Americanized versions. Owner came over and helped us with our selections without being asked! Very helpful and nice!  Highly recommend this market located on S/E corner of 35th Ave. and Northern. Parking area is limited however! Banzai!!!!
I wanted to make sushi rolls for a while so i looked online if there is any market place where i can buy the main materials and found this little store close to my house so i gave it a try. Found it had everything i needed to make my rolls and at a good price bought set of 20 chop sticks for like two bucks. Will make it my place to buy my supplies.
I'm a frequent shopper of Fujiya's, but I was interested to see another Japanese market in the valley.

New Tokyo is small and quaint and it does the job in finding authentic Japanese items. If I was in the area, I'd choose this place in a heartbeat. However, I'd have to go with Fujiya in terms of proximity and the fact that they have bentos.

Of course New Tokyo Food Market is definitely worth a visit.
Love this place! Authentic Japanese food and other items. They are a small shop, but have a nice selection and some other ethnic foods as well. (Hawaiian, Chinese, etc.) The staff is always courteous, friendly and willing to help. They won't try and sell you anything. Every time I ask for assistance, they always steer me to the most economical products that will accomplish my goals. A few days ago, I went in pick up some sake for cooking. The older lady (perhaps an owner) asked me if I liked the brand of sake I had chosen. I told her that I had never tried it, but it was for cooking. She recommended that I purchase a much cheaper, smaller bottle if I was cooking with it only and showed me her recommendation. ($2.49) I appreciate their honesty and integrity!
Great prices, great selection. I didn't get a chance to look at all of the different sauces and foods - I was too busy deciding which Sake to take home! ;)
Love New Tokyo! Friendliest family owned place,  great selection and very fair pricing. Love the homemade salmon triangles,  but you have to get there early or they're gone!
This is a great Oriental food market.  I have been to quite a few and I have not found anything close to Tokyo Market.  The ladies are genuinely happy to see you and they understand and speak English, this is in contrast to other Oriental markets I have been to.  Good selection, clean, and I look forward to goig back.  I will be a customer for some time to come.
If you like beef jerky, this is the place to go.  They have a large selection of different types of jerkys. In addition to jerkys they also sell dried fruits, candies, biscotti's, bagel chips, cookies, nuts, etc.  If you buy so much, they usually throw in something extra.
This place is located at the Plaza casino hotel on the 3rd floor, across from the bingo hall.  A lot of people don't know this place exists but I've been going for 9 years.  Prices have gone up of course but are still reasonable.  The last time I was there, they still had 1 pound bags of beef jerky for 9 bucks but not as many flavors as in the past.  They also do mail order.  It would be nice if they opened a location on the strip.  Mostly caters to Hawaiians.  The cheap jerky is decent, sometimes fatty which I like.  The more expensive, 8 ounces for 9 bucks is better cuts.  Definitely worth the trip downtown if you like inexpensive beef jerky.  They carry a wide selection of other cured meats, dried shrimp, dried fruits, trail mixes and enough snacks to give you a stroke.
A+
This place is found in Downtown Vegas inside the Plaza Casino Hotel when you enter the Casino from the famous front entrance go left and right to the left take the escalator up then take the second set of escalator across from the chapel and there you are, since most of the time i stay in downtown this is the first place i hit before starting my fun. The two things i must get everytime is the Teriyaki Beef Steak nuggets and the Cherry/Cranberry shortbread cookies and peanut butter cookies. Once in a while i'll get candy depending on my mood i used to always get these chocolate mints but they dont make them anymore. They sell all kinds of jerky's, candy, nuts cookies, and other goodies that you may want to eat or try.  So if you ever are in downtown Vegas stop by this place for some snacks you can't go wrong.
Karen's Gourmet Almond Butter Shortbread cookies for the win. 

On the way to Vegas, the topic was not buffets, restaurants, desserts, drinks, clubs, etc. that was talked about but my friend's friend was raging about these shortbread cookies that we must get or we ain't leaving Las Vegas. Sounds like a great idea not to get them because I sure don't mind not leaving LV :D! 

Anyway, this place felt hidden. I dont even remember how we found the place but we sure had to go through flights of stairs and escalators and cut through certain corners before we reached the destination. 

I feel ridiculous and a bit ashamed for not getting ANY jerky because the whole time i was in there, i thought cookies were the only important thing to try! 

Shame on me... hm, I actually thought about creating a whole separate yelp page for Karen's Gourmet cookies but then the sugar rush I'm getting from these heavenly cookies got me all antsy and when that happens, i think it's just better that i stay put and not create anything of any sort because something ridiculous might happen. Okay, i am just rambling on about non-sense now. 

Anyway, these cookies definitely tasted traditional, homemade and rich. Every bite of these cookies tasted perfectly light in texture and had a nice creamy flavor with a kick of whatever certain taste you chose. I personally chose the almond butter as mentioned earlier and it was absolutely mouth-watering!
Been going there for at least a decade. I always get that soft Teriyaki nuggets, the shortbread cookies, and maybe a chocolate something (note: do not leave chocolate in the car; you'll have a chocolate brick!).

Hawaii folks know about it; It's probably one of the few things in walking distance from the California that's not simply another place to gamble.  One time I took some non-Hawaiian friends there and at first they were like "wth, where are you taking me?" But then we got in and they found stuff they liked.  They even told their friends so I think I started something.

I'll give it a 4 since the prices have gotten a little high in the last few years... (I mean if Hawaii had a trader joe's...)  but still, great place that I try to go to when I go by downtown.
A friend recommended this place for their jerky so when I knew I had to check this place out. Since my companion hadn't seen the old Vegas - it was a perfect opportunity to come out here to Palace Hotel to check out the jerky. The store is on the 3rd using the elevator and it's hidden. I asked someone at the bell desk and they get asked several times a day about the location of this place. I'm just glad I found it. So stepping into the store I discovered the jerky and the bagel chips. My friend had never mentioned the bagel chips so I decided to try the Parmesan cheese garlic flavored one. Very tasty and trust me this one was gone in a day. One container is not enough - I could eat that myself. They also have some sweet flavored bagel chips (cinnamon/chocolate). 

It took me awhile to narrow down my choices for beef jerky. I really like the beef nuggets so I got the teryaki flavor. It was a bit too salty for me so I will go with the regular flavor next time. The beef jerky in strips I thoroughly enjoyed the regular flavor (smokey). The jerky was also gone quickly. It's so easy to spend money at this store - everything is so tempting. Where to draw the line? At $8.50 for the nuggets and $8.25 for the bagel chips - it was a steal.
They have just moved across the street into the Las Vegas Club, ground floor.
da kine is all ohana and everybody git plenty of aloha.
git all kine of jerky and nuts but i like da kine, "karen's cookies", specially da "green mochi frog" cookie. da tings stay so "ono".
da price not bad for dat kine stuff too an eva ting stay fresh lied dat!!! 
go ova dea fo chek'um out. las vegas club, 1st floor, by da elevators and escalators.
i like da kine plain cashew nut an da dry shrimps, lik dat,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

aloha!
Nitrate heaven.

Salt valhalla.

The jerky store called. It's out of me. (I miss it, but I'm never downtown early enough in the evening.)

They have so many different kinds of dried meaty goodness it's hard to know where to begin (I recommend the peppered nuggets in the silver pouches). If beef's not your thing, they have clam, ahi, turkey, pork  and other jerkies as well, along with dried fruits, nuts, candy and Hawaiian junk food.

Between the 2 lbs of jerky that inevitably come home with me and the deep fried Twinkie from Mermaids, trips downtown are starting to get pretty unhealthy.

(Note: The shop has temporarily relocated to the Las Vegas Club during the remodeling of the Plaza.)
well, just got back from Vegas and spent a night downtown and of course HAD to go visit Las Vegas Jerkys in their temporary home at the Vegas Club.  I hope that when they go back to the Plaza, they get a ground floor stall.  The 1 pound bags of islander brand jerky is now 11.50, still way cheaper than the norm 18 to 20.  and still just as tasty.  just love this place!  can't say much more
A must do every time I go Vegas!
The beef jerky, bagel chips are the best!!!
As a habitual snacker, I love LVJE.  During my last LV trip, this was one of the top places on my shopping list.  Even though we initially didn't realize that LVJE moved locations a while back (from The Plaza) and despite the brutal winter weather outside, our entire family - including the kids - continued on the journey.

It was totally worthwhile (granted, it was my first time visiting LVJE, but I had occasionally received omiyage from there in the past and liked the treats).  The place is pretty small and the aisles are quite narrow, but there's enough room for the averagesized individual to walk through it while using the store's hybrid grocery basket / cart (ingenious, btw, since it allowed my fiveyearold nephew to hold on to my items while I shopped lol).

There's a lot of variety here in terms of sweet, salty and/or spicy snacks, as well as a few sugarfree candies.  I chose to buy the garlic bagel chips, cinnamon bagel chips and pepper beef jerky.  I spent well over $30, but it was worth every penny.  The beef jerky was especially great to bring along with me during the remainder of trip, particularly during long car rides. 

Since then, my parents have taken another trip to LV.  They returned with two boxes of the almond butter shortbread cookies for me.  Within a few days, I had devoured them all =D

I'm going back to LVJE at the end of this month - whoo hoo!
Las Vegas Jerky
18 E Freemont Street ground floor Las Vegas Club. 
Hours 9-9 Mon - Sat,  9 - 5 Sunday

Friendly staff, still good place to get omiyage
This is a must stop before heading home.  I always get the same old stuff:

Mac Nut Shortbread Cookies
Beef Jerky (card shaped)
Beef Nuggets 
Bagel Chips

If you purchase a certain $ amount they will box and deliver to your downtown hotel.  They also have a carry on box if youre hand carrying your omiyage onto the plane.
Because of sweetie pie Yelp this place came to me in a dream...
 J/K (Just kidding) This place showed up as a result of another search...
Anyhow, after the Lei Day Festivities in the parking lot of the California Hotel we decided to walk to Las Vegas Club and check this place out...
It is small but full of yummy interesting snacks so we chose a few-

1. Fruit Flavored Beef Jerky - This beef was marinated in Strawberry Syrup. The meat was sweet and you did taste the strawberry syrup.
2. Karen's Gourmet Almond Butter Shortbread - It was OK - my daughter loved it - I don't care too much for hard cookies and these were not soft at all.
3. Chile Lemon Mango - This was a disappointment because I love sour stuff and this was not sour - sure it had lemon but not enough, actually I think salt could have (should have) been added.
4. Chocolate Cinnamon Bagel Chips - This was the best of the lot for me. I think the chocolate bagel chips would have been better minus all the cinnamon sugar.

All in all I enjoyed my visit here and I will be back to try the shrimp jerky!!!
This is a must stop before heading home, especially for us that live on the islands. I absolutely love the cinnamon bagel chips but they were out since they ran out of containers. I decided to buy the jalapeno parmesan bagel chips instead since I was bummed out and it is very good. Another must have is the almond butter shortbread cookies. There are many other choices like beef jerky and dried fruit. Minimum purchase to use debit/credit cards is $10. The people there are nice and they give you a cute hand carry on box!
Tons of beef jerky and Hawaiian snacks. They have a mail service so you don't have to lug your 20 bags of jerky home.

Aloha spirit service.
I love Las Vegas Jerkys!  One pound of awesome beef jerky for $12.50.  What a deal!  They also have a wide assortment of candies, dried fruits and other treats.  Great customer service.  It's a must stop for Islanders when we're in Las Vegas.
My sister always goes to Vegas and brings back these beef jerkys and bagel chips, so when we got to vegas, I knew we had to stop by this place!
It is located in the Downtown area, and it reminds me of a crack seed store, with all their selections!

There are so many choices that i got suck there trying to decide which to get and what to get, but after much decision making, we were happily walking out the door with our very own beef jerky and bagel chips!

We made the terrible mistake of sending our bagel chips, so when we got it delivered it was more like bagel powder! They are as fragile as they look! It has be hand carried back on the plane!
This is an updated review from my last one a long time ago since now this place is located inside the Las Vegas Club and not the Plaza anymore. Still come to this place on every Vegas trip to get cookies and jerky and sometimes candy. Here you'll find all types of those my favorite cookies are the peanut butter and the cherry cranberry shortbread cookies. Beef Jerky i like the bits one but the others are good too. Candy stuff i like are the chocolate mint ones. Only bad thing is there is so much good yummy stuff you'll be spending a lot lol.
We always stop here and bring back some of their delicious Macadia cookies and nuts home. This place is so inexpensive love it can wait to come back.
I had request too pick up some Bagel Chips for my cousin before visit too Sac. It been while since been too the store so long the last time went was use too be in Plaza. The owners still seem too be the same ones local from the islands. They still give the famous white carry on boxes if order plenty of treats take back home or wherever final destination. I got some beef jerky too. The assortment there is nuts. Sure there is something for everyone not that pricey either. 

I staying with my cousin got too remember cinnamon bagel chips and teriyaki jerky tasted like. Ono. The bagel chips can get busted up quick but still good in bits or parts or whole.

The staff there is always friendly with the aloha spirit!!!!
Their cinnamon bagel chips are addictive!  I want to fly back to Vegas just to pick more up.  Besides  bagel chips they also have jerky, cookies, nuts, dried fruit and other snacks.  If you are downtown I would recommend going to the Las Vegas club and picking up some snacks there.  i heard they also deliver orders to your hotel room.
Muthaeffin' cinnamon raspberry bagel crisps is like crack!  I have never done crack, but if it is as good as these, then you'll catch me on an upcoming episode of Intervention, no doubt.

The Jerkys on the other hand, were aight.  There is obviously something with Hawaii locals and transplants with the jerky thing.  Don't get me wrong, I am a carnivore to say the least.  Still, if I had to choose, I can't resist Chinese style beef jerky.  Luckily, this place supplies it, but you can get a larger variety at 99 Ranch, 168 Market, SF Market or other Asian grocery stores for a lot less.

Besides, we took full advantage of purchasing a dehydrator at Bass Pro Shops during Black Friday and now starting our very own jerky trial and error venture. LOL.

The place acoomodates and caters to locals from the islands and provides airline carry-on boxes as well as incentives for purchases over $100.  Good gifts after a long vacay of losing money...haha (for Hawaii visitors).

So, if I had to pick a place, I would have to say I like local jerky queen, Sun's Jerky, here in Las Vegas.  I believe it's Thai style and love the heat they can muster out...others not so much.  They offer buffalo, chicken and other flavors that is a must to try.

But until Sun's starts to make bagel crisps, you'll find me frequenting both places.  So why 4-stars you might ask...try the crisps then holla at cha boy!

Grind!
The cinnamon bagel chips are incredible!
Oh my God, literally the best beef jerky I have ever had in my life. I used to get the cubed jerky in the silver bags, however the owner informed us that he is unable to order that type of jerky anymore. He showed us a different type called "Islander Brand Beef Jerky Teriyaki" that is equally if not more delicious. The store owners are friendly and helpful, and don't get annoyed by the many questions we had. Other than purchasing armfuls of beef jerky, I always grab a bag of dried mangoes (so good)!
I'd guess that 3/4 or more of this place's business is to visitors from Hawaii.  Strangely, "Big Island" beef jerky is made in Vegas and brought back to Hawaii.  What was a little odd this time was that there were new varieties of cookies and fewer choices of beef jerky.  No more 1 pound bags of anything.  But maybe it's because of beef prices these days.  The shortbread cookies and bagel chips are legendary for those who have sweet tooths.  So easy to spend $50 (or more - way more) here so be sure to stop by close to the end of your trip if you're on a budget.
When I found out a couple years back that my usual Vegas bagel chips shop didn't sell bagel chips anymore, I was devastated. 

But along came Las Vegas Jerkys! Thank the heavens! 

And if you've never had bagel chips...your life is simply incomplete. Get some ASAP!
My family and I drive from the bay to come to Las Vegas Jerkys. Unfortunately they were all out of our bagel chips. 8 hours of driving and no bagel chips. NOOO! and to top that off the lady at the register didn't make us feel very welcome and seemed to have an attitude.

Didn't feel the Aloha spirit there!
Aunties Karen and Sandy own and run this Las Vegas Jerkys shop.  It's located inside the Las Vegas Club Hotel (head towards the back of the casino).  They do a WONDERFUL job with customer service.  Their products are excellent.  What I like best about this place (besides the wonderful customer service) is that many of their products have recipes that are rooted from the Islands.  That, coupled with the local friendly customer service, equals a WINNER!

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#ykPNkbsRAqmW0dgFsMioBg

There are literally 50-75 types of beef & pork jerkys to purchase here.  There are also wonderful candies, cookies, chips, lup chong, chocolates, etc. to purchase here.  I got so excited here, I literally spent $350 on goodies for my visiting relatives and items to bring back to Honolulu when I go back home.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#qeyJ6o2dDKlmwlbBLduvcQ

Top of the list is the Islander Brand Lup Chong (Chinese Sausage).  These are traditional Chinese sausages that were originally crafted in Honolulu, and produced in Los Angeles, CA.  The owners purchased the rights to the recipe and produce the sausages for the store.  These sausages are thick and a bit on the sweet side.  Wonderful for fried rice, baked salmon with lup chong, or just eating along with steamed rice.  OMGDELICIOUS!  Get it!  Grade:  A+

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#_GPmeVlAXT4xVMjgka_R_Q

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#TT763Urq_CmdhbRuxch5Ww

Islander Brand Beef Jerkey is another favorite.  Comes in plain, spicy, peppered, pork, and spicy pork.  This is your traditional beef jerkey, but the flavors are out of this word.  Grade:  A-

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#cEO3s2d_3MfdlDuvY29jsg

Islander Brand Sweet Dried Pork.  Aunty Karen calls this the jerky that taste like char siu.  These pork slices are cured and dried, and actually taste like you are eating sweet char siu (Chinese red roast pork).  The flavor is delicious, but the texture is a bit on the tough side.  Delicious, nonetheless.  Grade:  B+

Karen's Bagel Chips.  DELICIOUS!!!   Aunty Karen makes bagel chips that come in a variety of flavors - cinnamon sugar, blueberry, cranberry, plain, etc.  The most popular flavor is the cinnamon.  The bagel chips come in a container and must be hand-carried if you are traveling.  Fun to eat, flavorful, and crunchy!  Grade:  A

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#aSXHyjkj03UU7dMOXyFiSQ

What I liked best about the store was that it was like shopping at home in Hawaii.  Both Aunty Karen and Sandy were super helpful in helping me put my order together and to make suggestions on what to purchase.  They were so much like family, they threw in a free apron and gave my family keiki toy cars when we were leaving!   AMAZING!   Mahalos, aunties!

Product Grade:  A-
Service Grade:  A+
Worth the money grade:  A-
Overall Impression Grade:  A!
Great snacks!!!!  Good prices!!!  Excellent service!  I stop by here on every trip!!!  Karen's cookies and the bagel chips are excellent!!!
Oh man. Talk about goodies on top of goodies on top of goodies! Owners are Hawaiian natives who specialize in making homemade gourmet goodies. The selection ranges from jerkeys to cookies, candies, dried fruit, and more. 

There were so many things to choose from! So much, I spent a good hour picking up and dropping things trying to choose. I wanted to find some nice goodies to send in a care package and word through the grapevine was that their cinnamon bagel chips were the bees knees. 

Here's what I got:

Cinnamon Bagel Chips 
(top seller. they're famous for it and everyone comes to buy them) They also have other flavors like blueberry and chocolate cinnamon. These were $7.00 a bag.

Almond Butter Shortbread Cookies
YOU HAVE TO TRY THEM! They're $5.00 for a small box, and trust me once you open them and eat one, you are sure to eat them all in one sitting. They were so delicious, sweet (but too sweet), and crunchy.

Sliced Almond Brittle Bites: Didn't get to try them, but they are made with Splenda. Overheard one of the ladies say she bought a pack as a gift, and ended up eating them all instead in which she needed to buy another bag, and bought two instead to make sure the other one becomes a gift. These were $7.00 a bag.

Other interesting things I found were dried persimmons, apricots, chocolate covered gummy bears, lemon bar cookies, chocolate covered espresso, and of course lihing goodies. You HAVE TO HAVE lihing to keep that Aloha spirit! Sadly they did not have chocolate covered potato chips, but all the more reason to go back and try out the rest of their goodies.
I love jerky but this place did not have the selection that I liked. A lot if the bags looked old and dusty and kind if cheap. I will go back when I'm in the area just to see if they start offering some of the what I call better brands.
Small shop that was dimmy lit when we went. Much smaller selection than the Beef Jerky Store and a bit pricier for small items. They did have unique items, but nothing that got my attention.
Yes... Yes.... YESSSSSS!!

Lemon chocolate chip... Plain ol' lemon.... the marble bundt.... OH MAN!
YESSSSSS!!
Who knew a bundt cake could be soooo melt-in-your-mouth-and-eat-every-last-crumb good?!
Ok, come on...don't you love it already by just the name of this place! If you can imagine, this place is just as cute as their name. I never thought that you could have a bakery with just bundt cakes, but this place got creative! They have different flavors of this classic dessert and you will want to try them all! Luckily, they come in so many different sizes that you can get a bunch of little ones if you want to try more that one flavor. My  favorite- Pecan Praline. My mom and I took about 6 of these home with us to the bay area after visiting some family in Henderson and they were just the best gift ever!! Another thing that they have here is Danielle's Snowy white popcorn. They were actually giving free samples of this stuff and it was sooooo good! Everytime I go to Vegas, I always want to stop by and buy a bag but I never get the chance. Not to worry!! They can ship it to you!!! Fortunately I have relatives who sent us 2 huge boxes of the stuff. Its fresh popcorn coated in white chocolate and topped off with a festive drizzle of green and red white chocolate. You can buy a bag of this great popcorn for about 5 bucks at nothing bundt cakes! Who knew that these places existed in Vegas? Try it out!
Forget that boxed bundt cake that you make yourself. Just forget it. This is a whole 'nother something that, after one bite, you will not forget. You might know cake, you might know gennoise, you might know frosting. After a N.B.C cake, your cake-tastebuds will be re-set. I don't know what they do, how they do, to these cakes but it is beyond amazing. They offer mini-bundts (single servings) or the big party-size, all in very yummy flavors combos (cinnamon, white choc, dark choc, raspberry, etc...), but it is the super moist texture AND flavor AND I think maybe some love mixed in that produces this magical and unforgettable sweet experience. Most things aren't worth breaking the diet for, but this is. I just discovered that some Capriotti's are also carrying the mini bundts.
What Allison said... "Oh Man!" --- that's what you'll say. I promise.
Awsome....

I recieved one as a Christmas Gift from my accountant... it was amazing... I will definatly get one for my self next time around... 

Cream cheese frosting was almost better than the moist chocolate cake. 

It's almost too bad they have a hole in the middle...
Simply delicious. So moist and so good....The icing on top is just enough (can be a little sweet). I tasted the chocolate chocolate chip and the flavor of the month (Red Velvet Cake!) SOOOO YUMMY! I can't explain how good the cakes are. You have to try it yourself! The bundlets are so cute too (serves 1, $3.99 each). They even make bigger versions, and the bigger ones get decorated with big artificial flowers. I'm not a huge fan of cake, but if I were to get one, it would definitely be at bundt cake at Nothing Bundt Cakes. 

*The owner was actually at the store, and she informed us that she is going to open a store in Utah. Business is obviously doing well!
my cousins told me about this and im really glad they did.  so moist and good, but i suggest the drizzle icing..just the right amount!
We shared a red velvet mini bun which was very fresh, moist and flavorful.
OVERALL RATING:
Service: 3
Decor: 4
Food: 3
Dog-friendly: NA
--------------------------------------------------
Plus (+):
Tasting samples are nice a big:) The decor is cute. The door's sign says "thanks a bundt":) 

Minus (-):
Wow, the service is S-LO-W  here...but they're really friendly. Prices are high. Maybe they use too much frosting...
--------------------------------------------------
I've heard that they use Dunkin Hines cake mix for their bundt cakes. If this is true, at least they use it well. These cakes were very moist and I liked the flavors. I had the Red Velvet and Carrot Cake. 

Don't think I'll go rushing back, but I can recommend it to cupcake lovers as a good alternative.
after a nice lunch at matteo's, had a meeting with a local realtor.  decided to be a nice guy and bring a couple mini-bundt cakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes.

ordered the white chocolate raspberry and the red velvet.  they are softball sized.  cost a little under $4 each.

both cakes, very moist.  the red velvet cake, a little on the bitter side.  the raspberry - basic white cake with pieces of raspberry  - nice taste.  the frostings ( cream cheese and white chocolate ) both were good.  might be a little on the sweet side for some, but i liked it.

nice place to go to when you want a treat.
I haven't had the chance to purchase a cake for myself but I've tried several flavors while attending birthday parties and their cakes are soooo good!  My favorite, so far, is the cinnamon cake.  I'll definitely stop by this place and get a cake for myself sooner or later.
Eat marble cake. No stop looking at the other flavors! Marble cake. Marble only! Wait..and white chocolate raspberry, thanks Keith almost missed that. This place is good enough that my madre ordered $1000 worth in holiday gifts of these cakes. They get pricey as you start ordering the larger ones, which you rarely need because the cake is rich and very flavorful. Unlike other cakes, it's very moist and will give you most of the flavor in the first few bites. You won't need to stuff yourself with it to be satisfied, though you will probably stuff yourself because you can't help it. I'm really waiting for one of these to move to Los Angeles and kick all the Sprinkles and other stupid bakeries out of the water. this is much better priced, and much better in general. Not ostentatious. For some reason right next to a pizza place and some discount perfume thing...weird location frankly, but you aren't going to eat the cake there so don't worry about it. You are going to eat it at home with your family and start to build an account as large as ours. By the way, they deliver, though only in four hour windows (1-4, some time in the morning too I forget) so if you need it at a specific time just make the effort to pick it up. Ah bundt cake, I love thee so much.
OMG...I've never had bundt cake like this, MUST try!  I stumbled upon this store by accident...my friend and I were going to Target and we were in search of cake, since we rejected a cupcake store just earlier and were going to go to search for cake after Target, but thank goodness I found this cute store.  I was kind of skeptic since I'm not a big bundt cake fan, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to check it out.  They had samples of red velvet cake and I immediately fell in love.  My friend who doesn't like red velvet even enjoyed the cake.  There were pieces of chocolate in the ever so moist cake and my friend and I knew this is it.  We bought the mini-bundts: marble, red-velvet, chocolate, white raspberry, and carrot.  I was expecting them to not taste as good as the samples since a lot of times the miniture version doesn't live up to the larger scale of cake, but I was wrong...when I took a bite I was so completely satisfied that my friend and I decided on Nothing Bundt Cakes.  The cakes do not have fancy decorations, but definitely yummy, hope you have a wonderful experience too!
Cake never tasted so good. I get either the Red Velvet or the Marble. I've also tried the Carrot, but i've had better elsewhere. The cream cheese topping they use is like crack. If you eat their cake once, you'll be hooked for life. They even have little "bundlette" cakes which are meant to be single servings for about $5 a pop.
I usually don't care for bundt cakes but a co-worker swore this was one of the best desserts in vegas.  Simple....nothing bundt cakes....not much more needs to be said. Try the marble and the red velvet, haven't tried all the flavors yet...but working my way down the line. *This one gets a yum yum yuuum from me!
At first I was like...bundt cakes?? Who the hell eats bundt cake? I went to a birthday party and had a slice...then I was hooked. I always go to this store for my constant fix for the moist and tasty goodness! Bundt cakes ar surprisingly awesome!!!!!!!
I'm a HUGE fan!

the 1st time i heard 'bundt cake', i thought- yuck. dense, dry. rich

So i reluctantly got dragged into that place by my friend...but once i tried the sample...OH MY!

The Choc Choc Chip was AMAZING
Moist, light, yummy and the frosting is SO GOOD!

The pineapple upside down cake was pretty good too...but my fave is still the choc

YUM YUM YUM

LOV U!
Who knew they had stores that only sold fancy bundt cakes?  A Las Vegas original, Nothing Bundt Cakes rivals the best cupcake places I've tried.  

My Favorite Flavors:
Red Velvet - Surprising chocolate chips in the red velvet & cream cheese frosting make this the best I've tried.
Carrot - Cream cheese frosting on top of delicious carrot cake.
Chocolate - Chocolate cake with chocolate chips and chocolate frosting. If you love chocolate, you'll love this chocolate overload.

Sizes: The mini bundt cakes are perfect for one (hungry) person. The full size version is just as tasty and works perfectly for celebrations. 

Prices: They are definitely not cheap at $4.50 per mini. The full-size bundt cakes at almost $30 and a decorated one will set you back nearly $40. But who can resist the moist cake and the perfectly sweet frosting on each cake?  

Just found out they have Nothing Bundt Cakes in the Bay Area too in Los Gatos and Dublin. Woohoo!
To DIE for!  No kidding!  A little hard to find, tucked away in the Target center off Eastern south of the 215.  A couple of years ago a vendor we use in our business sent us a Bundt cake from here for Christmas - icing toothachy sweet and cake so moist and flavorful that we go there ourselves time and again - MORE than we should - we are definitely plumping up! But this is so worth it.  The shop offers tasting and cute party and cooking items for purchase as well.  I don't recommend the smaller cakes since they don't have the same cake-to-icing ratio as the larger ones, and although the cake is great, it's the icing that really makes it!  Go early, they sell out!  It's a great idea for Christmas business giving (as we found out), and it's something that will be welcome and appreciated!
So cute AND deeeee-lish!!!

Ever since I samps'd them for my nephew's 1st birthday..I've been a fan...

The chocolate cake and red velvet bundt cakes are my must samps. They have chocolate chips in them =) 
.....Although I can only have few bites, at a time, because they are SWEET OVERLOAD.
I sampled a pecan praline bundt before ordering and then took one back to the room.  It turned out to be stale and tasteless.
A bundt cake was a previously unknown piece of food to me before this wonderful store too life over five years ago.  Their chocolate cakes are amazing and I highly recommend them to anyone who loves sweets.

Service is fast and friendly 
Place is an established neighborhood staple
Cakes taste amazing
These are some of the best cakes I have ever had.  Love the fact that they offer mini versions as well as full size.  Cake flavors and texture/density are fantastic, and the cream cheese icing is some of the best icing I have ever had - taste and texture (and I am generally not into icing anyway - too sweet/sugary).

Highly recommended.
Forget cupcakes, bundt cakes are where it's at ! I used these for my wedding favors and they were a huge hit. They are a nice size (suitable for sharing) and come in so many delectable flavors. My favorite is the red velvet, but marble and carrot are also fabulous! These stay moist for a few days and the icing/cake ratio is just right. Service was great (everything was ready on time!) when I placed a big order.
Sometimes when I am cold and all alone I dream of cake and when I do it is always cake from Nothing Bundt Cakes. After having the extremely moist, succulent cake in your mouth you just cannot get enough (sounds a little dirty but sex sells yo!). This is the kind of cake that I could overdose on.

 You HAVE to try the cakes that have the chocolate chips in them, they are awesome. They pop up like little surprise hugs in your mouth. I mean, who doesn't want that!

The icing is amazing and they make soo many flavors. If you have never tried it you have to go....then you too can have little cake dreams like me!
Another thank you goes to Jeff...  You sure know how to get to a girl's heart, at least this one's...  Through my stomach!  :  Though I am still having a difficult time in deciding whether I like bundt cakes or cupcakes better, they are both delicious!  

The cakes here are so soft and moist!  The frosting can be lightened up a bit, but still good with the current amount.  The store has a website and will ship nationwide!  This is a cakery that one must try at least once!  My daughter sister and I, all loved the red velvet, lemon, and white chocolate cakes.  Give Nothing Bundt Cakes a try, as you will not be let down!
Good, though our 3 cakes were dry. Would give it a second chance
I beyond love this place.  Every cake i've gotten, everyone raves about it-- it really doesn't do it justice if you don't get it fully decorated, (I never have), but they are beautiful if you do. I usually get it for our house, so there's not a need to pay the extra.  The taste and quality of the cakes are out of this world. I love the red velvet- they have little chocolate chips inside! Moist and yummy... And I haven't seen it yet, but in the fall, there is usually the Pineapple Upside Down bundt. I hope that NBC still makes this one, not just pumpkin! :)

My all time favorite is the White Chocolate Raspberry. Definitely a must. Service was good- be sure to order ahead of time if you know what you want, they do run out of the 8" bundt cakes and the larger ones. They do have more of the bundtletts (individual ones) but for some reason, the larger cakes are better to me. I think it's because they don't dry out like the bundtletts do since they are smaller.
When I first moved to Las Vegas, my girlfriends told me about one of their local favorites, Nothing Bundt Cake, with the same enthusiasm they would have about shoes and chocolate.  I admit, I had my doubts, "bundt cakes?" I thought, "what can be so special about that?"

Well, the bakery itself has cute decor, bright and cheery.  They often have samples of seasonal favorites for you to try, which is what I did first.  And it was truly love at first bite.  

If you're looking for a light taste, this is not it.   These are not the $80 Steve Madden pumps you get at the outlet.  These are the $400 Manolo stilettos you get from Saks.  They are truly indulgent creatures: moist, rich, and sumptuously addictive.  But unlike the Manolos, they are inexpensive.

The red velvet is the crowd's favorite, and it is undoubtedly mine also.  The cream cheese frosting is the best I've ever had.  There is a perfect amount of frosting on each cake: a foremost difference between bundt cakes and cupcakes.  

All I can say is: once you go bundt, you can never go back.
Imagine the most scrumptious, moist, buttery, savory, cake in the world and multiply that times 2!!

I became an addict after trying white chocolate raspberry. They come in all sizes. I was never a cupcake fan, but I can enjoy these bundt cakes all day long!
You know the saying, the way to a man's heart is through his stomach? It's true about women too... at least some women, like me! I love sweets, a surefire way to make me your friend or cheer me up is to get me stuff that contains excessive amounts of sugar.  

We have had a few cakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes sent to us at work, and they were always nice but they never really  blew me away. Then I realized why... No one had sent the right flavor! A girlfriend gave me a one of the cute little bundtlets for my birthday... It was White Chocolate Raspberry and it was, in a word, the bomb.

The bundtlets are considered a single serving but it was so rich and tasty that I had to share with my husband. At $3.99 a piece, these are a much better deal then the fancy cupcakes being sold for $3 around the corner...
As soon as you walk into the bakery you immediately begin to salivate from the sweet rich smell of the bundt cakes. What I love about this place is all the different variety of flavors and sizes that the cakes come in. They have a large size, a medium size, a small individual size called "bundt-lets" and then a even smaller snack size called "bundtinis." 

You have to buy bundtinis buy the dozen which run about $16.50 and you can only get those in 4 flavors: Chocolate, pumpkin, red velvet, and white chocolate raspberry. I've tried all four of these flavors and each one was DELICIOUS. I couldn't make up my mind which one was my favorite! The other sizes were also pretty reasonably priced and they come in other flavors too, like lemon, carrot cake, etc. 

The cake texture itself was to die for! The cake was moist and soft and not too dense. There wasn't too much icing which was perfect and the icing wasn't too sweet either. 

They also take phone orders so they can make your cake fresh for whatever occasion! Just simply AWESOME! I'm already planning my next trip back to try the other flavors!!
LOVE this place!!! not sure why i didnt go in before. i went to get boba at a place nearby, and saw the sign and thought "haha...thats clever. nice!". 

anyway...one of my friends back home posted a picture from the new location that opened in manhattan beach. saw the website, and joined the mailing list. a few days later, i got a coupon via email for a free bundt cake for "national bundt cake day". now i had no reason NOT to go. FREE bundt?!

i went in around 230 and the first thing i thought was..."omg it smells sooooo good in here!!!". the associate there greeted me right away, and pointed out the samples. they had their red velvet out as a sample, and HAD to try it. SOOOOOO GOOOOD!!!! the cake was so moist and it had the perfect amount of frosting on it [the frosting to cake ratio is very key to my cake enjoyment].

i got a red velvet and a pecans and praline. unfortunately, i had to work, so i didnt get to eat them until 1am today. and they were absolutely AMAZING!!!!! pecan and praline was sooo tasty and the pecans in there just added so much to it! the red velvet was yummy too! the frosting wasnt too heavy and it was perfect! dare i say, better than cupcakery! and the chocolate chips were a plus too.

after we paid, it got a little busy, but the workers there remained friendly and welcoming to each guest. definite plus. 

when im on this side of town or craving some yummy cake, i will definitely be in!!!!

thank you for an amazing first, and definitely not the last, visit!
After I went to the gym and did very well at a Mexican restaurant (ate the good, not the unhealthy), I remembered that I had a groupon and I wanted to use it...Since I've been so good, I should reward myself right?  After all, what is life without eating what you love?  Nothing BUNDT Cake.

We drove to Nothing Bundt Cake, show the super nice lady in front my groupon on my iPhone (yes people, I am going green so I didn't print out any of the groupon, and you shouldn't either!).  I told her I am just getting the bundletts and I grabbed 3 lemon, 1 cinnamon, and 1 red velvet.  As you all can tell here, lemon is my FAVORITE!!!  However, just a quick note, they all taste very delicious, but one will stand out depending on your preference.

The cake texture is what blew me away.  So moist and soft that it's as if you are eating a blissful cloud (well, I am super happy while I eat the cake).  The cream cheese icing complements the cake so well.  It's a perfect balance.  I usually have this with a glass of milk and I am in heaven.  I am definitely watching what I eat, but I do not hesitate when it comes to Nothing Bundt Cake.

I got home from Half Shell yesterday, kinda tired, but when I opened up my fridge and see my bag of bundletts, I grabbed the lemon one.  I was only going to eat half, but I finished it.  It was that good.    

After I finish working on one of my assignment this morning, I will reward myself with a velvet cake. 

Thank God for Nothing Bundt Cake!!!
This place is great! I've tried the marble, red velvet, pecan praline, pumpkin spice (flavor of the month).  All are really good but I'd have to say my favorite flavor is red velvet! I love how there's pieces of chocolate inside the cake! The cake itself is really moist and the cream cheese frosting is really complimentary to the cake!
I live in Florida & my husband works in Vegas.  I found this bakery on Yelp & ordered the Birthday Bundt Cake with balloons to be delivered to his office on his birthday.  It was delivered just after lunch (without me even requesting a time).  He sent photos & it was just as adorable as on their website.  This is such a fun little birthday or anytime surprise.  He told me the cake was good (I ordered marble), but the frosting was sensational.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas & order one to taste myself!
This place wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be.  Ok, I've been having an obsession over red velvet, ever since I ate the red velvet cupcake from Sprinkles.  Now I'm in a constant search for something similar to it, so far no luck.  

Nothing Bundt cake has an incredible selection of goods.  I love the smell I encounter once I walk in, it smells like goody heaven! I also do love how they have samples of their cakes, nothing beats trying free things! FREE, is the secret word for me! I've never really had a good bundt cake, but I'd say that this place is very legit.  The consistency of the cake is very good, and so is the texture.  I love their red velvet one, the cream isn't too sweet and the cake doesn't crumble at your touch.  It's equally right.  

I would like to try the other flavors they have, I think I read something vanilla? OoOoo, I'm liking the sound of that already!
People are friendly and frosting is delish we got the red velvet  the cake we had was a bit dry but the frosting made up for it we served an 8 inch cake for five people and we had half the cake left! Paid $18.00 for an eight inch cake.
These are so good. I mean really good. 

I bought the bundtlets which are the perfect size for 1-2 people. The cake is moist and the cream cheese frosting is just sweet enough. 

My favorite is the marble.

It looks like they have multiple franchise locations in California and next time I'm in SF, I'm going to make sure I buy it for someone's birthday or event just so I can have some. lol
I usually visit the Manhattan Beach store, which makes sense since I live in the South Bay (CA). womp womp womp... 

Anyway, I visited my sister in Vegas for Christmas and we decided that what we needed to end our holiday meal were these bundt cakes so trekked over the store to snap some up. 

It's very rare to find consistencies between stores, particularly in the service department, but walking into this store was like walking in the Manhattan Beach store- as if both experiences were taking place mirroring each other. Instantly the decor, the warmth, and the staff made for such a pleasant entrance. 

The only difference I came across was that I couldn't have all the flavors at once, at least not during the holidays. It was explained to me that their store limited their flavors for the season, which given their traffic and probable demand for the larger cakes made sense (I believe, after all, that the Vegas stores are the firsts) so that got a pass. And, in any case, the chocolate and pumpkin chocolate chip cakes were walked out with ended our meal perfectly (reviews of these and the other flavors can be found here http://www.yelp.com/biz/nothing-bundt-cakes-manhattan-beach#hrid:ZaPr5rwhdTigCoq4aLaU1w.
Very friendly and helpful staff.  The prices are just right and their cakes always make people happy!  You cannot go wrong with any of the choices and the offer samples!
Chocolate cake Mmmmmm....

 incredibly moist and just melts in your mouth! Marble was also an amazing flavor and I can't wait to try red velvet!
This place is aaaaaaawesome! If you want to be the hit of the potluck... bring in a Red Velvet Bundt. The cakes are dense, moist and have the greatest cream cheese frosting that's just a touch sweet. These bad boys make great teacher and office gifts.  My sons kindergarten teacher still remembers the cake we gave her 3 years ago.  The store is so cute with adorable accessories and gifts. The staff is super helpful and samples abound... come with an empty stomach...
I order from here all the time for birthdays and special events. The Chocolate Chocolate Chip and the Red Velvet Chocolate Chip are to die for!
My husband and I needed to give a gift to someone who has everything.  We have each eaten Nothing Bundt Cakes before and thought it would be a sweet treat as a gift.  We got our friend the full sized red velvet cake.  She really enjoyed it!  We got ourselves the mini to share!  
The cake is so delicious and moist.  Really cute shop with a helpful staff.  They have 2 locations and both deliver.  Prices aren't bad...the minis are only $4 and the biggest cake you can get (which I think feeds up to 18 people) is only $28.  Not a bad way to say thanks or just treat someone!
Awsome, the best place ever!  I'm  not a big desert person, but OMG! This is a desert that is hard to resist! The cakes are always moist!  If you know you want one during holidays, you better order it!  Or you get what they have.
Best cake ever!
My recommendation: Red Velvet

Best red velvet cakes...period
I strolled in at the last second. Got a beautiful cake for my son's 16th Birthday... Nicest people, fast, and curtious!! I drove around for 30 minutes to find them, GLAD I DID!!!
Anyone not give them a good review because of their prices... go to a grocery store and pick up a cake... these cakes are worth the extra $$!!
Absolutely AMAZING! I received a coupon for a FREE bundtlet at a cupcake battle and I thought it would be a tiny little thing. Since my daughter works in the same area I figured we may as well get the freebie. Boy, am I glad I went in. These little cakes are to die for! I sampled three different cupcake  bakery's treats at the expo and I didn't actually remember this place as standing out. But let me tell you, those cakes looked so good and the sample I tried...well, I took my free cake and bought two others! My personal favorite has always been carrot cake, so I got that one for me. Their cream cheese frosting was out of this world. Not too rich, not too sweet...just perfect! The lemon cake my oldest daughter had and the red velvet my youngest had were both also amazing! The little chocolate chips in the red velvet were a great treat and the frosting on the lemon was also delicious. All of the cakes were moist and tasty! 
I just heard that in the fall they have pineapple upside down cake! I can't wait! That is the best and my kids don't like it! HAHA ALL FOR ME!
And they have a location in Vegas which is much closer to my house, so I guess I can just go eat bundt cakes anytime I want! So much for my diet!
I looked in Yelp and found great reviews about it, and it didn't disappoint me, the place it is lovely, smells delicious and the cakes are really great! I bought a 10' chocolate chip cake and it was delicious. I love that they also have small personal cakes.
Mmmm MmMmM mmmm!!! I want one RIGHT NOW.. lol :)

Discovered their cakes at a friends bday party. It was a seasonal fruit flavor I believe. YuM. Next experience was a cake that was at my work. Marble. Just as amazing. Theeeen I tried 2 more flavors at a little girls bday party where they had chocolate & red velvet..............................

It was at that point I decided I was going to use this bakery for my wedding cake!!! So my husband & I.. (which was my fiance' at the time) went in & tried some flavors :)

We decided on a large size red velvet for bottom & marble for medium size top. Then we got carrot cake for smaller size for topper to save in freezer :) And I choose to have them drizzle the cream cheese icing. 

This comes 2 tiered & with a choice of a themed decoration.. a flower.. a little sign.. etc. I chose to not have any of their decorations since I was decorating it myself using real orchids...  they may have taken the decoration cost off the cake price since I did not want the decorations.. can't remember.. lol. 

But this place is absolutely amazing.. their cakes are soo moist... the only icing they offer is cream cheese & thats because they were so careful in choosing a select number of cake flavors that go so well with cream cheese icing!!  JUST THE BEST EVER!!!
If you are looking to celebrate an occassion with a bang, and want your friends, families, or co-workers talking about that awesome cake you just bought, buy a bunt cake! Want to get in good with the big man? Get a bunt cake.

I think their presentation, taste, and creativity of a bunt occassion cake is genious! The presentation is very clean and whimsical! The taste is wonderful, and the cake is sure to soft and spongy. My favorite part is the frosting-thick, creamy, and sweet. Reminds me alot of that nice frosting that is glazed on a Starbucks Lemon Loaf cake (excluding the lemon flavor of course). It just pairs so well with any flavored bunt. Suggestively, get the red velvet or chocolate. It is sure to win the hearts of others.

Only downside, it is pricey. I assume because of the quality and excellent presentation. If you're crafty, try making one yourself, but if you prefer to avoid any chance of disater, buy a bunt! Even sample the miniature ones! It's sure to win your heart.
Went to Vegas to visit my older sister for her birthday. Didn't know where to get a decent birthday cake so I decided to flip over to my handy dandy yelp app and low and behold, Nothing Bundt Cakes appeared to be one of the top rated cake shops. I was feeling indifferent between this place and another one of their competitors so I decided to go to both and give both of their samples a try. Let me just say, Nothing Bundt Cakes blew the other place out of the water. As soon as I tasted their carrot cake, I was sold! Let me tell you this, I have never had a single bite of cake that was so moist and incredibly flavorful until I stepped into this place. It was so good that (I kid you not) I was immediately saddened at the thought of leaving and not having the convenience of buying more when I was back home in San Francisco. Thank god, my sister will be visiting me soon and i've already made it a VERY annoying point for her to remember to bring me some of that good stuff!!!
I have a weak spot for the combination of red velvet and cream cheese frosting, and let me tell you, Nothing Bundt Cakes does it right. Their cakes are very moist and leave an unforgettable taste that leaves you wanting more.  The cream cheese frosting perfectly complements the cake without taking away from the original cake flavor. 

One of the great ordering features they offer has to do with the delicious frosting. Nothing Bundt Cakes gives the option of drizzling the frosting (for those who prefer a lighter dose of deliciousness) or the signature frosting (for those who enjoy having a heavy dose of cream cheese goodness). 

Just thinking about the cakes and the frosting is making me want to order one right now..
Three words...white...chocolate...rasberry. Remember them, use them. Forget about cupcakes, go for the bundt. Nothing else to say.
I love this place! I've been coming here for years now. I buy cakes at least once a month. My favorite is the white chocolate raspberry. I suggest being in their email list for monthly promotions like $5 off. This place is awesome. You gotta try it if you haven't yet. Highly recommended!
I really don't like red velvet cake, but I have to admit that the red velvet here is pretty damn good! My favorite cake here is still the marble, but they really don't do anything bad! The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is... ok, I changed it to 5 stars... its that good!
Nothing bad to say...I'm not a cake person at all, but their chocolate, chocolate chip is brownie like and I could eat the frosting with a spoon...and the samples in the store are sooo cute...the buntinis are perfect for an office party...
So anyone who knows me know how much I LOVE cake. Birthday Cake to be precise. Nothing Bundt Cakes satisfies the birthday cake craving whenever it hits me. I like that they have "bundtinis" mini bunt cupcakes. And they have all different flavors and frostings. If you have never tired one, well then my friend, you are surely missing one of life's wee pleasures.
Had a nice variety pack of bundt cakes dropped off at the office today.  One of my favorite desserts in town!

It's hard to say which flavor i like the best as they are all so good.
The super friendly employee sold me on the chocolate chocolate chip mini bundt (really how could I refuse double chocolate). It was a nice moist chocolate cake, but I have to say I was a bit disappointed and here's why. My friend used to make the most amazing chocolate chocolate chip bundt cake, and thus, I'm totally spoiled. To me a bundt cake should be very moist and dense. This cake was just too light and airy. It may be the mini size, and perhaps ordering the larger size would give me that dense bundt cake fix. There's three different sizes to pick from (little mini cakes sold by the dozen, a smaller individual bundt- I made this one last for days, and of course the big ass bundt cake..). I guess its a nice change from a typical cake.
My niece brought home a cake from Nothing Bundt Cakes her friend had got her. It was the BEST cake Ive had in a long time. It was chocolate with cream cheese frosting. At first, i thought the cake was home made because it was not overly sweet, super moist cake and the frosting tasted like it was made from scratch. Even my fiance who is not a big sweets person ate a bunch of it and LOVED it! Know where we're going next time for cakes.
Cream Cheese Frosting. The best Cream Cheese frosting. Thick, sweet and rich, but not too thick, not too sweet, and not too rich. They put it on every cake, and it goes on every single cake. They don't even put it on the whole cake, and normally this would be utter horseshit, but you don't care, just because you want that frosting that is there! And somehow it balances the cake out. It's just... frosting. Glorious amazing frosting.

There's other stuff I might mention too: the little cakes are a really good size and make for a handy just-under-twenty dollar gift that's good for all occasions. The shop itself is very nice and has these delightful cakes ready. Bigger ones are just under thirty. They have bundlets for the standard wallet killing markup. 

One warning: sometimes, just sometimes, you get a cake that is near frozen solid. The ones in the back of the fridge I guess, and they still taste great when they thaw, but if you're planning on eating immediately, check for this.

These are the only good bundt cakes. Proof that a successful business can come from a stupid idea if you sneak a little crystal meth into your frosting and do it with some style. At least that's my guess.
The first time I tasted a Nothing Bundt Cake was when my husband's adorable Hobbit co-worker brought one to a gathering at our apartment. I was immediately impressed by the presentation, including the the nicely wrapped box and beautiful frosting. The cake itself (Red Velvet) was delicious, and the frosting wasn't overpowering, which is an issue I have with many cakes and cupcakes.

So a month after trying that Red Velvet cake I found myself in Henderson near Nothing Bundt Cakes. A look on their website showed me that their featured monthly flavor was Pumpkin Spice. I am a serious sucker for pumpkin. Every October and November I gluttonously gorge myself on all things pumpkin. So I had to go get an 8" cake to share with my friends and family.

The store itself is located next to a pretty little courtyard with a fountain (a grackle was bathing in the fountain as I walked up to the store). The employees at the store were attentive without being overbearing, and helpfully offered me a sample of a chocolate cake. However good the sample was I was undeterred in my pumpkin goal.

It took a little while for the cake to be prepared, but the time passed quickly as I got a Boba tea next store and watched the birds in the water fountain. Before long I had a cake to bring back home.

The cake itself was amazing. The pumpkin flavor is subtle, and there is a hint of nutmeg and cinnamon. I have to admit I didn't eat all the frosting on my slice, but there was only a little bit left on my plate. Overall it was delicious. I look forward to trying other flavors in the future!
This place fabulous! Scrumptiously delicious desserts! Great for special occasions! What a way to show others appreciation!
Nothing Bundt Cakes is sooo cute!!  My friend got my Birthday cake here and it was absolutely the best red velvet cake I have ever had-SOOOO YUMMY.

Since I loved my super cute cake I just had to get my next cake here.  I called and made an order for a Halloween cake and decided to try a vanilla cake this time with some festive Halloween decorations.  I went to pick up the cake and the staff was super friendly and the cake was perfect.  

I would suggest this place to everyone and can't wait for the next special occasion that calls for another cake =)
This place has the best bundt cakes/bundt cupcakes ever..
Omgt the frosting is just Delicious. The actual cake is so moist and full of flavor.
So far I have tried the Red Velvet, Strawberry, and chocolate.

They are so all so wonder full I don't what else to say right now cuz I'm still working on eating this bad boy but. I would highly recommend that you give this place a try....
WE LOVE NOTHING BUNDT CAKES!!!!!! I have been wanting to try it out for the longest but was always too lazy to go out and get it. Finally for my birthday this past December, my husband surprised me with a dozen assorted bundtinis... They were DELICIOUS!! I've tried the Red Velvet, Marble and Chocolate... Love the Red Velvet and Chocolate! My husband tried these flavors as well as the White Chocolate Raspberry and he loves ALL OF THEM. He's actually kind of addicted to them.  Anyhow, we also bought another dozen for our in-laws just this past week and they tried Lemon and Carrot and were in heaven also. The cakes are just so damn MOIST and YUMMY! Kinda bad that this place is so close to us because now we want to buy them every week! Staff is pretty friendly... They get your order together in a timely manner with no mistakes.
AMAZING!  I've had the pumpkin and red velvet, both are so good.  The pumpkin is my favorite.  This place has become my favorite dessert place.  Great for gifts and parties too.
Amazing. Product. One the smooth delicious taste hits your palate, you will be a believer. My favorite is the pumpkin (which is unfortunately seasonal), followed closely by red velvet. Chocolate chocolate chip is amazing also. Hell, all the flavors are terrific (although carrot, lemon and praline aren't on my regular order). Soooooo good. Two locations in the valley to serve you and they deliver!
Duuuuuuuuuuude, this place is ReDonk!!  They must bake crack right into the batter because everything I've tasted is unreal!!  

Carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting, to die for and the presentation is oober cute.

But apparently the word is getting out, each time I've been in, there's been at least a 20 minute wait, Sh*t Balls!!  So order online!! 

They have a very small selection of merchandise which passes the time. 

Delish!
Absolutely wonderful. Always a go to if you want to bring a really nice frikin amazing cake to anywhere or anyone. They are fast and THE BEST and super attentive, nice and helpful. The staff are people you feel good buying something you're going to eat from. How often does that happen in this town? Love it.
I've been wanting to try them forever and one day before my yoga class down at Body Heat I stopped in for a little bundtlet. First things first, can we just talk about how adorable the words "bundtlet" and "bundtini" are? I'd buy a bunch of cakes just so I could be like Oprah and say "You get a bundlet! And YOU get a bundtlet! And you, and you, and YOU get a bundtlet!" 

I walked in and the girls working were quick to jump. They explained everything that they had. The shop is smaller than I expected it to be, I guess. But I digress. Anyway, I decided on a red velvet bundtlet and was on my merry way.

I arrived in the parking lot of the yoga studio and dug in. I play little food games with myself (see my review for In-N-Out Henderson) and my dear friend Jaime W. suggested I add the rule that nobody can see you eat in your car. This rule was especially apt when eating outside a yoga studio. I was definitely caught a few times but who cares, not me.

The cake was good. Not great, but really really good. I thought it was the teeniest bit dry. I know that bakeries don't make their cakes fresh every day, so I'm guessing that I got a cake on its way out. It was tasty (I f&#%ing love cake so even the dry ones get four stars from me)!

Will come back, though perhaps under different circumstances.
Gotta love Yelp app check ins!  I totally forgot about Bundtlets until I saw my friend checking in on their Yelp apps and having one. (Ahem Molly T. that's you).  So while I was in the area getting my Boba tea fix, I popped on in just to take a peek and see what they had.

Usually I just get customized bundt cakes and have them delivered as little "thank you" gifts for companies I have dealt with or given as gifts for special occasions. Majority of the time I did my ordering online. So it has been awhile since I stepped foot in this store.

So now not only do they have the 8 & 10" sized bundt cakes ready to go, there are Bundtinis which are bite sized ones sold by the dozen and Bundtlets which are slightly larger in both height and diameter than a cupcake. Two people can easily share them. The prices are pretty reasonable also, just $3.99.

Took a little sample of the turtle/caramel bundt cake they had pieces of and that was it. I had to have one!

They had a nice selection of flavors represented of the Bundtlets just tempting me to bring home.  Pecan Praline, Lemon, Cinnamon Swirl, Red Velvet, White Chocolate,  and the one I ended up getting White Chocolate Raspberry! 

The place was busy but wait time was pretty short. When it came to our turn the young lady was all smiles and eager to help us. Picked and paid for my sweet treat and off I went to the park did my run, came home and had my bundt! (well I shared mine w/Mr. B!)

The cake I had was pretty moist, white chocolate flavor was subtle and the cream cheese frosting was just slightly hardened like they just had put it on that hour. It had just the right amount of sweetness. Overall it was pretty good!  I would have it again. And since they come nicely packaged up, they make cute little unique gifts to give out as well.
love love love love love love love love love love love love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My favorite is Cinnamon Swirl. Marble and Chocolate Chocolate Chip. The cake is scrumptious and the frosting is the best part of the cakes...superb!!!!
AMAZING...that's what I have to say...

The Carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting, OMGosh to die for. It sure didn't last at the party I took it to and it looks super cool. I did spruce it up a bit by putting a tiny vase of flowers in it's hole, very cool.

Ordering online, or phone in your order cause it's SUPER busy and the wait is maybe 20 minutes!! But it's Soooooo worth it! 

Enjoy
First time I have ever had anything from here. A friend ordered the red velvet bundt cake with cream cheese frosting. The cake itself was delicious, but the frosting was a tad too rich for me. I can't wait to try the other cakes they make.
First off I don't really care for cake. Give the choice between pie and cake, I always take pie. However, something about these moist, sweet, delicious icing topped cakes keep me coming back for more. While many people have been eating and celebrating with Nothing Bunt Cakes for years now, only recently did I get hooked on them and boy are they good. My personal favorites are the lemon and white chocolate ones. Add on top of it all the icing and I am in pig heaven. So for my birthday now, I am happy with both ice cream pies and Nothing Bunt Cakes.
I love chocolate cakes ONLY. But then came upon Nothing Bundt Cakes; boy was I IN LOVE. 

Ratings
Quality (5)
Quantity (4.5)
Taste (5)
Easiness of ordering online (5)
Price (4)
Service (4.5)
Overall (5) 

I have tried the marble, red velvet, white white chocolate, and cinnamon swirl. But my TOP favorites are white chocolate raspberry & Chocolate Chocolate Chip.  I can eat a whole 8-inch cake & still crave for more. With that said, I have ordered online for Brad T,'s going away party and the presentation looked beautiful and it was perfect.  I was very pleased with the outcome and of course the taste is magnificent as always.  The frosting that they put on their cake is just the right amount and the sweetness is just right. 
The prices are reasonable and worth it and it is great for any special occasion or just because!
I was never a big fan of bundt cakes, but Nothing Bundt Cakes has changed my mind. One of my friends offered me their smaller bundt cakes awhile back and it tasted amazing. I decided to check out the store for myself and the ladies behind the counter were friendly and sweet.

One of them offered me a sample of pecan praline cake and I decided to try it out even though I've never been a big fan of pecan praline. Simply delicious. I purchased a chocolate, chocolate chip bundt cake with no regrets and I would go back whenever I'm in the neighborhood.
Great cakes with amazing cream cheese frosting!  They sell the big cakes, mini's and bundtinis.  The buntinis are a bit over priced  IMO, but they are bite size fun cakes for parties.
I never even knew about this sweet bundt cake store until my Fiance recently requested to stop here on the way home after lunch one day.

She stopped to get me my favorite cake of all, red velvet with cream cheese frosting. She purchased me an individual sized red velvet bundt and it was delicious!

The cake was fresh, moist, tasty and the frosting was generous and very creamy.

My Fiance has cut out sweets in her diet so she just stopped to get me a treat to make me happy as she always does. 

Thanks to my woman I am now a fan!
The best cake or my personal favorite is the pecan praline,  yum yum.
For my fiancee's birthday she dropped the hint that she would like a cake from Nothing Bundt Cakes. We've become fans of the location on W. Sahara, but had not tried the location on Eastern which is closer to where we live. I started out by going online to place an order...but I had waited too long and the website doesn't allow same day orders. Dang the luck. So I decided to call in and see if they could do a same day order over the phone. 

From start to finish everything was perfect. There was no hassle with taking my order complete with special requests or processing my debit card. I was quoted a pick up time of any time after 4 pm. When I stopped by at 5:15 they had no trouble finding my order and they brought out a 10 inch chocolate / chocolate chip cake wrapped up in clear plastic that made for easy and safe transport without squishing the buttercreme frosting that went down the sides of the cake There were no mistakes on my special requests either, and the cake looked great. 

When I brought the cake home the reactions started at oh, wow!, and went on from there. But when the cake looked so good it caused two family members to break their diets to try it and they had second helpings, well..what else can I say. It was awesome. And when the birthday girl smiled from ear to ear and said it was perfect...if she's happy, that's the only thing that really matters. 

5 Stars. Taste / Service / Taste / Service/ ok, the 5th star is because it's so dang good! (And while it's a franchise, it's a Vegas based franchise...and it's a place that will get my repeat business!)

(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #31)
came here to bring a package of goodies to visit a friend in the city...they have the assorted mini bundt cakes, great for sharing....affordable..and different from the popular cupcakes gifts (sprinkles) .....theres a few sizes too, the mini, regular individuals, and the cake sizes...convenient based on the occasion ur purchasing!!!

i always liked bundt cakes but never had special flavors until coming here...pineapple upside down and red velvet all the way!!!

store is being cheap about giving you a bag though to carry my order..i got 2 dozens of the assorted and they said they have no bags to give away for that size... i had to buy a separate one for 2+...

that was my only problem...if u go into the place to buy stuff they should give u a bag to hold it in...not something fancy u have to buy separately..
These cakes are so good you wanna slap your momma.  I got the red velvet which, to my pleasant surprise, had little chocolate chips inside.  On the upside, I've never tasted a better bundt cake in my life.  On the downside, I might have started a new addiction :(
Very moist cake. Just wish that there was less icing.
Love love love the red velvet chocolate chip cake. The cake was so moist and packed with flavor. Also, if you love frosting, man oh man, they have cream cheese frosting for days. I found that the cake wasn't too sweet which was exactly what I like in my baked goods. Often time, the sweetness is overpowering and way to much for someone to handle. 

I would say, that their mini, individual cakes are the perfect size to share amongst a couple people. This way you can buy several (reasonably priced) cakes and try and assortment of flavors.

I was very happy that they also had a gluten free cake which is a definitely win win for me. The staff was very helpful and assisted us right away. I can't wait to check out the location here in LA.
This place rocks, I wanted to find a good bakery and found them on Yelp. Thanks for the good reviews. It was like walking into a sweet fantasy. They had a sample of the pecan praline, and I couldn't stop grabbing the samples Yum! 

Getting ready to hit them up again today before I head back home..
Never had a bad tasting cake here. Pricey, but worth it !
03/31/2013  Sinful in sin city...
Someone brought a cake from here to my brother in laws birthday party. The raspberry one. It was so good people were literally fighting over the last piece. I have not been in here myself but I'm sure I will soon. The cake was moist, and the flavors strong. Would recommend.
Get the red velvet or marble cake! You won't regret it. Cake is moist and frosting is very delicious. Will definitely come back! :)
Best Bundt cakes ever!! After having lunch at the close by in-n-out, we needed a cake for the bday celebrant tonight. We weren't locals so I of course turned to my trusted yelp iPhone app for guidance. There were several bakeries around the area with their signs taunting us to come in, but we just straight up ignored it and followed the app. So glad we did!!

I love desserts that have just the right amount of sweetness. This one definitely takes the cake! I was worried that it was gonna be too sweet and maybe dry but their tasters proved me wrong--we all got won over. I didn't even hesitate to scoop up an 8'inch chocolate bundt cake $18! (And a small red velvet bundt for me to go! Hehe! Didn't see the pineapple upside down one which I wanted but ill try that next time) 

They have different kinds of candles and decorations available, as well as ready to pick up cakes to go. They even have little scrapbooks for bdays/bachelorette events! I definitely urge you to drop by in this delicious smelling store if you are in need of a cake for a special occasion in Vegas.
Trust me when I say that a nothing bundt cake will solve all of your problems. 
These cakes are orgasmic! The flavors are to die for and the cake is moist and just deliciously finished with their amazing crème cheese frosting. 

All of their flavors are great. It is pretty much impossible to get a bad tasting cake here. My favorites are the red velvet or white chocolate raspberry. They have bundtlet cakes, which are mini bundt cakes for single servings which is what I usually get rather than the larger cakes. (Bundtlets are only 4$)

The bundt cakes come in the following sizes:
- bite sized bundtini (sold by the dozen)
 -bundtlet
-8" cake
-10" cake
-tiered cake

I just love Nothing Bundt Cakes!
Totally made my birthday this year! Red Velvet Bundlet, best red velvet cake i've had!
What can I say that hasn't already been said. Phenomenal cake! 
They have some secret recipe for moistness because I've never had better.
Red Velvet & Praline pecan are my faves.

They have seasonal pumpkin that is so yummy, delicate pumpkin flavor, not too much spice but a light, yet decadent taste. Of course the cream cheese is the bomb.

Highly recommend !!
Very upset today by the poor service received the manager and store clerk who could not locate my order and indirectly stated I must have ordered from the wrong store!  Which is incorrect seeing as I had spent  over $65 on two cakes two weeks prior. I would have not accepted the cake they all of a sudden found had it not been for a coworkers birthday.
I just can't seem to say no to bundt. We usually get them delivered for special occasions and holidays at work, but I rarely go on my own to get anything, just too dangerous. I enjoy that they have small bundts as an option now. 

Since I rarely get to see the inside of these shops, I was happily surprised by all the samples. I didn't partake on this particular occasion since I was trying to be good, but the smells were heavenly and service was extremely attentive. My favorite flavors are always the fruity ones. I can never resist lemon or raspberry bundt. I'm not a huge fan of cream cheese frosting, but I have it on good authority that I'm one of the rare people who feels that way. Great treat for holidays, gifts or any occasion really.
The best bundt cakes ever!  My fav is the red velvet w/ chocolate chips, seriously addictive.  They offer a few different sizes ( Bundtlets for $3.99, perfect if you just want one serving for yourself, 8 inch for $18.50 serves about 6-8, 10 inch for $29.50 serves about 12+ and bundtini's, bite size bundt cakes like mini cupcakes by the dozen for $16.50, .  I stopped in a few days ago and picked up 2 dozen bundtini's (Red Velvet, Chocolate Chocolate Chip & White Chocolate) for a New Year's party, ran me $33.  They were a hit!  (I called in and ordered my bundtini's and they were ready within a half hour, super convenient)  Awesome bakery w/ the best customer service.
I love me some red velvet bundt cakes!!! I'm not into sweets much but this is my favorite dessert for special occasions. It's light and fluffy bundts and creamy cheese frosting makes it all worth the price. I also love their marble cakes.
Love this place! Have used them for birthdays, and even my wedding. Their cream cheese frosting is the perfect balance of tangy and sweet. Their cake is so moist while still being the right density. I love their yellow cake which is in the marble and cinnamon swirl of course.  Ok, every flavor here is great in my opinion.
The red velvet is to die for !! I love big BUNDTS and i can not LIE!
Always fresh, moist and delicious. My mouth is in heaven. They have a variety of flavors and perfect portions. They also have very nice party cake ideas and decor. Well worth the trip to try and buy. :)
i've never tasted a bundt cake this good before! I'm so undecisive when it comes to bundt cakes, because some are just so gross, especially the store bought ones! But these are AMAZING.... I, myself am not a cake, or sweets in general kind of person. I went here w/ my sister and got the sample of the peanut butter one which I WILL get next time. But for this visit I got the red velvet, and oh my gosh I've never tasted anything SO MOIST, and actually taste like how a bundt cake is supposed to! The cream cheese frosting is perfect. After a while though, it will get sweet but its normal because thats just how sweet things are. All the staff members are nice, the ambiance is nice, and the place is small but comfy. I'm definitley coming back and trying the other flavors. And if you're looking for it, its kind of hidden. Its next to No. 1 Boba Tea, and The Windy City. Same plaza as Targets! (Btw best cake in general i've tried in my life actually)
I love the cakes here and it would have gotten 5 stars but the service was not that friendly. First off, the 4 stars is for the quality of the product. The bundt cakes here are very moist and the frosting is great. 

The service on the other hand needs improvement though. Upon walking in you are greeted but in a depressing manner. It seems as if the staff does not really want to be there and it is carried on to the customers unfortunately.

Great cakes and not so great service. That's what to expect at this location.
How can this place NOT put a smile on your face? You'll pay some serious $$ for a happy tummy but I think the quality of the product more than justifies the expense. I love to throw parties and I always pick up a dozen or so of their mini bundtinis (cute name, right?) and they are always devoured quickly into the evening. The presentation is so pretty and I love that the cakes are light on the frosting (so you don't get a sickly-sweet sugar bomb in every bite). This isn't your typical American style cake; check out the photos so you won't be disappointed. I would love one of these as my birthday cake, though. Great flavors, friendly employees, quality ingredients and a cute shop.
This place is always a sweet treat! There isn't a flavor I haven't liked! I love the bundtlets, they are a great sharing size.... unless you are having an extra sweet day and want one all to yourself!
Firstly, there are very few Filipino eateries in Phoenix, so I'll give props to this one here.

Located in the rear end of an old plaza on 35th ave. & Thunderbird, you might miss it, so drive, and you will find it in the corner between a furniture store and Abacus Inn. 

Inside you will find amiable Filipinas that will greet and accomodate your current food cravings. 

I ordered the Pancit Palabok and was familiar with the rice noodles covered with orange-colored sauce, scallion, shrimp, chicharon and an egg to top it off. Puto was also served on the side. Not bad. 
My friend ordered shrimp sinigang. The broth was rightly acidic, infused with the natural juices of the whole shrimp (heads included...for those of you who care to know). 

Due to time constraints, I was not able to try any of the "sweets." I did spot some bibingka, an ube dessert, and some cassava...they also have other things like cannoli and cookies (but that's not the reason you're there. 

I'll surely eat here again, and will revise this review.

But at the end, make sure to provide them with a "salamat", or thank you in return for their great effort to advertise Filipino delicacies, that Phoenix needs more of.
I live in a town where I can find 5 Filipino restaurants in a 5 mile radius. So when I came to Phoenix for work, I wanted to see what the Filipino restaurant scene was like.

Like the previous reviewer stated, there are very few Filipino eateries. The supermarket that I found on my GPS was closed, so I found this one on Yelp. Overall, I would recommend to go to support the local Filipino restaurant.

When you first walk in, you start in the bake shop area where you'll find cakes and pastries on display. I wasn't sure if I could seat myself, but I was greeted and seated. There were two other tables filled with about 8 people eating including myself. What concerned me is that 2 of the other folks were the only other Filipinos - as I tend to judge all ethnic restaurants by the number of people of the same ethnicity.

But that logic doesn't seem to work here were the demographics of Filipinos seems relatively low.

I was craving Sisig (grilled pork - which is my favorite at Ongpin in South San Francisco) - but they didn't have that. On the whiteboard, they had Sinigang na Baboy (pork) - so I figured I couldn't go wrong with one of my favorites.

Since I was here on business, I figured I'll order a few other things including the shanghai lumpia (eggrolls), Halo Halo, and topped it off with Hot Pandesal.

The Sinigang was served in a bowl with 3 pieces of boneless pork. The meat was very tender and you can pull it apart with a spoon and fork. The soup was a little on the salty side since they may have put a little more tamarind mix, but that I might just be a little oversensitive about my sodium intake.

I couldn't help but think that I was eating at home or a family friend's house. Included in the sinigang was spinach, string beans, eggplant, a small potato, and cut onions. What was missing was dikons (those white radish things). It wasn't bad, and it wasn't exceptionally delicious because nothing compares to home made sinigang. But this would be the next best thing. I ate all the meat, and had quite a few eggplants left.

The shanghai lumpia came out shortly afterwards. The portion was pretty large and I could have shared it with someone else. I didn't care for sauce that it came with. I wanted vinigar, but a filipino family came in and there was only one server.

If you ever had Halo Halo at Ongpin, you'd find this lacking. It is served it a large plastic cup. What was missing is the ube ice cream. In fact, there was hardly any ube in it. There was a spoonfull of the leche flan, but I didn't finish it.

I actually ordered the Pandesal later, this version was like two very large dinner rolls served with butter. The bread had a fresh out of the oven taste.

The restaurant section was clean, with standard fare dining. There was a large flatscreen tv with TFC playing.

Last week, when I ate there, they were just written about in the local paper, but I didn't get to read the review.

They accept Master Card and Visa, but not American express.

I would eat here again to try some of their other dishes not because I want to support my fellow Filipinos, but because the food is actually worth having again. I took some photos of each dish with my iPhone, so I'll have to figure out how to upload them.

This is actually my first review because I was hoping to read more about Philippine restaurants in the area, I only saw this one. So I figured, I should also contribute!
Whoa, I am in heaven. 

A recent review for a place in Chandler made me NEED some Filipino food. Let me back track a few years. 

I worked with a guy who was in charge of hiring for a drug wholesaler, he liked helping friends and family. He was a Polish Filipino. Some of the family he hired were Filipino and would bring Pancit, Lumpia, adobo etc to the potluck type lunches we had. I would even go to family functions with them. I love Filipino food. 

There was a place near me that closed down and I was left with no where to go. I drove past CFB but at the time it was only a bakery...lame 

After seeing the review for the place in Chandler, I had to find a closer place. SO I YELPED... sure enough there it was CFB. It is only 6 miles from work...sweet. 

I roll in and expect to see a dive but instead see a very clean, and larger then expected dining room. Attached was a bakery full of delights. 

I ordered the Pancit with chicken and veggies. It was freaking good. No soy or spicy sauce ALL the normal flavors. I also asked if I could sample some of the Lumpia and it was perfect, fresh, hot, and awesome. 

I will be back for some Adobo and some pastry's. 

They have karaoke on Friday, and a live band on Saturday. So you are warned.
This is my second time at Casa Filipina. I was hoping that this would merit a 4, maybe even 5 star review, but alas, I was disappointed and even embarrassed that I suggested this place to a fellow yelper. 

I raved to Jetta R., "Oh this place is so cute! The food is amazing and the service was great! We should totally hit this place up for lunch." 

We walk in the door and were treated like I was on my first visit. Seated, given menus and place mats; water and silverware were promptly produced. 

We even had some of the curious dishes explained to us. 

Just a note, the food was really good, the first (and second) time I ordered the Bistek Tagalog. This time I felt it was lacking juiciness and the meat was difficult to cut with a fork (but the first time I ordered this dish it was so succulent it melted in my mouth.) 

One plus I didn't receive last time was the offer for a second helping of rice. 

I asked for soy sauce and the waiter said he'd be right back, he disappeared and then started talking with another customer for 20 minutes. 

Then Jetta and I decided to order dessert, it is a bakeshop after all! 
I ordered the Creme Brule, but when they came to clean the table off I wanted to save my spoon. The gentleman (whom I think to be the owner) said that he would bring me a clean one. Jetta, being the lady she is decided to wait until my spoon arrived. After 10 minutes of waiting I told her to dig in, finally while taking food to another table, the owner apologized for forgetting about my spoon. 

Usually I am one for forgiveness, but not when there are only four customers in your restaurant and Jetta and I are two of them. 

I can't believe how I went from super impressed to completely devastated. I want to try you again CFB, but I just don't know.
I hate having to give out three star reviews. For me, 1-star isn't the worst possible rating you can an establishment, a 3 is. Because 3 stars means it invoked no reaction to you, neither joy or disgust, no pleasure or pain. 

I'd rather eat at a really shitty place that I'll remember than a so-so eatery that I'll forget the moment I get back into my truck.

If I want mediocre "take it or leave it" food I'll just cook for myself, kthxbye.

As BFeF's (Best Frienemies Forever), Clarice W and I frequently have lunch together in the Peoria area. The decision on what to eat is usually made using the following criteria: Where haven't we been that we can yelp about?

Our last lunch involved us going to Hope Kee and getting all wrapped up in their cutesy snack section and coming in late to work. So we needed somewhere relatively closer with no Hello Kitty gummi lips to distract us from our voyage back.

Clarice suggested Casa Filipina, a Filipino place by the Lenny's Burger somewhere near but not necessarily 35th Avenue.

We were welcomed in by the staff and taken immediately to a nice cozy table by the window. We were given our menus by the excited and talkative waiter I would come later to know as "that fucking guy". 

At first I was a little troubled reading the menu. I was once in a relationship with a Filipino girl that was so tumultuous and unloving that when I seriously thought of breaking up with her that my first thought "but  man, I love her mother's cooking...". 

But aside from the adobo and lumpia, I saw nothing else on the menu that I could recall from all those awkward awkward family dinners.

I can't tell if this means there's more to the cuisine than I'm aware of or that said ex's mother was, as well as a good cook, a fucking liar. 

Either way, I'm glad I left her in the end anyway.

I ordered the Dinguan, which translates as "chocolate pork".

Don't be fooled by the name, all you saucy foodies out there thinking of that Iron Chef America where they made savory dishes with chocolate.

Chocolate pork is actually pork cooked in pig's blood. 

I'll repeat that.

It's pig's blood. It's called "chocolate pork" because the blood takes on a brownish-black hue after it's been cooked.

After hearing this from that fucking guy, Clarice changed her original order (we even order the same thing! aren't we just the cutest!) to the Bistek Tagalog, which she was familiar with and knew she would like.

All the entries come with at CFB is a side of ride. I'm not sure if it's jasmine, white, or saffron, because I always opt for noodles when given the option. 

And if you get that fucking guy, that rice doesn't even come with soy sauce. After serving us, he disappeared into the bakery, talking it up with some of the other customers. Clarice didn't get her soy sauce until after we had finished our entrees and were on our second helping of rice. 

Thankfully my chocolate pork came with a lot of sauce and I was able to dribble it on my rice. 

That's right, muchachos. We trannies prefer blood on our rice. You think about that the next time you try to tell us what bathrooms we can use, amigo.

I couldn't taste the pork. All I tasted was the blood. They could've just dumped a quart of blood on my rice and called it a day. The texture was nice though.

Clarice wasn't as fortunate with her dish. While I've tried to stay away from beef (it's enough of a commitment to keep my vegetarian brother off my back but not interfere with my eating habits), I had some of the Bistek, and it was passable. It reminded me of beef jerky, with its dry spicy roughness. Good, but not sure if that's how it's meant to taste.

Moral of the story: Clarice's entree did NOT make its own gravy, which made eating her rice a little inconvenient. 

And seriously, JUST rice (really good rice, but seriously, how hard is it to make good rice)? Even my neighborhood so-poor-it-steals-its-recipes-from-other-restaurants Chinese place gives you an eggroll or wonton with your meal. 

As the place is so fucking proud of its desserts, we ordered some. Clarice got the Creme Brulee and I got the mango tart. That fucking guy was in the middle of bringing Clarice her spoon when he caught the attention of another customer, so we sat for a good few minutes waiting to dig in. In the meantime, I managed to come up with a name for the color of the filling in my tart : burnt earwax. 

My tart was about as tasty and edible as that term would imply.

Clarice's creme brulee was good, albeit a little cold by the time that fucking guy came with her spoon.

On our way out I learned that the bill had to be over 10 dollars before they would accept debit.

After I imagined beating every one of the staff near to death with a rolling pin, I got an eclair to go.

What I got was a bunch of whipped cream between two pieces of rock-hard pastry that you'd get at Fry's. Essentially, a diabetes sandwich.

Casa Filipina isn't good. But it's not bad.

That's the proble
My husband and I went here a few weeks ago because I didn't want to cook. The food was mediocre. The meat was tender; however, when it comes to taste...it just didn't remind me of the traditional home cooking. They're food had a twist to its flavor. 
The bakery section was a bit overpriced (but not too expensive)...but I guess that how it is when there isn't much Filipino food available around Phoenix.
Great food, great atmosphere, and awesome top 40 live band!!! A must for those who crave Filipino food!
*This review is for the Bakeshop.*

Was in town, visiting my man for the weekend, and he was seriously craving Filipino food. Yelped it, and saw that there was Casa Filipina and Halo-Halo Kitchen. Because he wanted breakfast, we hit Halo-Halo Kitchen first... 

...And to rectify our experience at Halo-Halo, we came to Casa Filipina after.

We were greeted warmly by both employee and by, I think, one of the owners. We were going to pick up pastries to nosh on as we continued on our day's adventure. We picked up - cheese rolls, ube cheese rolls, ensaymadas and a halo-halo. Here's the breakdown:
- Cheese rolls: SWEET HEAVENLY JESUS. These were insane!!! So good! Cannot describe in so many words how wonderful these were. Super fresh, sweet cheese filling from end to end, and considerably larger than Goldilocks'. You can instantly tell the difference on how fresh baked these were. We purchased 1/2 dozen to share with his roommates, and yeah, they never saw them...
-Ube cheese rolls: Really good. Had a great ratio of ube to cheese, and really really tasty.
-Halo-halo: Really, yum... just wish it had more ingredients. But that's just me. It was a lot of ice, and maybe a little less than 1/4 of cup of the mix
-Ensaymada: Little disappointed in this one. I think I'm more used to it be a brioche type pastry with sugar, cheese and butter. This one was more of a heavier roll, and seemed a little stale. I warmed it up in the microwave to soften the bread and melt the cheese, but still tasted not-so-fresh.

We learned that they served breakast, and make their longanisa in house from the owner, and after those cheese rolls, we'll definitely be back!
Anytime I each Filipino food outside of my own or family's own kitchen, I'm always nervous about what surprise im in for.
In this case, it was a good treat. Being in an area away from home, I wanted something close to home cooking. The food was good (not the best, but not horrible).   I would come here again
I always like to venture out and find different styles of food from different ethnic backgrounds. I just moved into the area and thought I would check this place out. I have to say that I enjoyed my visit here. The food was very good and although I can't compare with a home cooked version of the food I did enjoy what I ate and its also a bake shop, which allowed me to try the ube cake, which its now my favorite cake. I have been back there several times and bring guest when they come to town to visit and they enjoy the food as well. I look forward to visit this restaurant/ bake shop again
The fiance and I were on a mission to surround ourselves with some comforts from home since we were unable to be home with our families in Cali on Easter. We decided to find a Filipino restaurant and see if it could compare to our mom's famous cooking (nothing ever does though, right?)

We had the choice between Casa Filipina and Halo Halo Kitchen which are only a few blocks apart. For no known reason we decided to go with CF if only for the fact that it was closest to us at the time. This is not in our home area so it's unfamiliar territory for us but we ventured on until we found it in a run of the mill shopping plaza with a Big Lots (a nice bonus since it was actually open on Easter so we got to do some after lunch browsing).

We didn't know what to expect from CF but we know we weren't disappointed. The small bakery opens up into a pretty good sized restaurant with a good amount of tables. There were several other parties there including what looked like an after church Easter family gathering of about 12. Good sign #1.

We were greeted warmly and seated right away. We were surprised at the menu choices and excited about the options they had. Of course, there are some Filipino dishes we wished they had but hey, you can't have everything. What they did have was pretty darn good.

We ordered the sisig [see-sig] (sauteed bits of pork with onions) and the pancit malabon [pon-sit muh-law-bone] (noodles with sauce, hard boiled eggs, shrimp and cruched chicharon, or pork rind chips, on top). I also got sago to drink (sweet syrupy drink with tapoica pearls and sweet rice jelly) b/c it made me think fondly of family parties when my dad would always make a punch bowl of the stuff. 

The food was flavorful and offered good portion sizes. It came with a hefty scoop of white rice, naturally. The entrees also come with a piece of sweet rice bread called puto - i know, i know, not the best name for those of you who speak Spanish but that's what it's called, really! Random factoid: I learned this little double meaning when I got in trouble in 3rd grade for bringing puto to my class for the multicultural pot luck. Much explaining was done at that time too so I figured I'd include it here. Just an FYI.

One thing to note is that the food will take a little while to come out so be prepared. The server warned us in advance and was very apologetic about the wait but I have to say this....every Filipino restaurant I have been to that has heat lamps and premade food has been wrong on so many levels. Legit Filipino food is not quick to make and not good when you make it in large batches and just have it sit there waiting for someone to order it. So, just be patient and know that it's worth the wait. 

Since we are constantly trying new places we will surely be trying other Filipino joints in the area but we will also be going back to CF for some good food to make us feel at home.
I have been wanting to try this place out for a few months now, so finally last Friday my mom & I decided to come here for lunch. 

When you walk in your eyes are immediately drawn to all the goodies in the bakery case. But we were here for lunch so we brought our attention back to that. We were seated in the dining room that was pretty empty, there were only 3 other parties. After scanning the menu we ordered the following to share: lumpia (crunchy pork eggrolls), pancit (rice noodles w/veggies & chicken that came w/puto-a sweet rice bread) & ginatang sitao kalabasa (string beans, squash & shrimp sauteed in coconut milk w/rice). The lumpia was amazing, so yummy! The pancit was delicious as well, great flavor. The veggie dish was my least favorite, however my mom loved it. Oh I also did not care for the puto. 

After we finished lunch we looked at all the treats again & decided to order some to go. I can't recall what my mom got but I got the following: cannoli, flan, cheese roll & siopao (steamed bbq bun). The cannoli was for my hubby & he enjoyed it. The flan was yummy but had a much thicker consistency than I am used to. I did not care for the cheese roll at all, I think if the cream cheese had some sugar added to it it would be much better. I had the siopao for lunch today & it was pretty good. 

After chatting with the owners (very sweet, husband & wife) we found out they offer line dancing every Saturday for $8. My mom loves to dance & is going to check it out this Saturday with a couple girlfriends. If she has fun I might even join her next time!
Started a yelp account just to complain about this place...Bought my grandma an order of kare kare and I was so disappointed... 
 since it was  a to-go order they asked me what size i wanted and i told them the medium size cup. it was $8 but since I figured the container was pretty big, it would be worth it. When we got our food, it was in a different container and we didn't open it til we got home. There were 2 small pieces of meat with a little bit of sauce. This measly portion could have fit in the small to-go container that was $3 cheaper. 

We called the restaurant to complain about the small serving size we got and the lady on the phone ask two asked us things that turned me from irritated and a little upset to angry and outraged. First she asked it we were regulars then if I was Filipino.

Hmmm..I didn't know that their level of customer service was based on restaurant loyalty and nationality.  So what if I'm not a regular customer or Filipino? doesnt that mean they can give me smaller portions for the same price? I'll never eat at this place again!!
the food is kind of pricy for what its worth
I went to Casa Filipina Bakeshop & Restaurant. I am no expert on Filipino food. I have only been to one in CA twice. I  want to find a place in Phoenix. Surprise there is one 7 miles from where I live. 
They are located in a strip mall. You may miss them unless you was looking. Very simple lay out. Has a home feeling. Nothing fancy. Clean. As you enter you pass a glass case with very good looking pastries. An extremely nice young man showed me to a table. It was about 4:30pm so I was the only person in the restaurant. He asked if I had eaten Filipino food before. I told him only twice before and I would need help. He suggested the beef steak. Prepared in a sauce with onion and potatoes. No processed taste, genuine home cooked meal.  Very taste. There was a salad of fine noodles. I did enjoy everything I had a dessert of Ube and a cup of coffee. When i left everyone invited me back. It was only about 5:15pm by now and they were setting up for a band that plays there on Fridays. I have been to a lot of places to eat. The people here made me feel at home and welcome. I am going back. Probably tomorrow for lunch or dinner.
I gave them 4 stars. I will probably change this to a 5 next review.
Hands down the best Filipino restaurant in Phoenix, probably in Arizona. The staff went above & beyond catering to my mom and aunt (who's natives of Sebu) ensuring they feel right at home. Food was authentic and the atmosphere is inviting. Tess is the greatest Filipino pastry chef (even though she didn't have any Pandesol) ! Live music with singing and dancing ensures you'll definitely come back.
Talking about authentic filipino food! Coming from SoCal where there is a filipino restaurant in every "kanto"/corner, their food is really good. We had the sinigang na baboy, bistek tagalog, binagoongan and pinakbet, for desert we ordered the halo-halo and chocolate cake. They are delicious and the kids loved the halo-halo. Couldn't help eating too much rice with all those food. While eating we were entertained by a live band and you could even jam with the band and sing to your hearts content. The owners Tony and Tess are doing a great job catering to the filipinos there in Arizona. Too bad I missed the line dancing, that would have been fun! Oh, did I mention that they have a good selection of filipino pastries and bread? Wish I could come back there soon and try their ube cheese cake, it looks yummy!
Really amazing traditional Filipino food. I give it 4 stars for being a hidden gem with dynamic range of taste and family friendliness. Coming back!  Apparently there is live music Friday nights and Sunday afternoons.
Best Filipino food I've had outside of the Philippines--better than some IN the Philippines, for that matter. The Denuguan is monster delicious. I've literally been going there every few days since I got to Phoenix.
Heard about this restaurant from a friend and I was amaze by the food and their friendly service. I tried the chicken adobo and it was amazing! The chicken came apart with no effort and it had a great honey glazed taste. The portions were a good amount for their low prices. I couldn't  get enough of their amazing dessert!
Yummy! If you like filipino food this place is like eating in your aunties kitchen....down to the plates and silverware.

Kawali is yummy, kare kare is awesome.....shanghai lumpia is a thumbs up!!! The bakery is a visual stimulation! If you're feeling like home cooked food but don't want to slave in the kitchen.....definitely worth the stop......
I had high hopes for this place after seeing its YELP ratings.  Being married to a Filipina we are always watching for good Filipino restaurants.  After visiting here we're still looking for one.  But their bakery is awesome!  So this review is mixed.

Pancit and rice came standard with the entree. Portions are filipino size (that is, similar to restaurants in the Philippines - a bit small), but not outrageous.

The food was very average.  The caldereta tasted like American beef stew, and it shouldn't have.  It wasn't bad, but if you know caldereta you know this was much too bland.  The sinigang was OK, as was the fresh lumpia (sariwa), and pinakbet.  Nothing special, though.  The staff made up for it a bit, being very nice and friendly.  The sago gulaman also was good.

So the restaurant is 2 stars.  Better than Jeepney Bistro, but that's not a very high bar to clear.

The bakery is a solid 4 stars.  They have cannoli (Italian), puto, leche flan, pan de sal, pan de leche, fruit tarts, mamon, bibinka, and more.  We tried their pan de sal and pan de leche, both were excellent.  Their "chocolate mousse tower" was fine.  The puto was very good.  We bought several more items that we haven't tried yet (like the ube cheese roll).  But so far the bakery items have NOT disappointed!!

I can't see driving all this way for their food (we live in Gilbert, this is almost in Glendale), but I can see doing it for the bakery.  As good or better than Golidlocks (the standard for most Filipino baked items).
I've eaten at many Filipino restaurants (my wife is Ilocano) but few have the combination of service and food this place does. It is small and homey like most of it's kind. But the staff made it feel like home. The owner greeted us, we were immediately seated. The menu wasn't exceptional (short, with standard selections) but food was delivered quickly. The bistek and adobo were excellent, served with rice and pancit. We were offered free desert if I joined in with the karaoke, but I did the other guests a favor and declined. The bakery was filled with interesting variations on Filipino favorites. I wanted to take the whole counter home. Wished I live closer, I would be a frequent customer. Highly recommended for aficionados of the casual Pinoy dining experience.
Have been here 2 times now... 

1st time, I ordered 2 Entrees i thought would be a great gauge to measure their authenticity and style..

Binagoongang - great , fresh,, a little too pungent for me to bring to work and eat in the office, but none the less deliciouso. Ate it in my car in the office parking lot..

Beef Kaldereta - also Great adn the  veggies fresh,, only down side was potatoes easily turned to mush when trying to fork them :P..

Only 3 miles from work will go here weekly..

Last trip Pork Menudo - Meat and flvors awesome,, this time the veggies seemed a little dehydrated, well the carrots.. but that didnt hinder from the dish being great.

Will be back.... Please oh Please add Pork Adobo to the menu or humba ?:P

See you next week at Casa Filipina !! Kain Tayo!
I love the food here. I was born and raised in Manila so I have been homesick for Pinoy food. Everything at this place is baked or cooked on premises from scratch. I had the lechon kawali and it was crispy good. I have tried the dinuguan ("pork chocolate stew") with rice and puto -- deelish! My American fiance loves the Pancit Bihon Guisado. We both love the macapuno tart and the special halo-halo. This is a rare sit-down Filipino restaurant with friendly servers. The rest room is clean, complete with amenities like hair spray. We are on our way there today for our nth visit and don't mind having to drive from North Scottsdale. We stop by Fry's Electronics while we're there as it is nearby and we kill 2 birds with one stone. Malinamnam!
Service is great, the food is just OK but the prices is steep for the portions. Good variety of filipino food. Plus is the bakeshop.
Almost as good as mom's cooking! Everything was delicious and I loved the little band that was playing while we ate. I would have probably given them 5 stars if they let me sing karaoke...
I had never tried Filipino food, but my friend recommended it, so I tagged along. Wow! This is amazing cuisine! The bakery items are delectable as well.

I tried the Pancit Melabon, which is a dish consisting of thick yellow egg noodles mixed with pork rinds (I had them hold the pork rinds, since I don't eat pork) and topped with shrimp and boiled eggs. It was served with puto, a delicious rice cake. The portion was huge and the flavors were wonderful. It was served with a plate of white rice and a generous portion of ramen-like noodles (I'm not sure what they are called). The price for this dish was only $7.99 and it was a huge portion. 

My friends tried the binagoongang fish (milk fish) and barbequed pork and they both raved about their meals.

We were all tempted by the wonderful bakery display. I tried the butter pecan cookie, which is like a large Mexican wedding cookie (yum!) and my friends had the cannoli and the ube cheese roll, both of which were excellent. Next time I want to try the chocolate mousse tower, which looked rich and delicious. 

The restaurant itself is nothing fancy. The food and the friendly service are the highlights, although I hear they have entertainment and karaoke on Friday nights.
I have to say that this Filipino restaurant caught me by surprise. It's one of the better ones that I have been to including the ones out here in Socal. The food just had the right taste, without the added greasiness or the added msg. Not only that, but they didn't skimp out on the meats. The meat was really meat not just innards. That made me happy. The only thing I found awkward was that the rice came portioned to each plate.. and if you wanted more, you had to ask. I don't know of any other restaurant that does that and if you are conscious about your carb intake this would be a good thing for you, but for someone like me, it felt awkward. Overall great restaurant and if I'm in Phoenix, i'll be by to have more tasty food! :) (We had the dinuguan, lechong kawali, kare kare, pancit malabon i think, sisig and crisp pata) yep and all of them good!
I've been to a few Filipino restaurants (in a variety of cities) and this by far is one of the best.  The establishment is very clean and the entire set-up (tables, chairs, etc.) allows for a comfortable eating experience. The food is served in reasonable proportions. I ate one of my favorite filipino dishes, Kare Kare, which was cooked to near perfection. I recommend this dish to anyone that eats over here. Our group also ordered Crispy pata, which offered the right texture and crunchiness that one expects from a dish. The service was also fantastic. I highly recommend this place!
Came here on a saturday night with a filipino friend.  The place has a small filipino bakery with decent varieties of goodies.  We ordered sisig, pork sinegang, dinuguan.  It was good! on saturday night, this place will have a line dance and on friday night, they will have a filipino live band music playing in the restaurant.  It was fun and definitely will go back!
It's tough to find good non cafeteria-style Filipino restaurants, and this one definitely impressed. Had to have Kare Kare (my all-time favorite dish) and Lechon Kawale. Very, very good. Had some halo halo, of course, and I gotta say the best part was the leche flan. Had to grab some cheese rolls to take home. 

Service was friendly and we'll definitely return.
3 stars for the two dishes I got. 1 extra star for great customer service.  
I came in looking for comfort food from LA so thought I would try the easy go-tos.  I got the Pancit (not the Pancit Melabon) and lumpia.  Both were ok.  For the pancit, I don't need it drenched in sauce but this one was pretty plain like others said.  I should have tried the Pancit Melabon but I was craving the other pancit.  The lumpia were fresh and good but nothing out of the ordinary.

But if anything, the staff were great.  Very accommodating and nice.  Based on the reviews, I need to go back and try the Kare Kare, halo halo, and Pancit Melabon and a whole lot of other things that I didn't take the advice of other yelpers on.  Oh well, you learn.  But def. want to go back. 

For those craving turon (banana egg rolls), they do make them sometimes but not every day.  Darn!
Brought my family here. I'm glad that the staff spoke Tagalog so that my mother could talk with them natively. We ordered a lot of food and it was very good and affordable. We'll be back!
Situated at the corner of 35th Avenue and Thunderbird next to a pawn shop, this place is definitely a hole in the wall kind of place. The owner of this restaurant was orignally a renowned pastry chef, and now she has come into her own and expanded into a full blown restaurant and pastry shop. Her family is so friendly every time I visit and you can tell she loves to watch people enjoy her homecooked style Filipino foods.

Desserts:
     Halo Halo (mix-mix) dessert is amazing here! The flan is so perfect within this dessert too!
     Ube Cheese Rolls - These are made with Ube (a purplish taro plant type) mixed with a cream cheese type filling. Oh my frickin' gosh, I love this to pieces! The thin flakiness of the dough blends perfectly with the cheese and ube filling!

Entrees:
    Adobo chicken - order a large size of this and you won't be disappointed - even those afraid to try new flavors. This will be a favorite.
   Calderetta - she usually cooks this dish with beef and potatoes - almost like a slow cooked stew that can be poured over white rice
   Pancit Bihon - My favoirte type of pancit. It's the thin noodle style with veggies and usually a meat like chicken or pork or both
   Pancit Malabon - My dad's favorite type. It has thicker noodles and comes with mini shrimp and hard boiled eggs. My 2nd favorite type of pancit.
   Kare Kare - Here it's made with beef or pork. My mom used to make this dish when I was growing up with Oxtail. It's a type of peanut butter stew with meat, eggplant and green beans. I know it sounds strange, but believe me, if you're on the adventurous side, you can learn to love this dish too. 
   Fried chicken - This is delicious fried chicken! I thought it'd be more similar to that type of fried chicken you get at Chinese restaurants that's cut up into small pieces and looks dark brown almost reddish, but it turns out this is good 'ol Alabama style fried chicken. I didn't expect to find this on the menu at all which was funny, but I think it'd taste awesome for breakfast with some waffles!

That about sums up my favorites at this place! And believe it or not, they actually have online ordering, so you don't have to worry about pronouncing anything over the phone if you're ordering to-go orders! Better yet, sit down and eat food while ordering food to go!
Reminds me of home made.
We enjoyed several plates here.  By far my favorite was the pork belly of course.  I love bacon so pork belly is a must. 
The pork belly came out cut up in perfect two bite morsels for me.  A nice crunchy top with a soft underside is a great mix of meat goodness.  The sauce is on the sweet side, but not so much that it takes away flavor.  Plus it is a great sweet sauce for the meat.
We also had the Pan cit Malabon, which has a spaghetti type noodle that is cut up.  I mean the texture and thickness reminded me of a spaghetti noodle.  The shrimp was only ok, as noted by a dinner guest on mine.  I cannot comment as I am allergic to shellfish.  I did chance the noodles since the top is sprinkled with pork rinds.  Interesting, but not my first pick next visit.
The fired chicken was good, very crispy, but for the $7.99 price 2 pieces of chicken was not what I expected.  With everything else on the larger side I found this to be lacking in value for my dollar.
We also sampled the flan dessert, which was creamy and sweet.  Nice mix and most likely I would try again.  I also tried the Halo-halo which my first experience.  Nice dessert that I would go for again.  A mix of sweet, ice and a small slice of flan on top.  All enjoyed in a plastic cup for you to enjoy for at least a half an hour of mixing ice with the sweet bottom mix.  

If you are in the area and craving a great Filipino food experience stop here.  I will try some other dishes next time I am in the area.
I was really hoping to love this place, but I thought it was only okay.  We moved to AZ from Northern CA where we exposed to plenty of Filipino cuisine. I was looking forward to home cooking like what my husbands frat brothers and sorority sisters used to share, but it's not really what I got.  
We ordered the fried chicken, which was regular fried chicken.  It was only two or three pieces.  They were fine.  We also oredered the pancit with the big noodles and shrimp on the top.  The shrimp had a weird taste.  I didn't love the noodles either.  I enjoyed the pork belly.  It was crispy and came with a nice gravy.  I would order it again.  My son ordered the flan and really liked it.
Got the dinuguan (pork blood stew) for my director for his birthday bc he was craving good Filipino food from home. Even though he didn't get it till the next day, he scarfed it up and loved it. Figure that's a good sign.
Cool live music at the restaurant that was quite good. The menu is very old and needs to be updated to describe true prices of desserts and the real timing of karaoke night (Saturday). Good dinner food. Pancit and puto were my favorite. The mousse tower was really good, the ube torte was blah but the cannoli is where everything went downhill. It was absolutely disgusting, possibly overstaying it's welcome, sour, and the worst cannoli I have ever tried.
This is the only Philippine's Restaurant in Phoenix that you can find the best Chicken Adobo, Lumpia Shanghai, Bihon and Halo2 dessert. Very nice service and friendly restaurant owner, Tony. They have tons of fresh bakery too... yum! and yum! I wish my mom has bakery store like them.
Good service, Decent food, Delicious Deserts! Would definitely recommend the Tiramisu or Lechon!
Ube everything!! And for those of you who don't like or don't know what ube is, everything else is fresh and delicious.
Freaking adorable place!!!  I am always interested in trying new things and food from the Philippines was no exception. A friend and I stopped by to check out their baked goods and were greeted by a super friendly gentleman at the counter. I ordered a coconut torte, a slice of purple cake for my son, a regular cheese roll and 2 Purple yam cheese rolls. My 4-yr old couldn't contain himself and wanted to gobble up his cake on the spot. We sat down and i tried my torte. Super hard, but it had a good flavor. Wouldn't buy again. My friend had my try her cheese roll and it was amazing!!! Perfect amount of sweetness. We decided to try some food while there. We all shared a plate of pacit and lumpia and were very happy with our selections. The woman who attended us was very sweet and friendly. Later in the day I tried my purple yam roll. Flaky and sweet with a slight hint of taste of cream cheese. I can only imagine how yummy they taste a few min after coming out of the oven... Will def come back to try the shrimp lumpia and chicken adobo in the future as well as get my fix of purple yam cheese rolls!
This place is great giving you real comfort food from the islands; I come here at least once a month! Oh, and don't forget about the pastries because they have an amazing bakery...try the mango cake, you'll die and go to heaven ! ;-)
This is the best food in town !!! Everything is perfect prices and quality of the. Food and the pastries to die for it , the owners go out there way to make feel home I if you really want some fresh food this is the place to go.... Amazing
Yummy yummy in my Filipino tummy!

I was so stoked to find this little gem close to ASU West. I've been deprived of great Filipino food since moving to AZ but this place felt like home.

I walked in before class to grab a quick snack. I ordered two siopao (pork buns) and a mango juice. The service was really quick. And I got everything within minutes. The siopao came with a bit of the pork gravy to dip it in. Oh man, it was drippy, sticky and oh so good. It made me miss my mommy's cooking. The mango juice was refreshing and went well with my meal.

I almost can't wait to go back to school on Monday so I can make another pit stop there.
Tony and Tess,                                                                                                                    Thank you so much for being able to accommodate our requests for the amount of food that we ordered for our recent holiday party!  Great food and deserts.                   My favorites dinner choices are the beef steak, panzit, and of course the appetizing egg rolls!  For desert, I always choose the panocha!                                                       We were truly impressed that you were able to pull this off  with what  I would consider "short notice"                                                                                                                                    . I  happily and proudly recommend Casa Filipina for as much as a simple desert, to an evening dinner, or for an elaborate holiday party! You won't be disappointed. Thank you again Tony and Tess, and to your staff.                                                    Sincerely, Paul Tillwach
I like Filipino food. This place has a great selection of meals, snacks, and desserts. Yummy stuff.
So, after reading all the great reviews about this place I was really excited to check it out. In the interest of full disclosure, I am a Filipino who grew up in the Philippines and migrated to this great country when I was 24. I love Filipino food and would go out of my way to get some. With that out of the way, I was really disappointed with this restaurant. I was hoping to love it and find a regular place to eat at. My family and I checked it out over the weekend in search of a Pinoy place to order our Christmas eve meal from. Sad to say, this did not fit the bill. We ordered the pancit malabon, pork barbecue skewers, and an array of desserts. None of them were up to par.
I was craving some Filipino food without having to make it myself. I assumed that there wouldn't be many Filipino places near me; but a two-second search through Yelp proved me wrong. 

I ordered a variety of stuff to get a general feel of what this place has to offer (no, I didn't eat it all---I have lots of leftovers to enjoy later). I ordered the chicken adobo, pancit palabok, and 3 types rolls--guava with cheese, ube, and plain cheese fillings.

I agree that the food has a home-cooked feel, so do not expect some fancy or gastro-pub meal. The adobo tasted great, just like how my mom makes it. There were sides of pancit and rice; both tasted fresh. I wasn't particularly fond of the pancit palabok; there was too much egg in it, but I'm real picky when it comes to preparing the dish.

I ate a third of the roll with the guava and cheese filling. It was delicious! There is a sweet cheese and guava jelly that melts together well with the flaky crust. I imagine if I had this when it was freshly baked or even heated up, I would have enjoyed it more. I have yet to try the other two, but I think I will like them too. 

The two people who took my order and packaged everything up were really nice. Then there was the one remark 99.9% Filipinos say to me, "But you're so tall!" One of them told me to come to karaoke on Fridays to make friends; haha, cute. The restaurant looks like a Filipino home that happens to have a couple of bakery displays. So again, nothing fancy but I'm OK with that.
FANTASTIC FOOD & PASTRIES
First off I want to say that I am not Filipino but my wife and her children are and they just loved the food and atmosphere at this tiny local restaurant/bakery shop.  I have been searching for some time now, trying to find a Filipino Restaurant that my wife would approve of.  When we were last in Las Vegas, she wanted us to go back to Pinoy Pinay which she stated was her favorite place to eat Filipino foods in the US.  Glory be!!!!  Now I do not have to take her all the way to Las Vegas for her native dishes anymore.  We made a trip into Phoenix to try this small Filipino restaurant/bakery that I came across on the internet.  The reason for the trip was that it was her son's birthday and I thought that it would be a treat to get out and about.... we live in Casa Grande.  (I actually wanted a Mango Cake for his birthday and the internet stated that they had them here.)  Immediately, my wife and kids felt at home. (Her children just arrived from the Philippines in July of 2013.)  Looking at all of the beautiful pastries in their showcase was just too much for this guy to contain.  We sat down and I had the kids order what ever they wanted to eat.  While waiting for the dishes, I decided that maybe we should try the different tarts in the showcase.  I ordered one of each for them to try and we loved them all.  After a very filling lunch, the Mango Cake I had requested with a birthday greeting on it was served at the table and the staff sung him "Happy Birthday" which was totally out of surprise.  But we were too full to eat any part of the cake so we boxed it up to take home.  But we could not leave without those yummy tarts, so I ordered 3 of each to take home with us.  Our son had a piece a bit later and he stated that it tasted like a "piece of Heaven", and that is coming out of a 19 year old teenager.  Imagine that!  All in all, the 1 hour trip to Phoenix for this wonderful and tasty meal was well worth the time and effort and we will be looking forward to visiting this small piece of the Philippines in the near future.  Casa Filipino Bakeshop & Restaurant, thank you for the wonderful food, service and atmosphere.  And even though I am not a Filipino, I will not hesitate in bring my family back to your restaurant to enjoy all the "wonders" that you serve.  (In fact, my daughter's birthday is coming up in March and she has already requested a return visit to your restaurant.  Maybe even on a night when you have live entertainment.)  Thank you again for your kindness and consideration while we were with you.

Signed - Former Pinoy Pinay Customers
Update, not one piece of the pastry went to waste.  Real mango in the cake.  One complaint from me....... they did not leave me any of the treats that had ube in it... sigh.  LOL
This is a nice small place, very friendly staff. The food here is pretty good, I got some sisig. The last time I had sisig i was actually in the philippines, so I feel me comparing the two would be unfair.  :)

Be prepared for some karaoke if you go.
I've been going to Casa Filipina for about four years and have always been pleased with the food. I've tried a variety of dishes like the Crispy Pata, Adobo, Caldereta, Menudo, Pancit, Chicken Inasal, etc.  They have Karaoke on Friday nights and a small three piece band plays on the weekend. They tried to get me to sing Karaoke but it takes more than a couple of bottles of liquid courage to get me singing.

My favorite dish is the Menudo. This is made with pork, carrots and potatoes served in a sauce. This dish has a similar look to the American Beef Stew dish. In addition, they serve this meal with rice and Pancit Bihon. The best way to eat this dish is to dump the menudo on top of the rice. I always say "Masarap, Busog na ako" after eating this meal. Did I mentioned that they give you plenty of food? They give you more rice if you run out of it, but I have never had that problem.

They also run a bakeshop that has all of the traditional Filipino sweets. My asawa especially enjoys the Halo Halo. And she always loads up on the sweets to take home for future consumption.

The Husband and wife team that own Casa Filipina do a great job and keep the prices fair. So check out Casa Filipina, you're taste buds will thank you.
Just had lunch @ https://www.facebook.com/casafilipinaphoenix with chef Toni, yummmmmmy and great company,
him and the wife are doing a great Job to take care of the people ,not only serve them.
I got some Lumpias((better then spring rolls) to cook it myself at home for my family
,yes they sell it to as take out,now gone have to make the sauce to go wit it
Here's what I ordered:

1) Kare Kare Plate
+ flavor was good
+ portions were a good size
- pork meat was used rather than ox tail (kare kare is made with ox tail and not pork)
+/- the plate came with pancit (I may be filipino but I don't like pancit period)

2) Dinuguan
- it was a bit salty
+ good but just a lit to salty

3) Halo - Halo
- no Ube ice cream (it's not the same without Ube ice cream)
- more shaved ice than the toppings (I had to dig deep in order to get to the stuff on the bottom

The employees are very friendly and helpful. Customer service is top notch.

The baked good look so delicious--I wanted to purchase all of them. NOTE: they bake all their goods in the restaurant and DONT have it delivered like other filipino restaurants.

I'll give this restaurant 4 stars.
The food and bake goods are just ok.  Enjoyed the music though.
Just had dinner and enjoyed it AGAIN! The Chicken Insasal is perfect! I had it last time and my love for cooking, I tried to make it at home. Not as good as Casa Filipina. We had Chicken Adobo this time and it is just like Mom and Dad makes at home in Southern California. But the desserts is what we go there for. The Tiramisu is awesome and I tried the Ube Mousse, which as really good. But the Halo Halo is the BEST.
Had a great Karaoke night at Casa Filipina!! Their bakery is to die for! The food is simply sensacional!! I would recommend this restaurant to anybody who likes trying great food from different parts of the world!

Mónica
Mmmmmmm!  Had the Bistek and it was very good, had a deep gamey flavor and I loved it. The rice was cooked perfectly.  The Lumpia were excellent and came out insanely hot. The chicken Adobo was really tender and flavorful.  The young man who waited on us was excellent. He was incredibly polite and attentive. I'll definitely return whenever I'm anywhere near this place. Ask your server for the banana ketchup.
Food and service were great. Had some Pancit and Lumpia and finished with a creme brulee. People were very friendly and maybe the owners. Will definitely go back. Nice selection of deserts both Filipino and European.

Only thing I couldn't figure out was there was a sign for a $5.99 lunch combo on the window but the menu I was given mentioned nothing about lunch combo's. Would be interested to see what was offered and was going to ask about it but forgot to ask as I was leaving. I'll have to check it out next time.
Fellow Yelper Kurdy S and I were curious about this Pin@y bakery, so we met here for lunch during one weekend. Looking from right to left, the interior was divided into a bakery section followed by a sizable dining area. The vertical glass case carried an assortment of colorful Pin@y sweets, rolls, and desserts. Everything looked extremely tempting. The atmosphere was casual, down to earth, and unassuming.

The Chicken Adobo ($7.99) came with bone-in chicken, vinegar, soy sauce, and garlic. The chicken was tender and meaty, but the marinade could be deepened by the soy sauce and more striking with the mix of sharp flavors. For some reason, the expected flavors were flat and notes to plateau and climax were severely missing.

The Sisig ($7.99) encompassed diced pork and pork ears sautéed with garlic, onions, lemon juice, and fresh chopped jalapenos. Given all the sharp tasting ingredients, the flavors should have been far more robust, striking, and complicated. To the chef's credit, the positives were the food did not appear greasy; and the textures came out firm and not overcooked. The side of pancit was lacking flavor, and unfortunately, equally unimpressive. I've had all of these items homemade, so the experience was modest at best given this being one of the only two Pin@y bakeries in the area.

Ube Hopia ($4.99) was my least favorite item from the bakery. The exterior was noticeably staled without the fresh flaky textures. Although the purple ube filling was delicious, the air pocket inside was too big for me to recommend it. To this day, my favorite Pin@y bakery is still Valerio's.

Despite the limitations, the Sago't Gulaman ($2.50) was truly outstanding. It came in a big glass of tapioca, gelatin, and crushed ice. The drink was impressively refreshing to counteract against the hot summer weather. Of all the things I've tried so far, this is one item that I'd highly recommend.

Service was friendly and kind, but the food did take some time to arrive at our table. I still believe their food is a good gateway for those experiencing Pin@y cuisine for the first time. However, their targeted audiences could be much more inclusive of those who have already been introduced to the cuisine. I'd be interested in trying the other Filipin@ restaurant in the area before deciding whether to return.
Food:
- Lumpia: 10 pieces of yummy Filipino pork eggrolls.  
- Pancit Bihon: clear, thin noodles stir-fried with carrots, cabbage, and chicken topped with green onions. Tasted good but I wish there was more to it. It was basically all noodles with very little vegetables and chicken. More veggies would have been great. I didn't care for more chicken because it was dry. The dish came with a side of bread. It had the consistency of a moist cornbread. 
- Chicken Adobo: 3 pieces of boned-in chicken with marinated with garlic, soy sauce, and vinegar. Served with white rice. The chicken was flavorful and tender. 

Service: The waitress was friendly and polite. One of the ladies from the back, I'm not sure if she was the owner or the chef, came out to greet us and asked how our food was. She thanked us for coming and wished to see us back again. I thought that was really nice of her.  

Final thoughts: Authentic Filipino food. I would love to come back and try their bakery.
The food is simply the best around for Hawaiian food in the valley.  The atmosphere is great and Jay the owner is one of the nicest guys I've ever come across. He's always there to greet you and make sure everything came out ok and that you like your food.  Prices are average but you get a lot of food - you're not walking out of there hungry!
Spam. The good kind. The adored by Hawaiians kind. Not the "You won the Nigerian lottery kind."  Just look for the billowing clouds of delicious smelling smoke in the vicinity of University and Mill and you've found Mai Island Grill. 

This take-out conunter style place is always hopping come lunch time and the barbecue aromas are quite trance-like. I've only had the barbecue beef and teriyaki chicken and both were quite good.  Yes, they sell spam musubi on the side if you so choose, and each meat comes on a bed of lettuce, a scoop of white rice and the ubiquitous macaroni salad in a little black styrofoam take out box.

It's a good bet for a cheap take out if you're near ASU.  3.5 stars.
When I went to ASU, I went there when they first opened my freshman year.  And it was my favorite place to go eat for my 4 years at ASU.

The food is awesome.  Totally awesome.  Jay, the owner, realized that I seemed to visit a bit, and made me work through the menu, and it's all fantastic.  

The Chicken Katsu is my personal favorite.  I can eat that all day if I could. The BBQ Chicken and BBQ mix are better than any other BBQ around the Valley as far as I am concerned.  And the Loco Moco is pretty legit.

Since Mai's got me started, I try to check out other Hawaiian restaurants when I get a chance to, but Mai's is still the best.  I miss it like crazy in the Bay (can you believe AZ Island food is better than what I can find here?!), but next time I head back to AZ, I know where I'll eat everyday!
Great (NON CORP) Food in tempe,
If you are in Tempe on a regular basis you owe it to your self to eat here for lunch.  
A  plate lunch will always satisfy a large appetite.  Jay has created a strong loyal crowed and a personal relationship with so many of his regulars.  I have no idea how he remembers everyone. 
After expanding his restaurant to a larger location Mai Island Grill has taken off.   All of Mai Island Grill's customers are waiting for jay to release more restaurants to satisfy the Hawaiian Plate lunch crowed outside of Tempe.
Quite possibly the best Loco Moco I've ever had.  It's hamburger patty, fried egg, and brown gravy heaven.  Gnarliest grinds I've had since I was in da 808, brah'.
mmmm.... to die for grilled chicken and beef.

Then only thing better than Jay remembering your order is walking in before the lunch rush.  Cash is a must.  But oh so worth it.
My grilled chicken had an awesome flavor.  The macaroni salad was boring, not one veggie in it, just noodles and sauce.  I went at noon and the spring rolls weren't prepared yet for the day.  Come on, it's noon!
Anyone know why they closed?

Great BBQ chicken.  The chicken Katsu is pretty darn good too.  The staff is friendly and they work hard to get orders out fast because at times this place can get super busy.  There are very few places to sit in or outside of the restaurant and even standing in line can get more than a little cramped.  But put up with the lack of space and you'll be happy once you're eating some delicious island cuisine.
OMG this restaurant almost made me swear off men. YES IT'S THAT GOOD! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Best grillers ever! I have only had the short ribs, beef and grilled chicken but it was enough to keep me going there about three times a week. You can EASILY share with someone.. yes it's that much meat (well, if you get the combo option or double meat option). Staff is quick and friendly. Parking kinda stinks but you get in and out so it's ok. I wish I wish I wish they were open more often (weekends and evenings) so I could have them for dinner! Next bbq I am having I am ordering from them and saying I cooked it :)
So good!  4.5 stars.  Like the others said bring cash.  We had the short ribs and barbeque chicken.....awesome.  They offer double meat option...would recommend that because portions are small otherwise.
Just OK. I would get my order to go in the future; the dining room is cramped and crowded at lunch. I got the beef, ribs, and chicken combo. The meat was good, but the macaroni salad was pretty bland. The sauces were a bit too sweet in my opinion, but edible. The menu is fairly limited, but that is probably because of the small space.
Yum.
Yum. Yum. Yum. I just got back from a trip to Hawaii a few weeks ago and have been craving Hawaiian food. I had heard about this place awhile ago so I was hoping could cure my tastebud's island blues. I'm not even kidding, this place was just as good if not better than some of the places I tried in Honolulu. Mahalo Mai Island Grill, you made this mainlander's day.

They are only open for lunch (too bad) and it was packed! I thought maybe because ASU is on winter break it might not be as busy but I was wrong. The place is tiny - only 4 tables inside that barely seat 3 and a couple tables outside.

I had the grilled mahi-mahi. Each order comes with a scoop of rice, a scoop of mac salad, and some lettuce under the meat. The fish was very tasty, not dry at all, and the serving was two decent sized pieces. The rice was a tad bit mushy but still good. The mac salad was delish! It had almost a sweetness to it that balanced the saltiness of the rest of the food.

Mai Island also serves Hawaiian Sun drinks which I have not seen anywhere else so you can enjoy guava juice or other tropical juices with your meal.

Someone else had mentioned that they had spam musubi. I didn't see it on the menu so either they don't serve it anymore or it's a special off menu item.

I will most definitely be returning to Mai Island Grill. I can't wait to try the Loco Moco! I just wish they were open on weekends!!
best hawaiian food in az thus far! def order the short ribs with a hawaiian iced tea! food is consistently delish!! cash only! very busy- as most of the people who eat there are ASU students!! mmmm...im craving some just talking about it.
I would give it one more star, but they lack vegetables or salad side orders. 

The meat however, tastes really good! I had their grilled chicken and my friend the beef. Both tasted really good. Portions are more than enough.
The place is small, so it can be difficult to get a good seat at noon. In exchange you'll get good attention!!
this place is the truth they must be putting crack in their chicken.  The place is small so get there right when they open at 11 and youll be fine bring cash bc thats all they take who cares the food is amazing.  Sometimes i shed a tear on weekends that they are not open.  The owner remembers your order and they are pretty quick LOVE this place so much in fact today at 11 i will be there!!!
I got the rib eye meal. It came with a scoop of rice, macroni salad, and some salad. I thought the meat was grilled perfectly, but the macaroni salad was eh. Tasted like store bought macaroni to me.

This place is really small so on a busy day you'll feel claustrophobic. When it gets crowded you will have a hard time getting a seat if you decide to eat there. Bring cash or you'll have to use the ATM machine when you get there.
I can't believe I made it through ASU without discovering this gem of a restaurant. This place is amazing. Aside from not accepting plastic forms of payment (the only drawback), this place is now on my lunch rotation. On the first trip I tried the BBQ chicken and the crunchy chicken, both very good. Can't wait to go back for more. It has very limited seating so plan on taking your food to go or avoid the lunch time rush.
Mai Island was one favorite places around Phoenix. Friendly service and fantastic food made this place one of those restaurants you looked forward to visiting. 

Sadly, it looks like it has closed as of Friday, 5/29. Hopefully, we will see it pop up elsewhere in the future.
Closed as of June 1. Moment of Silence
NOOOOOOOOO!!!! I'm SO bummed that Mai Island closed. Tried to go there for lunch today only to find a Gyro joint in it's place. I just about started to cry.

Mai Island, if you ever open again please let me know! I will be there ready and waiting for some chicken katsu. 

Mahalo!
Even though this place is closed, I am putting a little note here to say that every Hawaiian BBQ place I encounter is compared to Jay's Ma'i Island grill.  It is a high standard, because Ma'i island is the best Hawaiian BBQ I have ever had.  It was a well liked restaurant in Tempe, and it is a shame the owner moved away.

So, good luck other Hawaiian BBQ places, because the bar has been set high.
Sad to see this place closed :(
I like "Old Style" Vegas.
The S.F. Shrimp Bar and Deli can not get more "old Style."
Shrimp cocktail for $.99 - it does not get better than that.
Crab cocktail for $.99. once again.
Each comes in an old fashioned ice cream dish with a glop of spicey sauce.
Each comes with two packs of genuine saltine crackers.

The really great thing is live piano music for your enjoyment while you are dining. 
"Old Style" piano music played by older musicians that are glad to have a place for people to enjoy their talent.
The deli serves up some typical deli sandwiches with San Francisco names - the "Cable Car" etc, and they have a selection of iced beer and other drinks to go along with the fine shrimp.
Totally "Old School" - totally worth your time....
I always make a point to stop by Shrimp Bar & Deli at the Golden Gate for a shrimp cocktail (or two) and a French dip sandwich before we leave Vegas. Plus, I'm usually broke by then and a $10 meal is much needed. 

Do: Order either the Big Shimp Cocktail or a couple of the regular ones.
Don't: Order the combo one with krab - it's no good.

Do: Order a French Dip or the Gold Rush sandwich.
Don't: Order the Gold Rush with the au jus already on it, get it on the side.

Do: Listen politely to the piano player.
Don't: Try and play the piano. The folks at the counter get mighty upset.

Thumbs Up:
-Cheap!
-Live entertainment!
-Tasty!

Thumbs Down:
-Long lines and sometimes no seating.
-A greasy French dip isn't the best thing to have directly before a four hour drive home.
Had my first shrimp cocktail here over 25 years ago.  They're still just as good, or better, and they are still served in exactly the same way.  

There's always a long line, but that just tells you that it's a good place to eat.  I hope they never change a thing.

BIG FAN of everything in the Golden Gate !  Love it.
AWESOME! AWESOME!  AWESOME!

The shrimp cocktail is absolutely phenomenal.  It's only $1.99 ($.99 with a player's card) and it's totally worth $99.  The shrimp is fresh and tasty and the sauce is tangy and has a kick to it that only horseradish and wasabi gives.  Complement that with some salty crackers, lemon juice, and you have the best snack in Vegas!  It'll give you enough fuel to win some money on the tables before you go out and eat the $7.99 prime rib.  Ahh VEGAS!
My husband went here for a french dip while the rest of us were lost on Fremont Street. Luckily, he let us all taste it before devouring it himself. It was so good, we decided to come back on our last night. Which happened to be a Monday, the line was long and stayed that way. I had the 49er and it was delicious. We ordered two more french dips as well. It was great and the price is awesome. 

I am not one for shrimp but by the looks of it people love it. There was continuous slew of empty sundae glasses (which the shrimp cocktail is served in) being cleared from tables. 

Go here, its worth it. The atmosphere is classic Vegas. No trendy crowd or hoochies here. Just good times.
The Best Tail in Town !!!!!

come get your Shrimp on, Damn Tasty Shrimp Cocktails here !!!

and only .99 if you get a players card otherwise they are 1.99, and that still a damn good deal 

the Deli has some good Clam Chowder, and the Pastrami Sandwich is tasty as hell also

good place to get a quick bite to eat
Famous $1 shrimp cocktail (You gotta sign up at their Comp Club since it's $0.99 as a member now and $1.99 if not a member.)

How can you have fun at this place?  Easy!  Going nom, nom, nom, nom, nom while your girlfriend who hates shrimp watches in disgust!
$1.99 shrimp cocktails!  My drunken mission to get shrimp cocktail led me here.  I was not disappointed one bit!
I dont know about you, but this San Franciscan is so  NOT ordering a 99 cent shrimp cocktail in the middle of the desert!

I will however, order a massive crazy breakfast selection around noon on my last day in vegas.

The ladies in here are super sweet!  We sat at the cafe/deli bar, and 2 ladies were seriously handling the whole place. they must have refilled my coffee 8 times in the course of a half hour.

The breakfast is delish and what you would expect.

then the check comes, for two, $12???  yes people.

I gave the lady 30% tip and she was stoked.

Later we walked through the casino and all of the dealers were really friendly, asking you to come sit and play.

And they have $5 craps, which is hard to find on the strip, PALMS minimum is $10.

Will be back here for sure!
Still just 99¢

Yeah, you gotta sign up for a club card, and that uses up about 2 minutes of your vacation but it's only 99¢ for lunch, and it's enough to be filling without getting stuffed.

Add on a beer for 350¢, or a soda for much less.  Water is probably still free, but how cheap can you be?

And when you're done, you can do a review using the ¢ symbol in every paragraph.  

It's good too.  I mean tasty good, but that's just my 2¢ worth.
How can you not like this place? Even if you aren't a fan of the shrimp cocktails, you can still get a pretty awesome sandwich. The shrimp cocktails here are good because you get the whole tulip glass full of shrimp. No lettuce, onions, or other filler they use elsewhere. I"m not sure about the hours of this place. I've been all hours of the day, but last time I got there around 2AM and they were closed. Might be my bad luck to show up during their monthly cleaning night or maybe they've had to cut back on hours like a lot of other places recently.
This is still a great place to get a quick bite to eat. Do not be intimidated by the long lines. These people are pros and can get people in and out of line fast. They are famous for their delicious shrimp cocktail, which anyone who plays even a little can easily get as a comp. The rest of their menu is pretty good too. I keep telling myself I'm only going to get a sandwich or bowl of chili, but each time I find myself adding a shrimp cocktail to my order. On this visit, the guy making sandwiches looked new since he kept having to look at the menu to make sure he was putting everything he was supposed to on the sandwich. It still turned out to be one of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time.

One thing to note: water is not free here. A cup of water is $1 or you can buy a bottle of water which I think is also $1. The only bottles they have are the same ones you get from the cocktail waitresses; the small bottles. Just splurge and get a soda or a bottle of SOBE. They don't charge that much for them and you're already getting a deal on the food. They even have cheap bottles of beer that go great with the shrimp.

There was a sign up saying that the original shrimp cocktail will soon be $1.99 even for club members, but that members could get 99 cents price for one club point. Not a big deal for me since I usually play a little each visit. One club point is one dollar coin in meaning that if you put a dollar in a slot machine and lose it, you get a point. If you get lucky and turn that dollar into $1000, you still get a point. So worst case scenario you are still just paying the regular $1.99 price. Still a great deal.
Where else can you get a quality shrimp cocktail for 99 cents and a Guinness for $3 *inside* a casino in Vegas?!?!?!!?

Need I say more?

Oh wait, I will... great dancers shake their money maker between the tables looking down on you as you bet your wallet away.
I'm so disappointed! I went here for the famous 99 cent shrimp cocktail and it's now $1.99! 

However, it's still a bomb-diggity shrimp cocktail! It's served in a large glass parfait glass (not plastic or styrofoam) and they don't fill it with ice or bay shrimp, just medium-sized shrimp and spicy cocktail sauce. Not bad ...
Shrimp cocktail not great but a Vegas tradition I have to have 1 every time I go there you can buy the smaller size shrimp or the bigger shrimp that are a little more $ I think $3 and they taste a little better long line no worries I have never had to wait more than 5 minuets in even the longest of lines here this is as much of a must do as is the Fremont St experience
Shrimp Cocktail. Cheap and good. Beef Dip, plain but GOOD. 

Seriously, I love coming here for snacks. Their sandwiches are also really good and fresh.
$1.99 SHRIMP COCKTAIL!!!!

That really covers it! I've been going here since I was a youngin' and couldn't enjoy Vegas beyond the sights and the food my parents took me to. This being one of them! 

Cant go wrong with the cheap shrimp cocktail here, served up in an old soda fountain sundae glass; jam packed with shrimp smothered in cocktail sauce. Its a shrimp sundae of goodness!
One year later, 100¢ more...

Can anyone really be upset about the famous 99¢ shrimp cocktail going up to $1.99?  It's still a very tasty, light meal for only 2 bucks.  Other than the obvious reason for raising the price, let's look at the other reasons they needed to raise the price.

Kids today don't even know what a "¢" symbol is. It might as well be an early Egyptian hieroglyph.  The Egyptians aren't known for shrimp cocktails.

The "¢" is not on keyboards or smartphones.  I need to track all my Las Vegas activities on Facebook, in case of an alcohol related blackout.  What would I think if I missed a decimal and awoke the next morning thinking I ate a $99 shrimp cocktail?

99¢ shrimp cocktail just *sounds* cool.  The San Francisco Shrimp Bar and Deli isn't that cool.  Sure it's old-school downtown, but now they have dancing girls in the blackjack pit with loud music.  Beer isn't served in the deli anymore either.  Simply not cool.  Why stick with a price that makes you think differently?

Sooner or later, people were going to question where all these 99¢ shrimps were coming from.  It's the middle of the desert!  Tell me, how do they get here so cheaply, and can I car pool with them to save a buck?

They could easily sell this stuff for $6 on the strip, or $4 downtown.  It's really good.  It just isn't as cool or as exciting when you know the next time you review the place, you won't be able to use the ¢ sign in every paragraph.
tasty, inexpensive shrimp cocktails! always fresh tasting and cold!
I've also had their homemade Yukon potato chips, pretty tasty. 

i think they offer beers here and a few unmentionable menu items, come for the shrimp cocktail and move on

1.99 regular shrimp cocktail or 2.99 for a large
How do these tiny shrimps swim all the way to the desert?
Are these real shrimps?
Is this the best deal in downtown for a tasty treat?
If I win a hundred dollars on the tables I'm treating all my friends to a feast of sea creatures.  Thousands and thousands of shrimps shall perish at our hands.
This is the best shrimp cocktail in town. 

Their other food is also amazing (I had the clam chowder and many of their sandwiches). It's a great place for a lunch break and at very reasonable prices.
Best tail in town???Meh, its a-ok...Its now called Du-Pars Deli....we popped back in and saw people with 4,5,6 glasses of the ever so popular $1.99 Shrimp Cocktail, so we did like the tourists do and got in line.

While waiting, a couple of ladies were nice enough to hand us vouchers for free shrimp cocktails...Its really about quantity, not quality here, but at least we can now say "been there, done that....ALOHA!!!
I enjoyed the novelty of getting my mercury on for $3 in a big cup. The shrimp were of poor quality - of that I am sure - but love the concept and they tasted decent.
The ocean's roaches
with lemon and tabasco:
Pretty damned tasty!
Other food is served here, but most people come for the shrimp cocktail. It may not be the greatest you ever ate, but it certainly is a great value. The sundae  glass is full to the brim with shrimp, not half or 3/4 full of chopped celery or lettuce as with other places.

The shrimp in the $1.99 version are small but far from the tiniest I've seen, and they taste good. The cocktail made with the larger shrimp now costs $3.99, but I choose the little ones. You can get extra cocktail sauce, saltines, Tabasco sauce, and lemon if you like.

Under 21 are not allowed in this shrimp bar/deli in the Golden Gate Casino. Only soft drinks are available, no complimentary water is served, and the water fountain that used to be nearby has been removed. If you want a brew or two with your food, stop by the bar first; it's just a few feet from the entrance to the shrimp bar.
Only $1.99 for an old fashioned icecream glass full of delicious shrimp?! Need I really say more?
Awesome shrimp cocktails but horrible sandwiches
best shrimp cocktails on or near the strip. i love the old dirty feel of this place its old world vegas
Great Great Great!

Have been going to the GG for shrimp cocktail for years and years.  It's always the same... great.  The shrimps aren't huge, but this is by far the best cocktail sauce.  The perfect combination of cold shrimp, cold sauce, a squeeze of lemon, and some crackers  for the dippin'.  At $1.99... this is a no brainer.  You can't go downtown without going for the Golden Gate shrimp cocktail.  And their homemade potato chips are pretty damn good too.  Play a little in the pit and the pit bosses will happily give you coupons for the shrimp.  ENJOY!
We had to do the $1.99 shrimp deal.  For our tastes, it was fairly marginal, but for that price, it was ok.  I had to have at least two servings even though the shrimp seemed to be out of a box of pre-prepared & fairly small shrimp.
I gave this place 5 stars not because the food is anything special but because everyone should come try out the infamous shrimp cocktail. It's either $1 or free and a decent sized snack. While you're here you should checkout the freemont light show.
I was here maybe five years ago, and I fell in love with the deli at the Golden Gate... they made awesome sandwiches, served Coronas right off ice, and had a wealth of seating.  But above all, they offered their famous shrimp cocktails three different ways... with or without fake crabmeat, and jumbo.  I have pictures of colossal cocktail-sauce splattered pyramids of  shrimp cups that my friends and I constructed.

Fast-forward to 2013... if you want shrimp, that awesome Golden Gate shrimp bar and deli is long gone... to make way for some slot machines, probably.  The famous shrimp cocktail dispensary is now relegated to a tiny chiller box behind the counter at Du-Pars, the casino's diner. 
Shrimp are still tasty at $2.99, and they come with saltines and a slice of lemon.  But not nearly as sweet as the memories I have of yesterdays gone by...
FAIL!!!!!  
This place is no longer in existence! I asked around for the whereabouts of this place and the employees of Golden Gate Hotel acted like they never even heard of this place. WTF!?!
A few underwhelming experiences of egg rolls that tasted like mushy wet newspaper, mucousy (not a word, but I'm going with it) soups, and disappointing dishes, have made me a little gun-shy of the Chinese restaurants in the K-W area. 

But China Garden was different. 

It's not much to look at inside, but the food is delicious - and *consistently* delicious. No matter what you order off the menu, you won't be disappointed. 

I'll confess that I'm not too adventurous when it comes to Chinese food, but I have tried everything that my (way more adventurous) partner orders and I love it all. China Garden is so good that I trust whatever they make will be tasty. 


If you've been disappointed with other K-W area Chinese (-Canadian) take-out, give China Garden a try.
This is my "go-to" lunch Chinese food restaurant.  The place isn't a fine dining restaurant, but is great for a quick meal.  Michael and David run the place and they are efficient even when it is busy.  There are 26 lunch specials and there is plenty of variety (I have tried most of them) for a reasonable price.  As a bonus, there is wireless internet next door at Williams and it works great in the restaurant.
You would think that in a town with a huge Asian student population that the Chinese food would be more superior?

We checked out China Garden after a gradution ceremony at Waterloo.  It was an odd time - 3pm (too late for lunch, too early for dinner) but we were starving from the 3 hour long ceremony.  

We ordered a 6-item set menu that included:

- house soup
- spicy tofu
- deep fried tofu pot with sea food
- beef and Chinese broccoli
- sweet and sour pork
- half a white chicken

And I believe the rice came with the set menu as they brought us out a family sized portion to share.  All in all, the food was decent but nothing outstanding.  And it did not come with dessert at the end, not even sliced oranges or fortune cookies for the White guys.  Humph.

Can't comment on pricing as someone else in the party took care of the bill.  

Service was a bit slow, even though the restaurant was empty.  The owners kids were running around playing tag.  My parents use to own a restaurant and if we did that, they would have chopped our legs off with a meat cleaver or given us the beats with a feather duster.  I didn't really mind the kids but just saying'.
YUM! This is my grandma's favorite Chinese restaurant to head out to. Unfortunately, it's a hole in the wall place so many people drive right by it. The food is delicious and comes out in a timely manner. My family and I tried the seafood tofu soup, my mom's favorite. Even she had to agree that the texture and silkiness of the soup was appealing. The portions and prices are agreeable as well. I definitely recommend the black bean beef chow fun for those who love chow fun. The beef is tender and cooked perfectly. In addition, the seafood chow mein is not short on real seafood. Using large, crunchy shrimps and lots of cuttlefish and vegetables, the dishes are healthy and very tasty. Even though I'm not from Canada, I know I will be returning whenever I visit again!
I got the dinner special with a spring roll, sweet and sour soup, chicken balls, and noodles. The service was great, he was friendly and helpful, recommending and suggesting, which I appreciated. The meal came to just over 11$. Everything was pretty good, but the chicken balls and the spring roll were my highlights. I wouldn't order the sweet and sour soup again (I'm not a soup person but wanted to try it), and I would order rice instead of the noodles. Food came out in under 5 minutes from walk in order. 
I would go there again.
This place is much better than the rest of the chinese restaurants around, but it is still sad compared to GTA of course. I come here pretty often.
Great food great service. Michael is the best
Rate this place 3.5. Good food and service.
Not very authentic. Or maybe because I'm not Chinese that I didn't get the real stuff, but it's typical Americanized Chinese takeout. And not very good at that. I ordered the house special with chicken and it didn't come with rice. Tasted like fried chicken in BBQ sauce.
This area doesn't have a plethora of great Chinese options but this is one of the better places even if its ambiance hasn't been great in the past.  They've recently made a very conscious effort to significantly improve the look of the place.  

Contrary to the view of another reviewer, the food is pretty authentic (you can judge by seeing the number of Chinese families eating there on Saturday mornings for dim sum) though I suppose it depends on what you order.  While I was born in the area, I travel to China often Dim sum is decent (I wouldn't say it's stellar by any stretch but again, relative to the other options in the area this is probably the best place for dimsum relative to value).
An honest Chinese restaurant serving probably the most authentic Chinese food in the KW area.  Saturday and Sunday mornings are very busy with  dim sum patrons, which is a great time to go and try various delicacies as the hustle and bustle and loud conversation is all part of the fun.  

We've been going here for years and it's definitely one of my family's go-to places.  I highly suggest Crystal Palace for your Chinese food cravings!
worst ever! the lady messed up my order and when i came to her for refund because i coldnt wait anymore she started shaking and barely gave me my $ back and accused me of eating it, as she gave me $ back she said you are not welcome here anymore' i was speechless so unprofessional!! do not go here , even when they dont receive good tip they dont even thank you , money hugry! god forgive them!
Good Chinese food, generous portions. They serve dim sum steamed to order all the time. They also offer a lunch buffet. I will be back!
Two, weekday buffet.

Since most of the asian restaurants in the area we were hoping to eat at (Watami, Hot Wheels Cafe) are closed Mondays, we ended up at Crystal Palace for its weekday lunch buffet.

For $7.95 lunch buffet, you can't go wrong. It's priced similarly to ordering a combo in the plaza near the University of Waterloo, yet buffet-style giving a choice in what and how much to eat. The hot tables were filled with all the usual: sesame chicken, fried rice, fried noodle, onion rings, chicken balls w/ sweet and sour sauce, chicken wings, various veggie dishes, etc. A cold area had tiramisu, jello, mussels, shrimp (not deshelled) and ice cream (that was frozen solid and hard to get out).

The quality of the food wasn't great, but for Westernized Chinese food in Waterloo (unless you drive to the far end of Kitchener), there aren't that many choices, and probably none other that have a buffet. Good deal for the price. Will have to return again to try the dimsum.
Decent dim sum. Good value. Service was very good. The pan fried dumplings were not the best. All other items were very good. Do not hesitate to go.
Been here for the weekend dimsum quite a few times. Most of the menu items are decent but not outstanding. Probably as good as it gets value-wise for dimsum in the KW-region.

IMO - stay away from the siu mai.
I had heard of this bakery from a competitor who holds shop in Chandler.  I have fond memories of delicious cakes from Red Ribbon from birthday parties of years past back home.   Filipinos LOVE to throw a party, and I swear cakes from Red Ribbon were always present.  You can imagine the nostalgia that swept over me, then, when I finally found this bakeshop situated near the food court in Arizona Mills.

The shop looked so pretty- all lit up and all these enticing baked goods wrapped in plastic/cellophane with candy-red printing.  (Hmm... an alarm went off in my head after seeing them all wrapped up.)  The shop looked very clean, with welcoming tables and chairs, and my, how lovely those cake rolls look in the case!  Imagine, then, my disappointment upon reading the nutrition info on these plastic-wrapped goods to find that most, if not all, items are made with margarine, not butter.  These baked goods failed the "farm vs. factory" test- ingredients listed sound more like they're mechanically-produced in a factory rather than being all-natural, such as "flour, eggs, butter, milk," etc.  Before sampling what I must admit was a delicious morsel of mocha crunch cake, I asked if the frosting contained powdered sugar.  The sales clerk looked at his coworker, whom I assumed is a manager, who looked at him, then looked at me, and then said "We think it's whipped cream."  Think??  How can you not know what ingredients are used in the products you sell?  I also inquired if any items are made on-site.  No, he said.  Everything is shipped/trucked in, and the only preparations done at the bakeshop are the frying- the FRYING- of the empanadas and the re-heating of the siopao and noodle dishes.  

Sorry Red Ribbon, but this Filipina only wants goods baked with butter, not margarine.  I said BAKED, not fried.  With the exception of the pie shell used in the egg pie, all of the pastries served at Manila Bakery are made on-site, so you won't find preservatives listed in the ingredients, as well.  

My fond memories of those cakes will have to be just that, memories.  All the better when it comes to those twice-daily weigh-ins...
The place really resembled the Red Ribbon in the Philippines but it's  a smaller place and less classy environment than what I was used to back home. I could remember that back home, since it merged with Jollibee, it had updated its restaurants to contemporary interior designs. But here, it was so small and cute that maybe it wasn't able to show off much. 

The food tastes like authentic Filipino dishes and it was goood!!! We had dinuguan, a dish made with chopped liver, heart, and other insides and placed in a delicious soup made of chicken blood. hehehe. It's like tinumis but I like the former better. What I didn't like about their dinuguan was it didn't have any of the liver, heart and all the tasty animal insides and stuff I like about it (as if blood stew was not an issue here, i miss betamax!) --- has chopped pork and fat only =( sigh*. Probably it played it safe for its other customers who staves off uric acid and for the gastronomically weak people hehe.

We sampled the banana walnut cake and cheese mamon which also tasted good and moist. For cake, I got chocolate mousse and brazo de mercedes. I didn't like the brazo de mercedes =p I had better... I want my brazo to have more creamy goodness in the middle (thicker filling please)... I remember I had better brazo de mercedes in goldilocks and even in a local bakery back home than this one. I enjoyed the mousse though. Probably I'll try more cakes here in the future =)

I was spying while other people were eating their meals =p The family next to us had lumpiang sariwa (fresh lumpia) and I smiled because when the mom took a first bite out of it, she said "mmmmm." hehehe. I'll try the lumpia next time! =)

What I loved the most was the pancit palabok =) It was so delicious! It's almost at par with Tonang's palabok in kalentong. Nothing can beat Tonang's but it's the next best thing (this is what a die hard fan of Tonang's says). 

So...when I come back...watch out sansrival and ensaymada, you're next.
On the second and third visit, I tried the lumpiang sariwa, the arroz caldo and the ensaymada.  I was struck in awe with the first bite. The lumpia wrapper with the sweet sauce was so good. The filling had only carrots, potatoes, and a leaf of lettuce only (sigh*) unlike the traditional lumpia  which had more ingredients (peanuts, singkamas etc.) .  

I would give a 3-star for that not-so-fresh lumpia and the filling, but the manager was so nice and sweet that I want to keep coming back --- and to add to it, their other dishes like dinuguan and the arroz caldo are delicious. They probably just made a mistake on the lumpia. And I haven't tried all their cakes yet.

I loved the arroz caldo even if it wasn't the traditional arroz caldo I know. Because they added mushrooms to it and I wasn't able to find saffron in it. But it was still good but not as good as what I am used to eating back home, in small food stands along the smoky and busy streets of Manila. 

Back home, the arroz caldo had no mushrooms or anything fancy, it had ox tripe, intestines, chicken, and saffron. I miss the streets food I'm used to =p I haven't tried the arroz caldo in Red Ribbon back home so I am unable to compare it to this one, sayang!

I loved the ensaymada...just like the ones I buy in local bakeries back home but better. I just love the taste of margarine because it tastes like home to me =) This was better than the one back home because they used Parmesan and cheddar cheese.

I am still coming back for more!!! I still haven't tried the sansrival here yet and the mango cake. =) I want the Ube shake next time too =)
I ordered the Arroz Caldo (Chicken/Shitiake Mushrooms/Green Onions in Congee)- it was very tasty.  My friend ordered the Palabok which was unfortunately not so great.  The cakes that I've tried are stupendously moist, light and flavorful.  Most pleasantly suprised.
On previous visits, I've had decent service and always liked their chicken empanadas, which I still like. And If I happen to be at AZ mills already, then I'd deal with the luke warm service just to order one to munch on while shopping.  So, prior to today, I would have rated them a 3 or 4 star. 

Today, I drove out just because my brother had been really craving a good piece of cake. So we trekked it out to Red Ribbon.   Starting with the good.  The eating area was clean.  My almost 2 year old daughter loved playing on the cool orange chairs.  

Unfortunately, my brother & I don't recommend going out of your way, like we did, just to come & try Red Ribbon at AZ Mills.  So, Now with the not so good, my brother decided on a red velvet cupcake.  There were three on a tray along with 3 chocolate mint cupcakes and a white cupcake.  The sales lady told him, "Oh that's just for display."  My brother & I exchange glances, because he was just joking about this possibly happening!   

The sales lady promptly suggested we buy the four pack of mint chocolate cupcakes. My brother didn't like the look of the chocolate cupcakes, plus he only wanted one!  So, he asked for the only other cupcake option, one white cupcake. She told him it was for display also. 

I suggested that maybe they should sell the cupcakes individually. She responded that they do that. So, I was thinking OK, so why can't he order that red velvet cupcake? but oh, well, maybe it was old. 

Slightly perturbed, but not yet willing to abandon our quest, i ordered the Ube Boba Shake, because they were out of Mango.  While my bro made his final choice, he noticed there was one white cupcake, that was in the tall refrigerator behind the counter.  It was inside a plastic four pack container, along with one chocolate mint cupcake.  The lady said, "Oh, that's just icing from a previous mango cupcake..." My bro asked to see that one anyway. 

She seemed to me, to be reluctant as she went to the fridge & got out the pack. And lo and behold, it was not just icing, it was a white cupcake. Odd that she would tell us that it was just icing. 

So, my brother asked if he could get that one, specifically pointing to the white cupcake in the pack. The lady again, proceeded to put the four pack of mint chocolate cupcakes in a bag... 

My brother & looked at each other again. I told her that this was just confusing and that she looked like she was getting stressed out & I apologized for that. But, my bro wanted that one white cupcake. She finally rung us up for that mango cupcake. Relieved to be done with us, she quickly asked the next customer if she could help them, without giving me my Ube Shake. I asked if it was ready?  Without saying anything, she walked away to the back, then came back & told me they're still making it. In my head, I'm thinking, OK....I just don't get the feeling that we are a valued customer. 

While waiting for my shake, I tasted the cupcake that was so difficult to get.  I liked the icing, because it was light and not overly sweet.  But the cupcake itself, was nothing special to write about.   My brother also told me he tried their pancit on a previous visit and thought it was, in his words "Blegh!"   I told him how I like their chicken empanadas, but he was no longer interested in trying anymore of their food. 

When I finally got my shake shortly after, it was nice & cold and had a thick texture like a shake should have, but really did not taste great. Mainly because the boba had a strange texture to it, like some parts were hard and some semi soft.   Also, to be fair, I'm usually not an ube fan in general. But, even still, I just thought it tasted bland and with a hint of sweetness/ chalkiness. I guess I was hoping for something more exotic with such a bold purple color. I think the price of $3 something after taxes is high for what you get.   I suggest taking two more steps passed Red Ribbon to Gloria Jeans or Haagen Daz if just want a good shake.  And I will save my Boba Shake cravings for Lollicup or AZ Boba Tea House. 

So unfortunate that we didn't have a good experience at all.  I really want to support our local Filipino restaurants. Hence, why we went out of our way to get to Red Ribbon.    I feel bad giving them a 1 star, so I'm giving them an extra star...If Red Ribbon can improve on their customer service at least, then I would recommend people  try it.  Because I'm sure they've got to have something good on their menu, it's just we didn't have any luck with what we ordered nor with the service...
I love red ribbon....To an extent.

       I was born and raised on Goldilocks(if you do not know what this is given the fact its only in two states CA/NV i forgive you) so it is impossible to sway me from them to red ribbon that's just crazy talk. Red ribbon would have to change their whole way of doing things and add more to their menus and bakery selections.  I find it SEVERELY annoying that a chain Filipino restaurant such as this one to not carry ensymada rolls without ube or macapuno(coconut). I swear Arizona is making it impossible for me all my favorite things i have to order online or have shipped over by family in San Jose, CA. Disappointing and Pathetic if you ask me.  Arizona has a minimal but decent amount of Filipinos in the state...Why can't i find anything worth going to on a regular basis?!  
      Red ribbon has the better cakes so far that i can remember versus Goldilocks but i might be just basing it merely on the mousse cake i tried from red ribbon. I HATE regular cake except my red velvet cake or any of the cakes from nothing bundt cakes will work for me. Anyhow Red ribbon like i said has some Amazing chocolate mousse cake that is just to die for. That is the one thing i will recommend over and over.  I would rather have that on my birthday then a real birthday cake. But hey that is just me! i am not a fan of buttercream at all so does not excite me in the slightest.

Red ribbon managers please make me some ensyamadas with ube pretty please and send it over to the mills mall i would greatly appreciate it so i do not have to order a pack of 12 from Goldilocks for me to eat by myself! =[
There are a few Filipino restaurants here in the valley but this is the ONLY Red Ribbon in the state of Arizona. I've been to a few of these joints in Cali, Vegas, the Philippines... and I must say, for the size of this location and the limited menu its still a great place to eat at if you're craving pinoy food. Its located inside of AZ Mills Mall (not in the food court).

The baked goods are not fresh but the entries are. The palabok is on point! One of my faves. Its really hard to mess up palabok though. The deserts were ok.
They have palabok! But they don't sale ube cake anymore since two months ago :(
Not good empanada
Closed today.  I don't know for how long, maybe out of business?!
Mmmmm Baxters. If there was a fight between Heinz soup and Baxters soup, Baxters would totally kick Heinz ass. 

This shop/cafe has all the Baxters goodness that you need. Tourists love Baxters, well I reckon they do because I keep seeing these Baxters stores popping up and I assume it's for tourists. This shop has all the flavours of Baxters soup that you could ever need, as well as cheese, whiskey, sweets and other condiments. It has some touristy bits and pieces too.

The cafe is great, and if I make the trip to Ocean Terminal (not often), then I usually eat here. The service is great and the view makes it even better. With a huge glass window you can look out over the water while enjoying a big bowl of soup and bread. Yum.
I grew up in a small town called Buckie, in the north east of Scotland. Not much happened there, but about 10 minutes down the road in a town called Fochabers, Baxters was born. The original village (because it is a village, there's no other way of describing it) was built here to celebrate all things Baxters. So when I saw the shop in Ocean Terminal, I had to pay it a visit!
Baxters has got a good reputation for its soup and for celebrating everything Scottish. What most people don't know, is that up north it is famous for their Pancakes - they could make a grown man weep.  I was disappointed when I saw they didn't make them here, but it's a good shop nevertheless. This branch is more for condiments and soups than homebakes and lunches, so I felt a but let down in that respect, but Baxters produces such high quality stuff, it only took a tin of Cullen Skink to forgive.
I can honestly say that I think I'm one of Baxter's soups biggest ever fans and as I write this review I'm waiting for a tin of cock-a-leekie to heat up, the simple pleasures in life, eh? Tragic.

This Baxter's shop doesn't just stock soup but also a whole range of oatcakes, pasta sauces, Scottish themed sweets, kitchen ware, chocolate and I even bought myself a sun screen stick and a miniature pear juice box - it was too cute. My friend also enjoyed browsing round Baxters and purchased a few packets of flavoured oatcakes and some tasty looking Japanese rice cakes too. 

It's brightly lit, very well organised store and the woman who served us was very friendly and bubbly too.
We all love a good tin of Cock-a-Leekie or Oxtail, and where better to get it than an official Baxter's outlet? This is the only such official store / cafe I've ever seen, and it acts as both a magnet and a shrine for tinned soup fans the world over.

Being of significantly higher quality, but only marginally higher price, than other brands it shares shelf space with at  Tesco, Baxters soup is one of the Scotland's greatest exports, and a true industry standard. This store is more than deserving of a few of your well-earned pounds. I went for a nice tin of Scotch Broth the last time, It was lovely.
This restaurant has style and the menu to suit but the atmosphere was lacking something with just made it feel a good place to eat and not a great place to eat, couldn't pin it down. The food was very good and a good wine selection, but not somewhere I would return too. 4-stars from me for quality of food and serive but I wouldn't be a retuning customer.
Zazou is a friendly little floating cafe docked on the Union Canal adjacent to Harrison Park. They offer hot and cold drinks as well as a few snacks. The interior is pleasant with wooden tables and chairs. Our drinks were served in glass - not paper or plastic. We were a crew of three moms and four under-fours. The amiable proprietor did not bat an eye at the ensuing chaos and was very accommodating. There were even complimentary crayons and paper for the wee ones. If you are on, or near, the canal, definitely pop in for a cuppa or a snack! You can duck inside out of the rain, or sit at the helm in the sun! I will definitely be returning.
A cool little cafe on a narrowboat docked in a tree lined canal near a cute bridge-not the newest decor inside but a cozy place nevertheless!  You can sit outside too! The chai tea was just alright but the assorted desserts they have are really good (all packaged and inexpensive)-the millionaire's shortbread was awesome. flapjack & viennese swirl were pretty good.  The owner's cute dog adds a nice touch!  It's a great place for a lazy afternoon & perfect for a date!
Tucked away and out of plain sight, you could walk straight past this place and never know it existed. Why? Because it's a cafe on a narrowboat! 

The cafe is open Thu - Sun, so make sure to take a wander along the canal on one of those days so you can nip in to this quaint place, enjoy a brew and feel the ground under feet shoogle with your weight. 

A friendly guy kitted out in spectacular dreadlocks seems to run the cafe. We only stayed for tea and coffee, but the hot beverages provided were lovely and also cheap. Apparently the coffee was excellent. There are also cakes, vegan options and biscuits on offer, so those wanting a sweet treat with their tea will be well rewarded.

Can't really recommend more. Great secret place to find in the city.
Would you like to have Chinese food in a clean environment?  Dragon Express is not only clean but impressive.  The owners did a great job remodeling.  You don't have to dress up to eat here but their decor and friendliness could put PF Changs to shame.  

Dragon Express is owned by a really nice couple from China.  They take pride in the food they serve and the restaurant itself.  There are very few Chinese restaurants that I don't fear what the kitchen looks like.  Here you can look right into the kitchen.  

The food is always good.  My favorite is their orange chicken.   The prices are pretty decent.  I don't care for the cheesecake but I'm just not familiar with the flavors.  Someone else would probably love it.  I do love their ice tea.  

They deliver but we love going in and talking to the owners.  If you are in Mesa don't hesitate to give them a try.
I love this place. They truly have great food for a great price. As far as standard "fast" Chinese food goes I have never had better. 

The decor and environment is awesome and the food is better, plus.. they have two flat screens on ESPN all the time. They staff is super friendly and it only takes once or twice to become a regular where they already know your order when you walk in. 

I highly recommend this place.
We were back again tonight and food, service and atmosphere was outstanding as always.  Good Chinese food is sometimes hard to find.
Good food, friendly staff, awesome lunch specials and clean atmosphere. That makes it a 5 star.
I've been twice now. Today I ordered the twice cooked pork with lo mein instead of rice. The thing I like most about this place is the amount of fresh veggies in their dishes! The pork was brimming with zucchini, carrots, onions (and probably something else I'm forgetting)... And the lo mein was loaded with bean sprouts, onion, green onions... Lunch specials are 5.99 and come with a mini spring roll.

The spring rolls were not anything to write home about either for taste or price at 2.99 for 2.
I've been here twice for lunch and both times were hot, fresh, and delicious! The dining area is clean and staff is friendly. I'll definitely be back for a third time (and more)!
Great lunch spot! All the meals are tasty, solid healthy options like subbing steamed veggies for rice & the restaurant is clean & updated. I usually get the kung Pao chicken which you can never go wrong with.
A few months ago our favorite Chinese food restaurant went out of business [sniff]. My husband and I were devastated! Ok, that's a little dramatic... but we needed to find a place from where we could get our Chinese food fix! We got online, ran a search on Yelp for "Chinese food," read countless reviews on various restaurants, and finally settled on Dragon Express. It was out of our way to drive to Alma School/Baseline but we were willing to make the sacrifice. Upon arriving to the restaurant I was immediately impressed. The atmosphere was so welcoming and unlike any Chinese food restaurant I had been to! There were pictures of all the food making it simple to choose what you wanted, the dining area was clean, and the cashier/waitress was SO FRIENDLY! She immediately brought my kids snacks to eat while we waited. It's my opinion you can tell the quality of a good Chinese food restaurant by their egg roll, so needless to say we ordered egg rolls. Not only was the presentation appetizing, their freshness and taste is unmatched to any other egg roll I've ever tasted. AND to top it off the Sweet & Sour Chili dipping sauce is incredible! I ordered Beef Lo Mein and my husband ordered the Orange Chicken; both were absolutely delish! We were so impressed by our first experience that we've been back twice! Each time we try something different and have yet to try something we don't like! Keep this place in business and eat there often! You won't be disappointed! Thank you Yelp for helping us find our new FAVORITE Chinese food restaurant!
Friendly service, fast, and good food plenty of it. Definitely not the best Chinese I've had but certainly great food.
Their lunch specials are my cup of tea- which unfortunately is not included.  For $5.99 ($6.99 for shrimp entrees) you get your choice from 22 entrees, brown or white rice and a small spring roll.  They are a comparative alternative to Pei  Wei's.  Been there twice and plan to visit again soon.
Wow, this place was PACKED! Came in around 12 on a weekday, and EVERY TABLE was taken! If that's not a good sign, then I don't know what is!

Food was great. Ordered the shrimp with lobster sauce, very savory!! The sauce had so much flavor! And they give you TONS OF SHRIMP!!! I hate it when you pay extra for seafood and they give you like 4 pieces..here they give you like 15! There were so many! I also like the fact that they have a brown rice option for no extra charge. You can also sub the regular rice for fried rice or noodles for a little bit extra. Lunch specials are great! 5.99 (or 6.99 for shrimp) and it includes rice and a 'dragon' spring roll. 

Since they were so busy, service was a little bit slow.....it took them 25 minutes to get my takeout (or take-away, depending on where your from, lol) ready. Not super fast if you have a limited amount of time for a lunch break..... Also, I asked the girl if I could sub steamed veggies for my rice (as a fellow yelper mentioned you could do) but, she just stared at the register buttons, and was like "nope, I don't see that option on here" :/ yeah....she may not have been the sharpest tool in the shed (I tend to believe my fellow yelper over a girl who seemed a little bit lost and somewhat unmotivated to do her job, tho she could have just been overwhelmed by the overhead...) However, they were nice and did appologize for the wait. 

Anyways, overall, great food in a cute and clean little restaurant....I'll be back!
Went back today......ordered chicken moo goo gai pan, ah-MAZE-ing!!!! 

I am hence upgrading my review to 5 stars, because, YUM! (I have never had such fresh and perfectly cooked veggies from a Chinese restaurant....and WOW, that wine sauce was SOOOOOO GOOD!!)

oh, and service was much better today :)
Thanks Yelp for another great restaurant pick.

After her swimming lessons a few blocks away, my daughter wanted to go for Chinese food.  We arrived and approached the counter to order our lunch.  My daughter wanted noodles so I ordered her the Chicken Lo Mein from the kids menu.  I wanted something spicy (and not deep fried), so I decided on the Spicy Korean Pork and upgraded to fried rice (white or brown steamed rice are the standard options).

Our lunch arrived in about 5 minutes.  My daughter thoroughly enjoyed her noodles and had enough to take home for supper because of the large portion.  The only complaint I had was the total lack of vegetables (it even says "no vegetables" on the kids menu, which I noticed later).  The Korean Pork dish was absolutely delicious. There was a small, crisp bean in my dish that was so yummy and fresh.  I asked the clerk what it was and she told me it was a certain kind of bean (not a string bean) that they get from the Asian Market on Main and Dobson.  I traveled to China in 1998 and remembered this vegetable in several dishes then.

Will definitely go again!  Great place for a quick lunch!  This time I'll ask them to add veggies to my daughters meal. I want to try the chicken lettuce wraps!
My new favorite Chinese restaurant. Super clean, extremely friendly staff and very fresh Chinese food. I'm not the biggest fan of Chinese food, but since I found this place I have been 3 times in a month or so...
That's right-a CHINESE place! I don't eat pizza EVERY day...
I love this place-their chicken fried rice is fabulous-big pieces of honest-to-God white meat chicken and a pretty big portion. They have the kind of egg rolls I like (I'm an egg roll snob, and very few places will do), and their lunch special is a lot of food for the price.

A la carte items are more pricey than other Chinese places-but their delivery is very prompt, their staff is unfailingly polite, and the restaurant is extremely clean.

One of my faves!
This place cannot disappoint!  
Their portions are HUGE, my husband and teen son can share one meal.  Everything on the menu is great, the service is fast, and the staff is very nice.
ZERO Stars... My husband and I both were not impressed. The food was over priced and it was either mushy or dry. Everything had the same flavor... Bland. Yucky
Dragon Express is my go-to Chinese delivery place. They are always fast, friendly, and the food is great. My favorites are their Kung Pao Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, and Fried Rice. The crab puffs and beef skewers are also amazing.
I have been dying for a good place that delivers that isn't pizza, and DE didn't disappoint! I gave them a call to see if I was in their delivery boundaries, and luckily I was, and I had a few people over so we ordered kung pao, chicken teriyaki, lo mein, fried rice, and pad thai. They said it would take about an hour, and I believe the food arrived in about 50 minutes. It was bagged up nicely and the gent who dropped it off was very polite. I was really surprised at the amount of food and the quality just opening all of the boxes, and I was very glad that everything tasted so good :)

I tried them again for delivery two nights ago and got orange chicken, brown rice, and  pot stickers, all of which were delicious. Will definitely recommend.
I have been craving Chinese for a long time and Yelp directed me towards this place. The interior is very bright and clean and the small staff all seemed friendly enough. 
I got an entree of sweet and sour chicken with lo mein (an extra $1 if you want that instead of rice) for under $9. I also got a side of crab angels/ragoons/puffs (5 for under $4). The lo mein was very thick and a lot was stuffed in the box. The chicken was breaded and fluffy, with plenty of S&S sauce. There was also a few vegetables thrown in (but not a TON to take up space which is a definite bonus for me). The ragoons were a good size and the stuffing was very flavourful - cheese, chives and (what I assume is) fake crab balanced just right not to overpower each other in the flavour department.
It seems a little more Panda Express than I was hoping for when I went searching Yelp, though it wasn't set up like Panda where the food's been sitting out for who knows how long so that's definitely a bonus; everything seemed really fresh. The food itself was pretty good but, again, pretty standard for a Chinese fast food place.
I'll just have to keep looking for a less Westernized non-buffet Chinese food restaurant around these parts.
Tried Dragon Express for the first time tonight. We ordered take out and it was ready in 10 minutes. We had the Dragon Sampler, General's, and Kung Pao chicken. Delicious and huge portions. Husband loved the beef skewers. This will be our go to Chinese place from now on.
My hubs and I LOVE this place! 

We drove all the way from Maricopa just to eat here yesterday and the food was, and   always is, Amazing!  The staff is super nice and they give you some watermelon with your fortune cookie at the end.  

We will be going there every other week to get a different dish everytime. I am going to be trying the spiciest dishes near the end of my pregnancy to hopefully get the baby going.. can't wait!! 

Love Dragon Express! :)
Yelp reviewers save the day once again with this Chinese delivery gem!!

Best damn crab puffs I've had in a long time!  This place has quality food, made fresh and they actually care about the presentation!  I didn't think Chinese delivery like this existed.  No more ordering from the other guys!

General Tso's chicken on fried rice was awesome.  Next time ill ask them to make it extra spicy because it wasn't very spicy or hot at all.  Nonetheless it was freshly cooked and still crispy unlike every other time I've ordered delivery from the other guys.

Mongolian Beef on fried rice was good as well.  The meat didn't taste like it had been sitting around in sauce for several hours like most Chinese fast food.

The even have great service and fast delivery!  The guy who takes my order calls me, 'sir.'  I like this place!
My husband and I order from this place when don't have time to prepare dinner. I can pretty much tell you everything on the menu is awesome!
It's nice place! Whenever i found chance, i go there for dinner or lunch. Tasty food quality. I recommend it to all my group friend.
We got hunan chicken extra spicy, thai basil beef, side of fried rice and crispy potstickers.
All awesome but i think they put too much oil in the fried rice personally. igredient were all fresh and veggies still crisp not overcooked.
Order got here within half an hour and they do have a $2 delivery fee which is nothing compared to other people's $3. 
will definitely ordr here again.
I just reviewed Kwan's Sampan, and also just gave it 5 stars, but these places are quite different than each other. Experience fresh, crispy, tasty modern Asian fare at mall food court prices. This is a much more modern take on Chinese/Asian food. If you don't like your food fried, battered, and swimming in a sea of Sweet & Sour sauce, or gravy, then you've hit the jackpot with Dragon Express.
Pretty good. Restaurant is clean.  The hot and sour soup is bit bland.
Awesome lunch specials!! Food always tastes fresh and delicious!
Standard Arizona "Chinese" fare. I ordered takeout from this place and both dishes were soggy and bland.  The service was great and the food was ready for pickup within ten minutes, my only problem was that the food wasn't very good.
Good overall quality, a nice selection, and they deliver to my office. I tried the crab puffs and the sampler platter for my last order. The egg drop soup is especially good with a side of crispy noodles. You can order via Grub-hub.
Like others said, "typical" Arizona Chinese take out. I do return because the food is good and not covered in sauce and oil like some places, visually appealing. I must say I do LOVE their hot&sour soup. So far I think it's the best I've had. What pisses me off is that tiny spring roll they give you, it's like a slap in the face. The portions are smaller than most places, but quality seems a little higher.
I was so amped to try this place out, but my experience was disappointing. My friend and I ordered delivery. They advised it would be an hour, but I believe we got it in 45 minutes. The crab angels (rangoons) and potstickers were so delicious! The crab angels were creamy and full of flavor. They were, by far, the best I've ever tasted. The potstickers also had lots of flavor packed into each bite. If the meal ended there, I would be giving this place 5 stars. Then came the kung pao. Hmmm...isn't Kung Pao supposed to be spicy? It was breaded...which I've never experienced eating it that way before and it was sweet.  If it wasn't for the few peanuts thrown in there, I would say I got the wrong meal.  After three bites, I couldn't eat a sweet kung pao anymore. I decided to try out my friends orange peel chicken, but as he was looking through my cupboards for spices, I wasn't hopeful. After taking a bite, I agreed it was bland. Needless to say we didn't finish our plates. I guess next time I'll just stick to the appetizers...
My girl friend ordered the Twice Cooked Pork and I had the Moo Goo Gai Pan and both were super scrumptious! We also shared Edamame and Crispy Potstickers as appetizers. They were out very quick and everything was tasty. 
The atmosphere was also nice. I would come back for sure!
The first time we ate here was about 2 weeks ago. We ordered Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao Chicken.. They were both really good..The only thing about the Kung Poa..It was not spicy enought for me.. You may want to request it to have more spice. The servings are also HUGE!! Enough for leftovers.. TWICE!.Give them a try
I have to say that I'm usually not a fan of take-out Chinese food (It all tastes like greasy crap in my opinion)...unless however we're talking about Thai. Gotta love Thai! So anyways, my husband and I have pretty much tried all of the Chinese delivery places in our delivery zone (mostly to prove to him that they all suck)...that is until we came across this little gem last night. As a health conscience person, I try not to order greasy crap when I can avoid it, so I was pleasantly surprised with what we got. 
The food arrived quickly (45 minutes) and we had no problems/issues ordering through the Grub Hub site. 
We ordered Hot & Sour Soup, Ginger Chicken & Broccoli, Chicken Lo Mein, and Orange Peel Chicken. The Hot & Sour Soup as one reviewer put it left little to be desired. It was pretty bland and not at all spicy. The Lo Mein wasn't very greasy which I liked, the Orange Peel Chicken was flavorful, but heavy on the breading. Not something I'd eat again, and the Ginger Chicken was awesome! I requested that they add mushrooms and make it spicy and it was perfect. Light and flavorful. I got the fried rice instead of the white (I know, I know...but it's sooo much better) and it was very good! Didn't even need any soy sauce and wasn't dripping in oil. 

This will be our go-to Chinese food place from now on and have already recommended it. Seriously, before you try yet another so-so place, give this one a try. Hopefully you'll be as impressed as we were!
one star because zero stars was not an option! threw it out it was so bad!
I believe you should always give something a second chance, and I am so glad I decided to give Dragon Exrpress one!  I couldn't stop thinking about those perfect crab angels so I called up and ordered those creamy appetizers plus the kung pao again (Monica likes her chicken spicy).  I was crossing my fingers.  Turns out I must have gotten the wrong order last time I ate there.  This time the kung pao tasted like it was supposed to. It had some heat, not sweet. So I'm changing my rating to 4 stars.  I plan on ordering take out from them again.
Decided to try this after stopping in for a menu on my way home from Applebee's a few weeks ago.  Took my 2 young daughters ages 6 & 8.  The food is delicious.  All 3 of us enjoyed our food.  We ate in and had plenty to take home for leftovers.  I ordered the Hunan Chicken with white rice.  Very spicy just the way I like it.  Veggies cooked perfectly, still crisp, not mushy at all.  Kids Teriyaki chicken and a kids chicken lo mein.  I will definitely go back and try other dishes.
Sometimes you get really lucky trying that little hole in the wall place.  My pad Thai is delicious, and Andy has the General Tso 's chicken.  Yummy.
This is our favorite Chinese restaurant. The service is fantastic and the food is always delicious. The moo goo gai pan is my favorite!
Food is decent, glad they deliver, however... rice is down right awful.  I've ordered from this place a few times and each time I've ran into really really really undercooked / dry rice.  The food itself wasnt bad but this is chinese food, so you know, bad rice is a deal breaker... plus I'm asian so poorly made rice is sort of big deal :).  i almost wonder if the rice is some sort of instant rice or something but it is definitely not fresh or quality.
I'd been down with a flu bug or something for about a day and a half and had a very delicate tummy. I got out the door so I could go to the Rubber Stamp Show they have here in Mesa twice a year and when the show was over I figured I should get something to eat since I hadn't had anything for 2 days. I searched Yelp for a Jewish delicatessen thinking chicken soup would be the best thing but there wasn't anything close.   I tried searching different categories including soup and wasn't satisfied with what I saw. Then I thought, well what the heck, and started searching for pho places. I think this is one of the places that popped up and since it was a place that I had passed by many times and wanted to try, I decided to stop in here.

 I told the young man behind the counter that I was interested in soup but I wasn't sure if the choices listed on the menu would be enough food for me and he let me know they have the larger 32 ounce size available so I said that's the ticket and ordered the egg drop soup, after debating between it and the won ton soup.  

The soup came out fairly quickly and while it was piping hot it was edible pretty quickly.  It had good flavor and lots of good egg in it which I figured would give me some nutrition and protein.  It wasn't overly salty like so many soups are and I had absolutely no tummy reactions to it later, for which I was very grateful. I felt much better by the time I left and I think it helped me get back on my feet the next day . 

I found the atmosphere to be very friendly and welcoming and the soup to be good quality.  I will definitely be coming back here to try other items that looked good on the menu. Oh, and did I mention the soup was only about five dollars? Score.
First time, called, very polite lady, got my order quickly and correctly and total delivery time was 32 minutes. Everything was AMAZING the chicken egg rolls are awesome, and I highly recommend this restaurant!!! 
10 ***** 
Laurie, Mesa
Ordered delivery from this place tonight.  It took over 90 minutes (estimated 45-60).  The food wasn't hot, the rice was just blah, they didn't bring our eggrolls.  So - on their delivery service NO stars - on the food itself - hard to tell honestly - it didn't seem to be what we ordered as was described on the online menu.  Maybe they were just having a bad night but it'll be a while before we try again.
I used to come here often back in 2008-2009 when I was in beauty school since both buildings are in the same plaza. I decided to stop by after work today for a quick appetizer and it was just as yummy if not yummier than I remember! 

I ordered the lettuce wraps, and for $5.99+ tax, I was super impressed by not only the taste but the amount of food! This is basically enough food for 2 people to share and not have to order anything else! I feel like I got almost half a lettuce! ;) I ended up eating about 5 wraps, and my brother still had another 3, and I still have lots of the chicken mix to take to work tomorrow for lunch but just need my own lettuce! 


I will definitely be coming back more often for more lettuce wraps, and also to try other things on their menu!
Excellent food.  Fast service. Great lunch specials. I decided to try something new and got the sesame chicken.
I read through the reviews before my wife and I decided to have dinner here.  Let me say all of the great reviews were spot on! Awesome fresh food done right! Not one thing we tasted could I have wanted to be better than it already was! Portions are pretty large and the pricing is great as well. Very clean place too. The service was excelent as well. We will absolutely be back!
Good fresh fast. just don't get the beef skewers mostly fat other than that everything I've ordered is really good. People r really nice
This place has the best Chinese food EVER! Everything I have tried here has been amazing and delicious. They have the best crab angels (and I've had a lot!) and lo mein I've ever had. Their selection of entrees and appetizers is great and the staff is super friendly! Don't pass this place up!
I LOVED this place!!!! We have been searching and searching for the perfect place to get Asian food bc we like to eat it once a week.  
They have great food and there is a bit of every taste of Asia. I had Pad Thai which was better than I've had at Thai specific places!!!!! We tried the egg drop soup and it was good, hot, fresh, and a big bowl with crunchies too. Lo Mein was yummy as was Kung Pao chicken.
U serve ur own drink which we love especially with spicy dishes.  I always get tea and it was freshly made and purified water as was the soda which were Coke products.
It is super clean and fun decor inside too. Sort of mood lighting and dim which is really nice and relaxing. Seating is comfortable and there is tv but it is turned on mute with CC so it doesn't bother but u can look at it. 

And the workers are very very nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Super big five stars and we will be back!!!!! Yay!!!!!!!!
My friend and I were craving carry out Chinese food and ran into this place on the way home. This place is "VERY CLEAN" and the workers are very nice. I informed the cashier that this was my first time here. She was very helpful pointing out the different menu options. They have a great lunch offer or you can order the dinner size portions. I ordered the Pad Thai, Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao. The egg roll that came with the meal is nothing special. I actually didn't finish it. It was a cabbage roll and very bland. The rest of the meal was great. I did like the option of getting brown rice with no added charge. I also liked that the chicken is all "white" meat...no dark meat used. I will definitely come back.
Love, love this place. Friendly staff, great food, reasonable prices. The Thai Basil Fried Rice, chicken lo mein and chicken egg roll can't be beat. My favorite Chinese place.
I saw the reviews on Yelp and was looking for good food at reasonable prices. My friend and I had never been to Dragon Express and I have to say was I very impressed withe the service and extremely delighted with meal. 
Wait staff was friendly, courteous and very accommodating. Interior was clean and loved the overall atmosphere. 
We tried 6 different dishes and I have to say it was by far some of the best Asian cooking I've had in a while. Especially the Wonton soup and Crab Angels.....delicious!
This is my new favorite! Will definitely be going back!
Love this little place...the people r very friendly and professional and the food is quite good. The lettuce wraps r better than P.F's.....chicken, all white and lots of earthy minced mushrooms (which I love). It's an appetizer but, the portion is entree size.
      Egg drop is can't miss and every time I pick up they always offer a beverage. Like I said, nice people. Can't speak for their delivery as I always pick mine up.oh...forgot to mention, it's always spotless which for me is important!!
Great food and super nice staff!! Dining room is modern looking, and very clean. I eat here often.
I don't normally write a review but this place is amazing. I got the lettuce wrap and it was better than P.F. Chang's and it's way cheaper. My wife got the Lo Mein which was way good.  We got so much food we could have shared one item.
Just happened to be driving by and thought is stop for lunch. Got the Kung Pao chicken and asked them for extra spicy. Amazing!!!! So good and my mouth is on fire!!! Will definitely be coming back.
My boyfriend and I ordered take out tonight. When the delivery guy showed up the stereo in his car was so loud. He didn't even bother to turn it down when he came up to the door to deliver our food. I got the dragon wonton soup and veggies with brown rice. And my boyfriend got the Asian curry chicken. The food was just alright. Could have been better but I've also had worse.
Sadly we received our food in a timely manner tonight only to receive a poor excuse for good Chinese. New to the area I choose them after many good reviews. But the general Tao was mushy and mostly breaded with little chicken. Both the Tao  and low mein tasted as if they had been sitting for hours. The crab angels were much the same with little crab and lots of cream cheese. We haven't even tasted the beef and broccoli yet as we are disappointed so far. This will not be a repeat customer.
Place was clean staff was very friendly.  I didn't find the food was that great had hot and sour soup and Mongolian beef.  Soup was okay beef dish, the meat was big chunks and dry with not much flavor. Order was to go was nice they give you a free drink while waiting but was surprised the rice amount was more than double of the amount of meat.  Angel wings were good.
My wife called this place for us to pick up lunch. They kept arguing with her and told her that we are too far away. My wife kept telling the server that we wanted to PICK UP! As in, "We will drive to the restaurant and pick up the food!" But they kept arguing and told her that they wouldn't serve us because we are just too far away. Yeah... 20 minutes away... Too far. 

Worst. Service. Ever.
My thought: "someone rescue me from the rude, crazy behemoth lady!!!"

I guess I should start from the beginning. I am in a time crunch and starving, and remembered that Wendy's is usually pretty solid when it comes to burgers. I decide to go to the drive thru.

Lady: "HEEEELOOOO!!!"
Me: :"umm..hi, I need just a minute"
Lady: (heavy breathing and a grunt) "fine"

I'm pondering and decide on the Swiss Jr Bacon and 5pc Chicken nuggets and order.

Me: "Ma'am?"
Lady: "YES"
Me: "I would like the chicken nuggets and the Jr bacon swiss"
Lady: "Next window"

Wow...I wonder what this broad looks like. My guess was something mean and ape-looking. I prepare to have the food thrown in my lap and arrive at the window. The lady just sticks her hand out of the window. I guess she want my debit card. I hand it to her. Nothing. She says nothing! Hands me the food. I ask if she had included Ranch (for my chicken nuggets). "No, I don't think so". Well CAN I EFFING HAVE SOME RANCH...Puhlease!!!?!

After all that, I wanted to take my chicken nuggets and burger and throw them in her face. It may have made her look better. Grrr...
Well compared to the one near my apt. this one should probably get 5 stars....but the customer service for most Wendy's in the valley are at best decent. The people are rude at times....and they never seem to have enough staff especially during peak hours. This location is the best I have seen yet so if you really need Wendy's then I suggest trying this one. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Same quality as most other Wendy's. But the soda machine is amazing. You must stop here just to experience the drink dispenser.
I've been to this Wendy's a few times and received rude service so I was a little hesitant coming here again. The only reason we ever come here is for the chocolate frosty. 
I decided to try to drive-thru this time. Ordered the double, single, and of course their frosty. Paid at the next window, drove up and boom. Food was ready. Now that's what I call fast food. Burgers were fresh, juicy and pretty good. Nothing special. Of course we love the creamy frosty. So overall it was good and my wife is happy with her frosty.
If you ever have the misfortune of working nights like I do, you will eat more fast food than you care to admit.  Options after 9pm are very limited when you forget to pack your "lunch."  So in the mood for a burger and not having the patience to wait at In-N-Out, and unwilling to eat at McDonalds, I settled on the least of the evils with Wendy's.

I typically just order off Wendy's value menu.  While it's not the extensive 99 cent deals from the '90s, it's still cheap enough to make up for the lack of quality.  But I saw an ad that I just couldn't resist when I pulled up to the restaurant, a pretzel bacon burger.  I may be one of the few people in America that doesn't believe bacon makes everything taste better, but I do believe that everything tastes better on a pretzel bun.  Until now.

The first problem.  I received my order, then drove a few feet away from the window to take a look at what I got but not keep the car behind me waiting.  Although I asked for no bacon, take one guess what was on my burger.  Bacon.  Okay, I just picked it off.  But attention to detail at the drive-thru seems to not be Wendy's specialty.  I've lived in several parts of the valley in the 15 years I've lived in Arizona.  I've also driven thru several different Wendy's, and each location seems to make consistent mistakes.  Order a frosty; no spoon or even a straw (which is worthless with a frosty, anyway).  Ask for no mayo;  mayo remains on burger.  Ask for honey-mustard sauce for chicken nuggets; get barbecue sauce.  I don't have very high expectations for fast food employees, but my bar gets set even lower at any Wendy's. It feels like I always stopped driving thru the nearby Wendy's because of better options and constant mistakes.

The second problem.  When I bit into my burger, I immediately regretted this debauchery.  Flavor-wise and texture-wise, the cheap Wendy's burger patty just doesn't go with the pretzel bun.  The bun itself is pretty good, a firm crust but soft and light inside.  But the mixed greens offer little flavor and lacks the crunch of iceberg or even romaine lettuce.  And I cannot even properly critique the sauce.  I don't know what it was supposed to be, but it's just gross.
Wow, sub-par dining experience. The fries were old but not cold. The burger was slopped together but fairly hot. The kitchen staff too busy joking around to wait on us right away. The manager was having a long chit chat with two guests at a corner table..friends of his? He should have been walking around and following up on what his people were doing ..or not doing... 3 stars because I have low expectations when I come here. Ugghhh.
My boyfriend and I stopped in this little Patisserie located in the Mandarin Oriental hotel after a long walk on the strip. They have lots of delicately designed desserts to choose from and delightful flavors of gelato. We got a cup of mango and lemon for $8, which was more than enough for the both of us. I have a picture but will have to upload it at another time since I don't have my camera cable on me at the moment. In addtion to your gelato, you also get fan-shaped wafers to complete the look. Walking back to Aria we turned lots of heads! 

Be sure to stop in and give their gelato a taste!
Excellent Gelato, dessert and coffee. 

You won't be disappointed by Mandarin Oriental standard.
What a lovely little place this is.  They have delicious macarons (grapefruit, pistachio, caramel, cappuccino, vanilla, chocolate), lovely pastries and rich gelato.  You should stop by after visiting the City Center, if only to look at the fondant artwork.
Baby Cakes, I think you might have to move over. Amore, you are my new love.

I can't stop raving about the service of the Mandarin Oriental. Now, I can rave about their desserts too. I asked the girl what she liked and she started off naming one by one and eventually named all of them =P One of my choices was the chocolate cake.  Seems simple enough but Amore makes it so wonderfully. 16 layers of chocolatey goodness, not too sweet and not too rich, just perfect.  Another pick, the Caramel Temple, just melted in my mouth. They've also got many flavors of gelato, mini macaroons, truffles, and more. I got a sample of the watermelon gelato and it was so refreshing. I definitely must get a gelato as well next time. On the side, they also have many beautiful cakes. The creativity and attention to detail is very impressive. Amore will be my first stop the next time I am in Vegas.
Walking by this place i glanced at the window and had to stop in. And all i can say is WOW.. It's amazing what can be done with sugar and pastry. This was a quick stop before dinner and I did not want to spoil what was in my mind going to be a Delicious dinner that ended up a wreck... Check out my Rainforest review for the details of that hurricane in the jungle... Anyways we bought 2 of the amazing looking cupcakes, The lemon Mirang and the Chocolate one that was decorated to look like a hostess cupcake.. Oh my goodness, we got home and split them 4 ways, words can not explain the chocolaty amazingness. This thing was rich and 1/4 of the cupcake was plenty, but let me tell you, I know jumping into the sea of people on the strip may not be your piece of pie but you should sure make this your piece of cupcake because it is worth the hassle.
My husband and I went to Amore Patisserie on Valentines Day.  It was so deiicous.  We wanted to buy one of everything.  We settled on starting with Gelato.  It was $9, but they let us choose three flavors and it was a big cup.  The tastes were amazing, so fresh and full of flavor.  The staff was so helpful and friendly.  We also bought a cup of white chocolate hot cocoa.  It was the best tasting cocoa I have ever had in my life.  They use a high quality melted white chocolate liquid in your cocoa.  Loved it.  Since it was Valentines Day, we also bought a slice of chocolate cake, and two heart truffles for later tonight.  As we were leaving,  the pastry chef came out and carried on a full conversation with us and was so kind.  We will go back again and again.  They also have amazing, cakes, and sugar art.  Wonderful place to be.
We came in the morning of the day we needed a birthday cake. The amazing pastry chef, Gianno, went above and beyond, making us an exquisite, personalized cake that was as delicious as it was beautiful. The gelatos are made from his famiy recipe (in Northern Italy), and the chocolates are equally amazing.
On a cool and beautiful desert morning, I sat on the Strip's sidewalk with my Baba au Rhum and a double cappuccino. While the cap needs a bit more work and focus, the Baba au Rhum was unbelievably good. (Bouchon Bakery just got bumped down my list for Amore Patisserie...=) )

I tried several other pastries, admired the fantastically beautiful cakes and spoke with the gracious Chef Gianni.

I can't wait to order a special cake for my special person(s).

=)
Simply awesome!  I know red velvet cupcakes are simple and easy to make but Amore does it perfectly.  The cream cheese is what sets apart a good red velvet from a spectacular one.  And Amore's is spectacular.  More over, they don't just top it with the cream cheese filling, they insert it into the cupcake to ensure that the wonderful flavor continues on throughout.  

I'm just sad I only discovered this place on my last evening in Vegas.  That meant I had to make one last visit at 10am before my flight home!  

Aside from the fabulous cupcakes the gelato was superb as well!  Fresh, rich, creamy, yet light.  I could live on this stuff.  

And although I didn't get to try everything I wanted to, I'm sure it all tastes as good as it looks.  The candied confections shaped as purses, cigars, Chinese new year symbols, etc were incredible to look at and I bet even more incredible to eat.  Sin City indeed!

Amore, open one in the Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco ASAP!!!
I'm a big fan of pastries and every time I see a shop, I gotta go in and leave with something. 
The shop was cute and in style. All the pastries were wonderfully decorated. I really wanted to try their special made chocolates but $5 a pop is quite a bit so after debating with my husband, I choose the Carrot cake cupcake w/ cream cheese frosting and candied walnut sprinkled on to the cream cheese frosting. The Walnuts and cream cheese frosting was very good and the box and bag it came in was very pretty. When i got to the cupcake though, it was dry and wasn't very tasty. I ate most of it and threw away the rest, for the money I paid for the cupcake, I expected it to be great. not epic, but great. 
I do hope to come back here again for the sugar dome custard donut.
If you're ever in Vegas and feeling like indulging yourself with sweet bakery goods. I would TOTALLY recommend this place.. However, It does get kind of pricey but if you're on vacation like I was why not treat yourself out?..

What I tried from here was the vanilla bean cupcake and it was DELICIOUS! I never got the chance to try red velvet because it was sold out...   =(
Well, if you do happen to give it a try I hope you guys feel the same way as I did. ENJOY !!
I'm having a hard time writing this review because I really want to give it a higher rating. The desserts look amazing, thee service couldn't have been more helpful, but I chose the creme brulee and I was more than a little disspointed. As someone who enjoys a good creme brulee one of the key characteristics is that the top is crunchy, unfortunately the whole thing was soggy throughout. It still looked really good though but the texture just wasn't right. This brulee was the equivalent of dating a really hot girl with terrible breath...
Grab some Gelato and people-watch! Not to mention their service is exceptional.
Best window displays of cakes ever.
i love this place!!!

Everything we got was sooo tasty, rich and full of flavor!..even the coffee and i dnt drink coffee!...I got a sample of Yoghurt Gelato after i had already ordered, but had to get it...and everyone there was very polite and nice.

I wanna go back!! NOW!!!!
:D
Indulgence is the right word for this place!  The gelato is very flavorful- had the watermelon and the mango and both were refreshing and delicious.  We also had a lemon, coffee, and chocolate macaron.  They were good, but not the best that I've had.  They were also on the small side.  The service was quick and friendly.  I'll be back!
This lovely little desert shop looks amazing and is located in the awesome new Aria city center. There are so many deserts to choose from, but I decided to try the yogurt mixed with fresh strawberries to counter the 100+ degree Vegas heat. OMFG best yogurt with fresh strawberries! The cashier even recommended the flavor, calling it the best Amore Patisserie had to offer, and he was so right. I did try a few other chocolate flavors, which were good, but I agree the yogurt is the best. It is on the pricey side, compared to that of Golden Spoon or Yogurtland, BUT they serve you enough yogurt/gelato to satisfy three people.
You have a sweet tooth? Come here.
You want desserts to chase your drinks? come here.
You want alcoholic smoothies? come here.
You want something pretty to eat? come here.

This place has it all. Small patisserie (pastry shop in French) but very eloquent with their desserts. They're pretty to look at and fun to eat! The staff are very friendly and they let you sample all flavors of gelato, cakes, drinks, etc. 

The decor of the artistic cakes and pastries may seem snooty at first but this place is anything but! 

Hubby and I came here for some treats after our dinner. We couldn't decide on the gelato, so we tried about 8 flavors before deciding on 2. The cosmopolitan gelato was delicious! Hubby ended up getting lemon and "Samantha's forbidden apple" for his gelato. I got the strawberry shortcake since it was dipped in grand marnier! WOW! We also got 2 small pineapple mojito alcoholic smoothie and strawberry lemonade vodka! The samples didn't taste so strong, but once we got them in our cups, we got to see how much alcohol was really in our smoothies, we got drunk off it!

Hubby loved the cup and they let him keep it. Even when they were closing, they didn't throw us out, we got to take our time and finish. I plan to come back here every time I'm in Vegas now!
Post-Cannonballs from the Earl of Sandwich, my friends and I walked over to the Mandarin Oriental to try Amore Patisserie.  

When you first walk into Amore, definitely check out the displays.  They had this awesome chessboard cake that went for a cool $1,150.  Too high-roller for me, but it definitely looked nice.

As usual, I ended up sharing a dessert with the gf.  She tried a bunch of different gelato flavors (peanut butter, some mystery flavor) and she enjoyed them all.  She finally settled on Rum Raisin.  At $5 for a small cup, Thrifty's ice cream this is not, but in the end, it had good flavor.  The cone looked even better, but sets you back even more.

On a side note, I've discovered that I like the Rum Raisin flavor, but no the raisins.  Something disconcerting about those yellow raisins, perhaps?
I was shocked to dislike my cupcake. The cake was good with a vanilla bean filling. Super fluffy if you like it that way. But the topping wasn't frosting. It was cream and it was frozen. There was way too much of it and it made it disgusting. I had to scrape half of the cream off, but still completely forgot how the cupcake tasted because the topping overwhelmed.

What I did like was their strawberry shortcake gelato though I only had a bite. It was good nonetheless.
My friend and I had some delicious french macarons here! :) 

We ordered just TWO pistachio macarons and they placed it in the cutest container ever! 

They are SO FLUFFY inside that I want to die! :) 

*Also, they have really really cute cakes on display. :)
I'm now reviewing their gelato. Pistachio gelato was fantastic on a cone. It's so good that it makes up for the disgusting cupcake I had yesterday. Their gelato is the way to go.
I stopped in today to try some gelato.  I had the peach which was quite good.  I also bought 5 assorted macarons and brought home to enjoy the next few days.  I wonder if they'll last a few days or not.  

Yong, the young man who waited on me, was excellent.  I really enjoyed my stop.  I wish it wasn't so far from the Aria garage here, but it's worth the walk.

Nevada residents get a discount.  Show your ID.
Friendly service, pretty pastries and decent coffee.  A nice spot to escape the 100 degree heat.
On my macaron hunt in Las Vegas... I found them at Amore Patisserie... maybe I am not use to Vegas time but the bakery didn't not open until 12pm.. so I was very sad when I first went at 10:30 hoping to indulge.

When I finally made my way inside, I was impressed with their gelato selection, presented in a wheel form so that the flavours can be turned to scoop out flavours (space saver!). This little bakery is on the street side of the Mandarin hotel with lovely decor on the inside, including cakes that looked like pillows, and the delicately detailed Eiffel tower.

Searching for the macarons inside their store, I noticed several flavours and inquired about them. The pastry chef had decided to make the following flavors for the day - lemon, raspberry, apricot, pistachio, chocolate, and bacon cream cheese (apparently it tastes good!). I was very tempted to get this irregular choice, but I was told it really tasted like bacon and the cream cheese is not overly strong and I was completely turned off. On the other hand, these bacon macarons had no "feet" to them and looked cracked and undercooked.

I opted to get the apricot (never tried before), and the pistachio (never fail)......... the apricot seemed to be filled with jam, and the flavours were not too too sweet, and the filling gave it just the right amount of sweetness. I was surprised to say that I was actually not impressed with the pistachio. Usually, the flavors are very prominent but I felt this one was more on the bland side... oh well.

Packaged in little chinese take out containers, I thought it was cute. I'm not sure if I can say that their macarons are their specialty.
This is the first place I've ever seen that has red velvet cake gelato!

Beautiful interior and a nice escape from the 100+ degree summer heat of Vegas.  It also has a motorized gelato wheel that made me feel a little bit like I was in Willy Wonka's factory.   I tried the avocado (surprisingly good!), caramel, strawberry (very flavorful), and the red velvet gelato.  If I were to come back a second time, I would get the avocado and strawberry gelato.
What Happened!?!?!? They have Nothing now!!
a couple of months ago it was one of the best pastry places ive been to! I was so disappointed when i went back last week.

They have half of the Pastries they had last time, they were replaces by bottled beers...and no more cupcakes!...They still had their gelato, strawberry cheesecake...they gave me a lot for $5, not bad right? it was too much and felt like it had way too much fat!...it left my mouth and lips super slippery and weird...ehh.

I was very dissappointed, they need to get rid of that beer and have more pastries and cupcakes!!!
Stopped here for dessert, led by yelp, and were not disappointed. We split a baileys tort and strawberry shortcake, and both were fabulous. Fair prices, $3-5 per dessert.
LOVE it here. This is the only bakery I know of where I can get cookies and cream Polvoron - Filipino cookie that crumbles and melts in your mouth.  YUM

I have my Fiance hooked on these things .. I should have bought more ;)
Two words.

MANGO CAKE!!!!

Try it and you will know what I mean.
Fresh Lumpia, FTW!!!

It rivaled that of my aunts...and THAT says alot as she made the most amazing lumpia ever.  

I think that the sauce is one of the best parts about it...so this one was realllly good as it had just the right amount of garlic in it.  Very fresh ingredients, too!  Try it out!  

I also brought back a ton of ensymada and mamon.  The mocha mamon is really good!  Wish they sold that in Chicago!  Next time I hit up Red Ribbion, I'm definitely gonna try out the empanadas!  Sad I missed out!
I only frequent Red Ribbon for their cakes. I love their cakes, especially the mango and choco mocha crunch flavor. Recently bought the choco mocha crunch for my mom's bday party and everyone that tasted it, asked for another slice.  The cake is moist and it isn't as sweet.  It's like biting a slice of heaven!
I love the siopao. Soft white bread. Delicious pork filling. I ordered a pack for a small discount and cooked these for lunch at work. 30 seconds in the microwave and a very very tasty lunch!
This is a review for their mango and ube cake. 

I don't know how I'll ever ... ever see cakes from Sams Club, Walmart, Albertsons etc.  the same way again. The first time I tried Red Ribbon cakes, I just melted. They've got a genuine taste to them that doesn't scream 'artificial ingredients!' like their more commercial counterparts. My father and I got my mom a mango cake for her birthday last month (it's $29 for an approximately 15x5 inch cake) and it was gone the next day.

It was that good.
Most of there items are sent form California. They are hard by the time they get to you. Not my first choice for Filipino pastries/baked goods.
Good service, limited selection of pastries compared to Valerio's. Looks like they specialize in cakes.
I love me some chicken empanadas.  Those are about the only things i get from there.That's all i have to say about them!
I'm not here to settle the debate between Red ribbon vs Goldilocks, but I must say 
their ube roll is outstanding. Wish they have a bakery in Chicago!
I do love Red Ribbon.  I know the cakes are not fresh and are probably mass produced but they are still tasty.

The brazo de mercedes is also delicious.  I believe they should have a wider selections of cakes my the slice.  I am a local but I bring family and friends in from out of town and they want to have a slice of cake, not a whole cake and then go back to the strip!

Also, I know there is Jolibee and Chow King next door but the savory food offerings here are extremely lacking.  They do it better in Virginia Beach.
enjoyed their desserts.
Just like any franchise this place is well run and manage. Came here for the empanadas. Price is a bit high compared to other bakeries. Come here for the specialty pastries and cakes for a taste of home.
Delicious unique cakes and pastries at a reasonable price. It's fun to browse through all the different sweets to pick out what you want. I got a ube mamon (purple yam sponge cake), a mango bar, and a slice of banana bread. Each was $1, tasted very fresh, with great flavor. Too bad there isn't a Red Ribbon in AZ anymore!
Consistency...is when you go to any Red Ribbon location and you get the same quality and taste of food. Red Ribbon in Las Vegas, L.A. and Manila...they're all the same.

I like the cakes here especially mango, sans rival, chocolate mousse, choco mocha crunch and crema de fruta. Their desserts aren't extremely sweet which is unusual for Filipino desserts. A lot of Filipinos are diabetics. They use real fruits and the cakes are soft. They have the best mango cake ever. 

Their mamon is super soft and buttery good. If you like mangoes but don't want cake, the mango bars are great. Chewy and sweet bars with mangoes. They also have banana slice, brazo de Mercedes, mocha roll, ensaymada, empanada, siopao (steamed pork buns) which are pretty good.  I'm not a fan of ube...but I heard from reliable sources that their ube cake is delicious. Their palabok (noodles with sauce, pork, fried garlic, sliced hardboiled eggs and green onions) is yummy.  And what Filipino doesn't like pan de sal (warm and soft bread rolls)?

I'm sure there are so many new bakeries and cafes in Manila but for now, the best chain bakery that has reached this country/city is Red Ribbon. The other Filipino bakery is what my mom used to call "poor man's bakery".
I prefer Goldilocks more, but end up buying from here more often just because it's closer to my house and conveniently located inside Seafood City. I must say they do have the edge in their mango cake in comparison to Goldilocks. The cake and whipped topping is light while the mango is perfectly sweet, however all the other products I think are inferior to Goldilocks. In addition, the portion sizes here are more for like a family of 4 rather than Goldilocks which has bigger options. The bigger options are more ideal since these cakes and rolls are usually brought to Filipino parties. IMO even the ensaymada at Golidlocks is better because I prefer the texture of the pastry itself. Lastly Goldilocks puts together amazing children's cakes, I'm not to sure if Red Ribbon can compete with them there since they have significantly less displays. To add to all of this, better value at Golidlocks with better tasting cakes. If Goldilocks was in Seafood City they would probably do more business. Sorry Red Ribbon you're still the step child in my book.
Delicious Cakes and if you like empanadas, they actually serve Beef Empanadas. Clean environment. Love the MABON!
The mango cake was excellent, not too sweet, which was greatly appreciated and the cake was very fine. The weird thing was that I had called about two hours beforehand to reserve a cake and asked them to write "Happy birthday" on it. When I got there to pick up my cake, they finally decided to write happy birthday. This was slightly annoying because what if I had been in a rush?
I purchased a whole Sansrival cake, Mamon, and Brownies with Cashews. The brownies were mushy (like how I remembered it)...but the Sansrival? TO DIE FOR! Delicious!!! I want to go back!
Hidden in the corner of a strip mall, coming across Miles Bake Shop and Hawaiian Food is purely an accident - but a good one.  However, there are plenty of people in the know who know exactly where to find this place and they keep coming back for more.  

As you approach the glass doors, you can't help but notice all the various handwritten posters advertising what's for sale.  And what is for sale then?  Hawaiian food - plate lunches, desserts, poke, etc.

We walked in hesitantly, not sure what to expect.  Four guys were hanging out around a table and one of them got up and greeted us.  He headed to the counter and offered us a "long john" because, as he said, we looked hungry and it looked like we couldn't make a proper decision on what to order if we were hungry.  I sheepishly accepted this "long john" and bit into a lovely pastry filled with sweet egg custard cream.  Yum.  The Husband sunk his teeth into his own "long john" and we looked over the lunch menu posted on the dry erase board.

* Chicken Katsu Plate Lunch ($8.25) - It came with two scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad.  The Husband said it was good - crispy, lots of texture, and mostly made up of dark  meat.  It definitely had a nice crunch to it.

* Chili Plate Lunch ($8.25) - Mine also came with two scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad.  I'm not sure what makes this "Hawaii-style" chili, as it was described. But it was tasty, although a bit too salty. 

All orders are technically to go, but if you're nice, they may let you enjoy your meal at the one of two tables inside.  Dennis, the owner, sat down to chat with us and he is super friendly.  Another regular also chatted with us too while we enjoyed our lunch.  We saw quite a few regulars show up - for poke, malasadas, etc.  We even got to sample some of the poke too, which we appreciated.

Right now, it's just this one location - but there are plans for a couple more.  They've been at this location for a little over a year, although they've been in business at other places for many years prior.

Overall, Miles Bake Shop and Hawaiian Food has a lot on their plate.  Serving up plate lunches, sweet desserts, and tasty poke makes them pretty popular.  Their daily specials change and they do run out, so call ahead if you have your favorites.  (They were out of the lau lau yesterday, and I'm curious about  their pastele.)  But you really can't beat the aloha spirit and friendliness that is spilling out of this place!

3.5 stars
I learned about this place from here, Yelp. I live close to that place and pass by it everyday and have never noticed it. It used to be a donut store / bakery before this though and it looks like they left all of the fixtures behind from the previous owners and they sort of use them here. I walked it and there was literally one table in there and it looked like it was donated from someone's backyard and not only was there only one table but it seemed like people working there or friends/family of the people working there were taking that space up. 

The place was fairly messy quite honestly. It looked like someones home kitchen if they were throwing a party on 4th of July. If you look behind the counter, you see a bunch of bowls everywhere, the dude that was preparing my order was looking for the scoop spoon everywhere found it on the counter and washed it, rather, rinsed it off before he scooped the macaroni into my box, plus it took me about 5 minutes before he even took my order and there was only one person before me and on top of that, one of the people that was sitting at that table kept going back behind the counter to get stuff and never even acknowledged me.

I finally get to the counter to make my order. I ordered the Chicken Katsu. That's pretty much what I judge a Hawaiian restaurant by, how good their Chicken Katsu is. The guy that took my order prepared the rice and macaroni in my box while the cooks made the chicken... Then, almost as soon as he put the rice and mac in my box, he grabs his beer and steps outside for a moment to finish off his beer. I waited for about 10 minutes until the cook actually came out an bagged my food for me and called the guy back in to ring me up.

The first thing the guy says "I don't care how busy it gets, if it's time for a beer, I need my beer". This was at about 4pm. He was cool the whole time though. It's not like he was belligerent or not courteous, but not exactly what I would consider good service. Still, I got no beef with that guy or that place. 

I ordered the Chicken Katsu lunch plate and it's probably some of the best Chicken Katsu I've had. Definitely better than what L&L has to offer, but nothing makes me want to go back there. If someone were to bring me food from there I would enjoy it but to go there and just see the place that looks so run down and the wait just doesn't seem worth it.
4 stars for the malasadas only. Will reserve the last star until I can get some Miles' plate lunches, pasteles, and poke! 

My relatives flew in from Honolulu & brought me the requisite dozen of Leonard's malasadas- plain, cinnamon, haupia, & lilikoi-filled. We reheated them in the microwave and while not as good as fresh from the bakery, it was a mighty satisfying breakfast with a strong cup of Kona coffee. Fast forward five days and I am in Vegas and cousin Leslie says that Miles Bake Shop from Nanakuli is in Las Vegas. Oh yeah! "They have malasadas, custard-filled too, sooooooo ono." I have to try them. 

I'd complained about the "malasadas" in Torrance or Gardena where it tastes like they deep fried them in the same hot oil used to fry shrimp, egg rolls, and other "Chinese food." Those "malasadas" went straight into the trash can in the parking lot. 

Miles' malasadas went straight to my heart! Delicious, fluffy, eggy, sweet puffs of perfectly fried dough. Yum. The custard filled ones were also delicious, although a little on the heavy side. Good--- a generous portion of custard. Bad--- probably a lot more calories, etc. But I was in Vegas, damnit. I stuffed down two of them anyway. 

At the risk of being scandalous--- better than Leonard's. 

Call ahead, cousin Leslie warned, they run out of stuff.
Pretty good plate lunches, poke, and desserts...Malassadas are okay, and the custard pie is ono...their cakes are pretty close to home too. My favorite is the Chantilly....ALOHA!!!
I used to go to this place when it was located in Green Valley a few years ago...It's too far from me now so I have not gone to this new location. However, when it was my B-Day (Sister's too) I decided I wanted a Guava cake from them. My sister picked it up...
She said she did not like that it was near a Pet Store but decided to look past that (you can't help who rents the space near you!!!).
The owner was nice and gave my sister a few Long Johns (custard filled long donuts) to try - she said it was very good. A person who walked in told my sister that he has the best cream puffs....
The cake was yummy-I wish the chiffon cake was guava and not just the Guava filling with white chiffon cake, other than that it was very good and the owners were very nice. I would go on a regular basis if their location was closer...
This is where I get my shoyu poke from when I need my quick fix.  The fish is usually fresh and, although a little pricey, gets the job done.  I also got my birthday cake from here (which was the dobash chocolate cake) and it was almost an exact replica of the cake I used to eat on my birthday when I was young.  I wish they had some veggies stuffs for lunch or like a mahi plate that I can get but they haven't yet.  But, the "aunty" in the back was nice enough to give me some malasadas with my poke a few times.  The malasadas aren't like the Leonards malasadas from Hawai'i, but they taste pretty good anyway.
When it comes to Filipino food and baked goods, only one restaurant comes to mind..... Goldilocks! 

To many people, Goldilocks is a storybook character that wanders into the houses of some bears....but to fans of filipino baked goods, only one bakeshop comes to mind. GOLDILOCKS!

Living out in Henderson, there are not very many choices for filipino food nor a place to pick up the essentials of pan de sal and ensaymada. But low and behold.... there is a Goldilocks bakery located just off the 215-Eastern!! 

No longer does one that lives on this side of town have to trek down to Goldilocks on Maryland parkway! We have it all right here! And they even have a small selection of hot items such as pork adobo available throughout the day as well.
When I have time I try to treat myself to some Goldilocks before heading back to LA.  There's one in LA but it's not near where I live, so I try to get my halo-halo fix in Henderson.  Lots of traditional Filipino pastries, plus they do cakes for birthdays, weddings, and other special occassions.  Try the sweet banana chips, boat tarts, chicharon, fresh pastillas (milk and sugar candies), mamon (fluffy French sponge cake), cassava cake, and my favorite, flan.

Life is incomplete without Filipino treats and Goldilock's is a great place to try them.
I love the little Filipino woman with the bright
smile on her face!  she's very welcoming and helpful when I come in here.  it's a small shop with all the yummy pastries and food goldilocks is known for.  

 there are only like 2 tables to eat at.. so it's not a full on restaurant, but they do sell lunch and dinner foods.
I love the idea of Goldilocks.  A Filipino bakery in my neighborhood provides accessibility and instant satisfaction of sugar cravings with a Southeast Asian bend that bound to haunt me on late weeknights, when a drive to Chinatown is so undesirable.  I remember being overcome with immediate joy when my fiance told me about the place, scents of cassava cake, red bean buns, and coconut bread rolls stirring up sweet memories in my brain.  

I venture to say that my imagination is overzealous when it comes to desserts, being that I consider a perfect world to contain cupcakes as their own perfect food group.  And with any imagination programmed to run overtime, a certain amount of disappointment in reality is not surprising.  This is the case with Goldilocks.

I've visited the bakery a couple of times, and gotten a variety of baked goods and breads.  To say that the raisin bread is light is a nice way of putting it, if lightness means no actual content and enjoyment of consumption.  The cassava cake is stale (which is puzzling since it's already refrigerated).  I was somewhat delighted to find that the mocha cake roll comes with a list of ingredients, only to discover half of these ingredients were artificial (a second puzzle of a neighborhood bakery that seems to be family-operated).

I probably will not go back to Goldilocks, due to a state of ambivalence.  I secretly hold hopes for the desserts, they may be very tasty.  But if I try them and they turn out like the others, I may have to give the bakery one star, which will undoubtedly make me quite sad.
i USED TO  love Goldilocks.  But the quality of the service and foods have gone downhill.  I guess you can say the baked goods will always be good...esp if there is a recipe they have to follow in all establishment.  

Mostly I was disappointed in this particular place on Eastern.  The one girl...she was ok but didn't really look like or seem like she knew what she was doing there.  
The other lady seemed like you were bothering her and didn't know how to smile.  
I wanted a small container of dinuguan.  Just small, by itself and nothing else.  In order to get a small container I would have to get a combo or buy a big container.  I did not want to get a combo or esp a giant serving of dinuguan.  She said that was the only way they sell it.  THAT WAS REALLY DUMB!  So...that's one business they just lost.  

QUALITY.....it's all about quality.
I came here hoping to find something new and different. nope. They have the same items that the bakeries back at home have, the other Goldilocks locations t hat is. They have lots of roll cakes, ube items, etc. I think that the quality has gone down a bit, based on my experience here. But, things are still presented nicely, packaged in such a way that they are gift appropraite, etc. There are so few tables here, however, that they probably hope that you will take out only. There are some workers here that remind me of my friend's mothers, so polite, so friendly, so willing to help you. The red bean buns are a family favorite, along with the cassava cake. We picked up a few items here before visiting family. They were so happy to see the treats that we had brought them. Really, somehow, I was hoping to find something new. But, at the least, I'm glad that they still had a lot of the favorites that I enjoy at the locations back at home.
This goldilocks is more of a stop and shop kinda place. You get what you need and go. Of course when coming to goldilocks, you gotta get the special mamon & their ensaymada. The last time I came here I got their Fresh Lumpia which hit the spot, it was great! For dessert I didn't turn to the bakery I got Halo Halo which was phenomenal (cosmic power)! Their halo halo had ube ice cream, leche flan, pinipig, the whole nine yard! The staff is great too, very friendly, & very helpful. If you live closer to this one and is just looking for the baked good, this is the place to go.
halo halo and ensaymada baby! salamat.
Delicious Halo-halos! My friend (she's from PR) tried it for the first time and loved it. It's nowhere near the strip, but it's worth it to pick up some yummy snacks.

It was a bitch trying to get a cab back to our hotel, though.
It's not often an establishment gets five stars simply based off of the food. The location isn't great unless you work at a nearby business (this location is closed on Saturdays and Sundays because I presume 99% of their customer base comes from the big businesses nearby), the atmosphere itself is pretty boring and fast food-y, but OH GOD THE FOOD. There used to be a location much closer to my home, and I would find myself gorging on their food all the time, but it shut down, and now I happily drive 15 minutes each way to indulge in their delicious delicious chicken teriyaki wraps. Honestly, Samurai Sam's is the quickest (and cheapest) way to my heart. I don't care about the dull atmosphere or the inconvenient location. It's all about their wraps, and if you haven't tried one, stop what your doing and go! Go right this minute! And if it's a Saturday, go ahead and camp out until Monday. Because their food really is THAT good.
I have been here a lot but today is by far the worst. Management has changed they now charge 25 cents for an extra small sauce it is maybe the size of a tablespoon. Ridiculous! Also the meat and rice were extremely over cooked. No one that works there ever seems to know what is going on. So I am very unimpressed.
Went to the Deer Valley Center store....the worst! I ordered the Teriyaki beef and it was like chewing gum. All gristle and leather! NEVER AGAIN!
Hopefully, third time's the charm. Heavenly is now the third Filipino bakery to open in this same spot in the Lee Lee's shopping center. 

First impression, clean, lots of product on shelves to choose from, friendly customer service.   

I was only able to quickly eye their goodies, before my little one started trying to rearrange their product display, dropping a package of "Palitaw" on the floor. It didn't pop open, but I bought it anyway, since the fall made it's contents all jumbled up. Good thing I have fond memories of this treat from New Years in my Mamalo's house back home. I also ordered one of their Cheese pastries. Curious if it tasted like or better than the previous owners flaky cheese pastry. 

I paid with my debit (couldn't do that with the previous bakery) so that's a plus. While paying, I noticed off the back left of the store behind the register, was a refrigerator stacked with ready made take home dishes, like menudo, If i recall correctly. So, next time I'll definitely take one home, but, I didn't this time, because I still had to do my grocery shopping at LeeLee's. 

Once home, I tried the Palitaw. It was soft and pleasantly chewy with a non-sweet powdery coating. I think I recall coconut flakes on the ones my dad made for me back home. I'm not sure what the powdery coating is, it's got a subtle flavor of perhaps toasted crushed rice.  But, It might not be something everyone would like. If I were to compare it to something, it reminds me of mochi.  which i love.   I put these in the fridge and they didn't get hard.  

I didn't treat the cheese pastry with care as I shopped around that day. When I got home to open the bag, it's top layer was almost all flaked off. So, I'll be ordering this again & eating straight from the case next time. Overall it was light and flaky and not greasy. The cheese filling was also nice, not too sweet.   My toddler loved this treat and that it wasn't overly sweet was good for her too.  I'd love it if they make another variation with some kind of fruit to contrast the cheese.  

I'd like to go back without my little one, so that I can fully experience all that this 1 month new bakery has to offer & take better photos.  I'm giving them a middle of the board solid rating of 3 stars, A-OK.  I am expecting that on my next visit, Heavenly will be getting more stars.
I had stopped in also after stopping at lee lees to buy ingredients for home made Turon.  I was hoping to god they had my ensymada rolls with ube or macapuno in the middle but no luck.  I did however see a turnover with ube in it and also a roll with macapuno for 1.25 and 1.35.  I bought one of each and took them home to try them out.  The lady did not speak to me much and i had to say hello upon entering and what not. For some reasons Cebuanos tend to be more friendly towards me than i have had experiences with tagalog speaking filipinos.  I wore my manny pacquaio hoodie zip up but apparently she did not see the emblem.  

As i got home i took the ube turnover out and took a bite. First initial reaction: Where is the ube???? Second reaction:  Why is the pastry part not sweeter?  I used to work at safeway bakerys and loved loved loved the turnovers and could not imagine why this did not wow me not only looking just like a triangle shaped turnover with sugar on top but it had ube in it! Should be wowing me at least! 
As for the macapuno turnover that looked like a pastry roll was very similar to the ube turnover just differently shaped.  i had to eat the top layer pull out the middle layer and the macapuno itself lacked a flavor the texture was there but not the flavor. I think i was so spoiled with goldilocks back home that nothing else can come close. If this bakery starts producing some red bean swirl loafs or ube rolls that are soft and decadent i will be more than happy and a satisfied customer but until then i will be on the look out for a filipino bakery that has at least one of my favorites whether it be ube or red bean bread, ube ensymada, or even some turon and carioca.  This bakeshop had all the little things i did not consume the most of at my aunts house parties. If they could combine the ube the kutsinta and the white doughy rice cakes like goldilocks has too i would even settle! If you are filipino or half like i am and know of some better places i would appreciate any information leading me to a more satisfied ending than what i have tried. =]
Lechon. 

'Nuff said. you can get lechon on the weekends by the pound and we got two pounds with lots of crunchy skin! So good. Worth it! 

Of course when we were there I saw all the desserts and couldn't resist. Not the best bakery, but I enjoyed getting to eat Filipino desserts while I was in Phoenix. 

Lechon, go get it!
The owners of this bakery are originally from New Jersey and originally owned a chain of bakery shops of the same name until they sold them off and retired here. So, in terms of experience they have it, and they know their stuff.

The lechon on weekends is on point. It's crispy and roasted the way I like it, Tagalog style! =) Yes, it does make a difference. =)

Other things I'm a fan of there are their puto bungbong (glutinous rice with shredded coconut and sugar), the espasol (filipino rice cake made from rice flour cooked in coconut milk and sweetened coconut strips, dusted with toasted rice flour) it's true laguna to the pinoys. Their siopao is decent, the ensymada is lacking alot of topping, and the empanadas are okay not that great. Overall they have a wide selection of filipino baked goods at decent prices but you gotta try the lechon, at least a pound of it ($8.50). 

You oughta try it and keep this local filipino bakery around coz they're worth it.
Small, local owned/operated Filipino bake shop.  I only tried the 5 pack of Ube (Taro) stuffed cookies/pastries and found them DELICIOUS.. the have sesame seed sprinkled on them.  I wish I knew what most of it meant, but I tried my luck with the sweet ube pastry and really, really liked it!  I will be back and try more!  Thanks to all those (Jason B) that recommended pastries.. I definitely will try more out next time.
Lechon!  I had heard of this delicious pork dish from watching travel shows, and was excited to see they sold it here.  I got a pound to go, and it was all that I hoped it would be!  The pork is slow roasted for a long time to get a very crispy and crunchy skin, kind of like a pork chip!  The meat was very tender and full of flavor (And fat!  Don't think for a minute this is healthy for you!)  They included a special tangy-sweet gravy to dip the lechon in, which was wonderful.  I did not try any of the pastries, but they did look delectable.  They also sell chicharron for those that want to snack on something pork-like as well.  

The lady at the counter was very nice and friendly.  If I want to go into a pork-coma again this is the place to go!

Lechon: $8.50 per pound, sold on the weekends
Chicharron: ~$2 for 2 ounces
Well, we've been here twice now.  First time we got pancit.  It was salty.  Not horrible but not great.  Today we mostly bought baked goods.  The pan de sal was mediocre.  The baliwag was mediocre.  The puto bungbong was very disappointing.
fresh pandesal and lechon!!!!  one pound is more more than enough for 3 people. they also have crispy pata and chicharin bulaklak. both i'll try when i go back next week. so glad there's a place here in Chandler that could satisfy my craving for lechon at a very affordable price. $8.95 for a pound. 

I also got the fresh pandesal. it was light and fluffy but a bit too sweet for my taste.
This place has everything!!  I stopped by on a Saturday afternoon for the first time and was so surprised at how different it was from previous owners in this location.  All items are baked fresh on the premises and every rack and shelf was full of goodies to choose from. My haul included hopia with mongo beans, espasol, palitaw, ginataan, puto bumbong, an ube loaf, turon, vegetable lumpia, a container of tokwat baboy, and I couldn't pass up a lb.of lechon for $8.50  I will be back very soon, besides the ready to eat food, they also had for purchase, bags of lumpia that you could take and cook at home.  I'm so thrilled they owners decided to come out of retirement and open this wonderful bakeshop.
Stopped here mid-afternoon on a weekday for pandesal. They had a large selection, but asked if I was willing to wait 5 minutes for fresh ones. Waiting for the pandesal, I purchased an Ube Roll and Brazo de Mercedes. Everything had a traditional flavor and was fairly fresh except for the Ube Roll.
A Filipino bakery in Arizona? Yes!

Stopped in after shopping for groceries at the Lee Lee's in the same complex and buying drinks at the Boba Tea House down the row.  Stepped in and was surprised to find ube, pan de sal, manapua, empanadas, and even adobo.

Very tasty and reminded me of Hawai'i.  Definitely worth the visit and food fix.
Virtually always have a pleasant experience here.
Service is warm and friendly.
Love some of their pastry selections.
Lechon on Sundays! *woo hoo*

Will definitely return. Again! ^_^
We ordered lechon for Christmas and it was by far the worst lechon I have ever tasted. The skin was not crispy and it was way too salty. Our guests hardly touched the lechon. And what is the deal with the box they put the lechon? It had shoe marks all over it!!!! Im thinking it was a box that was on the floor, they walked over it and they assembled it and put the lechon inside. Unbelievable!!!!
I finally was able to try this place out.  We ordered the cheese bread, pork BBQ, soipao, and the fried bangos.   The cheese bread is amazing.  The pork BBQ was ok.  The meat was too lean.  The soipao would be perfect but there was barely any meat. The fried bangos had too many fish bones.  It was too much work so I did not eat it.   The service was excellent and the employees were really nice.  If they put more meat in the soipao I would definitely buy it again and even pay a little more.
Steamed Buns = Catherine Zeta Jones in the movie Entrapment
Pork n Rice = San Fransisco 49ers in the 80's
Service = Pete Sampras
Filipino bakeshop in Chandler, AZ AND it's right by LeeLee's Oriental Market (1 out of 2 Asian 
Markets in the area).  I have very mixed feeling about this place because it's the first Filipino place we found when we moved here 3 years ago. The staff is very friendly...like we've known 

I have had the hot food specials here which was pretty good.  Lechon is only served Sat and Sun but is worth the wait (treat) during the week.  My mother in law loves the fresh hot pan de sol but again only offered on the weekends.  We have bought the frozen egg rolls and cooked them at home; were very happy with the crispiness and quality if them.

I have had the sweets and bake goods but was not very happy.  They were either old or flavorless.  I wouldn't buy the food in the fridge because I rather have the freshly cooked food specials they have.  Since we came from CA, I'm used to Red Ribbon or Goldilocks quality pastries.

We go here often for only certain things so that is why I gave this place 3 stars.
I love Filipino food.  Ever since ginger root decided to close.  I've been looking for a good Filipino restaurant and I think this is the place.  Sisig over rice.  Lechon laing and the desserts are on poooooint. Always hits the spot.
So excited to eat here today but decided to take out food instead. The lechon looks so good and crispy but when I got home, only the top part is great but everything else beneath the one-pound order is burnt. Dang it! Don't sell the burnt lechon/meat coz you're gonna lose customers and worse, first timers will not recommend you to others...get it?

And the pork bbq? Oh i thought I was served adobo in a stick. Soooo sour!
But the cheese bread is good at least.
Was in the neighborhood driving by and spotted a sign for Nigerian cuisine in a little ethnic strip mall. Wasn't really hungry but shoot I've ever had Nigerian food before. I'm curious and I pull over and pay the restaurant a visit. I enter with who I assume is the owner is watching Nigerian TV is also the cook and server. She tells me that they've been open for six weeks. I peer over the menu, unfamiliar with everything the owner recommends jollof rice with choice of stewed meat: goat chicken, fish, beef or a mixture of beef and goat. Craving something more gamey opted for the goat and wash it down it a Vitamalt (Nigerian coke). 

She heads back to the kitchen after taking my order and out she comes with one plate containing a rather slim, boney portion of meat and another plate containing the jollof rice topped with several slices of plantain. I'm disappointed by the small portion of goat in comparison to the larger rice plate I receive. Strangely one portion of the goat is falling off the bone tender while others are a little tougher. The rice on the other hand is nice and fluffy, reminding me of Spanish rice. The plantains are nicely cooked with their bark brown caramelized edges. Solid. Decor is sparse with the exception of a flat screen and considering that I was the only patron in the restaurant, I would've liked a little more attention. Seemingly a little distant, I got the vibe that perhaps she wasn't used to seeing an Asian cat dining at a Nigerian spot. All good though, I'll be returning soon as I'm in that neighborhood every week. Hopefully I don't face the same experience next time I try their other offerings.
Do not go to this eatery.I repeat do not go eat at this establishment.
My girlfriend and I went here looking for goat meat and got the worst food and service ever.First they did not have anyone to sit anyone or greet guests as they entered the restaurant.The onwer lady came from the back and sat us.They took a long time to take our order since there was no wait staff.When the food got there it was all wrong.The owner had said its goat meat.He gave us goat stew which had fish in it.We did not want any fish-he kept concinvicing that there was no fish-just stock fish(whats' the difference?)There was little meat to be had and plenty of stuff you did not want.Also when addressed the owner wanted to argue with us.Wrong!you never argue with a customer.I wanted lemon in my water for a little bit of taste.He did not have any so he went to the store and bought limes came and cut them up and tried to pass them off as lemons.Am not dumb I know limes from Lemons-get me some Lemons.The food was so-so to so-bad.Service was awful and not worth the expensive ticket meal.The Menu was not extensive and choices have to be offered for a complete dining experience.Do not go to this eatery at any rate.#atyourownrisk!
Well I was happy to eat amala ati egusi iyan naa fele dada aaa ,matin pada laipeee
Average naija food. Not bad, but not great either. Seems to be a spicy hot slant on the dishes, not a bad thing if one likes spicy food (like myself), but if not (like my girlfriend) prepare to shed tears and chase down each bite with liquid anesthetic (water, soda etc). Nice lady running establishment. :)
This was my first time in a Nigerian restaurant as I normally enjoy the cuisine at the homes of friends. The decor was sparse but the hospitality and spices were over abundant. I attempted to eat the Jollof rice and goat meat but gave up after a few bites. My Louisiana roots had not prepared me for the West African spice the proprietor graciously heaped upon my plate. The portion was worth the cost but I took mine to go. Next time I'll ask for the child's version of mild and a glass of milk to be safe. The flavor I was able to ascertain was above average. My Nigerian boyfriend enjoyed his cuisine and my pain. I would definitely recommend this to friends.
Located right next to the Indian market in a plaza just south of the university, this restaurant is a little treasure. Actually, it seats a fair amount of folks, but I was the only diner Thursday afternoon. I had the lunch special--a huge plate of jollof rice and plantains and two large and meaty chicken drumsticks plus a can of soda for eight dollars.
Delicious! When in Vegas my taste buds crave and appreciate an outing to Nigerian Cuisine. Comfy, so-so decor, but yummy food! If I wanted decor, I'd be in Ikea, given that its stomach that is doing review 4 strong stars. :)
This place changed ownership in June 2013 and thankfully changed cooks. I have been here several times in the past few months and have been forced to taste more exotic cuisines.  The food is actually very flavorful. I have had the egusi with pounded yam,  plantain plate, jollof rice, and meat stew with goat meat. Each time my hesitation was met with delight and maybe a slight taste of hesitation.  The new owners have changed the decor (thankfully) and provide entertainment in the form of a big screen TV.  

They strive to create a place to commune and enjoy good food and great company. The fifth star is missing due to lack of a liquor license at this time.
Gourmet Command Center came out to feed our hungry auction customers, and Bernie, Cindie, and the whole family are just great!  Excellent and professional service.  YUMMY, hot, and fresh made food!  Great prices and wide selection of choices!  It just doesn't get any better than this...and I haven't even mentioned the head-turning TRUCK!  Gourmet Command Center is a class act, and I would recommend them to anyone!
~Cheryl Todd
AZFirearms.com & Pot Of Gold Estate Liquidations, LLC
Avondale, AZ
I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak, Chorizo Burger and Sweet Potato Fries with Maple syrup dipping sauce..I have never been to Philly but I bet the cheesesteaks with chez wiz are pretty damn close..I'm not a big fan of sweet potatoes but these fries we're great with the maple sauce..The real star of this show was the Chorizo Burger..it's a burger made outta Chorizo..Hello!..Awesome!..Hope they come to Tucson soon!
Stomach and tongue give it two thumbs up!
Italian Philly was the final choice after a long eliminations process from the menu.
After receiving my meal, I felt as if once again my eyes were bigger than my stomach. I was starting to slow down half way through the sandwich, but my taste buds wouldn't let me put down this flavorful Philly until it was all gone.
I also had a chance to steal a couple bites of their pulled pork sandwich. Those bites will make my next eliminations even tougher!
Great food, great service, wish I lived closer.
We've eaten at GCC about 3 or 4 times now.  2 times at the Gilbert Food Truck Court on a Friday night.  1 time at the Encanto Home Tour.  And the last time at this past First Friday on Roosevelt Row.  

Sandwiches I've tried - 
Gourmet Chorizo Burger, The New Yorker, and the Philly
Sides - 
Seasoned Fries, and the Cheeseballs.

Everything we've had and ordered has been great.  But they must have been off their game this past  FF on RR.  My parts of my Philly were cold on the inside.  And the fries we ordered were slightly cold too.  We ordered the cheeseballs again and this time we asked them to leave the honey mustard sauce off.  Instead I used some hot sauce (tapitio) and we got a side of blue cheese dressing.  That combo was pretty good!  J said the gal seemed kinda put off that we altered the balls.  But whatever.  

Again, maybe this Friday they were having an off night.  We'll probably return to GCC, but i think it will be a while before we do.
Huge fan of the Philly! You must try the Rattler or ask for a side of the rattler relish.. You will wake in the middle of the night thinking about this combination.. The cheese balls are a must try but today they went quick!~  I hope they're able to make it to my side of town more often!
I received a menu in the mail for this restaurant and thought, I would give it a go.  I have lived in the valley for 28 years and to tell you the truth, I have never found any restaurants that have wonderful chinese food for a fair price.  WELL I HAVE FOUND IT NOW!!!!!  This place is located near power on Superstition Springs Blvd.  The building is very unassuming, but when you walk in it is nice ambiance, pleasant staff, great service and the food, absolutely top notch for very reasonable prices (most of the dinner entrees are $9-$11 and lunch specials from 11:30 am - 3 pm run $6.50 to $7.50.  My son ordered the Garlic Chicken and I had the Mu Shi Pork.  I was impressed with the variety of vegetables in the chicken dish and the Mu Shi Pork was perfectly done with beautiful presentation. Their menu says they do catering, they have family dinner pricing with the full meal deal in options, and they do take out.  (Check out their website).  They have a wonderful assortment of dishes and even have a kids meal...

For years my family in UT have had a tradition of going to a place in Roy, call the ABC Mandarin.  I have always lamented that nobody in Arizona was as good as that restaurant...I now have one here I can treat my family to, and for the prices, I can eat there whenever I want!!!!  SSOOOOOO EXCITED to find this place and hope they are discovered and get a following quickly so they will stick around for a long long time...

Give it a try, you will be absolutely amazed...I sure was!
Ordered takeout today.  2 orders of garlic chicken, wonton soup, fried rice.

Ordering:  Glad to hear an Asian person answer the phone, instills confidence.  But seriously?  You can't substitute fried rice for $1?  They made me order a $4 side of egg fried rice (enough for 2).  

Service:  Friendly and fast, no complaints.

Food:  Overall pretty good.  I'm from the east coast and I don't understand veggies in my wonton soup.  Mediocre Chinese food is one of the prices I pay for living in AZ.  That, and not shoveling snow.  I can deal with it.  Garlic chicken was very flavorful, and spicy as we requested.  Fried rice was adequate, but I was still pissed about the $4.  

Value:  $9+ per entree, and portions are not very large.  I can deal with that if the quality is good, and it is.  However there is the matter of the rice.  If you are going to charge extra for that you are going to lose customers.  And they didn't give me the white rice which would normally be included with my garlic chicken.

Will I return?  Maybe.  I'm still pissed about the rice.
Bring your flashlight, lighting is very poor. The food is nothing more than barely average Chinese takeout. You could get the same or better quality elsewhere for less $$.
Went there last Friday evening. Food was very good but not very hot.  Two of us had just lukewarm food but it was still good.  Unfortunately, one of the guests had to wait quite awhile for his food; apparently the order had been forgotten.  By the time he got his food we were almost done.  The staff was fantastic and very attentive.  Loved being able to sit outside and the lighting was perfect.  Will definitely return again. Glad to have an upscale Chinese restaurant in the area.
New restaurant at Superstition Springs. Went in for lunch. Nothing special. I had the shrimp in lobster sauce, and walked out hungry. My son had the Kung Pao, and he did like it. We will more than likely try it again, and give it another chance!
My boyfriend and I went here for dinner. Lovely little place. We were there during Happy Hour and they have some great drink and appetizer deals. We got edamame and lettuce wraps. Both really good.
I got Kung Pao Chicken and my boy got some kind of noodle dish. 
We both thought it was great! I took half mine home I was so full.
Prices are reasonable, service was fast and good. Nice atmosphere for a date, but I would take my kids there too. Cute patio area. 
Totally worth going to again.
We initially went because of a groupon and well worth it, but will definitely go back and pay the full price ;)
Been here a few times for both dine-in and takeout, and never had a problem yet.  I moved out this way from Tempe and noticed something of a drought of good and affordable Chinese in the area until my husband and I tried this place.  He likes the Orange Chicken, I'm a fan of the Beef Chow Fun and Lo Mein.  Like the ambience, it beats out the nearby PF Chang's for portions and price anyday.  Try it out sometime!
I went yesterday for lunch with my 2 buddies. We all loved it. We each got something different, Sweet and Sour Chicken, Orange Chicken and Kung Pao chicken. Since the lunch price is so reasonable we also got a Mongolian Beef to share. We shared all the food and it was all delicious. I love Sweet and Sour and Sai Wan's was top notch with lots of pineapple and peppers. The Kung Pao chicken was very good as well with beautiful slices of chicken in a nice sauce. The Mongolian Beef was very tender and great. It is a very clean well appointed place. I don't understand an earlier reviewers comments about the fried rice as it came with our lunch automatically and they also handled several special requests with no problem. I highly recommend Sai Wan Hong Kong Bistro and I will definitely go back as will my friends.
Best Chinese Food I have had since moving to AZ and I am from San Francisco. Great tasting & light, exceptional run dont walk to try it. Charlotte Gilbert
I will save you the time and money, don't go.They have removed a large portion of the menu and the food is no longer good. Spent $40 bucks tonight as I have been a loyal customer since they opened and EVERYTHING is different. So bummed as this was my go to place, always knew it would be delicious! :( Calamari used to be large with a light and fluffy batter and now it was nothing but chunks of hard unflavored batter. Bit into a piece and couldn't even see the calamari. They have removed all the Lo Mein noodle dishes so I instead did a pad Thai which was a rice noodle, it came out all in one big sticky mass with no taste. Pot stickers were to die for and they no longer make those. Broccoli beef was thick and savory with tender beef, now it was swimming in a watery teriyaki type flavored "sauce". The beef was tough and chewy. Egg fried rice was different as well. Got home, looked and tasted everything and pretty much threw away $40 worth of food. Bring back the old menu and cooks and I will consider returning. Until then I am taking my money, business and many many referrals of customers I have sent your way away from your business.  I have posted pictures of the food I bought this evening as proof.  Mine are the last 3 photos, you can tell the difference from mine and the older ones as far as quality. No more happy hour either. They have changed the name to Spice Asian Bistro as well. Shame the old owners had happy loyal customers and now the new ones are going to run a once amazing place out of business.
The restaurant is under new management, and the new owners are super nice!  I would highly reccommend the Shredded Szechuan Beef.  It is FANTASTIC. Just like Pf Chang's but with larger pieces of beef.
OUT OF BUSINESS. Spice Asian Bistro now occupies this space. Can't wait to try them out and post my review!
Amazing food!!! Very satisfied with not only the seafood but the other Mexican selections as well. Also great service, very nice and friendly staff.
Whoa! Pleasant surprise! Service was great and food was so good!! I will definitely come back for more when i return to Vegas! This is the kind of place off the strip that you get lucky to find.  

Food was fresh and delicious! I had the shrimp empanadas as an appetizer - the best! 

The seafood mocajete was boiling and filled with all kinds of yummy seafood!
Loved their food!!!!! The waiter was super helpful and friendly. One of Vegas best kept secrets. The food is authentic. By far the best fried ice cream I ever had. The chef takes the time to cook every meal and it really shows the care and time they put into their food and restaurant. Can't wait to come back to Vegas and eat here again.
Great service and food was delicious! Pleasantly surprised. Will definitely come back next time im in Vegas!
Another hidden gem in DT Las Vegas. I started with the shrimp empanadas. They were really good, the green salsa was very flavorful. I had the lobster and I also enjoyed her aguachiles. Cant wait to come back next time we are in town. No beer but I think they are working on it.
OMG!!! My mouth still can't believe what I just ate....  My aguachiles tostada was the bomb!!!!! The best aguachiles tostada I have eaten so far, so full of flavor and tasty, and the shrimp was so fresh.... my husband was happy with his langosta plate, it was good too. Great food overall, definitely will come back next time we are in town :)
Found this place on yelp while visiting Las Vegas. Excellent food, excellent prices, excellent service!!!
You have probably heard the saying "don't judge a book by is  cover" and this saying is true about this restaurant. I will admit that at first glance we were hesitant to stop and eat, because its not very attractive from the outside nor it's in the best neighborhood, but trust me stop by and try it we are glad we did. The food is great and the service even better. My 5 year old son ordered a simple fish fillet grilled and they made it just like he likes it. My wife ordered a stuffed pineapple with mixed seafood and it was awesome. I ordered a stuffed fish fillet with mixed seafood and I was not disappointed. Highly recommend this place.
Hands down best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to! Everything is fresh and homemade, from the horchata to the tortillas! Yum!
My friends recommended las islatas, but I decided to give this place a try, and WOW you won't be disappointed this place is so good, will definitely be back
Really really good marisco place when visiting Vegas this is the place to go for mariscos their food is delicious and customer service is excellent!!!
Our friend recommended this place. We loved it. We started out with aguachiles and it's really good and spicy. I ordered a campechana and my brother got  caldo de pollo. Everything was delicious. We will definitely be back.
This place is 45 minutes away from my house. The fish tacos are that amazing. This place is absolutely yummy. The server / everything is great as well!
First time here and the food was delicious... I tasted the tostada de aguachile (bomb) tostada mixta frita and the fish taco and it was all very very tasty. I would def recommend this place to anyone and I will def b back!
Ordered the aquachiles and some ceviche tostadas, highly recommend this place. Its Really good and great customer service, also the horchata was great!!
Amazing and authentic. Juanito provides fabulous service!! Can't wait to come and eat when I'm back in vegas!!
Favorite Mexican restaurant in town! I always say good Mexican is hard to find but I have now found the best! I eat here about once a week and the food is always to die for. I have never had anything bad here. I love all of their daily specials and usually just go with the special. The owner is a really nice guy and is always accommodating as well.
Word of advice, don't blink because you will miss it if you do!  It's just a little hole in the wall in a little strip mall on Charleston and Maryland.
I've been using Yelp for quite some time now, but never wrote a review. I figured I'd finally start contributing so here goes.

Just went and visited Mariscos Playa Escondida. I was definitely impressed. Décor is kind of cheesy. Plastic birds, lots of mirrors, blue paint. It seemed like you'd find this place close to the ocean rather than in a desert like Vegas, which is good since this is a seafood place.

The owner/waiter was really nice, he recommended the shrimp and said the spicy style was really good, but I wasn't feeling like hurting my belly for the sake of taste so I opted for the garlic one. It was really good. Came with rice, beans, salad and tortillas. I thought the main course was great. Fresh, smelled good, and looked appetizing. I will definitely come back and try something new.

Only thing I'll dock them for is not so great chips, but heck, can't complain about the free appetizer so still 5 stars. Here's to my first review of hopefully many. Luckily, I'm not a jaded reviewer just quite yet so I'll probably just be reviewing places I like.
Do not judge a book by its cover! This "off the beaten path" divey looking place has the best Mexican seafood I've ever eaten. Walking in I was unsure of what to expect. The trepidation immediately ended when the very friendly and attentive waiter brought out the agua chilies we ordered. Amazing flavor and very fresh. seafood that you wouldn't imagine you'd find in the desert. We also ordered the small parrillada and it was amazing! I was a bit surprised to see that this place had all 5 star reviews and wanted to see if it was true and let me tell you that 5 stars does not do it justice! I'll be back!
THIS IS NOT A DRILL!! 
I had to go back and see if maybe all the drinking had negatively affected my cerebrum and it's ability to make an accurate assessment of said restaurant. Naw, my cerebrum was right on. This place is in fact Mexican seafood nirvana. My family and I all had different menu items and all four of them were excellent. I hate I'm leaving Las Vegas tomorrow as I'd love to come back and get some more of this superb seafood. Until next time MPE, until next time.
After seeing nothing but 5 stars, I figured I'd give it a try. Once again, yelp has not let me down great service, great ambiance (a little old) and most of all GREAT food!! Coming back soon and telling my friends.
Great service and good food! This is the place to be if you're hungover, they'll definitely take care of you here.
Aguachile tostadas were delicious! Real authentic. Shrimp cocktail was ok. Owner is very nice.
I went there with my wife and another couple during a visit to Las Vegas and was impressed with the restaurant.  It is a family owned seafood restaurant serving dishes that reminded me of my dining experiences in Mexico.  The seafood was fresh with authentic preparation with friendly and helpful service.  The prices were reasonable and the portions were healthy.  All-in-all it was a great meal and a great experience.  I would recommend this restaurant and I plan to go there when I visit Las Vegas again.  This place is a real GEM.
Everytime we go on vacation we use yelp to find hidden gems! Playa Eacondida is one of those hidden gems that once you go once you can't wait to come back! We were on vacation in Las Vegas for a week and visited this place 3 separate times!! We tried the aguachiles- LOVED THEM! The pescado sandandeado-AMAZING! And the Parilla de mariscos is a must try!  This place is a must visit if you live in the area and love mariscos!!! We will definitely be back next time we visit Las Vegas!
Awesome food. Awesome service as well. We got there and im 5-6 minutes from ordering we had our food. The food tasted amazing and was very well portioned.  This is a go to placenif you're in vegas and want some bomb sea food!
Im always on the look out for Hole in the Walls and Hidden Gems. This is definitely one of them. The ambiance is what ever but thats what makes it a hole on the wall. I got the Telocete Shrimp which was delicious but I just wished it came with peeled shrimp instead of unpeeled where I had to do some work but thats ok cuz the sauce was great! The rice, beans and side salad tasted kind of plain. The service was great. Since it was my first time I was asking my server a bunch of questions which he answered greatly and you can tell the food is fresh. I would def go back but plan on trying something different.
Unique blend of Mexican food infused with Hawaiian flavors! All the meats are flavorful, my favorite is the Kalua pig bowl and guacamole! The salsas really compliment the meats well. The coconut bark is Delish too! This place is a must try!
I was wasting time the other day nursing a hangover and complaining that only a burrito would nourish me back to health. A few minutes later, I received a tweet from Braddah's saying it was their soft opening and all burritos were free! What the what?!

I looked the address and they are less than a half mile of my house. I hopped into my ride and cruised on over.

They are occupying the space that was a KFC forever, then the Mad Greek Cafe. Located just North of the Sahara and Rainbow intersection behind McDonalds. 

When I walked in, I was greeted by two ladies, who handed me a paper menu and informed me that EVERYTHING was free for the day. 

There is a variety of options: SALAD, BURRITO, BOWLS, or TACOS.
MEATS: Veggies, Fish, Kalua Pork, Chicken
Seaweed rice
Black beans or pinto beans
Then all toppings are free:
grilled veggies, fruit infused salsas, fresh jalapenos, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, guacamole, and a few others.

I opted for a Kalua Pig Bowl. It was off the charts. Everything was loaded in my bowl and I mixed it all together. Perfectly seasoned. The meat was tender and juicy, the guacamole was fresh. Absolutely Aloha in a bowl. I loved it.

I cannot wait to go back and spread the word on this locally owned and Ohana (family) based business. I will be back and will be for sure spreading the ALOHA!
The meats, by themselves, were flavorful.  They even let us sample all of them.  Basically, it's like a Hawaiian-flavored Chipotle -  choose burrito, bowl, or taco, then your fillings of choice.  The salsas sounded great. I don't know if they were having an off-night, but the salsas were very bland.  The meats are at the core of the flavor here but about half-way through my burrito, I had eaten all the meat and was left with beans, rice, and a bunch of guacamole.  Kalua pig quesadillas were great and tasted better than the trio of tacos and burrito.  We were given some coconut bark to taste, and they were awesome. It actually looked like soda crackers coated with caramel and chocolate topped with coconut.  Very good dessert.

They are definitely generous with their guacamole, and the staff up front were helpful and gracious.  We did notice that when an order was put in for our grilled fish, one of the grill guys rolled their eyes, which made us feel a little apprehensive about quality issues.

In the end, the food was okay (nothing to write home about, except for the bark), and some of the service issues can probably be attributed to the restaurant just opening but one of the grill guys needs to check his attitude at the door.

I hope this restaurant does well, but I think it needs to calibrate taste and distribution of ingredients in the food.
Awesome place a Hawaiian version of chipotle but 10x better.  The meat actually had some flavor to it the salsas tasted like they weren't out of a bottle not spicy at all unfortunately but the have jalapenos.  We got a fish burrito and 2 pig burritos the fish is not the best but went well with the burrito.  The pig is tender still has flavor very well done.  They also have a pineapple green sauce that well Id eat on anything.  The meat is a little light so get the second portion.

Going back soon got more things to try from this place and the kids portions are 3 and change and I am eating my boys leftovers right now.
So, anything that sounds Hawaiian is a must try, especially in Vegas.

I had heard they were going to open, but didn't know when, so today when I drove by on my way to work, I noticed the sign and knew I had to try it. 

The drive through is not functioning yet, so I went inside. the first time might be good, the menu isn't big nor complicated but you gotta know your choices and seeing the whole board helps. 

First, pick put the type, burrito, bowl, salad or taco. Choose your meat, add the 'filler' like rice, beans, cabbage, etc....

Next add the salas, finally add all the other condiments like guacamole and sour cream. Oh yah, you can top it off with a saald dressing too!

I got a salad, huli huli chicken, (small bite size grilled slightly crispy outside chicken) with bed of romaine lettuce, add the spicy tomato with grilled Maui onion,  ( don't worry, it's not spicy at all, buy savory), I added sour cream, guacamole with hawaiian pink salt, and the roasted sesame gingerette (tasted the sesame but ginger not so much).

It was really good,  enjoyed it and will difinitly be back to try more! Friendly staff, excellent service and good flavors!
Loved the Kalua Pig!! Really fairly priced and Chris is super passionate about his recipes! I've got nothing but love for this place!!  DON'T FORGET TO EAT THE COCONUT BARK! IT'S AMAZING!! I'll be visiting often!!
Wow I'm ecstatic this Hawaiian style Chipotle is near my gym....eeeeeeek hope my coach isn't reading this. :)

Burritos, bowls, tacos, etc.  They are on the corner of Rainbow/Sahara next to McDonalds.  When we walked in they greeted us with Aloha, asked if we have been here and started to serve us up some samples to help us decide which meat we wanted.  So nice to taste before we order.  I like that their ingredients are not salty compared to Chipotle, very simply flavored, BBQ style, not drenched in oil.  

I chose the Pulehu Steak Burrito pretty much the whole shabang.  Let me tell you, the buggah was mEEEEaaaaan.  After my hard work at the gym, then feeding my empty belly, you had one satisfied girl. 

PS Coconut Bark is on point, don't you dare walk out of this place not tasting it.  The delicious chocolate topped with coconut in between a layor of some kind of breading and bottomed off what tastes like salted caramal...Mmmm hmmmm, it was that good.
Awesome Hawaiian style food and great salads!!!! The salted caramel chocolate coconut bark is so good!! The burritos are great and it is so easy to order. Great place to stop on our road trip. We will defiantly go to this restaurant again when we drive through Las Vegas and the staff was so friendly! 5 stars!!
Was cruising the workplace's corporate perks and noticed that Braddah's was newly added to Restaurant.com's list. (The dining certificates are always a great way to try out a new place.) Loved it! As first time customers we were given a sample of the meats; which should have made our choice easier, it didn't. After dithering back and forth, my friend settled on the huli huli chicken burrito with the works and the spicy and medium salsas and myself on three soft tacos (two fish and one kalua pig). I had the rice, cabbage, guacamole, one of each salsa, and cheese. Loved the flavor mix. Liked the three different salsas; heat from the tomato with maui onion had just the right kick, the mango corn and grilled pepper was light and refreshing, and the charred pineapple verde went really well with my fish. Actually, everything went well with everything. The meats and fish were very flavorful (as attested to by the others), moist, and tender. Staff was friendly and helpful, oh yeah, don't forget patient. Definitely a return trip is in order.
I have been here a couple of times and the staff and food are awesome.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.  If you have not been there before, they offer a sample of their meats to try.  I like all the meats, but my favorite is the huli huli chicken.  Hubs and daughter like the Kalua Pig.  We have only tried the bowls, but next time I will probably get a burrito.  

If you like sweets, they have coconut bark for dessert.  It reminds me of "Christmas Crack" (Saltine Toffee Candy), but with coconut.  

I hope this restaurant is successful and sticks around.  I will be back!
I had a buy one get one free. I called ahead of time and spoke to a very nice lady about carry out. Five minutes later I picked up my order an took it to work. Kaluah pig was very moist and flavorful. The veggies had a great taste and the guacamole was on point. I will keep coming back!
I heard about Braddah's when they followed me on twitter. I was curious so I followed them back. The phrase "Chipotle Hawaiian Style" was mentioned often so I decided to give them a try.

My first time was a few days after Braddah's opened their doors. I was greeted warmly by a young man and he offered me a taste of all three meats- Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak and the instantly famous Kalua Pig. All three are incredibly delicious. 

I ordered a bowl with Seaweed Rice, lettuce, sour cream, cheese and the PIg. Wonderful!!! But not enough. I ordered the same thing to take home. The young man who greeted me asked how I heard of them and I said that Braddah's follows me on twitter. He then said the magic phrase of "I'm going to give you a free Coconut Bark for following us back".

The Coconut Bark . . . .  can I properly describe it? A thick layer of salty caramel, a crunchy layer of cracker, a layer of chocolate and topped with finely shredded coconut. So incredibly mouth-wateringly scrumptious, it should have a legal limit attached to it. (Thank goodness it doesn't!!)

I've tried the salad, the tacos and the burrito on other visits. My favorite is the flour burrito with Double Pig and Steak, black beans, lettuce, cheese and sour cream. I like the Charred Pineapple Verde on the side.

The drive thru is open until 11:00 pm which is great for those of us who want to swing by after work. I've been there half a dozen times already. I just can't get enough.

Welcome to Vegas, Braddah's - please don't ever leave !!!

**edited to add this update**
They've been open a little over a month, I've been there 9 times. Ohhh my goodness, how I love Braddah's !!!!!!
Delicious! This place is a must try. Its the same concept as Chipotle but Hawaiian Style. The staff is super friendly, the food is REAL delicious Hawaiian food :) Thank God for Groupon or I wouldn't have know about it. Give this place a try your stomach will thank you.

I got a Kalua Pig Bowl with the Verde Pineapple salsa, my boyfriend got a Huli Huli Chicken bowl, and at the end the owner brought us delicious dessert I can't remember the name but it was chocolate with coconut
Delicious! The Kalua PiG and Huli Huli Chicken is great. I will be returning soon.Thank you Groupon for suggesting this place.
I had heard about this place and was excited to try them and doubly excited when I saw the Groupon pop up recently. We headed there for a quick lunch. This place has a very simple concept. Burritos, tacos, bowl and salads a la Chipotle with Hawaiian flavors. They offered us samples of their different protein options before we ordered. We really liked the huli huli chicken so my fella and I both opted for this choice. I ordered the bowl and he the salad, although they had pretty much the same ingredients from what I could see. You choose all the toppings you want. I opted for seaweed rice with grilled vegetables as an add on with corn salsa, cabbage, romaine lettuce, sour cream and cheese. My fella got the same, but added black beans to his. 

All the ingredients were incredibly fresh and made from recipes personally created by the owner. It was fantastic. He even came around to everyone's table to make sure everyone was enjoying their food and let us know he created all the recipes himself. Everything we had was fantastic and I made sure to buy a few more Groupons for our next few visits. They have a drive thru as well, which is incredibly convenient.  

Make sure you to like their Instagram and Facebook for daily promotions. Sunday was Slipper Sunday and we got free chips and guacamole since my fella was wearing sandals.
Pretty much as all the other reviews mentioned, same concept as Chipotle, but with a Hawaiian twist.This place was very professional in terms of appearance. It didn't have the typical "rough around the edges" family owned business type of feel so I was already impressed. Right upon walking in they offer to give me samples of the different meats, I was initially going to have the pork since it's their signature but after tasting the samples I opted for the chicken instead because I liked the flavor more. Just from that gesture the service was already off to a good start. The chicken was Teriyaki but not so strong of a flavor which is good so you can taste the other elements in your burrito or bowl. I must say since I frequently eat at Chipotle I am accustomed to their portion sizes and Braddah's is slightly smaller, almost to the point I would need to order a side. I was given a free sample of dessert which is what they call "coconut bark" and I absolutely loved it. It was like a gram cracker (not really sure) covered with chocolate and coconut flakes. I would actually come here just to have this. While eating I noticed the owner was doing some accounting paperwork at another table, usually owners of new businesses greet diners while eating and I guess he was too consumed into what he was doing? Overall good place, just kinda far from where I live.
Layers of flavor, fast n friendly. Homerun on this one.
I went there for the first time today during lunch, and I was impressed by the customer service as soon as you walk in, there great. They had me try all these samples which was great. I finally made my selection and that's when I lost interest in this place. They were so stingy with all there stuff, the portions were so small it was like getting an appetizer. The guy behind the counter used tongs to get the food and would shake the tongs to where the food would fall off and only put what was in the tongs on your bowl, REALLY like two ounces of fish?! Along with all the other stuff it was really small. I paid $10 for food and drink and wasn't pleased with the size of the portions they gave. CHIPOTLE is cheaper and you get more for your money.. I'd hate for a potentially good business to go out for being stingy with food! Common guys make your portions bigger for the price you charge
Food is good but don't go there hungry there very stingy with the portions they give I paid $10 for two ounces of fish and half a bowl of food RIP OFF
Great kalua pig!!! All ingredients were fresh and service was great... Try this place!
I hate to be the critical one since everyone else raved about this place but I thought it was ok. I ordered the 3 tacos so that I got to try most of the meats. I got the chicken, kahlua pig, and steak. Beware! The steak has chinese five spice in it! That was the taco I didn't eat; I hate five spice. The chicken and kahlua pig were good; however, I prefer the chicken. We also got an order of the chips and guacamole. The guac was good but the chips were stale. We exchanged it for another bag but those were also stale. On the plus side, the service was great! The counter employees got us through fast and were super friendly. They even came by to check on us. If I could suggest one thing... Mac salad! Mac salad is something I look forward to at hawaiian restaurants but they did not have it here. I get the chipotle concept with chips and salsa but a side of mac salad with my tacos would have topped it off just right!
Very Ono! We ate Kalua Pig tacos, Huli Huli Chicken Burritos & Pulehu Beef Bowl.  Makes me feel like home. Definitely recommend!
Super onolicious semi-local kine grindz! Braddah's is da winna!
Kalua pig is a must try! Huli-huli chicken is pretty good for haole standard. Pulehu steak is so so. 
Da furikake rice wanna-be is tasty but they put too little rice for hawaiian plate standard. 
I think they should localize it a bit more by having 2 scoops of mac salad as a side option or maybe add spam as a meat choice. 
Will definitely spread the word and will be back soon for sure!
We came here on a Friday evening and ordered 
1. Flour burrito with Kalua pig $6.95
2. 3 tacos with Huli Huli chicken $6.95
3. Quesadilla with chicken $3.50 (4 slices)
4. side of guacamole ?
for the price of the groupon ($10 for $20 value). It came out to $20.27, but waived the change

- Next to McDonalds and Buffet of Asia. 
- Dead on, Hawaiian-style Chipotle.
- Very generous. We told them that it was our first time here and they gave of a free sample of the Kalua pig with mango and roasted corn in an actual serving bowl for us to sample! Haha. 
- Clean. Fast food. Friendly "ohana" service. 
- Choice of flour or wheat tortilla for burrito. 
- Sour cream isn't extra but guacamole is.
- Burrito is delicious. The pork was flavorful! I taste the island-flavor! Salty and sweet.
- Tacos were crispy and fresh.
- Chicken taste like a mix of pineapple, sugar, and ginger. Sweet. 
- Quesadilla was a bit disappointing. Very cheesy but also really greasy. 
- I recommend the Mango and roasted corn salsa! Excellent!
- Great creativity. Love the fusion. 
- Only wish that they have a salsa bar, chips, limes, and jalepeno peppers. Now, that would be truly amazing. Otherwise, the Groupon made it terrific buy for what it's worth.
So finally got around too checking out yet another local style action in Vegas. One that has rather unique name but one that truly backs up the "Aloha" Spirit!! The first step walked in the whole staff shouts out "Aloha". Everyone is extremely helpful comes too the menu. It not your typical plate lunch action local style food. It goes in three different steps so for first timer like me (lot of confusion). The staff takes you through each one going over the options. If your expecting some mac salad, two scoops rice, or spam musubi on the menu not going too get it. =( On the other hand I enjoyed the fact really different approach  first step you can either get it in burrito wrap style, rice bowl style, or one more not remember. The protein grilled fish, kailua pork (one need too get on my next visit), and went for the huli huli chicken. I got it on bowl style with brown rice and not too much on top just black beans, and spicy tomato/maui onion salsa. You could go crazy make it full on chicken salad. I wanted too taste the chicken. I really enjoyed! IIt was nice moist, get nice portion (not just chicken but all the proteins), and had great huli huli chicken flavor you would go pick up for fundraiser action back home at some school. The black beans was ok. The salsa was winnah. It was nice little kick too it. The tomato tasted nice fresh and combine with sweet maui onion nice touch. I got some chips with side of guacamole. The guacamole was ok. The chips were solid. It nice light, crispy, and right amount of salt. Between the guacamole and the salsa. I could have had chips all night be happy braddah. Just kicking back listening too local style music some braddah "IZ". 

The owner if awesome. The guy goes around asking if you like everything and next thing know talking stories about the islands. I love the interior can tell they put nice brighter color too it then the prior owner some Greek place never been. All the art work had Hawaii little on the touristy prints but others had more local style vibe. The music. Now if enjoy listening too local Hawaiian music PLUS action cause all they played during my lunch. They even have drive-thru also. 

Really could almost say Braddah's Island Style is healthy option minus the mac salad. You can have the option of brown rice, pick your sides all healthier side (seen you can even go protein and rice), and not going too break your bank either. Love the atmosphere and for sure plan on coming back for some kalua pig!! Till next time..
This place's style is similar to Chipotle, but with a Hawaiian flavor. And it blows Chipotle out of the water. The Kalua Pig is awesome!! Plus all the salsa and dressings are made fresh every day.
I saw this place on Groupon and thought that it looked interesting, so we gave it a try. I am so glad I did. The first thing we noticed when we walked in was the clean modern decor. I was very impressed. Very spacious dining room and outside seating. The menu consisted of tacos, burritos, bowls etc. Your typical Chipotle menu, but what made it stand out was the meat selections were all Hawaiian local style preparations such as pulehu steak, kalua pig, huli huli chicken and grilled fish. The girl behind the counter generously offered a sample of the kalua pig which I found to be delicious, tender and juicy. We ordered 3 huli huli chicken burritos, a kalua pig bowl and a kalua pig burrito along with a kids menu cheese quesadilla. The kids meal comes with tortilla chips and a drink. Although we were thoroughly impressed by the food and the service, what really pleased me is that they pay attention to the small details like the cutlery, napkins, and to-go bags. All of these were pretty "high end" when it comes to disposables. The napkin was nice and thick, the kind you would get at an actual nice sit down restaurant. The cutlery was sturdy and the to go bag was not some cheap plastic bag, it was a nice, large, sturdy shopping bag with handles. 
I know this place is new, and I really hope they make it. I know I will definitely spread the word and keep coming back especially during my lunch breaks at work because they ingeniously also have a DRIVE THRU! Yay!!!
If I could add more stars I would!!! This place is AMAZING. 
First the reason why people go to restaurants... The food. The food was excellent. They let me try a few of the meats prior to ordering. The steak was juicy and full of flavor. The chicken wasn't anything short of amazing and the Kailua pork nearly melted in my mouth. I couldn't pick just one for my tacos so I got one of each. The staff recommended which condiments went best with each meat and I must admit they were spot on. 

Now the reason that sets places apart from the pack, the staff. The staff was extremely welcoming and engaging. They had tons of recommendations for the food as well. The owner was behind the counter and extremely friendly. I am always impressed when the owner is present. He came out and talked to all the customers. You could tell he takes pride in this place. 

I will be back often.
Let me start off by saying how sad I am that I'm not giving this place 5 stars because I really wanted to do so. Been wanting to try it so purchased the Groupon & went there in between classes.

The prices could be comparable to Chipotle & Zabas so I thought portions would be quite the same but I was wrong. Concept was the same but portions, not so much. Ordered a bowl with rice & Pulehu steak with mostly all the fixins (salsa, cheese, sour cream, beans, lettuce). The fixins took over my bowl pretty much. I had to dig through the mountain of toppings to even try the steak. Oh how delicious it was but I only had about 6 or so good pieces in it. And my bowl lacked rice. My palm was bigger. It was yummy though but I felt like I just ordered a big bowl of lettuce and salsa.

My food was not warm either. My bf had the burrito and he said his was room temp. Mine was actually somewhat cold because of the amount of lettuce on it. 

We also ordered chips and salsa. All I know is that my chips were so stale and chewy and it was hard to bite into.. All for $5. Sigh..

Basically, I left my bowl of lettuce, cheese and salsa on the table, a bit disappointed. Really wanted to love this place. I'm from Hawaii & God knows how excited I was to try it. Thank goodness for the Groupon though..

I'll come back soon. Maybe it's just today. They're really friendly & food tasted good. A couple kinks here & there but it has potential so I'm looking forward to trying it again, for sure.
Chipotle meets the Islands.   I purchased a Groupon and was able to order more than my usual amount of food.  Staff are super helpful and offered us a sample of the meats.  Both the kalua pig and huli huli chicken are delicious - couldn't make up my mind.  Had three tacos with each meat - with their rice, salsa, guac and cabbage.  Fantastic value and totally yummy.  Portions are HUGE - I think it is a matter of which fixings you want as I couldn't eat more than one and a half taco - and I can eat!   Coconut Bark is a must.  Delicious food - friendly staff.  Definitely a must try.  Take your time to review the menu before you order - many yummy items.   I hope this place comes to California.  Check it out!
Hawaiian style Chipotle is how they have branded themselves and that is just exactly what they are.. We were greeted immediately by lots of friendly workers who offered us samples of the Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pork.. We decided on the Huli Huli chicken bowl & the kalua pork burrito.. Portions are HUGE and so we could only finish about half of each.. Food was ONO hehe.. I really liked the nori rice.. But you really can't go wrong with anything here.. We also got the Coconut Bark which is basically a Salt River Bar... Bad for you but deliciously addicting :]]] 

Boyfriend added guacamole to his burrito but wasn't told it was an extra charge (not that it matters) so the cashier refused to charge him for it! GREAT SERVICE and lots of smiling faces.. The owner even stopped by our table to chit chat.. Turns out he will be opening a couple more locations in LV..! They use real silverware and bowls so you can just leave your mess at the table.. Don't forget to tip! +1 for their drive-thru

HOT TIP: Sometimes they have a promotion where you get free chips and dip when you wear sandals.. Just ask them about it! And get the Groupon before it sells out!
Yum! My friends and I went to Braddahs today for lunch and can't wait to go back. I had the salad with Kalua pig and grilled veggies, black beans and brown rice, topped with sesame gingerette salad dressing and grilled pineapple salsa. So delicious! The pork was so tender and flavorful. We were given samples of the chicken and steak and they were all so good that it was hard to choose. The staff was super friendly and explained everything since it was our first visit. The owner is great... he spoke with us us several times, offering recommendations and and explaining his concept and background. As great as lunch was, by far the most amazing part of the meal was the coconut bark. It is the perfect combination of sweet and salty and melts in your mouth. Can't wait to go back!
Groupons make the world go round or they do in my world. We stopped by for some weekend lunch. Food was solid and service was too. The owner came around and made sure we were having a good time. Tried the chicken bowl and it was real good. Even got free chips and guac because I was wear slippers. Not a fan of guac, but it went well with their salsa.
While I realize reviews can't be based solely on the staff, this place is a five star restaurant on service alone. The food completely lives up to the service. 
I took my wife and daughters here for lunch, and was immediately greeted by the owner, with a handshake and a welcoming smile. It was immediately apparent the owner was passionate about his craft when he proudly had us sample his hand crafted recipes for Pork, Beef, and Chicken. They were absolutely amazing. Moist, fresh, and perfectly cooked. The owner talked about his passion for fresh food, and his desire to bring something unique and healthy to Las Vegas, and he delivers. You might think this is another Chipotle, or Zabas but ah you would be wrong. Something about an artisan hand crafting the food he is passionate about that can not be matched by a big chain and employees who have no stake in the business' success. This has the potential to be the next big thing. Unique recipes, huge portion, and humble prices. This is definitely one not to miss, and is sure to be a Vegas favorite. The owner said they are going to be opening a second location at Durango and Centennial very soon! Thanks for an excellent dining experience, you have a few new regulars!
SERVICE AMAZING! FOOD AMAZING!! 
We love Braddah's - Took the whole family including the grandkids and all of them totally loved the food. Everything was outstanding! Sorry Chipotle, this place has the same concept, but the flavors are so much better! And the staff are just incredible! We will be back/ :-)
Island style Chipotle is the accurate description of this place...but perhaps with a little less organization compared to its corporate counterpart.  Okay, so I ended up ordering a quesadilla with kahlua pork and asked to have an adult size version of it.  I had to correct them twice that I would like meat in it when I was ordering.  When it arrived at the table, it was a tad bit greasy and the meat was all smushed to one side and not evenly spread out.  Also the exterior was soggy due to it being cooked in wrapped foil...I like my quesadillas to have a nice crunch on the exterior.  The flavor of the kahlua was good, but they also failed to give me any fixings like sour cream or guac to accompany the quesadilla.  My fiance ordered the 3 taco combo and I must say that looked more delicious than my order.  He tried the huli huli chicken, mahi mahi, and the kahlua pig and his tacos were overflowing with guac/sour cream/salsa.  As I was in line waiting for our order, I heard the lady behind me say loudly, "kinda stingy with the meat, eh."  I turned to see what she was ordering and they put the two smallest pieces of fish I've ever seen in her rice bowl....eek!  If you are looking for value go with the tacos instead of the rice bowl...because she was right, they are stingy!  The coconut chocolate bark was just okay in my mind, but I'm not a big sweets person and this is SWEET! Overall, I'd give them another try since the samples I had of the other meats were delicious.  I probably wouldn't order the quesadilla again and probably won't order the rice bowl unless I feel like being a semi-vegetarian that day.
Tried this place with a Groupon today at lunch and we were very pleased!  We ordered pork burritos and they were huge. I read a few reviews on the portion sizes being on the small side but not with the burritos.  The service was also outstanding.  They offered us samples of the meat when we walked in since we have never been here before.  The pork was definitley my favorite but the chicken was also really tasty. 

Check this place out for the big fat burritos and great prices. And don't forget the coconut bark - you'll be hooked.
Ok, as you are reading this, there is Hawaiian music playing in the background.

Now picture yourself at a luau on a beach in Hawaii. Hula dancers shaking their hips. Dudes spinning their fire pole thingy. Ha ha, that's a nice visual. Anyways, all you did was walk into a Braddah's Island Style restaurant. Ok, you can stop the music now. Actually when you go there they really do play Hawaiian music. 

When you come here, your options are simple with 5 easy steps. 

STEP 1. You pick whether you want a Burrito (flour or wheat tortilla), Bowl (bed of seaweed rice), Salad (bed of romaine lettuce), 3 Tacos (soft flour or crispy corn). 

STEP 2. Pick your meats. Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Fish, or just Grilled Veggies. 

STEP 3. Pick your toppings. Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Shredded Cabbage, Romaine Lettuce, and Grilled Veggies (for a charge).

STEP 4. Pick your salsa. Charred Pineapple Verde (mild), Mango and Roasted Corn (medium), Tomato with grilled Maui Onion (spicy).

STEP 5. Pick even more toppings. Sour Cream, Cheese, Lettuce, Jalapenos, Cabbage, Lime, and Guacomole (for an extra charge).

Of course you can put any or all of the toppings on to your entrée selection. I can also describe how all this tastes, but that just wont do it justice. You need to come here and sample their product, which they will happily give to you.

Last but not least, finish it off with Coconut Bark. A salty and sweet concoction that will make your sweet tooth want to jump out of your mouth and make a residence here. This is their only dessert option but honestly, that's all you need.

Chris, the owner who was just behind the counter helping make orders, was also walking around bussing tables and talking to every customer that was there making sure everything was ok. When he came up to me, I had all sorts of questions for him and to my surprise, he answered every one of them sincerely. Things like more promotional menu items like Shrimp and Kalbi Ribs for starters. I was impressed by his honest response to any and all criticism that I had. That's the type of owner I like. One who listens to their customers and takes things to heart. Now if this is how the owner acts, I can only assume all his employees will have the same positive attitude.

Some random info. At the time of this review there is a 20 dollar for 10 Groupon so take full advantage. They have free wifi and the code is on the wall above you when you come in. On Sundays, if you come wearing sandals or flip flops, you get free chips and salsa with your order. They take cards. Their dining room is spacious and equipped with napkins and some kind of good tasting Hawaiin sauce. They have two separate solo bathrooms for men and women.  And lastly, they have a drive thru!

So a big mahalo to Chris and his staff. You just got yourself a customer for life!
Went here from across town to use my restaurant.com certificate and was made like I committed fraud.  Its not my fault I shouldn't suffer for it.  They should add shrimp to meat choices.  Owner went from front of house to back of house to help but didn't appear to wash hands
Friends of mine mentioned to me  this place is GOOD. So I had to try it. You know what, this place is GOOD. It has the same concept as that other hispanic restaurant around town.  But BRADDAHs has GREAT hawaiian style food here. I ordered a burrito w/ PULEHU STEAK, PINEAPPLE VERDE SALSA & SEAWEED RICE all wrapped in a  wheat tortilla. The steak was FLAVORFUL and TENDER, the salsa was REALLY GOOD and the seaweed rice was just as GOOD. DEFINITELY GOING BACK! Almost forgot, you have to try the COCONUT CHOCOLATE BARK dessert. IT IS TO DIE FOR! It reminds of when I was a kid eating and enjoying ALMOND ROCA. BRADDAHs ranks among my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
Two Words = Great Service.

Everyone is super nice at this restaurant and that in itself sets them apart from many restaurants in Vegas.

1 star = Quick assembly line, and every one behind the glass is super nice and friendly. What a great way to start a meal!

2 stars = The owner introduced himself, let us try some meats, and made sure we were enjoying our meal! Now that's how you handle business and return customers!

3 stars = Kalua pig flavor = bombtastic. Explodes in your mouth with flavor and does not taste anything like a fast food staple. 

4 stars = COCONUT BARK = to die for. I wish this restaurant was closer to home so I can always have a refill on my coconut bark. They are $3.50 a bag but so worth it and it comes with a lot. But definitely hate to share, so get your own! Haha!

Lacks the 5th star only because my tacos and fiance's burrito was tearing apart as we were eating them. Must be the strategy in wrapping and filling that needs to be worked on as the restaurant is fairly new. But all in all, great place for fast food, chipotle Hawaiian style goodness!

That coconut bark though! Ugh...it haunts me!
Love the food!! amazing service! All of the food was fresh and fast in and out service. Enjoyed the variety of salsas and different types of meats. Def rec. the desserts! I will be back many times.
Annudah Braddah Fan!
Had a Groupon, so we checked it out the other night. OMG...best experience we've ever had at a "fast food" venue! Walking in, they asked if it was our first time. "Yes." So they gave us samples of the meats to try.  Hubby couldn't get over how moist the grilled chicken pieces were; and I would fight anybody for more of their Kalua pig! Can't wait to go try the steak and fish.
Be judicious with the many, many choices of add-ons. For instance, I won't combine the nori-studded rice with the Kalua pork again. Don't want anything to overpower that melt-in-your-mouth smoky pig. The rice is probably better with the fish; but the black beans went just fine with pork and chicken. Wow, the fresh salsas--they were awesome on everything. And they also put some amazing hot sauces (Pickapeppa and Mango-Habanero, yum!) on the tables too.
The $20 Groupon was enough to cover both our meals, including soft drinks and a dessert, so that tells you how reasonable the prices are. The menu is limited...but if you are in the mood for Hawaiian style proteins w/ Mexican style add-ons, this is THE place to go get it. And the friendly staff is a nice change from most "counter service" places too. 
You MUST try the chocolate bark--if you don't like coconut you can scrape it off!. It is like the "saltines toffee" I make at home every year for Christmas, but w/ 2x the toffee and 3x the chocolate on top. Buttery chocolaty salty HEAVEN! You can tell its fresh-made with really good chocolate and real butter in the soft toffee. A generous  5-6 oz. bag of it for $3.50. This stuff would be $30/lb. at a Strip chocolatier.
Recently tried Braddah's Island style for lunch with my wife. All i can say is fantastic food!!. Located on Rainbow and Sahara next to McDonalds. Why so many people stuff down nasty Mickey D's when all this fresh goodness is right next door for the same price is beyond me.
The building is very tastefully done. Nice seating area on the patio outside, and very bright and inviting on the inside. I love the old airline posters of Hawaii hanging on the wall, and the old Elvis music was relaxing just like you were in Hawaii for real . We were very warmly greeted by the employees with a friendly Aloha. Forgive me that i forgot to get any of their names, but they were all so friendly. What a nice change of pace to have such nice customer service. Since it was our first time, they offered us free samples of the Kalua Pork and the Huli Huli chicken. both delicious and full of flavor.
The ordering line is basically set up like a Chipotle if you are familiar with them.
FIRST: pick from either a burrito, rice bowl, or 3 taco option.
SECOND: pick you're meat. Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Veggies or Grilled Fish.
THIRD: Pick your toppings: Black Beans, Grilled veggies with green onions, Seaweed rice, lettuce, cabbage etc.
FOURTH: Salsa Time: Charred Pineapple Verde(very mild,) Mango and Roasted Corn (delicious) and Tomato with Grilled Maui Onion. (Medium).
LAST STEP: a few additional toppings such as cheese, sour cream, guacamole, jalapeno's, limes.
NOTE: additional toppings do cost extra, so keep that in mind when building your meal.

My wife ended up getting the rice bowl, which was a really good size portion. She paired that with Huli Huli Chicken which is so delicious. She put on various toppings such as lettuce, cheese, and got the Salsas in a couple of small containers so she could put the right amount on herself. I can't remember what else she got because i was so involved with my order. Total tunnel vision lol. I went with the 3 taco option so i could try a few of the meats. I opted for the soft shell and got the Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, and The Pulehu steak. The Chicken is grilled and flavorful, the Pig is declious and juicy, and the Steak has a sort of sweet unique flavor like i have never had. i loaded them up so much, she could barely fold the tortilla. The food is flat out delicious and above all so very fresh, like you would make at home if you knew how lol. And whatever you do, don't forget the coconut bark for dessert. A sort of Hawaiian smore's concoction?? I don't know but it was ridunkulessly good. Nice piece of chocolate with shaved coconut on top, kind of a graham cracker?? in the middle and a salty caramel bottom. The salty evens out the sweet chocolate, and will turn you immediately into a crack-head for this stuff wanting to take a couple pounds home to stash for later.

Overall can't say enough good things about this new restaurant. Excellent food, customer service, and ambience. We will be back again for sure!!. give it a try, and you will be so glad you did!!!! Mahalo and Aloha
Well my first time here it was great had to kalua pig I will definitely be back place is very cleaning service was excellent
So friggin delicious!!!! Great customer service and amazing food! They give you samples of all the meats and everything just tastes so fresh!!! Great prices and amazing flavor to the meats! I will be a repeat customer for sure!!
Hawaiian food done chipolte style is all I heard. I had to check it out. Its better the advertised and the customer service is excellent! Flavors were great as well and the coconut bark is addicting.  Definetly will be back for more
Went to Braddah's for the 2nd time this week and can officially say I'm hooked already.   I was determined not to mention "Hawaiian Chipotle" for the fear of it being passé, but really it turns out it's the best way to describe it.   I actually think they should have just fully played up to this fact by incorporating Chipotle into the name of the restaurant or something.   Hau'olipotle!   ChipotLEI!    I'll be here all week.

On my first visit I had a gameplan to get an order of tacos so I could sample all the main meats (Chicken, Pig, Steak), and even though they awesomely asked if I wanted to try any/all of the meats prior to ordering, I stuck to the plan and ordered the tacos.  Like you've read from other reviews it's just like Chipotle/Zabas where you start with a taco/burrito/bowl/salad decision and then choose meats/accompaniments to go with it.  On top of the meats I tried the seaweed rice, the corn salsa, the tomato salsa, and some jalapenos.  They also have the standard items like cheese, sour cream, guac.    I had the choice of crunchy corn or soft flour tortillas and went crunchy corn.   Of the meats the pig stood out to me by far.   The steak and chicken both seemed to have a bit of sweet teriyaki flavor to it which I'm generally not a fan of.   They tasted fine for what they are, but the pig was so juicy and flavorful that I've been craving it since that day.   The seaweed rice didn't really taste much different than regular rice, but maybe that was because it was on tacos and there wasnt much of it.  Most all of the other fixins I got were standard, which is not a bad thing but it leaves for very little to write about.  Pro-tip: the jalapenos here are fresh and extremely spicy.   I've already witnessed them leave a coworker in literal tears.   Be warned.   

To close out the first visit I tried some of the much heralded coconut bark.   This was probably ill-advised with my lactose intolerance but to add credence to the review I felt it was necessary.   You're welcome.   It was as good as everyone says it is.   So much so that you know when you're in a situation with a few people sharing several pieces of something, and it gets to that last piece and there's the tug of war of "you have it" "no I insist!".   I ended the tug of war after one "no you can have it" uttered by my friend.   So delicious it made me a greedy jerk.   Highly recommended

The 2nd visit I went to an all pig burrito with most of the same fixins I got previously.  I didn't really feel like my burrito was made all that well to be honest, especially when I asked for all 3 salsas and got them separated into thirds on my burrito by the gentleman making it.   It was almost too funny for me to even correct.   Are there people in this world who eat burritos like that?   I wanted all of them melding together throughout but instead it was like a salsa taste test.   Also the burrito just seemed really short and stubby and I kinda felt they skimped a little on the meat, whereas my friend's burrito last time looked completely stuffed.   It was still incredibly delicious and I can't really expect every cog of the assembly line to be consistent this early in the stages.

I can easily see this being upgraded to 5 stars once it does.   In the meantime don't bother trying to trademark ChipotLEI as I've already got my lawyers on it.
Service was EXCELLENT! Extremely friendly on our first visit! Hawaiian Chipotle! love it! quality of food was unmatched! will definitely return!
The Mrs. had been talking this place up, saying her co-workers were raving about it. It's not real conveniently located for us, but we were in the neighborhood on another adventure and stopped to see what all the fuss was about. We were greeted by a very friendly staff and were offered samples of the different meats, as this was our first visit. Braddah's has a similar set-up to Chipotle and Qdoba. I opted for a chicken burrito with lots of extras. The burrito itself was good, but didn't live up to the hype. I ordered a side of chips and "guac". The guacamole was great, but the chips were served cold, although they were served in a paper bag with the grease coming through, giving the illusion they were going to be hot and greasy. The coconut bark for dessert was pretty tasty and the staff was friendly and attentive. The prices were in line with what you would expect from a fast food restaurant of it's type. I might return in the future, if I'm in the neighborhood. I was a little dissappointed, admitedly due to the enormous hype I was hearing prior to my visit.
strictly out of curiousity i tried this place out. big fan of hawaiian food. ordered a kalua pig burrito, with charred pineapple verde sauce. had black beans, seaweed rice, sour cream, cheese, lettuce. big fan of kalua pig, and this is right up there. the flavors weren't eye popping, but it was just a great burrito in general. you have to give it up to them, for introducing a somewhat new concept.  im planning to try the steak next.definitely a great place, to grab a bite to eat, nothing fancy just sit down, but you know you're getting quality food, at a reasonable price. came in there, during a tuesday afternoon, apparently they had new staff that was being prepped on the business, might have been the owner that was talking to them. like what he had to say, as far as running an operation, I manage a kitchen myself, these guys seem to get it right.
We walked in and were greeted immediately despite other customers placing their orders. When we mentioned it was our first time here, we were offered samples of huli huli chicken and kalua pig, which were both very good. We opted for chicken bowls with seaweed rice and then proceeded to pile our toppings of choice including mango corn salsa which was so tasty! 

The employees here are very nice and patient and explained each item we had questions about. Many people have compared this place to Chipotle and while it's the same ordering process (choose an item and then choose toppings) and presentation (tacos, bowls, burritos), I think Braddah's is better than Chipotle in regards to taste and speed of service. I definitely cannot wait to come back here.
It reminds me a lot of chipotle. There is not many food options. There was flies, which is super disgusting. Besides that, the sauce is delicious. The decor is beautiful, simple but really pretty. I love the Yellow umbrellas.
Yes, yes, it is kinda like the Hawaiian Chipotle!  But the flavors at Braddah's are definitely unique and local to the Islands!  Me likey!

The family and I went for dinner one weekend night and were greeted with cheery employees!  We were asked if we had been to Braddah's before, then given a nice sample of their kalua pig.  Really like home!  So needless to say we stayed for a meal.

Braddah's concept is almost identical to that of Chipotle's with their food-building line.  You start at one end and place your order, and along the way down the counter you choose what you want in your entree.  Menu items are very similar to Chipotle's as well, simple and easy to comprehend.  But with more Hawaii flavor infused into the menu.  

Choose from your menu staples of burritos, bowls, salads, or tacos.  Then you go down each station to choose your protein, rice and/or beans, salsa, dressing (if you have a salad), and fresh fixing choices.  Then it all gets wrapped up or placed on real plates!  Kind of a nice touch, since it gives you that homey-type feel.  Of course you can get it to go if you need to.

For proteins you can choose from:
-Kalua pig (damn yummy like out of the IMU)
-Pulehu steak
-Huli Huli chicken
-Grilled fish
-Grilled veggies

You have a choice of black or pinto beans, and the rice has either nori or furikake in it which is pretty good.  Hot rice, furikake, and shoyu...a meal in itself!

For salsa choices you get:
-Charred pineapple verde
-Mango & roasted corn
-Tomato with grilled Maui onion (LIKE since I'm from Maui)

Dressings make for salads include a papaya buttermilk ranch, and a roasted sesame gingerette.

Fresh fixing items to include with your order:
-Sour cream
-Romaine
-Cheese
-Cilantro
-Cabbage (great with grilled fish)
-Jalapeno
-Guacamole with pink Hawaiian salt (for a small fee)

Tons of flavor combinations!  Like a hula dancer in your mouth!  Hmm...that worked out better in my head then on paper.  I had a burrito with Huli Huli chicken, pineapple verde, tomato with grilled Maui onion salsa, sour cream, cheese, and extra romaine.  I thought it would be too much for the chicken to come through but POW!  That Huli Huli chicken tasted exactly like I remember from my 'hana bada' days (that's kiddie time to you non-locals).  Sweet, salty, tangy, just damn delicious.  Very good burrito, made even better with the Pickapepper hot sauce they get from Jamaica!  That sweet and heat flavor added some good kick to my palette.  I would eat jars of that stuff.

We also had a kalua pig burrito too and it was pretty stellar as well.  That smokey flavor of the pork complimented the rest of the ingredients nicely.  Good stuff.  Fish tacos were ono too, very comparable to the ones at a place like Wahoo's.  Fresh.

The only complaint I have about Braddah's is sometimes the servings can be a tad on the 'keiki' side.  Especially with the bowls and salads.  Please, most of us people from Hawaii are big!  I'm a big boy!  I want a big boy serving!  I can understand how food costs rise constantly.  I only suggest you put a bit more lettuce and rice/beans when you guys make a salad or bowl.  Tastes good, just want more!  So please, maybe pile over the top of the bowl!

Since it was our first time to Braddah's we were given samples of their only dessert, coconut bark.  Shiz...this stuff is like CRACK!  I don't even like sweets!  Sweet, silky, crunchy, coco-nutty all at the same time.  Tasty explosion!  No wonder it won 'Best Dessert' at this past year's Bite of Las Vegas, well deserved.  If you like spicy, add a dash of that Pickapepper hot sauce on top (I kid you not), and be amazed.  Super yum-yum.

I bought a Groupon for Braddah's so I will be back again sometime soon.  I thought the drive was a bit far for us so we would wait a bit.  Come to find out, another Braddah's location will be opening soon closer to us at Centennial in the NW!  Will probably be back much sooner now.  Mahalo Nui Loa!
Delicious food, lots of options! Just like chipotle but Hawaiian style. They had vegetarian options for me and they were great and flavorful. 

Only thing is they didn't fill up my bowl as much as I would've liked. The workers were very friendly and probably would've given me more toppings had I asked, but they might've charged extra, I'm not sure. Their portions are still good, but could possibly be on the smaller side depending on what you add in. 

Still delicious, though, and a must try! I will be back.
You'll feel like you're at a Hawaiian themed Chipotle, with a few exceptions. I have never had such a warm and friendly greeting from all of the staff. They all seemed sincerely happy that we were there and excited to answer our questions on the menu; also the food was great.

I had the kaula pig salad and the meat was really flavorful and tender, topped off of course with the usual lettuce and veggies that make it a salad. We were offered complementary coconut bark that was so delish, I have been craving more since.

The food is great and the service is top-notch, only critique is that is feels too familiar to café rio, and chipotle. Although based on the friendly atmosphere, I will probably skip those other chains and come here next time.
Went there for the first time today! So good! The guy behind the counter gave samples of all the meats. My boyfriend & I chose to get Kalua pig bowls which were so tasty. The service was good & the place was nice & clean. Definitely have to go back to try the steak in a bowl & get the coconut bark!
Braddah's Island Style location make's it convenient for locals and non-locals to locate at the corner of Rainbow and Sahara next to Harley Davidson's.  Lots of parking and a drive-thru make's it an easy access.  The staff is friendly and the Aloha spirit is truly present among all it's team members.  The menu is truly healthy and presents the island style in a unique fashion.  Kalua burrito's and taco's, brown rice with nori and assortment of Hawaiian salsa's.  The menu is easy to read.  Don't forget to try the Coconut bark.  If there is a good Hawaiian diner in Las Vegas--the locals will find it and they truly did, when I was there, it was packed.  Onolicious!  Got my vote!
Great food! Good service! Free samples! And a groupon! Excellent Chipotle style Hawaiian place. The coconut bark is amazing!
Chipotle is a distant memory to me now that I have been to Braddah's! The pig and mango corn salsa was awesomeness rolled into a soft warm burrito! The coconut bark was a delicious finish! My husband enjoyed a bowl with the most delicate & flavorful fish in town! We are hooked! Staff was helpful & let us taste test to make our selection perfect (so thanks Jaime!) we will be BACK!
It was my first time at this spot and was greeted as soon as I walked in. Cool twist to the chipotle theme. The Kalua pork burrito is Bomb.Com with the pineapple salsa, and the coconut bark is Insane. I'm definitely making this one of my regular spots cuz it was just that good!
A Hawaiian Styled Chipotle?? How could I not try the place out?  I bought the $10 for $20 Groupon and took a friend to try it out.  Now with $20 for two people we could go for all the extras without feeling guilty.  The staff was super nice and genuinely seemed like their wanted their customers to have the best experience possible.  Another nice bonus was that there is free wifi (the pass code is posted on top of the door)

Now for the food:

I ordered the Kalua Pig Bowl with a bit of the charred pineapple verde salsa and the mango & roasted corn salsa. I loved thought the Kalua Pig was seasoned really well and it went well with both salsa.  They offer several toppings to spice up your dish that include sour cream, romaine lettuce, cheese, jalapeños, cilantro (which I LOVE), cabbage, and guacamole with pink Hawaiian salt (for a little extra).  Yes, I got the guacamole and it was wonderful and I feel like I have to get it next time I go back as well.  

Also, since we had a little bit extra on our Groupon we also sprang for the Coconut Bark on recommendation from one of the workers.  Now don't get me wrong, I like something sweet every now and then, but this was way past my sweet limit.  I'll be skipping this in the future, but if you REALLY LIKE SWEET than this might be the perfect dessert for you.

I'm excited to go back in the future to try out their other meats and combinations.  I totally recommend this place and really you can't go wrong with Hawaiian Food or Chipotle like bowls/burritos!!


*FYI* there are no trash cans so don't wander around trying to find one like I did.  The servers bush everything and even packed my leftovers for me.
Very rarely do I stop at a restaurant that looks even remotely like a fast food joint but Groupon lured me here. All I can say, that's the best Groupon purchase I have ever made :-) this place rocks! The food is amazing, the owner is fantastic, and the service is impeccable.
Great restaurant and great service...like all the food I ordered (Pulehu Steak burrito and Huli Huli Chicken bowl and of course the coconut bark).

I understand that this is a new restaurant and concept for this area and I would love to see this restaurant succeed...with that being said I would like to put my two cents in and advise this new restaurant to offer more varieties of food and drinks. I see that the kitchen is big enough so offering french fries and burgers (kids love) + ?? Hawaiian style should not be a problem. 

The family atmosphere that is evident in their great customer service comes through loud and clear...just some advice in hopes that this place can attract more customers.
Good reviews all over Yelp? Check!
$10 Groupon for $20 worth of food? Check!
Best friend to be fat with? Check!

We walked in and were immediately greeted by the super nice guy behind the counter. He asked if we were first timers. "Yes we are!" He then offered us a sample of the huli huli chicken and the pulled pork. Both were delicious! Think of Chipotle where you can get a burrito, bowl, tacos, or a salad with your choice of meat. I opted for the bowl with the chicken. He then proceeded to ask what I wanted my bowl to consist of. SO MANY OPTIONS. My bowl had the seaweed rice (so good), chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, pineapple salsa, sour cream and jalapenos. Portions are huge so it's a good thing I came hungry. I docked them a star because when he scooped the tomatoes into my bowl, he didn't strain them first. So by the time I was at the bottom of the bowl, there was a puddle of tomato water. Not so appealing when your food is drenched in it. At that point I couldn't eat any more of it. Otherwise, the bowl was pretty tasty. Chicken was bursting with flavor, the seaweed in the rice was an extra treat and the pineapple salsa was outstanding. 

I really wanted to try the coconut bark, but I knew it wasn't a good idea after stuffing my face. I'll try it next time for sure, which gives me an excuse to come back!
Aloha! 
Haha, super friendly staff! Right when we walked in we were greeted.  I love that!  It was out first time so they gave us some samples the pork and huli chicken. Both were super delicious!  It's like chipotle. So I went with the huli huli chicken bowl which comes with rice and beans. The rice had some seaweed with it. Tomatoes, corn, jalapeño, and lots of goodies! It was so flavorful. Taste so good. Well back back to try ether the tacos or burrito next !
A Hawaiian version of Chipotle. 

This place is hands down amazing. Their Kalua pig has so much flavor and everything tastes fresh. It's nice that they offer so many options to customize your order so people with the most particular tastes can be catered to. The coconut bark is the best part- absolutely amazing. I swear I am addicted. If you want to eat somewhere with good quality Hawaiian food with a Mexican twist, go here, you won't be sorry.

5 stars.
tried this place recently and it was delicious

friendly and knowledgeable staff, fresh food and large portions, and dont forget to purchase a groupon for this place!

must try coconut bark!
We decided to give this place a try after kraving some kalua pork and tacos. Never heard of it being used in tacos; so this was a must. Stopped by and we were immediately greeted with an "Aloha." Perfect scenario so far... As we approached a guy (forgot his name) he asked us if we are new here and offered us a few samples of their really great meat choices. 

All in all I loved the experience, food was great! I got the kalua pork and hulihuli chicken taco. 
Here's a tip: read their menu before walking up to order... simple and a fun way to get creative.
Braddah's was an amazing experience! I was skeptical because to be honest I hate Hawaiian food but this place is so fresh and tasty that I didn't get lost on the greasy Hawaiian I've tasted prior. Braddah's is a breath of fresh air and much needed for Las Vegas! They have tacos, burritos, bowls and salad so it does have an air reminiscent of chipotle but the food flavor index is vastly different. The choices of meat include a sweet marinated steak, a mild but tasty chicken, fish to die for and Kalua pig that was very good as well but I'm not much of a pork fan. The atmosphere is very friendly with a aloha as you walk in and mahalo when we walked out :) highly recommended!
**Summary**
       - Fusion - The place is a Hawaiian/Tex Mex fusion. It takes traditional Hawaiian meats and combines them with Tex Mex's tacos, burritos, and bowls.
       - Chipotle - I'd describe this place as a Hawaiian Chipotle. The menu and ordering style is the same. The flavor however, is different.
       - Rice - Rather than the normal cilantro/lime rice at Chipotle, they have rice with sprinkles of seaweed. It's quite delicious.
       - Taste - If you're not sure which meat to get, I'd recommend asking for a sample, that way you're knowing what you're getting into.
**Ordered**
       - Huli Huli Chicken - I can't get over how flavorful and perfectly cooked this chicken is. I went with an actual Hawaiian who told that Hawaii Huli Huli Chicken was one of the pinnacles of Hawaiian food and she said this chicken ranks up there as well.
       - Kalua Pig - Kalua Pig usually is pretty salty. This one is no exception. It goes well in a bowl, but I wouldn't recommend it in a burrito.
       - Pulehu Steak - The steak seemed a little under seasoned. It might of been since I had the Kalua Pig first.
       - Grilled Fish - The grilled fish tacos we had were delicious. The fish was flaky and cooked to perfection.
       - Coconut Bark - Unfortunately, I didn't like this as much. It's a lot of chocolate and was a bit too rich for me. A couple bites and I was going into a sugar meltdown.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you like Hawaiian fusion or Chipotle. It's an interesting change and delicious.
Well I live in Maui so I've had a lot of Island style food.  Most of the time I find it kind of bland so I was interested to find out what this Vegas hawaiian grill would be like.  When we were waiting to order they brought us by some samplers and the Kahlua pork was nice and flavorful but I ended up with the chicken salad.  The down fall is they only had 3 kinds of dressing I believe.  Other than that the grilled chicken had a fantastic flavor.  The nicest part was that the owner was out cleaning tables and thanking customer for coming in.  That means a lot to me and I was impressed.  I would return for sure.
OMG THE ISLAND HOSPITALITY!  3rd time here and each time has been amazing.  I especially love the way they explain the ordering process!  Kahlua pork is my favorite!!!! And service inside & drive thru are awesome!  And I think it's healthy! Doesn't seem greasy at all!
Great place for fast island inspired food. I had half pork and half chicken over rice. It tasted great and is very reasonably priced. Everything was fresh and super healthy. I would definitely recommend. They should add Kalbi (short ribs) to their menu, though.
I've noticed lately that I maybe give too many 5 star reviews. So, I decided to maybe not be so easily impressed with just basic service. However, there is no way I can in good conscious give this place anything less than the 5 stars it deserves! Immediately upon entering the door I was greeted with a friendly hello. Once I told them it was my first time here, the young woman behind the counter immediately grabbed a bowl and gave me samples of the different meats. They were all good, but I had to go with the pig! I got it in the three taco deal and they were nothing less than delicious! They were not at all stingy with the ingredients, and it was all fresh. The meal with a 20oz Coke was around $10, which is about on par with Chipotle. Will definitely be back!
First, let me explain...  I don't give a five star rating unless I really think something is really good and unique. 

With that said, I really enjoyed the food and the service at Braddah's Island Style. 

I'm a cab driver here in town and I'm often asked for places to go and things to try that are unique to Las Vegas.  This is definitely gonna make the regular list of suggestions! 

Being from Hawaii, I wasn't sure what this was gonna taste like.  Kalua pig tacos?  Huli huli chicken burritos?  What is this??  I'll tell you what it is...  IT'S DELICIOUS!!  I knew what kalua pig tasted like on its own but I had NO IDEA how ONO this could be in a taco! 

The service here is fast, friendly and awesome.  Everyone coming thru the door is greeted almost immediately and the ordering process is quick and straightforward.  For this, being my first visit, I ordered the three tacos (one huli huli chicken and two kalua pig) and told them to prepare them the way they thought it would taste best.  

I guess what I was most impressed about was the overall attitude of the employees and the taste of the food.  Great job!

This is definitely just the FIRST of MANY trips to Braddah's!
Excellent! I'm stuffed as was my kalua pork burrito. Friendly people, great food, fast service. Love the selections, nice change from the ordinary. The coconut bark is to diiiiiie for. Yelp yelp!
Two words: coconut bark. Apparently just coming off of a fresh victory from the bite of Las Vegas festival for winning best dessert, I can completely see why. Sweet, salty, crunchy, melty, buttery, heavenly brown bagged morsels. We initially bought one for our family of 4, but had to buy another on our way out because it was just that good. 

As others have said, it's a Hawaiian chipotle. Upon entering, you get an amazing sense of customer service already. They asked us if we have ever been before, and when we responded no, they gave us a sample of all the meats. I loved the flavors of the meat. I got a chicken and steak combo burrito on a WHEAT tortilla with fajita veggies, mango salsa, and the hot tomato pico salsa along with everything else. It was amazing and so big that they had to double wrap it. Usually, I am not a carb person, but it was the weekend so I killed that bad boy and easily ate my entire DV of calories. The steak has 5 slice and hoisin. It's sweeter than Mexican marinated meats but completely delicious. The food was plentiful and a plate of 3 tacos and my burrito fed us all. 

My only complaint is that the food wasn't hotter. The meat in our samples were room temperature and I usually like my food scalding. We had 2 people come by to check on us, and were even given a sample of their holiday bark which was greatly appreciated. Perhaps it was just an off day, but I am so excited to come back and buy bags upon bags of coconut bark. I've already raved to my family about it and I can't let them down. See you soon!
Step 1... Choose one:
Burrito
Bowl
Salad
3 Tacos (choose soft flour or crispy corn)

Step 2... Choose one:
Huli Huli Chicken $6.95
Kalua Pig $6.95
Pulehu Steak $7.60
Grilled Fish $7.50
Grilled Veggie $6.25

Step 3... Choose one or all:
Seaweed Rice
Black  Beans
Shredded Cabbage
Romaine Lettuce
Grilled Veggies ($1.15 extra)

Step 4... Choose one:
Charred Pineapple Verde (mild)
Mango & Roasted Corn (mild)
Tomato W/Grilled Maui Onion (spicy)

Step 5... Choose one or all:
Sour Cream
Cheese
Lettuce
Jalapenos
Cabbage
Lime
Cilantro
Guacamole W/Hawaiian Pink Salt ($1.35 extra)

I purchased a $10 for $20 groupon so we could try this place out for dinner. Upon walking in we were greeted and right away offered a sample of their Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig. Both of these were equally good, but I really loved the Huli Huli Chicken. After reading the menu board I decided to go with the "3 Tacos" with 2 on flour tortillas and 1 on crispy corn. I was torn on which meat to choose for my tacos, so the man behind the counter said I could mix and match them. Cool! I ended up going with chicken, pig and steak tacos and paying the extra $1.35 for guac on them. A lot of places would charge for the guacamole per taco, but I was just charged the 1 price and got a generous portion on all 3 tacos. The tacos were delicious! The charred pineapple verde adds a nice flavor addition, the meat is tender and has great flavor, the tortilla was soft and good and the price was right for what I got. The guacamole is worth buying just as a side to have with chips, but I have to admit that if there was some sort of Hawaiian pink salt in it, I didn't see it or taste anything except for fresh yummy guac. Hubby had a "Pulehu Steak Burrito" and loved it, but found the size to be too small for his hungry appetite. I still had half of a taco left so I was very fulfilled! So full that I didn't even taste a bite of the "Cheese Quesadilla" priced at $2.50 (meat extra) that we also ordered. 

I also had to make room for dessert later because I got a bag of "Coconut Bark" priced at $3.50 to try. Whoa!! This stuff is addicting! I have never had anything like it before and honestly don't even know for sure what all was in it. It seems like a saltine cracker with a layer of brown sugar or caramel and then a layer of chocolate and coconut. Whatever it is, I want more! 

You can eat inside, outside or even grab some grub from their drive-thru.
Very nice service, free samples, good portions, and most importantly good food! Must save room for the coconut bark.
#goodfoodbra
3.5 stars
Came here with a groupon. Walking in I was greeted with a sample of a couple different meats. I was then showed the menu board and explained the steps of ordering. I ordered a burrito made with a flour tortilla with pulehu steak, cheese, jalapenos and spicy tomato with grilled maui onion. The tomato/onion salsa wasn't spicy but tasted good. I thought the steak was flavorful and the whole burrito to be good but the size was too small for me. I also ordered a cheese quesadilla that was good but average. I could see myself coming back here with coupons if ever offered. My wife enjoyed her food a bit more than me especially their coconut bark (I'm not a fan of coconut I didn't try it).The people inside were friendly and it was clean.
Love it! Delicious food! Aloha spirit!
Friendly staff!
We'll visit often!
Aloha!!!!!!
Food and service were excellent! My husband and I went here on our vacation because we had a groupon and it had great reviews. The manager or owner was extremely nice and gave us samples to try. The set up was fast casual similar to Qdoba or Chipotle which we love. I had a salad with the Huli Huli chicken which was delicious (also enjoyed the sample of Kalua pig). The coconut bark was a sweet and salty unique dessert which we both loved. I would definitely recommend this place and hope they franchise since we don't even live in the area!
So welcoming, with an awesome ambiance and eating environment. Personally greeted by the owner and enjoyed my samples! It made my choice very easy from there :) Kalua Pork Burrito!!! It lived up to expectations! Very filling and you can feel how fresh and healthy the food and ingredients are here! I'm bringing my family next time :)
Braddah's reminds me so much of a popular chain that lots of people enjoy. Can you guess what it is?

Yep, it's Earl of Sandwich. They totally have the same font all over the menu! If that was your guess, great job.

I'm going to go against the grain and highlight what happened at the end of my meal here. After finishing my excellent food, I saw this purple and white ribbon pinned to the menu. I asked the manager (owner?) about it, and he quite proudly shared with me that it was for winning best dessert at the Bite of Las Vegas. He even boasted that they beat out all those fancy chefs who "went to school" to learn to make dessert.

Loathe to let a great opportunity slip, I stepped up to the register and ordered the coconut bark. Wow. I'm not normally a coconut fan, but this wasn't overtly coconut-y. There's coconut shavings on a hard chocolate layer, then a middle white layer which was more likely coconut as well, and a salted soft caramel layer at the bottom. It's pretty dang sweet, which is too my liking, and isn't too hard to crunch through. Only problem is that I only bought one box and there's very few pieces of this deliciousness. After eating a chunk just now, I only have one piece left for another day.

By the way, the non-dessert menu is also worth coming here for. I had three tacos, and following the excellent idea of Christie L., I got to try three meats (huli huli chicken, kalua pork, pulehu steak), plus three different salsas. I'd probably go for pork or steak (just like at the other fresh burritos places) and definitely stick to the mango and corn salsa, but the pineapple verde and tomato with Maui onion options aren't bad. They also have two hot sauces available at bottles at the tables. You know I'm kinda a fan of sweet, and I found myself augmenting my tacos with quite a bit of the raspberry and jalapeno sauce. The unlabeled guava sauce was a little too hot for my delicate taste buds unfortunately.

Overall, this is an excellent 4.5 star concept that the coconut bark certainly bumped up to an unquestionable 5. You will love Braddah's if you enjoy either or both of Hawaiian food and the fresh burrito concept. Hopefully, they'll stick to their goal of opening a Henderson location soon so that I can enjoy their food after a much shorter driver.
Good island style grubs.  I opted to try out the 3 taco meal on my first go at Braddah's.  For my three choices I picked the veggie, chicken, and fish options and had them put pretty much all the "fixins" on it.  I was excited to try out the maui onion they offered and it wasn't quite as good as I wanted it to be as I didn't taste the flavor I've come to know and love.  But, I looked past it and settled on the flavors of the veggies, chicken, and fish contents; the chicken being the best out of the three.  It's not very often that you find huli huli style chicken here in LV (unless I'm not looking hard enough, which wouldn't really surprise me), so it was a nice flavor to re-visit after being out of the islands for a while.  The fish was also quite grubbin' but I found that the guac and sour cream overpowered the taste of the fish and I couldn't fully enjoy it.  I'll put it down as a mental note to try guac and sour cream on my tacos next time.  Got to try some of the prized coconut bark and it is as good as they say it is (and I'm not much of a dessert guy so that's saying a lot).  If I had to describe it, the coconut bark is just like a Twix bar with a healthy infusion of coconut flavor and texture.  Try it out, I'm sure you won't regret it.

Overall, Braddah's Island Style is a good grub option when you're hungry and jonesin' for a little bit of island flavor.  Braddah's style is reminiscent of back home but it doesn't quite hit the mark.  However, that is definitely not a bad thing as it is tasty and I enjoyed the lunch experience I had while visiting.  A Hawaiian-style Chipotle they say?  Pretty much a spot on description.  A solid effort from a promising spot.  I'll be sure to stop by if I'm ever in the area and looking to eat something 'ono. Just have to remember to dial down on the condiments and take in the flavor of the main dishes instead.
This place reminds me of Chipotle Mexican Grille but with Hawaiian twist.  Very clean well-lit, comfortable atmosphere.  The staff is friendly, and the food selection is simple but tasty.  The real hidden gem in this place is the coconut bark dessert.  I normally don't order dessert anywhere, but due to the staff's friendly persuasion, I tried it and loved it.
Awesome place... Island style favorites with a twist... I usually just get my favorite which is Pulehu Steak and Seaweed Rice... You know diet right... but the taste is great, and the owner took time to talk story with us... Will be returning and I'm already suggesting my IG friends to go...
This place is like a Hawaiian-Fusion Chipotle. Amazing service! The people that work here are so warm, ESPECIALLY the owner. The food is also super amazing, very flavorful. Definitely recommend to everybody.
This place is awesome...great portions!!!  I simply love everything on that menu...What is great are the bottles of sauces that are for sale there...each one has a different kick!!!  I recommend this 110% !!!!
Better than chipotle. Amazing food. We had the taco special with 2 grilled fish  and 1pig. They were so accommodating. The food was so fresh and plentiful. We also ordered a pig burrito with extra meat. It was enough for 3. I can't wait to go back. The thing that  amazed us was the staff. The owner Christopher made a point to say hello to everyone  while he was busing the tables. Great place.
Great place with great food and staff. The huli huli chicken is awesome. The owner is a nice guy. Very friendly.
REALLY had high expectations for this "Hawaiian Style Chipotle" as other reviews say. Service was great and they also handed out samples of their most popular proteins, Kalua Pig and Huli Huli Chicken which were very good.

I went with a Burrito, half Huli-Huli Chicken, Half Pulehu Steak, Seaweed Rice, black beans, lettuce and sour cream, tomato-onion salsa on the steak, and Pineapple Verde on the chicken side. I took a bite, then another one, and another one, half way through, the tortilla starts cracking(not heated long enough to stay pliable). the salsas were okay, but I was also looking for the sweetness of the pineapple which was lost. As I said earlier, the proteins were good, but I think I'll skip the tortilla, beans, and lettuce, and get a bowl instead. Poi and Squid Luau would be awesome sides, too! Just wishful thinking.....

The Coconut Bark was good though-layers of brittle, sweet dough, and chocolate with a sprinkling of coconut were ADDICTING! I'll give it another go when they set up shop in the former Slidin' thru location. Hopefully it'll be better the next time around.  ALOHA!!!
Ahhhh, Hawaiian food and Mexican food fused together.  These are two of my favorite foods and thought after reading the reviews, "This place is a dream come true!".  I drove from the Mountains Edge area to sample their international delights.  

First off when you walk in you could kind of tell that this place may have been an old Taco Bell.  But, hats off to the owner for trying to create that Aloha feel!  Anyhow, I'd like to make a quick comment about the service.  It was our first time here, and they serve the tacos, burritos, and bowls Chipotle/Subway style.  It's really good and invites a patron to ask a lot of questions.  However, the "male" serving staff that helped me was not the greatest.  The guy that was explaining the different types of meat to me wasn't very enthusiastic about any of them.  I know they serve fish as well, because of the Yelp reviews but he didn't ask if that was an option I'd like to try.  

The food it self was tasty and inventive.  I got the Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig, Puleha Steak tacos with Mango & Roasted Corn Salsa on flour tortillas.  The Kalua Pig taco being my favorite!  However, I kept to things that "looked" familiar like the Mango & Roasted Corn Salsa.  I wasn't ecstatic about my meal but it was just, good.  What really held down it's reputation was the Coconut Bark desert.  It's really hard to explain.  But, we had friends that hated coconut shavings.....and loved it!

So, my suggestion to this place is to have a staff that is more suggestive.  Honestly, my food was pretty good but, kinda tasted like Chipotle.  It was my fault for not trying something different but, the staff also wasn't helpful.  You really need a staff that can put you in the right direction when trying something new and inventive.  I hope to try this place one more time but, usually the first visit makes the most impression on that decision to go again.
So I was at my office and we were discussing what we wanted. We wanted to try something new! And let me tell you, Bruddahs was a FANTASTIC choice! 

It was super close to my office, and when I walked in I received a friendly ALOHA from all the staff. I immediately felt good right off the bat. The food is reasonably priced and the portions are big. So sharing is a definite possibility if you know you don't eat a lot.

I tried all three of the meats. Steak was by far my favorite! It was cooked so tender it nearly fell apart and the flavor was so yummy. Their salsas were flavorful and accented the meat. I tried the seaweed rice as well and it was fantastic! Everything ordered was superb, and all my coworkers loved it as well. I will definitely be going back to try everything else and different combinations.

I would definitely suggest trying this place out for good Hawaiian food!!
I like the idea of a "Hawaiian Chipotle" and was excited to try it. 

First time we dined in. I got the Pulehu steak, seaweed rice, beans, cabbage, sour cream, tomato onion salsa (supposedly "hot"), corn salsa. It wasn't spicy and just needed something for some oompf with spice and needed a little salt as everything was underseasoned. There were 2 bottles on the table, a yellow sauce and one bright red/pink one. The yellow was tangy sweet and the pink was sweet fruity sauce. It wasn't what I was looking for so I kept it plain. The BFs bowl with the Kalua pig was way better as his meat was nicely seasoned and had a nice smokey flavor. 

The second time we came was much better. I got the kalua pig and to get some of the spice I asked for some sliced jalapeno. Everything seemed better seasoned this time around, like the rice the last time was not salted. I hope that this keeps on, it was much more flavorful and was actually pretty tasty. Now, if they can make the "spicy" salsa actually have some bite that would be awesome. I wonder if their consistency is a issue, but I hope that this visits quality is more common and would explain all these great reviews.

We tried the coconut bark salty sweet noms this time too. I want some more! The box came with 4 pieces and I should have bought more. It reminds me of the saltine brittle my sister used to make. It has some chewy almond roca tasting toffee, pretzel, layer of chocolate with some coconut shavings on top.

It's on the way home, open after work so it will go on our rotation when we don't feel like cooking.
The coconut bark is wonderful.
Everything else is Chipotle-style as other reviewers have described, but with the 808 twist on it.
I used my $20 Groupon here for dinner for the b/f and I and we still had to pay.
I had the steak bowl with seaweed rice, black beans, mild "salsa," and lettuce, along with bottled water and a small order of coconut bark.  I liked the beef, finding it to be tasty and the combo of ingredients was very hearty.
Mel had one side of the steak and one side of the chicken (low carb day for him) and a bottle of water.
Our orders came to about $22.
My bowl of food was so big that I took half home because I had to leave room for the famed coconut bark, which is wonderful.  Did I already say that?  It is. It reminds me of Almond Roca, which I love. If I come back here, I'm getting that again.  They also have holiday coconut bark for sale now, which is made with white chocolate.  Mahalo!
Reading all these reviews, I couldn't help but think "what's a Hawaiian Chipotle?".  Well, I finally got to find out for myself.  Yes, when you walk in it's almost like Chipotle.  Your meals are made in an assembly line fashion, it's fast food, and the prices are similar.  

The process is simple...select your meats (Kalua Pork, Steak, Huli Huli Chicken, Veggies, Fish, or Shrimp).  Then choose whether you want your meats in a bowl with rice, in a salad, a burrito, and even a taco.  Then after this, you select all the extras like sour creams, beans, guac, etc.  For me, my decision was easy.  I wasn't feeling a burrito or taco.  I also wasn't doing a salad or rice bowl. So, I chose just a side of steak and a side of chicken.  I thought both meats were a bit greasy and lacking some flavor.  I know Chipotle isn't any better when it comes to grease, but at least there's a little taste there.  I still managed to down my dish because I don't believe in quitting.  My gf got steak with rice and beans. She also had to get their coconut bark.  Might as well, especially since they're known for it.  I had a piece and thought that it was pretty good.  It's pretty much a toffee tasting, Almond Roca tasting, sweet piece of candy.  That one piece was probably the highlight.  

My gf had a $20 Groupon for our meals and we were originally sticker shocked that just two bowls, 2 drinks, and coconut bark was over $22.  Something just didn't add up.  When I got home, I realized why.  Instead of Braddah's charging me for a side of chicken and a side of steak, they charged me for a full bowl.  Yeah, we were over-charged about $2.  I'm not going broke because of this, but it's the principle.  

Overall, with a recent 5 Star ROTD for Braddah's and some of the hype I'm seeing, I have to say that I was a little disappointed.  The thought of Hawaiian food mixed with tacos and burritos sounded great.  But when it came down to it...they are just A-OK

PS:  At least the restaurant is clean and there's a drive thru.


YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (493/500)
Having heard positive things about Braddah's since it opened I, of course, bought the Groupon to check it out.  It was about 7 p.m. and there was one other customer in front of me already checking out.  As soon as I entered I was greeted with a welcome and had I ever been there before.  When I said no, he said let me get you a couple of samples.  I tried the Huli Huli chicken and the Kalua pig.   Admittedly, I am not an expert on anything Hawaiian but as soon as I tasted the Kalua pig I was hooked.  

Their menu is very easy to read as far as the steps to create your burrito, bowl, salad or taco, meat choices,  extras, etc.  I ordered two of of bowls with the seaweed brown rice.  For the tacos I took the suggestion of the waitress and did a combo of the steak, chicken and Kalua pig.  They also provide sauces.  The pink one I found pretty spicy and a coconut one is on the sweet side.  I also ordered chips and guacamole and I couldn't resist trying the coconut bark.  If nothing else make sure and order that!  Sweet, crunchy, deliciousness!  They also provide sauces.  I thought the prices were very fair for portions.
Due to a recent incident at this restaurant, it was difficult to give an unbiased overview since I personally will not be patronizing this spot any more. But here's a quick breakdown:
Food quality: A
Creativity: B+/A-, yes it's a knockoff of Chipotle but the food is amazing and the executive chef's new handmade, preservative-free sauces are phenomenal.
Cleanliness/quality of premises: A
Service/quality of staff (minus the owner): A

 I like the premise of this place: keep it simple, use a presentation that people are used to but with an island flair. And it works. There set-up is a lot like Chipotle: pick what style of food you want, choose your meats or opt for vegetarian and then pick your sides. And I must say, their Huli Huli Chicken and their steak are good and their Kalua Pig is amazing. And, as mentioned above, their Exec. Chef, I forgot his name, makes great/creative sauces regularly and there's a new one all the time. 
            I was definitely a fan of this spot and promoted it to everybody I knew. 
What changed? In short: the owner and his attitude/passive-aggressive demeanor. What happened: Myself, my gf and my brother went for dinner one night because I had been there 3 times prior and really wanted them to try it. We get there, order and everything is cool. Now, nearly every time I had come here, the sauce situation was different. The first two trips: they had like one sauce per table (a Pik-a-Pepper sauce I think) and the third time is when they rolled out these handmade creations. And each table seemed to have one of each of the handmade sauces. This particular time, none of the tables around us had any sauces on them. Since the sauces were like 40% of why I wanted to come back again, I looked around and noticed a rack with several bottles of each sauce. I figured: hey, they switch it up each time...maybe they put them on this one rack so they have to waste ingredients making a bottle of each sauce for each table. So I go and grab them for our table. Cool. A minute later, another customer in the same predicament went to grab sauces and was informed that those bottles on the rack were for sale and that there are bottles floating around that say "Table" on them for customer use. Of course, I and my group felt bad. But right after, the guy come over to the table and before he said anything, we said "We just heard you tell them and we're so sorry...we'll pay for them. It's not a big deal, they're worth whatever the cost." His response: "So the wasn't big enough huh?" We apologized again as he was walking away. He came right back with a purple sharpie to right "Table" on our bottles, overtly suggesting that now he can't sell these and he has to use them for other customer. We apologized again and he said, with an obviously forced smile, "Don't worry. I'm the owner, it's my place. I just want my customers to be happy." We replied, "Are you sure, man?" He says, "Whatever makes you happy." I had been apologetic up to this point, but now knowing that he was manager kind of ticked me off. He left again, and then we looked at this sign...I kid you not...that sign was in like 10 pt font....we were the closest table to the rack and couldn't read it from our table. (Which btw, is not only bad for avoiding people misusing the bottles but also is a bad way to promote that your sauces are for sale). As we were finishing up, he comes back again with a new sign, still in 10 pt font, and put the sign ON TOP of the bottles, so nobody can grab them without seeing it. 
Seriously dude? We messed up, that was admitted and we were willing and able to pay for it so as not to cheat an up-and-coming business but your attitude and demeanor, for being the owner, makes us not only never want to come back but to warn the folks t o which we previously promoted your biz. If it was an employee that was rude, fine, I'd excuse it but I cannot bring myself to support a place when the owner was directly rude. Here's how it should have went down, even if we didn't offer to pay for them, you eat the cost of those bottles ($21), be cool about it since it was a genuine mistake, wait til we leave and then make whatever changes you need to. Instead, you have to eat the cost of those bottles anyways, but your passive-aggressive manner has now lost my business and others' as well. Your staff was amazing and really does embody the laid back and friendly island spirit...but you on the other hand...need to learn how to embody the "Mahalo" vibe that you aim to promote.
The service is FANTASTIC! Very personable and friendly. They even let you try the meat before you order on your first visit and the food is great!!! The chicken is very moist and flavorful next time I'll be trying the pork.
WHO: Those who are craving a "Hawaiian Chipotle".

WHEN: On Sunday through Wednesdays, they are open from 11am-9pm. On Thursdays they are open from 11am-10pm. On Friday & Saturdays, they are open from 11am-11pm.

WHERE: Located in the plaza on  Rainbow & Sahara.

WHAT: If you are craving Chipotle, but with different ingredients, you may like this place! My friends and family have been raving about this place for the longest time ever, so I finally decided to try the so-called Hawaiian Chipotle because I saw a Groupon for it! (Thank goodness for Groupon!)

The dining area is decently sized, and may possibly allow about 20+ people to sit and eat. It is definitely new and clean = +++.

Overly excited as I am, it is my turn to order. The workers were totally great and helpful, asking if this was my first time at the restaurant, and they let me sample their different meats offered. After taste testing, I got half Huli Huli chicken and half Pulehu Steak salad, with Seaweed rice, black beans, grilled peppers (for an extra charge), sour cream, cheese, with their pineapple and also mango salsas. There were also 2 different types of dressings as well- and I chose to try both. The first was a Papaya Ranch, which was a creamy goodness. The other sauce/dressing was a tamarind base, if I can remember, which also was good and Tangy.

For dessert, I had to try their famous Coconut Bark, caramel brittle with chocolate, and coconut sprinkled on top. It was a tad bit too sweet for me, but it was definitely OFF-THE-HOOK!
SOOOOOO GOOOOOD !!!!!!

We ordered a salad with grilled fish, an order of tacos and a box of coconut bark.
On the tacos we ordered 2 pork with pineapple verde salsa and 1 chicken with the tomato and Maui onion sauce. With the grilled fish salad we did the mango and corn salsa. The coconut bark was so good it almost made me weep.

I'm ready to go back today and order it all again.
I love this place!!
Very laid back environment there, and the food was really good! I like the Kailua pig, but everything else was good too. They let you taste all the meats before you pick. The coconut bark desert is also great! If you go in sandals/flip flops, you get free chips and salsa.
OK so I work in the restaurant business so I understand sometimes u have a bad day . So here we go (1) we called in an order and was given a price of 15.86 ..... when I get there its 18 and some change but I brought exact cash so I had to run back home and grab a couple more bucks . (2) when I get back in 5 min the price has went up go 21 and some change .  the girl behind the counter was like sorry we forgot to charge u for  veggies . (3) when I got home there was no rice in either of our bowls .  (4) the food was very bland  ! I mean how many time u gotta screw up something ??? I will say the mgr Jamie offered us a free meal  or money back but to be honest I'm going back to get my cash , I'll never eat there again   !!!!!
I'm I in L.A. or Vegas or maybe Hawaii???  Lol
Enjoying a kalua pork burrito while listening to some Beach boys and to top it off some coconut bark as one the best desserts I've ever tasted what do I have to say...Hang 10 Homiez!!!
The only downer...the rice...need original white sticky rice...stay away from seaweed rice sorry homiez but overall good friendly service and good food.
I love this place! I first had Braddah's Island Style at this year's Bite of Las Vegas, trying the huli huli chicken taco and coconut bark. I was hooked and swore to myself that I'd have to come to the actual business.

Until last night, I kind of put it on the back burner, but finally, I grabbed a few friends and was surprised to find this place was not busy and bustling on a Saturday night. First of all, it is very clean, and there is plenty of dining space. We were greeted so warmly and offered samples upon arriving.

I have to say, I was very satisfied with my dining experience. Like many describe it, Braddah's Island Style is basically a Chipotle but with a Hawaiian twist! I have a weak spot for quick, customizable food served this way... Anyway, I love their creativity and I find that many combinations go well together! Their salsas are amazing, the meat--juicy and full of flavor, the vegetables--fresh. You just can't go wrong with your order! After gobbling up all of our food, we were greeted once again; the enthusiastic customer service was the cherry on top of a great meal!

I think this place has plenty of potential. More people just need to know about it!
Tasty!

It's the Hawaiian version of Chipotle.
Fresh and you can pick your own toppings for your bowl, tacos, burrito or salad.

What you Really Really Really need to try is their coconut bark.  It is freakin' Awesome!

Service is really good and super friendly.  

I'd choose this over Chipotle if this was on my side of town.
Overall I really liked this place. It is like Chipotle but with Hawaiian meats and sauces. I had the three taco plate with flour tortillas, two tacos were with kalua pig and one with huli huli chicken. The kalua pig was tender and not fattier than what you would expect and the chicken was juicy too. You pick what you want on it (seaweed rice, brown rice, lettue, salsa etc) and they don't charge extra (like Chipotle) for cheese or sour cream. 

I should qualify the Chipotle statement it is the same in that you pick meat, what you want and what you want on it but I am not a fan of Chipotle so this place is much better. 

On my tacos I had both the pineapple salsa and the mango salsa. Also, they had four different house made sauces to try, I didn't try the coconut one (that was the hottest) but my hubby said that it was pretty hot and he loves hot stuff. Also, we got the coconut bark. It was really sweet, good but not my favorite and I don't think I would get it again. Too much going on in the flavor profile and they didn't solidify their sugar while making it so I crunched down on granulated sugar. All in all a good experience.  

I should have taken a picture but I was way too hungry and my hunger weighed out my priorities of posting a pic on Yelp - but I will say that the pictures the other Yelpers have posted was consistent with my experience. 

If you haven't tried this place yet you should give it a go. Cost of this place is reasonable enough too (about $7.00 for the three tacos) that it is definitely worth a try.
Wow! Came here based on the Yelp reviews and this place did not disappoint! It is like the Hawaiian Chipotle. The girl at the front was friendly and offered to let us sample the meats before we ordered. The pork and chicken is tender and juicy. I ordered 4 tacos each with different meats. 1 pork, 1 steak, 1 chicken, 1 fish. They used the recommended salsas which were all great. My wife had a salad and it was loaded with meat and goodies. If you go...YOU HAVE TO TRY THE COCONUT BARK! It is the perfect combo of sweet and salty.
Love this place! FINALLY some good food. I've passed by this place a few times, but never tried it.  So out of curiosity I came to yelp and based on the great reviews I went in for lunch the next day. I was so impressed with the menu, food taste, price, concept and owner. Chris was so friendly and truly has the Aloha Spirit within him. They offered samples, explained everything and gave suggestions. The Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pig tastes authentic. That was a great plus. The concept of having those delicious meats (Hawaiian Style) in a burrito or salad bowl is brilliant and healthy. IF you like Mexican you'll love it. If you're from Hawaii you'll love it. IF you eat healthy you'll love it. They also have a drive thru and also make their own hot sauces. This is my new favorite spot and I will let all my family and friends from Hawaii know about this place. I'm hoping it will be a stop for them, like Trader Joe's. This place seriously rocks, It's different!
I have been here twice so far and surprisingly, the food is pretty good! For a picky eater such as myself, the highlight is choosing what ingredients you want to put in your tacos, burritos, or bowl. I hate getting the "Sorry, everything is pre-mixed" or "I just asked the chef, they can't do that."

It's very hard to find good Kalua Pork here in Vegas. Always either too dry or bland. Sometimes even watery, which is gross. I tried the Kalua Pork in the tacos and the bowl. Soooo delicious!! Tender, flavorful and juicy. This was honestly the best tasting I have had so far in this town! Impressive, knowing that the owner is not from Hawaii.

Portions are huge, so definitely come hungry! I could only finish 2 out of 3 tacos the first time. The second time, I could only eat half of the bowl, and I didn't eat breakfast earlier or dinner the night before. The restaurant is clean and the employees are very friendly. The guy who looks like the manager or owner is always talking to customers and asking how the food is tasting. Nice to know that he cares!

Next on my list to try is the steak or Huli Huli chicken. Hopefully they are just as good! Keep up the good work guys!
YES!

This place is dakine!  I finally got to try this today and all I had to say to the lady when I was leaving was "See you next Thursday!"  This place is so friendly, I want to call the people there Auntie and Uncle.  I like the local accents, I miss living in Hawaii.  The people here are SO FRIENDLY!

I got the Burrito with Flour Tortilla, Kalua Pig (Hooo!), Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Cabbage and Lettuce.  For Salsas, I got the Mango & Roasted Corn and Tomato W/ Grilled Maui Onion.

This place so uno broke da mout! Yah, really.  I also got some desert - the coconut bark.  Wow, it was really good.  The sauces they have at the table were good. My favorite was the mild and hot one.  The other two were too sweet for me.

This place is awesome, I am so happy I tried it. I even want to eat there again tonight, but this time bring my wife and kids.  The Kalua Pig was perfect, I loved it.  The seaweed rice is brown rice with some nori in it.  Very delicious.  Black beans and corn is my weakness... Winning combo.

This place has Hawaiian Sun canned drinks and a soft drink station that has Light Lemonade. 

I did get a chance to check out the bathroom too since the table sauces got me all sticky.  Place is nice and clean.  I love this place.  Great way to start off the year.  This goes instantly in the lunch rotation.

You guys need to open a place further west... like Tropicana and Fort Apache or Charleston and Town Center. You'ld make a killing and I'd never have to buy groceries every again.
This is the second time I went here. The first time the food was AMAZING. Huge burritos stuffed with ever topping. The people were so nice and friendly. This time. Well the people were not mean, they just were blah. They were not friendly or welcoming as I was used to. The burritos were made skimpy and they were bland. Barely any beans, barely any meat, barely any cheese and sour cream. The only thing it had ALOT of was rice and lettuce, which I get are fillers, but if that is all I can taste I am not willing to part with my $7. The bark was delicious as always. I live all the way on Fort Apache and I am sorry it is just not worth the drive.
Went for lunch today. Delicious, fresh food. Tacos were crispy. The burrito was very large and good. Tacos are regular size not the tiny ones you see everywhere.

You can choose what you want in your meal. Very friendly people who work there. Clean place also. Opening soon in Centennial area. Good! Will try the rice bowl next visit.
Eh...just ok.  It isn't authentic in my opinion, but i have to say the staff is very friendly and I always like being greeted with an "Aloha!".
Eh, I would have rather had Chipotle. I don't think any of the meats were anything special. The pig was too wet and the steak was too sweet. The chicken was just chicken (honestly didn't taste too different or have a different mouth feel from the chicken at El Pollo Loco). It was okay, but I don't think I'd make a special trip to it if I were visiting Vegas from somewhere else.
I feel uninspired to write this review. The people here are so nice but the food is mediocre. If I were feeling sad, I could come here and feel better because of the friendly staff. But if I want amazing food, I'd go elsewhere. 

I've tried the chicken tacos here. The ingredients tasted fresh. But like everyone has already mentioned, it's a Hawaiian Chipotle. They do have a saving grace: coconut bark. Coconut bark is good and I don't even like coconut anything. It's toffee with chocolate and coconut shavings.
Had a huli huli chicken burrito, very tasty but a little salty. The Kalua pig is great. Like a Hawaiian version of Chipotle, but a better value.
Love love love this place I met them at Bite of Las Vegas in 2013 and the good is so delicious and you have to get coconut bark!! So addicting!! The staff is great and it's over all amazing !
A bunch of reviews refer to this place as the "Hawaiian Chipotle"- while there are some similarities, I have to say, that's selling this place short!

Like Chipotle, you order by selecting your protein and choosing a bowl, burrito, tacos, or salad. You also have a lot of similar add-on options like black beans and grilled veggies, and later, an awesome guac.

Like Chipotle, the protein options here are tasty- but I can find a chicken burrito on nearly every corner. I can't find huli huli chicken or kaluah pig very easily at all- and here, both are phenomenally well done!

But what makes this place really stand out, in addition to the tasty island flavor, is the service- when I walk into a place and am greeted by the owner himself, it means something to me. Chatted with the guy for a bit and he is clearly dedicated to this business and it's success- this is not another place where the owner is MIA and leaves a manager in charge of running things. He's right there, interacting with everyone who walks through the door. Major props.

And the food doesn't disappoint! I was offered samples of the pork and chicken when I walked in- both were delicious, but I ultimately went with the kaluah pork salad bowl, lite on the seaweed rice, plus black beans and grilled veggies, both the corn salsa and the tomato/onion salsa, a sprinkle of cheese and cilantro, and a side of guac.
It was amazing. The meat is tender, plentiful and flavorful, the veggies are fresh and not overcooked, the corn salsa is mild and adds a good extra punch to the dish, and the tomato-onion salsa adds a tiny bit of heat. Don't be turned off by the "spicy" label, it's not bad at all. 

And the portion size is humongous. I can put away quite a bit of food, but only half of my salad. I used my fork to take additional scoops of guac every few bites, and it really added an extra dimension to the dish- the bright acidity and slight saltiness were great.

If you look closely, up by the soda dispensers, there are various bottled sauces and salsas to add that extra bit of island flavor to your dish- and they're not just a selection of various bottles. Oh no. They're Braddah's Island Style-brand bottles with what I can only assume is the company's own sauces- a pineapple jalapeno one added a splash of sweetness and spice to mine, but I steered clear of the mango habanero- sounded like a dangerous territory for my tastebuds!

All in all, I'm very pleased with this place. Props for the great location, too: several tourists and visitors leave the strip to get to Hash House, which is just on the other side of the corner. It stands to reason once this place builds up a reputation, that they'll be getting some of that traffic, too!

Gonna have to try the huli huli salad next time. Grab a Yelp deal for half-off trying this place- if your experience is anything like mine, you'll be back. 

A final note to the owner: you're doing it right, keep it up, this place is great!
Taco shells stayed crisp on the drive home and even to the last delicious bite.  They were delicious!  That is the highest praise I can think of.
Seriously ono!  It's like a Hawaiian Chipotle.  Bowls, tacos, burritos and salads pack a serious aloha punch to your tasty buds.  The meat/vegetarian choices include huli huli chicken, kalua pig, pulehu steak, grilled fish, or veggies.  My personal favorite is the grilled fish, which is packed full of flavor despite the nondescript name.  Now here is where it gets interesting, you get to choose one of their yummy salsas to top your creation.  Their current salsa list includes charred pineapple verde (mild), mango/roasted corn (med), or tomato/grilled maui onions (spicy).  My favorite is the tomato/onions salsa, however I wouldn't call it spicy by a long shot.  All of the other standard toppings are available, such as cheese, sour cream, lettuce, beans, etc.  They also offer jalapenos, which is a nice surprise!

My only complaint is their rice, it's quite dense and heavy.  I wish they offered a choice of something fluffier.

If you're not too full, you must grab some of the coconut bark dessert.  Screw it, even if you are full just grab some for later.  Be warned my friends, this stuff is more addictive than crack!

Braddah's often runs Groupon and/or yelp deals, so check both before you go to save a few bucks.
Braddah's is catering our upcoming wedding and they have been SO amazing to work with. They are working with me to create the perfect build your own taco bar and it has been a completely stress free and awesome experience. And SUCH good prices!!!! I've had the food and it's delicious, the huli huli chicken and the kahlua pork are tasty and succulent. And the coconut bark - OMG words cannot describe it's tastiness. Definitely try it. I love supporting this place because it's a true mom and pop joint... not a giant faceless chain.
Tip:  if you're driving at night along Rainbow blvd looking for this place, just look for the big ass Harley Davidson shop.

Got 3 bowls:  Kalua pig, steak, and huli huli chicken.

All the meats were nicely flavored and tender.  My favorite by far was the steak.  

Steak had nice crisp edges while remaining juicy throughout every bite.
Huli huli and kalua pig both had nice light smoky flavor.

Only bummer was the seaweed rice.  It was hard and kind of dried out.  

Grilled onion salsa and pineapple salsa were delicious.  I mixed that in together which distracted me from the hard rice. 

The bottled sauces on the counter were unnecessary.  I tried them anyway but didn't do much to add .  In fact, they probably take away from the flavor of the delicious meats.  Definitely able to create a well rounded meal if you add everything they offer.

Coconut bark - yummy.  Nice and chewy - sticks to your teeth so you can enjoy it a long time.  Don't forget to brush!
I like the idea of a Hawaiian twist to Mexican food! I had the 3 tacos with huli huli chicken, beef and fish. I liked all three of my choices. I chose the pineapple salsa and the tomato  with onion. My favorite was the pineapple. The only thing I didn't like was the choice of my taco shell. I think next time I would like to order soft tacos instead. The hard taco shell was really bland. 

We couldn't leave without trying the chocolate coconut bark! It was good but since I'm highly sensitive to salt I couldn't eat so much. It would be cool if they had some lightly salted selections.

I definitely would love to go back and try some of their bowls!
This is a taco/burrito joint.  And it was a disappointment.  The pork was dry. The chicken was dry and tasted only of ginger.  The rice (especially the seaweed rice) was dry and crunchy.  The service was slow and the owner seemed extremely bothered that we wanted something even resembling island-style plate lunch.  Admittedly, we used the yelp mobile app to find it, saw the reviews, and dropped in without researching the menu thoroughly.  But with a name like Braddah's, you'd think it would either have a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere or plate lunch (preferrably both).  It had neither.  The food was bad enough we didn't bother finishing it and the owner's attitude was bad enough we couldn't wait to get out of there.
The pork they use is fantastic. Tastes just like when I was in Hawaii.  Really enjoyed the burrito. I've only had one bad experience here. Went late at night,  the rice was old and hard and the guacamole was completely brown,  like it had been out for awhile.  Good greasy food otherwise. I definitely recommend this place.  Be sure to try the coconut bark. I'm hooked. The service is always friendly and appreciative of the patronage. Tacos had a lot of grease, but flavor was perfect.
I had a little amount of time before an event and I was extremely hungry, so I quickly referenced my trusty Yelp app for something that wasn't just fast food. That's when I found Braddah's and was even more pleased that they have a drive through window! 

The simplicity of the menu definitely made it easy to order quickly, which is a nice change from most drive-through eateries.

STEP 1: Burrito (flour or wheat tortilla), Rice Bowl, Salad, or Tacos (3)
STEP 2: Huli Huli Chicken ($6.95), Kalua Pig ($6.95), Pulehu Steak ($7.60), Grilled Fish ($7.50), or Grilled Veggies ($6.25)
STEP 3: Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Grilled Veggies (additional $1.25), and/or Guacamole made with Hawaiian pink salt (additional $1.65)
STEP 4: Charred Pineapple Verde (Mild), Mango & Roasted Corn (Medium), or Tomato with Grilled Maui Onions (Spicy); Salad Dressing - Papaya Buttermilk Ranch or Roasted Sesame Gingerette
STEP 5: Sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, cabbage, lime, cliantro, and/or bean sprouts.

Since I was traveling, I opted for a Kalua Pig Burrito with rice (I'm not sure why they call it "seaweed" rice, but it's plain ol' sticky white rice), beans, medium salsa, lettuce, cabbage, lime, and cilantro. It's a really good sized burrito and it was very good of them to cut it nicely in half without having to ask. I really enjoyed the flavor from the Kalua Pig and it was done nicely - tender, juicy. Everything else accompanying it was fresh and added crunchy textures with additional flavors.

I'm not a fan of Chipotle, Cafe Rio, or similar "Mexican" build-your-own tacos/burritos restaurants, however, I really appreciate the Hawaiian-style meats and fillings. I'm sure the rice bowls are good as well and I'll need to try their other meats. I've heard a lot of raving about the coconut bark, so I will try that next time!
Delicious food, great service, way cool atmosphere.  Feels like Maui...in Vegas, baby!
After sampling the grilled fish, Huli Huli chicken, Pulehu steak, and Kalua pig I chose the Kalua pig Bowl with seaweed rice, award-winning guacamole, and the charred pineapple salsa verde.  I also tried all four of the toe curling sauces.  They are all good, but my favorite one is the coconut colada sauce.  I bought a bottle of each plus a box of the coconut bark to take home.  Everything is tasty - can't wait to go back!
Despite the other raves about this place I find it just all right. It's good but not something I'd go out of the way for. I guess I end up comparing it to Chipotle, and in comparison I like Chipotle better because the flavors are bolder and the portions are bigger there. I want to try the grilled veggies but I don't really want to pay more for them because it's already pricey to me. 

I will need to at least go back and try the dessert.
We stumbled upon this place while looking for a lunch spot after hiking one afternoon. Upon entering we were welcomed by a very friendly staff who asked if we had ever been there before and when we said we had not, they offered us a sampling of some of their meat options - kalua pig and huli huli chicken. After reviewing the menu, you will immediately be able to tell that this place reminds you of other burrito, bowl, and taco places where you can build your own meal, but this definitely comes with the aloha flavor. 

Step 1 - Choose your setting - burrito, 3 tacos, bowl, or salad
Step 2 - Choose your meat - huli huli chicken, kalua pig, pulehu steak, grilled fish or grilled veggies
Step 3 - Add rice, black beans, grilled veggies (extra charge), guacamole (extra charge)
Step 4 - Choose your salsa - charred pineapple verde (mild), mango & roasted corn (medium), tomato with grilled maui onions (spicy)
Step 5 - Add more toppings (included) - sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapenos, cabbage, lime, cilantro, bean sprouts

Overall, I was very satisfied with what I got. The meats are flavorful and the portions are good for what you are paying for. They also have a number of other island flavor sauces that you can add as well - their version of hot sauces. Looking forward to the next time I can go back to try some of their other options and I've heard their dessert is very good too.
Just wanted to swing by and say: YEP. The steak and fish are as good as the other meats! Need to keep some of those brand-name hot sauces on the table though (they've been replaced by "house" only bottles, which are very mild).
It was my first time here. Not bad at all.. They let you try samples of the food too. It reminds me of a chipotle but with a little Hawaiian.
The famous Hawaiian Chipotle. I finally was able to give it a try. First and last. I'd rather go to Chipotle.

I was sampling meats before I ordered anything. At first, it seems fine. It's tender and has some flavor that's interesting for a moment. I order a bowl with who-cares-what and have a seat. I immediately realized the meat's hint of flavor had worn off. It was just meat, in a bowl, with some brown rice (kudos on this by the way). The novelty Hawaiian factor was gone.

But wait! There are bottles of all these hot sauces made in house! Maybe that's the key. They certainly sound interesting with their tropical flavors like "coconut something" and "guava something." What they should all say is "wound-searing spiciness is here." I appreciate the try at making some unique options but the potency of the "hot" part was too much.

Again, I'd just go to Chipotle. You know what you're getting yourself into there and there's more attention to detail regarding the quality and sources of their ingredients. The whole Hawaiian flavor factor just isn't strong enough. There's no differentiation from the mundane while you're paying for the exceptional.
Pork is really good.  Highly recommend!  The girl who took my order was really kind and helped me with my order.  I ordered pork salad, chips and guacamole, and coconut bat.  Problem was they forgot my dressing as well as my guacamole.  I called them 2 just let them know.  The gentleman who answered the phone said the dressing is in the salad?!?  How is that possible?  They never asked me which one of the dressing flavors I wanted.  They also forgot 2 give me my guacamole.  The gentlemen said it happens at chipotle and quadoba.  But I don't care about them!  I care about this restaurant that owes me guacamole!!!  He said well we offer good food at good prices.  My guacamole and chips were $4 and some change!  They didn't offer 2 give me another order of guacamole.  They basically said oh well and maybe we'll see u again ??!?  Well if that's your attitude, I probably won't see u again nor recommend u to any of my friends, family or coworkers at the casino..  Too bad cause u guys have a unique taste.
Dang delicious food. A must try!
Exceptionally good Hawaiian fusion food. The sauces are amazing and the coconut bark desert is addicting. I hope the expansion plans go well and would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
The service was great.. The food it's good different flavor set up kind of like Chipotle but I do prefere Chipotle.. I will come back and give it a second chance..
This place is basically a Hawaiian Chipotle with a drive thru. That being said. It's really good. First the service. The girl at the counter was fantastic and so helpful. When she found our it was my first time, she immediately offered me a sample of pork and chicken (I also tried the fish). I ended up getting a fish burrito. It's delicious. They give you the option of white or wheat tortilla (why hasn't chipotle figured that out?) which is great. I ended up getting as spicy a burrito as I could. My only issue is that the only hot sauces available are mild and medium. I of course wanted something hotter, but all in all it was a good experience. I wish I'd seen the Yelp deal, but there's usually a Groupon so no worries.
Okay, I feel like I just never feel Hawaiian fast food, it just doesn't taste super great to me! But alone, with nothing else, the steak&pork was really good!! 

But I did get a bowl full of extra items to go with! I had a groupon, but it still kind of cost a lot because I was with my family! It was a bit too expensive for what it was. 

I'm not really sure about my entire bowl, but the sauces that I paired them with made the whole bowl way way better. I included a pic of the 2 sauces I liked the most with my bowl; it really tones the flavor down and makes it combine nicely :) 

In case you didn't see the pic, here are the two sauces:
Coconut Colada Pearl 
Pineapple, Lime & jalapeño  

They have a really great, friendly staff!!! They make you want to move to Hawaii, they're so nice! They are a friendly, super clean business ! 

The one thing that I absolutely loved was the COCONUT BARK. hell, I hate coconut..but their little chocolate brittle was hella tasty! Yum Yum Chocolate lovers! $3.50 for a small, but still, not bad at all :)
This is fast food.... That being said, it is very best fast food I have ever had. The staff was very friendly and the food was outstanding. Meat was slow cooked and tender. All food was very fresh. Sauces were original and flavorful. I signed up for yelp just to review this restaurant. It is excellent and worth a try. Meals were very inexpensive. About $6.95 filled me up and was the quality if a $16 meal.
Can I be totally and completely honest with you guys? Okay, well here is my confession... I think I am in total LOVE with Braddah's. Why you ask? Well good question I say.

I LOVE Braddah's because all their food is made fresh daily (and I do mean everything). You can customize your burrito, taco, and salad bowl the way you like it. Everyone is just so darn friendly that works there you want to stick around long after you consumed your meal. 

Minh and I arrived here on a late Thursday afternoon for some lunch. We were looking to stick to the healthy side of things. 

Walking in we were greeted immediately by not only the girl behind the counter but also by the owner Chris. We were asked if we have been to Braddah's before we both said no. The lovely cashier then explained to us their menu and gave us a sample of two of their popular meats (Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig) wow the flavors were mouth watering making me want more! But how can I choose! So instead of ordering their "popular" meats I decided on trying their Pulehu Steak (which I think should be on their sample list too). Chris was so kind that he stopped what he was doing and came over to make my bowl (which I did not expect) 

I ordered a salad bowl: Pulehu Steak, Black Beans, Romaine Lettuce, Cheese, Lime, and Guacamole. There are also three kinds of homemade salsa to choice from since I did not know which one to choose Chris gave me a little of each in my bowl to try. (I loved all three of them)

We also ordered their Award Winning box of coconut bark to take home with us.

The dining room was super clean and every table was well stock with napkins. On each table, they have flowers, which is a nice touch and made my photo taking even better. 

I can't tell you enough times how amazing and flavorful my bowl was, I also can't tell you how happy Minh was with his food either! This is one of the best gem's Vegas has and I am a little jealous that we do not have a location out here in OC.
I was full, but not that overly full feeling that you usually have after eating umm let's say cough chipotle cough. I even had enough room to break open that box of sweet coconut bark.

Oh tasty sticky gooey slice of heaven where have you been all my life? Minh and I both had a slice and then decided to save the rest for later that night! 

Mahalo Chris and Braddah's for making us feel like your ohana! We look forward to spreading the word of your wonderful restaurant to others and cannot wait to come back soon!
This place is pretty darn good, it's a fusion of Mexican style Hawaiian food. It reminds me a lot like Zabas with a Hawaiian twist. The portions are perfect for the price and the Coconut bark is delish!! It seems like the best bang for your buck is in either the bowl or the burrito. The tacos seems like you get less of everything but pay the same price. I love the chicken and steak with grilled veggies. If I could make a recommendation it would be to add a Mexican style hot sauce or salsa.
I love Braddah's! The food is delicious & the people that work here are super friendly.
As mentioned previously, a family owned and operated food joint is always exciting to try! 

Scored an awesome Groupon and went on our marry way with a couple coworkers. We were roughly greeted by whom we later came to find out was the owner. He appeared to be friendly, in his nice minions t-shirt but when my coworker asked for the "pork bowl" instead of the "pig bowl" he snapped at her and in a very sassy tone said; "read the menu! What does it say?!?!" Oh, ops! "Sorry." "Pig Bowl."....yikes. 

Then, I asked for the "Huli Huli" and got ripped a new one for not specifying if I wanted tacos, burrito or bowl! :-/ at this point I'm scared to ask anything and afraid to present my Groupon. 

After surviving the ordering part, we proceeded to find a table. Clean establishment, I must add. Later; Mr. Minion t-shirt man came around asking how our food was and appeared to have a complete different attitude. (Yay to him!) Huli Huli Tacos were awesome and tasteful. Chicken was tender and flavorful! 

What was strange was his center pieces brochure thing where he offers "Free Guacamole & Chips" if you take a picture of your toes and post them on Facebook...Mr. Minion T-Shirt man confessed he has a toe fetish...Ummm...ok. Weird. 

But food was good! Yes- I would probably go back.
Food was perfect and Carmella was so nice and let us taste a few items before we ordered. My new lunch spot!
Awesome customer service and wonderful food. My two favorites are the huli huli chicken and the pulehu steak! Will definitely be going back.
Hawaiian food that's served Chipotle style! Cowabunga Dude! Hawaiian cuisine is my comfort food for the lazy days lounging around in my pajamas watching Magnum P.I. on my VCR. Sarah told me this place opened up recently and I was anxious to try some Westside Vegas Hawaiian grub.

Outside the building looks like an old Wienerschnitzel but inside it's clean and full of island flavor. Service was laid back and nice just like the islands. They let us sample some meats and the Kalua Pork won over my taste buds. The owner Chris was a friendly guy!

Kalua Pork Bowl - The seaweed rice is a genius idea. I'm glad it's brown rice too! The pork is better than many Hawaiian restaurants I've been to which cost twice as much. The sauces they offer were great. It's an awesome filling bowl packed with great contrasting flavors.

Don't forget some coconut bark. Sure it's cold and firm when it's first taken out of the fridge but once it warms up, it's a Maui honeymoon in your mouth. Chewy gooey goodness.

I like the little touches such as the stickers on the food containers and other odds and ends around the decoration of the place. Sure it's fast food, but it's gourmet island fast food and I'm all over it.
My coworker and I go here at least once a week for lunch. Everyone who works here is friendly, especially the owner. If you tell them it is your first time they give you samples of everything. The pig is the best! The flavors are delicious and one of a kind. Salsas could be a little more spicy, the hot isn't all that hot. But they have bottled sauces that heat it up a little more. Everyone needs to try Braddahs.
Hey everyone this place it's amazing it's like a Hawaiian chipotle!!! Me and my girlfriend ate here late at night with a big group and the service was so nice and inviting for this type of restaurant. We had a bowl with huli huli chicken and the coconut bark witch was amazing. Great place, good service good food!
I'm obsessed with Braddah's. I've eaten there three times in the past week and it is amazing!

The first time I had Braddah's, my boyfriend schlepped from his office clear to my place (about a 1/2 hour drive) with Braddah's takeout. Even a half hour later, the food was amazing. I was hooked. He brought me a Huli Huli chicken bowl with the mango-corn salsa, seaweed rice and black beans - the perfect post work-out meal. 

The next time I had it, I went to the actual store on Rainbow & Sahara - excellent, quick service, a clean restaurant and very friendly employees. Try their hot sauces - the guava one is to die for, and everything is homemade, bottled and labelled by the owner. They even have a drive-thru which, while I haven't been through it yet, is just a fantastic idea. Healthy food on the go that's not freakin Subway? Love it. 

Awesome local joint for a quick, healthy and delicious meal - I can't wait to see them open up in Green Valley/Henderson so I can get my Braddah's fix more frequently! My only suggestion to them? Start a stamp card program like Cafe Rio has - I feel like my boyfriend and I would have filled a few cards by now!!

Quick edit to say - eat half a bowl and save the rest for lunch the next day. This stuff reheats deliciously.
I discovered Braddah's a while ago because it was on the route from picking my kids up from school. Because they had a convenient drive through, we decided to try it. It was great! I LOVED the chicken burrito and my kids,  with their simple and picky palates were equally as happy that they were able to get a basic black bean burrito. However, the Coconut bark was what REALLY dazzled them!
After a couple a trips through their drive through, I decided to use Braddahs to cater my Super Bowl party. I expected great food to be dropped off along with some plastic utensils and napkins. HOWEVER, what I got was so much more than I could have expected!! The chef was present, along with his assitant and a coordinator. They not only brought a full, beautiful spread, but they cooked some items fresh up on my stove, they set my buffet table up beautifully with their own decorations and made what I anticipated to be a great buffet into a truly 5 star catered affair.  And they even cleaned up!! My guests raved for days about the food. The best part was, the price point was incredibly reasoable and I got much more bang for my buck than I could have hoped for. I will definitely be using Braddahs for my future events- I will also be hitting the drive through frequently on my way home from school!! Thank you, Braddahs!!!
Great food and staff were so friendly! Coconut bark....to die for! Had the steak on salad, very tasty! Kalua pig tasted authentic!!
All the meats are great and the owner apologized for not having anymore steak he then said, "if its not seasoned right, I won't serve it" .love this place and I'm from l.a., cali. And nothing was as good as this place wish there was one in los Angeles but I'm buying a burrito to go!
My husband had the Kalua pork bowl and I had Kalua pork tacos. Both entrees were delicious and the pineapple, lime, cilantro sauce on the side went with it very well. The coconut bark is AWESOME. Our cashier Nicole K. was very friendly and helpful. She asked if it was our first time there and gave us meat samples as soon as we got in line. She explained what was in all the salsas as well-- very friendly and helpful! We will definitely be coming back.
Yummee!  Fresh, fun and friendly..  Nice place for a quick bite while out and about.
Visiting from out of town and wanted to try something that I can't find on the East Coast. This fast casual restaurant was just what I was looking for. 

Service was very friendly and we were offered samples of the various meats when they learned it was our first time there. It was hard to choose between the pork and beef but I eventually chose a bowl with the Kalua pork and seaweed rice. It was filling and delicious.
Braddah's is basically the Hawaiian version of Chipotle!

I got the huli huli chicken bowl with guac, nori rice, and corn. Everything blended well together and it tasted great! The portion is big for $8. My dad is from Hawaii so I'm glad I found a place that has huli huli hi ken and kalua pig that tastes like dad's cooking! 

I recommend this place to everyone! Mahalo.
There's this little thing called Love. And I really do love this place. I love the food, I love the atmosphere, I love the mahalo that they spread in return.

It is not your typical Aloha grinds place but take Hawaiian eats like kalua pig, huli huli chicken, pulehu steak, grilled fish and mix it up with a serving style of something to similar to Chipotle and you have Braddah's.

My go to eats are typically a bowl with a bed of seaweed brown rice, a mix of half huli huli chicken and kalua pig, black beans, cabbage, lime, jalapenos, bean sprouts, cilantro, and a mix of mango and roasted corn salsa and tomato with maui onions salsa. I also like to add on a serving of grilled veggies which costs you an extra $1.25. 

You could also choose to add a pineapple verde salsa, lettuce, sour cream, cheese, guacamole ($1.65 extra) and salad dressing options from either papaya buttermilk ranch or roasted sesame gingerette. I am a fan of both salad dressings too.

And the kiddos are not left out here either. They have a kids menu as well that comes with a drink and chips, we also go with a nice cheesy quesadilla. 

You can opt for other options instead of a bowl, you can go with 3 tacos, salad, bowl or burrito. You can double your meat for around $2 I believe. The burritos are huge here FYI. You definitely get your money's worth.

The food is solid. I might have to add a little salt and pepper to my bowl but I leave with a full and more importantly a very happy belly. 

Las but definitely least, the best part of my eats are the dessert. They have this amazing salty and sweet coconut bark and it is just love. pure love. They had a holiday bark around Christmas time which in my opinion was better than the regular coconut bark and I anticipate the return of it again. Either way the bark will break da mouth. It is that good.

I think I am going to have to go again today after writing this review. I need some Braddah's.
I love Hawaiian food and this place did not disappoint. Everything is really customizable and their meat tastes great. I love their Kalua pork which seems to be the fan favorite. Their huli huli chicken is great too. As for the steak, it wasn't to my liking but it didn't taste bad. I didn't get to try the mahi mahi, which I probably should have.

I had a Kalua pork burrito with seaweed rice, sour cream, cheese, etc. it was a really good size and filling for a good price.

Next time I go it defiantly need to try the coconut bark. I've heard nothing but good comments on it.
I didn't know what to expect when my friend insisted we were going to a Hawaiian chipotle, I was dreading lots of mayo, poi, and spam, but I was more than surprised. 

We were greeted by the super friendly manager (owner?), he explained the selection, and offered suggestions. I really appreciated his positive energy, and could see he was passionate about the menu. 

I went in here with a very small appetite, but once we were given samples of the meat choices, I knew I had to have a full dinner. The steak defiantly stands out; amazing flavor, and soft. Nothing like the dry thin steak you see at other burrito type places. The salsa choices are creatively delicious. Pair the pineapple verde with the steak, you won't regret it. 

We were taking our food to go, but I noticed they had house sauces in small hot sauce bottles. I'm so excited to try those once I'm able to come back.


Oh! And if you remotely enjoy chocolate, coconut, and what I think was caramel, you have to try the coconut bark! It's beautiful.
Unbelievably friendly staff (thanks Christopher!) and good, fresh food. Salsa medley a must have. 

I did 1/2 chix 1/2 pork burrito with ALL the fixings. So big it took 2 tortillas to wrap. Very fresh flavors. Next time I'll do chicken tacos. 

I'd recommend this spot. Definitely. Great location, CLEAN dining room, personal service and tasty grub. 

Thanks!
almost like chipotle, but better. same format but you get legit hawaiian meats like huli hulu chicken, and fried fish. their sesame vinaigrette is so good! and the chocolate coconut bars were tasty too. highly recommend this place. 

if you're looking for super authentic hawaiian food, this place is NOT IT. but it is a good mix of chipotle with an island swag. 

obviously, services is friendly as well. they're from hawaii! mahalo, braddah!
As it's been said a thousand times over, this place is along the lines of a "Hawaiian Chipotle" with an assembly line of meats, toppings and sauces that go within a burrito or salad bowl using Hawaiian inspired ingredients, and depending on where you would rank Chipotle in the spectrum of similar restaurants in its class (a solid 3 star pushing towards 3.5 for me), this place also falls within a similar status.  

High points include the friendly staff since we were offered samples of the proteins prior to ordering and the meats themselves are pretty solid in texture and seasoning.  I noticed a one star review where the owner and customer got into a disagreement on whether or not an adult ordering a kids meal was able to receive chips/drink as stated on the menu, and not sure if that was handled properly since if it is not explicitly stated that the kids meal does not include drink/chips if ordered for an adult or that it is reserved for customers less than a certain age, not worth arguing over what is implied or inferred (owner may have won the battle, but lost the war since a potentially loyal customer and future referrals were lost over something trivial, and I doubt this scenario would come up very often since the prices on the regular menu are fairly budget friendly and there is a nice yelp deal available as well).

I was initially leaning towards rounding this to 4 stars due to the fact that I like the concept and I'm always in support of local businesses, but with the ratings already a bit inflated and if I were to rate it honestly in terms of flavor, it's not quite there yet.  Everything on the menu seems to read better than they taste including the salsas and the little bottled sauces which were seemingly watered down and my palate was struggling to find them with each bite, even after applying them directly onto an individual bite.  Hawaiian food is all about bright and bold flavors with contrasting textures and colors, and I felt like it was Chipotle with a mere Hawaiian twist whereas I'd rather be commenting that this was like Hawaiian food served in the style and accessibility of Chipotle.  Perhaps since they are a budding new business, ingredients need to be kept within a certain budget, but I hope to see them expand to have more interesting options such as poke, opakapaka, korean short -ribs, or spam as additional protein options in the form of nachos or their burritos/bowls, and something with a wasabi or taro element since those are all popular flavors from the island.  I didn't get a chance to try the well-reviewed coconut bark, but I don't think it would be too difficult to imagine coconut, chocolate, and buttery toffee to be a winning combination.  

If the owner is keeping up reading these reviews, you should feel proud that so many locals are supporting your product with 4-5 star reviews and building a local following, but I hope you're continuing to strive to improve and showcase your passion and homage to Hawaiian food and I hope to return at some point to dole out a few more stars.  For now, the bark is bigger than its' bite(s).
This place was awesome! Everyone was so friendly! I must of looked confused because I was asked if it was my first time! I got the steak tacos and told the guy to make it how he would eat it, it was soo good!!! The hot sauces they had were amazing such great flavors! You also have to try the coconut bark! It's so good! I'm hooked
In a city full of crappy fast food chains, its refreshing to walk into a friendly place with a unique offering that tastes good and won't leave you feeling like a McFatass afterwards. The meats are delicious and if you haven't been there before, they'll probably offer you a taste of a few so you'll know what to get. The portions are good and they are super friendly. You can tell they try hard to show that they appreciate your business which is why many people there were regulars. 

My wife is a total food snob and would never imagine going to any fast food place besides In-n-out (gets 'em every time, doesn't it?) When we walked in, her first question was, "is this fast food?" I mumbled something about giving it a chance. Well, we did and we both liked what we got and will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
Mmmm, everything about this place was amazing!  The food, the atmosphere, and the service!  I love the idea of mixing the Hawaii locals favorites with that Mexican twist.  So far, I've tried the kalua pig (pulled pork) and the huli huli chicken bowls (gotta have the bowls!).  Both have great quality to them- the kalua pig has that perfect texture, it's not too wet but still very juicy and flavorful.  The huli huli was my favorite.  The chicken doesn't have that thick layer of fat lots of places like to keep on there, was all juicy meat.  All the veggies used were fresh, which can make or break dishes like these.  Now their coconut bark, mmm... It's sort of a soft brittle with chocolate and coconut.  Try it!!
The staff really have that aloha spirit for ALL of their customers, not just the ones from the islands.  They also let you sample their meats in case you've never had them before!  I totally recommend this place!
Delicious food, great service. You can't go wrong no matter what you order. The steak bowl is great as is the fish. The sauces are all quite good I like the raspberry jalapeno and the spicy salsa the best. I dream about the seaweed rice mixed with everything. The kids meals are cheap and tons of food and the coconut bark is a great dessert think almond roca but instead of the almonds light coconut.
Not bad.  Seemed a lot more like Chipotle than Hawaiian anything, but food was pretty decent.
After a failed attempt at getting $1 Italian subs from a near business doing a grand opening special I finally decided to give Braddah's another shot. Have you every had Chipotle's, Café Rio, and Qdoba? It's basically like those places but using Hawaiian inspired ingredients. Honestly I can see this place doing real good, I mean Chipotle and likes are pretty popular and Braddah's isn't that bad. It actually got busy after I got there.

You first choose what you want a burrito (flour or whole wheat tortilla), a bowl, a salad, or 3 tacos (soft flour or crispy corn). Then you choose your meats. They'll let you sample the meats, they were very delicious. They have huli huli chicken, kalua pig, pulehu steak, grilled fish, and grilled veggies. Then you add various non-meat items.

There was a Groupon which I remembered after I got there and quickly bought. I decided on two burritos. Burrito #1: Whole wheat tortilla stuffed with pulehu steak, seaweed rice, black beans, charred pineapple verde, mango and roasted corn, lettuce, jalapenos, lime, and cilantro. It was GOOD. Burrito #2: Flour tortilla stuffed with huli huli chicken, grilled veggies, black bean, tomato with grilled maui onions, charred pineapple verde, sour cream, lettuce, lime, and cilantro. It was also GOOD. Both of the burritos could've used more heat but that's just me. I don't think I've ate anything like it back home but I really liked it.

They are decorated in island themed things, with I believe a drive thru and seating inside and outside. The service is very friendly. Plus I saw that they're planning on opening more locations around the Valley.

Weird, my big fingers gave them a 3 star rating. My bad.
Today was my 1st time here & I loved it all. First, the gave me samples of their most popular meet; both the Huli Huli chicken & pulled pork was delicious. The best part is it's so much more healthier than L & L BBQ
Chipotle's Cool Hawaiian Cousin

Following a proven formula, Braddah's expands upon the Chipotle model with distinctive flavors, canned guava juices and wheat tortillas. I enjoyed the chicken and fish tacos, but there are plenty of other options as well. You can do a bowl, burrito or three tacos and apparently the dessert option of coconut bark is not to be missed.

Friendly staff set a positive tone up front, but I have to admit that the fact that you just leave your tray and plates at your table seemed out of place, but was a nice enough touch. If I lived in Vegas, this would be a stand-by for a quick lunch or easy dinner!
Hawaiian version of Chipotle? Sure.... But it's not as good. Maybe it has something to do with me going at night? I didn't even end up finishing my bowl and I NEVER do that. Usually if I don't enjoy something, I'll still trudge my way through eating it because quite frankly it's not that bad... Usually. 

I ordered the chicken bowl with all the fixings. The chicken was dry, the rice tasted like its been sitting there all day, and everything just had a strange taste to it. Like I said, maybe I went at a bad time... But unfortunately I'm not tempted to go back and try again. 

The coconut bar was pretty good though.
I have not Yelped in a while because quite frankly it has been a long time since I have been impressed enough to care... I AM IMPRESSED! And that is saying something because I am from Hawaii and my father has been a chef on the Big Island for 40 years. In short, I love this place. The only downside is that they do not have "Mac-Salad..." Kind of strange for a Hawaiian joint... However, the meats were excellent and I will bring my dads Mac-salad the next time I visit :)
This place is still great!

I get the Burrito with Flour Tortilla, Kalua Pork, Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Cabbage and Lettuce.  For Salsas, I got the Mango & Roasted Corn and Tomato W/ Grilled Maui Onion.

Coconut Bark - Awesome!

I went here with my wife about two weeks ago for some dinner. We came around 8:00pm.  I have to admit, this time I was screaming and dying inside.  I didn't get as big as a portion as I normally do with my Kalua Pork.  The food was still good, however I was a little disappointment.   

Consistency is key here.   I will give this place another try again, this has to be a fluke!
Yea!  I finally tried Braddah's Island Style.  And I so wish I could like it as much as four stars but I'm not sure that I do.  I'm really on the fence with this one.  Lets start with the positives.  Upon entering I was offered a nice Hawaiian style welcoming into the restaurant.  Mahalo to them for that.  I was asked if it was my first visit and I said yes.  With that I was offered a sample of the kalua pig and huli huli chicken.  Both were very good though I don't always care for pork.  This was on the oily side but still had a great initial flavor.  It is the porky after taste I don't care for.  The chicken on the other hand was a stand out with a sort of sweet and salty taste with a hint of grill char.  So I selected the huli huli chicken to fill my burrito.  When I ordered a burrito I was disappointed to see a generic Mission brand flour tortilla pulled out of the bag.  I mean seriously $7 for a burrito in an 8 inch tortilla?  It turns out they ran out of their usual jumbo tortillas.  So alright, I'll let this one slide.  Next came a very carefully measured spoon of seaweed rice (awesome flavor BTW) and an equally measured spoon of chicken.  It was a new guy making my order and he was being very cautious to the point of me feeling like I was getting ripped off.  But with the addition of the black beans, two kinds of salsa (roasted pine apple and corn varieties) and some shredded cheese I realized just how much was packed into this little tortilla.  There was so much in fact that it could not be fully rolled.  One of the burrito veterans came over for the assist and rolled an extra tortilla around the first and got a nice tightly tucked buritto.  When I reached the register I ordered a can of Hawaiian green tea and was asked if I wanted coconut bark.  I declined the bark as I don't even know what it is.  Not that it matters.  I am not a coconut fan any how.  So I paid and found a table in the corner and took my first bite of an Island Style burrito and honeslty I was not blown away.  Beneath the rice, beans and salsa the flavor of the chicken was lost.  I'm not saying it was a bad burrito but all together it lacked something.  The salsa could have been hotter.  I realize that I got the mild and medium salsas but there just wasn't much to them.  Mostly what I could taste in the burrito was the seaweed rice.  I do love the taste of seaweed so that was nice but overall it was nothing special.  My other issue is the limited menu.  They specialize in burritos, tacos, salads and bowls.  They also seem to have chips and guacamole.  What I really wish they had is musubi but I guess that doesn't quite fit their business model.  I think I will give them another try some time.  Perhaps I'll try another protien other than chicken.  It is my understanding they have steak and fish too though neither were offered as a sample.  I would like to give the steak a try though.  Perhaps I will appreciate the steak more than the chicken and bump up Braddah's to the four stars I know I want to give them.
The Huli Huli Chicken Salad was tasty light and fresh. Much better than the comparison to Chipotle. Service was friendly and quick. Cute Hawaiian themed atmosphere. We could use a place like this in California!
If you like island style grub, it doesn't get much better. My friend told me about this place several months ago and now I'm kicking myself for waiting so long to try it out. So far I have tried the chicken, pork and steak... I must admit, I LOVE them ALL! My boyfriend favors the steak with the corn salsa! I also love the chips and guac, but let's not forget the COCONUT BARK... OMG! I also like how friendly everyone there is... I will definitley be a regualr!
Im not sure it worked out right......I didnt really look at the price but i told the woman I saw the place on Yelp and she was very appreciative.  I told her I had a Yelp $10 coupon and she marked it "used".  I ordered two bowls and two drinks.  She said the total was $21.??   I was talking and helping with drinks etc and it didnt occur to me til later.   That would make two bowls and two drink more than $31.....could that be right?  

It was good though.
Everything here is delicious!! And they have the friendliest staff around, makes you feel like you're in the islands, for sure! Totally worth driving across town for!!
In the mood for Hawaiian BBQ today and the ratings on Yelp said we should give this a try. Good call. 

Not your average Hawaiian plate lunch spot.  More like a Zaba's/Chipotle with a Hawaiian inspired tastes. 

When we arrived and looked over the menu we were asked if it was our first visit and would we like to sample the meats.  Of course we did.  A delicious seasoned chicken, Kalua pig and a teriyaki style beef. All were delicious and between the four of us we ordered each of the three. 

We ended up with two burritos and two bowls. The portions were very generous. The ingredients were fresh and cooked perfectly.  

The bowls were served in real bowls with real silverware.  They do the busing of the table when you are through. I think that adds to the immaculate appearance.  

The staff were so friendly and seemed to sincerely want you to enjoy your meal.  The prices were very fair.  It came to $10 per person with drinks. Quite reasonable for such high quality ingredients and preparation.  

We also sat outside on a nice patio area with umbrellas and palm trees. Nice atmosphere and not too close to traffic on Rainbow. 

Excellent choice today.  We will be back and this looks to become part of our weekend lunch rotation.
Hawaiian Sytle Chipotle.  The coconut bark is a must try. They have special sauces for the tacos.  The spicy coconut sauce is out of this world!
Food was greeaat!  I had the steak while hubby had the pork,  food was flavorful and fresh.  I really loved the coconut bark too.  The guys there had a great attitude with amazing services.  will be back AGAIN
I have read and heard a lot about Braddah's and I've been dying to try it. Boy am I glad I decided to go here with some of my friends!

From the time I walked in, I was greeted in a friendly manner by the staff and promptly asked if I had been there before. I haven't previously, and I was given a sample along with my friends to try their various meats. Honestly, when I tried all of the various meats, they were all so delicious... I had the hardest time deciding between the steak, chicken, and pork and I just decided on getting the chicken and steak, but the pork will have its turn in the future!

The ordering style is identical to Chipotle. If you haven't been to a Chipotle, what you essentially do is tell the first person what kind of dish you want along with your meat. You'll go along the line and say what items you want and don't want on your dish. At the end of the line, you and the people making your dish have made your masterpiece! Just a reminder, just like Chipotle, if you get a burrito bowl, you can get tortillas on the side, which is a definite plus in my book. It seems like you can't pile it up as high as Chipotle, but the food is still nonetheless delicious. Take a visit if you're craving delicious food!
Absolutely one of my favorite lunch spots and the super friendly staff makes the experience even better. 

My favorite thing to get is a steak burrito with seaweed rice, lettuce, cheese, chile verde salsa, fresh bean sprouts, sour cream, guacamole, and then lime juice drizzled all over it. This burrito is so ginormous that it stands on its own. 

I never feel guilty when I eat here because nothing is fried. Okay, I do feel a little guilty when I have their amazing Coconut Bark, but its just so good!
Been dying to check this place out and finally got a chance yesterday and was definitely impressed.  The service is great and I love how they'll give you a sample of the pork or chicken before ordering because I really didn't know what I wanted (I went with the pork and was not disappointed. My buddy got the chicken and was happy with his as well. 

Other positives -- quality ingredients including fresh jalapeños.  Really makes a difference you can tell. Great portions and very fairly priced I would say. I like the Hawaiian themed touches around the restaurant. 

Only minus really -- they're going to need some window treatments of some kind very soon because despite it only being March and the temperature around 70-ish it was blazing hot at sundown with the sun setting in the west.  I suspect they might be aware of this and working on it. 

In any event, I'll definitely be back soon.
Great food and a willingness to make a wrong right.  BRAVO~
Its always a plus when the service and employees are amazingly nice and friendly! The portions are huge and the food is DELICIOUS! Cant go wrong with this place!
Great concept, staff full of aloha spirit, and Ono grinds!  I've tried the Huli chicken and the steak.. Love both!  Oh and their guac is very tasty as well.  No they don't have a dollar menu, but you get what you pay for ;) I wish this business much success as I plan on dining here again & again when that crazy Hawaiian with a little spice craving takes me over.. Or for the best "fast food" dessert ever, Coconut Bark!
Just amazing food, fully customizable, and immensely satisfying. Check Yelp or Groupon for deals. My first time arriving here, the super friendly staff asked if I'd been there before, and gave me samples of their meats, and each was delicious, super flavorful, and unique tasting. This isn't your typical grilled chicken or steak, it's got FLAVOR! The Kalua pig was sweet and savory, probably the best pork I'd ever had. Definitely going back!
Always wanted to try this place, and finally stopped in...glad I did, because it definitely did not disappoint!!! The owner Chris, was there, and asked me if it was my first time there, and as it was, let me sample some of the meats. Love, love, love the kalua pork!!  Not salty or greasy....just right!!!!! I also love the options of having whole wheat tortillas and brown rice with or without seaweed. Took a couple of menus and passed them out to my coworkers....many of whom are from Hawaii. Only reason why I omitted a star was because on my second visit, I also ordered chips and guacamole, and for $4+, the little container of guacamole was disappointing, albeit delicious....but to have to scrape the bottom of the container after a few chips...other than that, the food is EXCELLENT!!!! They definitely do not skimp on the burrito!
Short: Bring a half off or 2 for 1 coupon. Questionable prices, but good food and decent service.

Long: I want to really like this place, but it's not doing itself any favors.
I came here since I've been seeing its coupons on several sites, and yelp had a $5 for $10 coupon up, so I snagged it and came here.
I arrived a bit early, and they were still setting up. In the meantime, they offered me a sample of their meat and I took it up. I haven't had this type of service for a long time. Then they took my order. I got 3 soft tacos with rice and beans, and a drink. 

On my tacos I got Hula Hula Chicken, Kalua Pig, and Palehu Steak. All were very good, but a few problems: 1) If you order a portion of your mean to be the Steak or Fish, you get charged as if your entire order was that--which is extra. 2) The Kalua Pork, while the best meat here, tastes like it's bathing in lard (which is good, kinda). It's just saturated with liquid fat, so do avoid if you're on a diet!
I only got salsa for topping, and I tried the three different--free--salsas they had. The pineapple and tomato/onion salsa were overpowering and I couldn't taste the meat with them in the tacos. The corn one was good. They would be great on anything else, just not with the meat. Leaves me questioning if I should have left them out.

My biggest complaint of food is with the sides. I had rice and beans with the side, and they were TERRIBLE. 
The beans were like straight out of a can. I don't know if they make their own black beans, but they taste like any black beans you can dump from a can.
The rice, while you can tell is made in-house, is the worse. It's some kind of white/wild rice with some of the shell still on it, with some "seaweed" spice. This would be great if it was boiled or steam loosely, if the rice wasn't made Japanese/sticky-rice style. By making it sticky, the rice turns to just globs of messy, weird rice. With Japanese sticky rice, this is great as the rice tastes clean, and "pure" (hard to explain). But with this, the rice tastes dirty and just unappetizing. 
AVOID these. Several other customers after me--more experienced--didn't touch them for this reason.

I do have to give mad props for having apple juice on the fountain drinks. That's something I've never seen before, and I love apple juice!
They do have two side sauces, which taste like concentrated artificial juice drinks with some hot sauce in them. While good, just doesn't sit right with me.

The service, was meh~. You're served from the counter--Subway style--which means the meat and all the sides are sitting out the entire time, pre-cooked and all. Then, the service ends about there. You get your own drinks, and leave your plates on the table. For the price I would have paid--if not for the coupon I had--this would have been pretty bad.

MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT: Price. I can't see spending $10.25 on what I got. Three OK tacos, terrible rice and beans, and a fountain drink, with little to no service, for $10. I just don't see it. I can dine out for that price, and get much better and more food elsewhere--just not "Hawaiian" style. With the $5 for $10 coupon I got from Yelp, it made it worth it, and I'm satisfied. I'm just moved enough to pay $10 for everything. 

Come here if you've got the groupons or Yelp coupon, or if you really want to try this place. Otherwise, I don't see the value in it.
Their burrito bowls are bountiful in size! The flavors were all delicious separately but the combination I ordered wasn't entirely complimentary. 

Cool concept, so I'll be back again but to try something new.
WOW!!! Absolutely delicious!! I hate trying new things because I'm really picky and I end up not liking new food, but I will definitely be back.  I got the chicken bowl with seaweed rice, mango salsa, black beans and grilled veggies.  Oh man, I'm in love with tha Braddah's lol...
Excellent food! Great new spot. Had the groupon which made it that much better. Staff was very friendly as well
We were pleasantly surprised by the size (large) and cleanliness of this relatively new restaurant that serves high quality fast food at more than reasonable prices.  We were given samples of huli huli chicken, kalua pig and pulehu steak by the friendly counter person.   We both agreed the pig was the way to go and shared a burrito adding black beans, sour cream, cilantro,  lettuce, guacamole (extra charge) and cheese along with  tomato with Maui onion sauce.  In addition we ordered a soda and quarter pound box of coconut bark.  This is fast food, but the freshness of all the ingredients sets it apart from the chains.  The coconut bark could prove to be addictive.  

As we prepared to depart, one of the co-owners thanked us and proceeded to tell us a little (too much?) about his background and future plans which include opening another Braddah's in Centennial Hills on April 15th.
Awesome place!! As everyone said the huli huli chicken and the kalua pig is awesome!!! I had the kalua pig in my buritto and that bugga was ono aka GOOD!!! Being born and raised in Hawaii its been a long time since i had great kalua pig. Wifey had the bowl with the huli huli chicken. Just like Quidoba where you choose what goes in the bowl. If its your first time they will offer you a sample of the kalua pig and huli huli chicken. Buggah is ono!! Highly recommend!
After following them on Instagram for some time, I decided to pop in for lunch with my son and sister. Right when we walked in, we were pleasantly greeted and asked if it was our first time there. We said yes and she asked if we'd like some meat samples. Whaa?! Yes please! She explained what each meat was and what our meal options were. Because of that I ended up ordering two types of meat instead! The flavor for all the meats were so rich and tasty! I ended up choosing the kalua pig and the pulehu steak in a bowl with a bunch of selections from their toppings bar including the yummy seaweed rice. The portion sizes were great and the quality of the food was perfect for their affordable pricing. We also ordered their "award winning" coconut bark and OMG! It's to die for! I'm not the biggest fan of coconut but this stuff is AMAZING! We ended up ordering another box to take home. I ended up meeting the owner as we were leaving and he was so humble and thankful for our service. We'll definitely be coming back!
LOVED this place. First read about Braddah's on the KNPR auction website. Didn't bid then, but regretted having missed that option so jumped on a chance to buy a Groupon when the opportunity arose. Finally visited the restaurant on Thursday night. Went with a group of 4. Each of us chose a different option--salad, rice bowl, burrito, tacos--and each was thrilled with his/her choice. In addition to the delicious food, we were impressed by the friendly, helpful staff. They offered us samples of the meats and accepted our Groupon without any issue. We will be returning again--and again.
This was my first time here. We went through the drive thru. It was an easy process. We also didn't have to wait long to get our food. I got the Kalua pig in a burrito. Pretty much everything in it with the tomato and Maui onion sauce. Got home and got settled. I took my first bite and it was amazing. The Kalua pig was amazing. I don't know how else to describe it. Each bite was just as good as the first. You must give this place a try! Definitely coming back to try the pulehu steak.
Great service and fantastic food. Yes, it was like a chipotle's but the differences where exciting. I fell in love with the coconut bark. I would recommend trying this place out you won't be disappointed.
First time here today..  I have to say the food is really good.. I got a chix salad. I definitely liked it l.  The set up really reminds me of Chipotle but a Hawaiian version I love it.. Coconut bark is the business
Found this place on yelp, we were fans of chipotle and now this is our go to spot! Service is always fast in the drive-thru, we never wait more than 5mins at the window. Steak & chicken is good, if you're not used to Hawaiian flavors it has a tad sweetness to it (a little like teriyaki) so if u don't like that flavor then go with the pork or fish. I usually get the salad bowl, they always give dressing with it but u don't need it if you're adding salsa and all the other add-ons. I recently just tried the salad dressing and if skip it! Tasted funny. And I always get the spicy salsa with Maui onion, I tried the mango salsa and it was disappointing just bland. The coconut bark is worth a try to see if you like it but the price is pretty steep for the size ($4 for a tiny box with about 3 small pieces) a $1 candy bar at the store might be a better deal lol but overall a good place to go. So minus 1-star for the salad dressing, size of dessert and prices is a tad high.
Love this place. They give u so much meat for the price of salad. Never has the bark and it was so good!
All I can say is mmmm the food was delicious I really enjoy the pulled pork  also the Chicken. the best part of  the meal was picking out  fresh ingredients to add to the bowel I think  the coconut bark at the end of the meal made everything go down a lot better will I try again..... Hell yeah this food rocks my husband is from Hawaii and gives it five stars the seaweed rice was outstanding.
Grew up in west Oahu so I know da kine!  The huli huli is small kine dry to me but I like choke sauce Bruh. Also the kalua pig was ono!
Always impressed. I was on my way to an appointment, and noticed this location (I just ate at the Centennial Hills location for dinner last night) and so With my daughters prompting (begging) we decided to stop by for lunch. 

The kalua pork is my favorite. I also love the charred pineapple verde salsa. So much yum. I made sure not to forget the coconut bark this time, and I was not disappointed. It's a chocolate salty caramel treat with a bit of crunch in the middle. Very rich, and a little goes a long way. Don't forget about the "hot" sauces! 

I love this place! And so does my picky daughter. Awesome restaurant! Oh, I almost forgot to mention the super friendly service. All of the staff are pleasant and helpful. Great find. :)
So I've just returned from lunch and realized I've never reviewed Braddah's. The more I eat here, the more I love it. I've had their bowls and burritos, and of course, the coconut bark. I love the Kalua Pig and normally get that, but I've also tried their steak and chicken. I seriously just love getting the bowl because they can fit much more in the bowl than they can in that tortilla! 

Customer service is always on point and everyone appears to truly enjoy working here. 

Please note, that it's "just like Chipotle" in the sense that you go through the line picking what you want on or in your entrée item, but it's in no way "just like Chipotle" in the flavor sense. There are countless variations of their menu and it's all yours for the taking. I'm so excited to keep on coming back here and am even more excited that there will be one coming soon to Henderson (right??!!).
The service & food here are great. I have always gotten the salad but have tried the chicken, pig and beef. All are excellent. I love the corn salsa and the guacamole is excellent. I am in love with the coconut bark. The name is misleading, because I don't like coconut, but it's this caramel & chocolate bar with a touch of coconut on it. It is quite amazing and I have to keep myself from eating the whole bag. They always have groupons too, so anytime I can save $$, it makes it even better! Mahalo.
I enjoyed my salad, hubby had a burrito, it was amazing. They were really friendly, even offered us free samples.
It was OK.  Good for a yelp deal. Paid very little for a lot of food.  Wasn't my fav food I had while in Vegas but it was new and unique and hit the spot one afternoon we were out exploring looking for new eats!
This place is amazing! It was my first time here because I am on a job out here with my Vegas firms team and if its your first time, they personally bring you a bowl of all three meats for you to try. Their pulehu steak was my favorite! This place is like a Hawaiian chipotle.  They even have thwir own made salsas and sauces. Brilliant. I enjoyed it with my favorite-hawaiian sun :)
Food was very good. Staff very accommodating. Sauces are good but the bottle doesn't have a spout, just be aware. Definitely recommend and will go back.
I looked at the food options as I told the manager that it was my first time, and she took out a bowl and gave me a sample of each of the different meats they had - I didn't even ask!  Each was good, but the pig was juicy and awesome.  The seaweed mixed with rice was delicious, too.  They give you alot of food for the price, though I wish they didn't charge $1.15 for a small helping of grilled vegetables.  Still, the food was good and the staff were so much friendlier than I would have expected.  I look forward to going back!
Braddahs! The friendliness of staff, great service, and cleanliness of the restaurant ALONE deserve 5 stars. Braddahs is a great new concept!
....... I'm not going to lie, I was not a fan of the food at first. The main one being that the actual temperature of the food wasn't piping hot like I enjoy. I think all of the veggies and cold salsas took away from the warmth of the meat. I had the HuliHuli chicken burrito with seaweed rice, fajita veggies, corn salsa, and guac. The chicken was seasoned well but it was a bit on the cold side for a burrito. In your defense we did come in about 15 minutes before closing and maybe I got the last batch of chicken.
After much debate my boyfriend drug me back into this location (He's a HUGE fan of Braddahs) to give it one more try. I was honest with the young lady working and she asked lots of questions about what I did not like on my first visit and was determined to fix it..... she talked me into something different.
This time around I had a three taco plate. 1 Kahluah Pig and 2 steak tacos and  OH MYYYYYY....... AMAZING!!!
That Kahluah pig was perfectly seasoned, juicy, and tender, as was the steak. The tacos were very generously portioned out. Perfect!!!
Thank you for making a believer out of me!
P.S. The coconut bark is worth every single calorie. ;o)
A must try island style fresh fast casual with lots of delicious options and aloha.
.... and mahalo.  Their kahlua pork was like getting lei'd in a bowl of deliciousness.  Highly recommend chilling out in the cool clean island themed fresh fast casual.  Sounds of Hawaiian music will make you feel like you're at a luau.  Fantastic food and island style aloha service ya.
Had some take out from the Durango/215 location(formerly Sliding Thru) and the food was excellent.  Delicious, steak and kalua pork burritos...pretty big portions! My 18 month old daughter's kalua pork taco had so much meat, it was enough for 2 meals!!
Not to mention extremely friendly staff! We were excited to come back. We figured "If take out was this good, maybe dining in would be even better!"

Fast forward to today-

We get inside the restaurant and discover that it's a Chipotle style assembly line kind of deal. No biggie...if the foods delicious, I don't mind!  We order bowls this time instead of burritos.  Big bowls...skimpy portions. Our bowl was BARELY 2/3 full. If that's your portion size...please get an appropriate size bowl!!  My daughter got the same taco from last week but  this time it was a pathetic, anorexic version of the one from last week. Maybe a spoonful of meat. They charge $3 for a kids taco and APPARENTLY $1 more for meat. That's $4 for basically nothing!  Not to mention the menu was confusing as hell in regards to the kids taco. I'm sure we're not the only ones to find it confusing and a bit of a rip off. Now what happened in a week to cause this drastic change? The staff wasn't nearly as nice as before. Although the manager did try to remedy the situation and gave us a refund on the taco.  The food wasn't nearly was good as before. Bland, and not very hot.  I'm especially bummed because this was our "cheat" meal after eating healthy all week. Last week I was going to be a regular customer...after today...not so much...

P.S. Hawaiian food is supposed to  be tasty, big portions of deliciousness. The portions today were for the price they charge... Insulting...
Very friendly staff. Great service. The atmosphere of the restraunt is like going on vacation. I had a salad with the chicken. Portions are very large. The salad was ok but not great. Maybe i will try something else next time. But the friendly staff are very welcoming and the prices are reasonable.
Tried the steak, fish and kalua pig and the kalua pig was definitely my favorite! Great service & friendly staff! I'll be back soon :) oh and prices are very reasonable!
Awesome concept. The flavor of the hulihuli chicken was authentic. My wife had the pulehu steak bowl. I like that they only serve brown rice, with or without the seaweed. Super friendly service. The restaurant is clean, and the decor is like a vintage plantation house in Hawaii. The Coconut Bark is a must try. It is dangerously Ono!  Dieters beware!
Braddahs is a very friendly staff!! She let us taste test the food!!  It's so good, I had the bowl with seaweed rice with half Kalua and half steak with the beans and salsa!! Onolicious!!  You must go eat!!!
Two words. Coconut Bark. 
I reminds me of toffee, accept delicious, because I dislike toffee. A must try!


The Staff is very friendly, and the food portions are generous. The style is similar to chipotle, or Zaba's Mexican Grill as you go down the line and pick your food options. The meat options were tasty. My Favorite by far is the Pork. Delicious and flavorful. The other meat options were not filled with gristle either, and this is a major plus for me. Chicken, steak, and fish are also up for grabs.  

Finally, you can toss some sauces on the food to add some extra kick. I tried a raspberry hotsauce, and a pinapple jalapeno sauce. Both taste great, and do not overpower the food, but add to it as a compliment, unlike most hotsauces that take over the flavor..
This is by far one of the best places we have gone to eat in Las Vegas.  The burritos were great and BIG!!!!!  We tried the kallua pig and chicken and they were very tasty.  This just might cause us to rate Hawaiian as our favorite food edging out other favorites such as Mexican and Thai.  Overall - this was really good and can't be beat. You must try the bark.  It is incredible - and - out of this world!
Friendly people, great food, clean & inviting location.  Couldn't ask for more.
First things...the coconut bark is SO BOMB! Secondly this place has amazing and fresh entrees. I'm coming back for sure.
This place is awesome! !!!!!! Great customer service.  And the pig is out of this world. Its the new Chipotle.
I ate here tonight and I was very surprised. I had the tacos and they were very tasty.
Braddah's offerings are similar to Chipotle, yet with Hawaiian twist. If you're a fan of Burrito Bowl at Chipotle, chances are high that you'll like Huli Huli Chicken Rice Bowl here.
Hearing that Braddah's was featured on Groupon, I quickly took the opportunity to snatch that deal. As a Hawaiian who's super passionate about food, it's didn't take long to hear about this place. My impression was that this was a Hawaiian joint taking a Mexican fusion approach. I wanted to visit this place to see how accurate that was. 

Rolling up to Braddah's, I thought it was super cute! Yellow awning type roof, outside seating with bright yellow umbrellas. I knew the inside wouldn't disappoint as well. The color scheme is green and yellow, a very common combo from my hometown on the Big Island. My past schools had the same color scheme and a lot of housing tend to represent the same combo. The walls were beautifully adorned with Hawaii prints, maps and other artwork. Hawaiian music played over the speakers bringing a laid back vibe to the restaurant. The staff was pretty young, but full of the Aloha spirit. Kenny, a long time employee is someone I met through the Hawaiian community here in Vegas and seems to really embody the Hawaiian mentality. It made me feel like I was visiting a place back home in Hawaii! 

The food choice was really creative! I felt like I was visiting the Hawaiian version of Chipotle or Cafe Rio! For step 1, you basically choose a burrito, bowl, salad or 3 tacos and take it from there. On this visit, I chose the bowl, topped with step 2, kalua pig for $6.95 and doubled with huli huli chicken for an extra $2.00. Step 3, I chose seaweed rice (brown rice with nori) and black beans, step 4 I went with the mango and corn salsa, as well as the guacamole for an extra $1.65. My last step, step 5, I chose toppings like cabbage, cilantro and a'a lava chips. As you can see, you're literally building a plate from the ground up. Lots to choose from and the food was awesome. The kalua pig was super smokey and really juicy! The chicken was flavored well and really tender. All toppings and elements brought that Latin flare and a refreshing component. The cabbage and chips helped to represent a crunchy texture. Truly a great dish! For dessert I had to get the small coconut bark for $3.95. It was 1/4 of a pound goodness! Chocolate, caramel, cookie and coconut layered to make a sweet delight. Great way to end this wonderful meal! 

Seeing the great deals they offer on Groupon AND Yelp, makes me wonder. Usually Groupon deals to me, means the place is trying to attract more customers. The food they offer, in my opinion, does not need all that hype. When you serve great food at affordable prices, people will just come. This place serves pretty amazing food if I say so myself :-) I live on the opposite side of the valley and after trying this place out, I'm definitely coming back again soon, no matter the distance. It was delicious! So excited they're going to be opening up a Maryland location!!!
To all of my peeps that gave this place 5 stars! Let's high 5 it! I'm all the way up there with you guys! Service was excellent. Much love to sweet Carmella and down to earth Jonathan! Let's not play... The flavor of the pulehu steak was killer! A symphony of sweet, salty and a flavor explosion of tender meat. Lets just say it's teriyaki steak's prettier cousin. The huli huli chicken was great as well - moist, perfectly seasoned with a tasty charred flavor. The Kalua pork was fork tender, moist and juicy (but just not my thing). But man oh man, the steak is definitely the winner. I'll just have all steak please!

So, you can count on me to talk about all of the unique sauces they had to offer...What can I say? I'm a sauce whore. Make sure to try all of their bottled sauces! Our favorite was the pineapple lime and jalapeño - it has an addicting, sweet, tropical flavor that pairs perfectly with the chicken and steak! We doused the crap out of our tacos and bowl with it. So good! They also have the coconut colada pearl which had a very light creamy coconut flavor, and the kind of heat that mildly hits you towards the back of your throat. It's not too spicy at all in our opinion, but it was also not our favorite. The raspberry jalapeño was interesting as well, it was sweet and very unique, though we thought the raspberry flavor tasted a little too artificial and more like chemicals. 

My favorites are:
The bowl or crispy tacos
Pulehu steak!!! Or if you must, huli huli chicken 
Medium mango and roasted corn salsa 
Spicy tomato salsa with grilled Maui onion 
Guacamole 
Sliced raw jalapeños 
Brown rice with nori
Sour cream

I'd probably top it with more veggies, but my tacos were already exploding at the seams! Don't worry, it's ok if you get a little messy eating the tacos. It's so worth it!
I want to start off my review with -- YOU MUST GET THE COCONUT BARK! It's like the best thing I have ever eaten! Extra star is solely for the coconut bark!

First time I heard of this place I thought.. Hawaiian Mexican fusion that's freakin awesome! I was pretty intrigued because I do enjoy both of these ethnic foods. & the pictures made my mouth water. 

It pretty much has a Chipotle feel to it. I got a chicken bowl w/ seaweed rice, mango roasted corn, tomato grilled maui onions and a ton load of lettuce. Although I did enjoy the meal I didn't give it more stars because after the meal I didn't feel like I wanted to come back right away. All i really keep thinking about was how much I want that coconut bark. & not so much the actual food they have. Next time I'm gonna go for the steak. NIeves D. gave me a lil sample and that was way better then the chicken I decided to go with.

The staff is incredibly nice. The guy in charge defiantly hooked it up. Gave us free drinks & free coconut bark! YES!! 

The side door was wide open due to a crack on the glass so all types of bugs were flying in & I thought that was pretty unsanitary.
First time here and very impressed! The food was fresh and well flavored. Had the veggie bowl with seaweed rice, cabbage relish and jalepanos. Boyfriend had the streak and loved it!  Atmosphere was fun and relaxing! Will be back!!!
I'm going to go ahead and add my 5 star rating to Bruddah's collection. If you haven't tried the food here, you've been missing out. 

The steak - oh my, the steak.  I could go on and on about it. I don't know what they marinate their meat with, but I find myself craving the steak. It's incredible. Their seaweed rice, the salsas, the chocolate covered coconut bark.... Ahhhh!!! Why do you have to be all the way across town?! Rumor has it, they are adding more locations. So in the meanwhile, I'll have to trek it to the west side while eagerly awaiting a Green Valley location. 

Owner: Please come to Green Valley. 
I need more of your steak in my life. Period.
Very similar to chipotle but with a Hawaiian theme and tastes!  Well priced delicious food.  Try the coconut bark!
Came here after buying their groupon. I got the fish tacos, chips and guacamole, and the kalua pig tacos.

The staff was very friendly and gave great service, they even let me try all of their meats since I had never eaten there before. I asked for some more salsa and sour cream to finish off my chips and they were happy to give some.

Like other people have said, it is a Chipotle style place where you pick your meats, your tacos/bowls/burrito, and you pick what toppings you want. There wasn't anything special about the set up, but everything looked nice and appealing.

The tacos I got were pretty good, the pork was better than the fish.  My only complaint was that since I got the hard corn tacos, the bottoms were soggy when I started eating them. This happened for both the kaula pig and fish tacos. This was while I ate inside the store, not driving them back home or something.

The chips and guacamole were just what would be expected from a place like this. The guacamole tasted like it was made recently with big chunks of avocado. The chips seemed to have been fried recently with bits of salt still on them. Both of them paired together was pretty good.

All in all, while nothing was particularly bad, nothing stood out as particularly memorable. I think if someone made me eat the food with a blindfold on and didn't tell me it was Braddah's, I would have thought I was eating Chipotle.  I think I got my money's worth for it being a groupon deal. While I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here again, I would more inclined to eat here without a groupon as compared to other places that promote a groupon.
My ohana and I usually meet up for some grinds at Island Flavor, but we decided to mix it up and give Braddah's a try. We cashed in on the Groupon and crossed our fingers. 

When we arrived the place was empty, but it was cute and clean. The staff was super friendly and gave us a bowl with the different types of meat to sample. I immediately fell in love with the kalua pig. I decided to make a bowl with brown rice, kalua pork, black beans, guacamole, sour cream, cabbage, and lime. I am admittedly in love with Mexican food and always intrigued by Mexican fusion and this was absolutely delicious. The flavors worked really well together and the portion size was huge. I am a guacamole addict and they gave me such a large helping that I ended up sharing with my husband (and I never share my guacamole). I especially appreciated this because there was an up-charge for the guacamole. We were also lucky enough to try coconut bark and it was spectacular. It was the perfect dessert with the gooey toffee and the chocolate. Yum!

This is a great fast food type option. The portion sizes are worth it and with Groupon and Yelp check in deals you can't go wrong. They even have a drive through! Support your local mom and pop shop and join the ohana.
With the yelp coupon it definitely helps out the price factor for me. 

The extra star is solely for their dessert. I honestly didn't see how the coconut bark could really be that great like how people rave about it but.... it's pretty dang good. I'd go back all the time just for that.
This place is a pretty good concept. It's a lot like Chipotle or Zabas... However, they give it a Hawaiian spin.

The location isn't in the greatest of neighborhoods, but there are. 2 more locations you can visit.

You order the type of rice, beans, meat and salsa you like. They have Tacos, burritos, and bowls. 

The price was very reasonable. Service was fantastic. The only thing I'd complain about, is that the bathroom was kinda dirty.

I would recommend giving it a try, and judge for yourself.
Think of this place like a Hawaiian style Chipotle. It's a little ways off the strip, but worth it if you need a break from all the lights and action. I found  a nice Groupon for this place so I thought we could try it out while we were on our trip. 

We were greeted and offered to sample their meats before we created our meal. All the meat was pretty yummy but for hubs and I the steak really stood out. We got a bowl and a burrito, some chips, and coconut bark. The seaweed rice was yummy and overall I really enjoyed my burrito. They were really generous with the guac which made my food taste even better! 

The coconut bark was really sweet and definitely an extra treat. I probably wouldn't get this everytime but maybe once in a while. 

Thanks Braddah's! Hope to see you next time we're in Vegas.
After eating at this establishment a number of times, I must say that it's very eh. It's a chipotle influenced Hawaiian style restaurant . Every dish I've tried here was kind of bland, save for that strong seaweed flavor in the rice. I don't think I would ever have the desire to eat here again.
Food was good.   Greeted by the staff and offered a sample of their meats.   Decided on two burritos,  one Kalua pork and the other was steak.   Both burritos were very good.

This place would've gotten 5 stars had it had Hawaiian music playing in the background to give more of a local style ambiance.   But people were really nice and food good so we'll be coming back. 

Two burrito,  two fountain drinks and small box of coconut bark with $10 off the bill.   Total $19 bucks
Soooo ono! Its like chipotle had a hawaiian baby, but better! Great food & service :) Every time I've gone in, i have never been disappointed. Very convenient location to go on my lunch break & i love the seaweed rice & coconut bark! Must try this place out.
Came here for lunch to try out before my next appointment. 

As some reviews had mentioned, it was like a hawaiian Chipotle. 

Step 1 - choose one -  burrito, bowl, salad, or tacos - 
Step 2 - choose one - meat (chicken, pig, steak, fish, veggies)
Step 3 - choose any - seaweed rice OR brown rice, black beans, and grilled veggies
Step 4 - choose one- charged pineapple verde, mango & roasted corn, tomato w/ grilled maui onions
Step 5 - choose any - sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, cabbage, lime, cilantro, bean sprouts, habenero, lava chips

My combination was a burrito with the huli huli chicken, seaweed rice, black beans, mango & roasted corn, sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno. 

It was $6.95 + tax .. pretty similar to chipotle in pricing but a different taste. 

To be honest, i thought flavor wasnt really there. It was quite plain. The only thing that really STOOD out was the jalepeno. Surprisingly spicy despite a lot of other places with jalepenos werent really spicy lately. Aside from that, not much flavor in the chicken, not the mango and roasted corn salsa. Was expecting maybe bright flavors from the mango and corn but not really o.O 

Heard it may be because they are opening another location in the north side and the owner wasn't there for QC? thats kind of bad if quality is only kept up when managed.... 

May give it another try but with first experience... eh Lol
Good food, good service. The steak was delicious with guacamole. Very reasonable price.
I've been here on many occasions: hungry, drunk, hungover, sober, and just plain very angry-hungry.

First time I've been here, I was like, "Oh Chipotle, but Hawaiian!" Yes, kinda, not really, No. Ok maybe the idea of building your own food is like Chipotle. But enough about Chipotle. Braddah's is better cause it's Hawaiian food!!!

Step by step process is super easy and self explanatory. If you can't read, the employees will help you out. If you don't know what you want to get (meat-wise), they will give you a sample too. 

Food tip: GET THE KALUA PIG!!! You can do it as a burrito, bowl or tacos. BUT if you get the crunchy tacos, expect your tacos to get soggy.

Pretty cheap if you get the Yelp Deal or Groupon. It seems like they always have it. 

Would come back here, again. Maybe come back here very hammered. JK. LOL.
We went to braddahs and I would say it was very good. This place can be compared to a chipotle grill. You choose from burrito, bowl, salad. I tried the bowl with everything in it and got the grilled fish. I will say that the portion of fish was only 2 ounces or so. The meat that my wife chose was the steak and she got plenty of it. The size of the bowl was nice and the options of toppings are more than chipotle with option like fresh cut habanero, bean sprouts, and pineapple blend. 
We ended our meal with a piece of coconut log which is caramel, toffee, chocolate slabs topped with coconut. This stuff is the candy version of crack.. It seriously is amazing and worth the trip alone. 
I give it a three star only because the fish portion was very small. The prices were sort of up there when you add Guac, and generally speaking the base food in which you order besides the Coconut Bark is generic as the Las Vegas area has thousands of Mexican food restaurants.
Always feel so welcome everytime we come in. The staff are great and the food is fantastic. Each bowl comes with more than enough to eat, that I have to get a to go bowl for my girl and I. I recommend everyone to check this place out. Also if you crave something sweet the coconut bark is so worth is!
Like a cafe Rio but Hawaiian style. Solid flavors for the meat. Good choice for 10 bucks meal.
A very dark day for the sauce lover indeed. We came here for dinner with our intentions to grab our typical favorite crispy tacos with all pulehu steak, nori rice, spicy red, mango corn, jalapeños, sour cream, guacamole and doused with the oh so amazing bottled pineapple lime jalapeño sauce. 

We were rudely awakened when we learned that the chef quit so they no longer have any of the incredible bottled sauces!!!! No more raspberry jalapeño, coconut colada pearl, guava & habanero, pineapple lime jalapeño (that was my main reason for being a fan!) I don't think I can return, not until I know they sorted out the sauce situation.

Honesty, I think the pulehu steak is delicious, packed with flavor, and moist, also the tacos have a wonderful crispy texture - but without the sauce, they just taste naked. 

You broke a sauce junkie's heart. :(
As everyone else has mentioned, this is the Hawaiian version of Chipotle. No need to re-invent the wheel and create a different concept for ordering when it's effective. After eating here a couple times, I have to say that I prefer this place to Chipotle. I love the island flavors especially the huli huli chicken and kalua pig. Top it off with seaweed rice and pineapple mango salsa -- on tacos, burritos, or bowls -- and you have a clear winner in fast food.
I absolutely love this place... They offer an amazing fusion of Hawaii and Mexican is so refreshing. I have been here multiple times and Christopher the owner is always so nice. I really love the fresh ingredients they use and I would absolutely recommend the pork! SO GOOD!
Naming this place Braddah's, using kalua pig and "pulehu" steak really doesn't make it Hawaiian. Portions are large and flavors are ok, wraps were hard and cold, meats were dripping with grease. 

Part of the appeal of Hawaiian/local food restaurants like island sushi and island flavor for me is the atmosphere - it feels like home because of the food, music and people. This place was empty, silent, and the girl working the counter seriously didn't give a sh*t. It had a fast food mcdonalds type of vibe and I wasn't feeling that either. I would maybe go back to try the coconut bark, but otherwise - pass. 

With that said, I could easily see this becoming a small national chain. Calling steak pulehu (means grilled) sounds exotic I guess. People seem to like being adventurous without really being adventurous if that makes sense.
First! This place is awesome. They just open today in my neighborhood and WOW am I a lucky person to live next to this place. I had the Salmon and Shrimp katsu and my lady had the Chicken Katsu Curry. The fish and chicken was fried but was so tender never had Katsu this tasty. Love it and I be coming back all the time.
Best japanese curry In town. Chicken karaage is fantastic, had to order a second helping. Service was excellent, very friendly staff. Will come back weekly. Love love it.
It's a very cute, cozy and clean Japanese Katsu place. I had tried cucumber salad , potato salad , chicken Katsu, salmon Katsu and pork Katsu sandwich. I love it all but I really like the yuzu flavor cucumber salad, pork Katsu sandwich and salmon Katsu dinner. I'm so glad it's right by my house that I can go eat there all the time!
Very good tonkatsu! I wish you guys the best and will send my friends to your restaurant.
Perfectly cooked tonkatsu.  I got a pork cutlet and curry rice plate and it was really good.  Cutlet was nice and crispy while the meat was still juicy and flavorful.  I like how they give you the chance to grind your own toasted sesame seeds to either mix with a tonkatsu sauce or place directly on top of your food.  
The tonkatsu sauce was pretty strong but good as long as you get some rice in that mouthful.  Also ordered the potato salad and it was excellent.  Unlike many potato salads, it was light and refreshing as opposed to heavy.  She puts cured cucumbers and, I think, some apply pieces in there.  In any case, it was a nice side to go along with the breaded and fried meat.
Curry had a little potato and carrot too.  Would have loved to see a side of corn.  I usually roll like that.  But overall you're gonna get really well cooked katsus, a nice fluffy moist rice, and tasty curry.  I wish I lived closer.
I feel like this is your pretty standard 4-star experience. There was nothing particularly bad about the whole experience of eating here, but nothing that stood out as "outstanding." I have gone to a Tonkatsu specialty place before in LA which was more expensive but also more tasty and a better experience.

I got the standard pork tonkatsu dinner. The portions were generous and the cut of the pork was quite thick. It came with two cutlets which was more than enough meat. On the critical side, their tonkatsu sauce is quite salty and it would be tough to counter that with the options on the table. The cutlets themselves were moist and well cooked, though the breading was a little plain in flavor.

The dinner portion came with rice and miso soup, which were ok but decent.

One thing that felt awkward to me is that the store was eerily quiet despite there being about a dozen people there when we got there. The place is quite small and cozy, but I for some reason felt like I was in a library the whole time.
The food and service was great. I tasted a bit of everything and nothing disappointed.
This spot was delicious ! I tasted almost the entire menu. The service was very warming and I will definitely be back!
It is with great sadness that I have to give them 3 stars, but I have to stick to my guns and rate the restaurants based on food.  

I am passionate about Tonkatsu.  Please...don't confuse this with tonkOtsu as in Monta ramen.  Ton means pig.  KAtsu is something fried with panko.  KOtsu is bone as in pork bone broth you make Ramen out of, so please get it straight.  Katsu NOT Kotsu.  

When I was in Japan this spring I must have had 3 or 4 tonkatsu meals.  Tonkatsu restaurants are ubiquitous there, not quite as many as Ramen ya's or 7 11's, but you won't have any difficulty finding one when you are in the mood for it. Tonkatsu is a very narrow niche, they only serve fried pork loin (rosu katsu), pork filet (hile katsu), and some places may serve fried prawns and such, but that's usually about it.  Most places do fried oysters from Fall to spring.  Tonkatsu restaurants are somewhat different from other genres like sushi or ramen because people don't/can't make nigiri sushi or ramen from scratch at home, but tokatsu is not very difficult to cook at home.  Then how come tonkatsu restaurants are so popular?  Well...it's because they tend to be cheap, and it's a mess to make at home with deep frying and all, but the most important factor is that SOMEHOW....it tastes so much better when the pros do it.  It's just pork, salt/pepper, egg, flour, and panko deep fried, but I just can't make them like they do in Tokatsu restaurants, that's why I go out to Wako, Saboten, Maisen, etc, with their soft/crispy fried panko layer, but when you sink your teeth into it it oozes with all that nice pork fat juice, that's why!  Somehow it doesn't turn out like that at home.

As I have been saying for years that Vegas needs a tonkatsu place, I was ecstatic to hear that Kiyoshi opened.  it's in the SE corner of Jones and Robindale and it is a cozy clean place with great friendly service.  

The menu was a bit busier than I liked but seemed legit and there was rosu katsu as I wanted.  You go to Tonkatsu place, you get rosu katsu.  Tonkatsu restaurants live or die with rosu katsu.  

Each table has a sesame grinder and a pot of tonkatsu sauce.  You grind as much sesame you want and add a tonkatsu sauce to make your sesame flavored sauce.  

Rosu katsu set looked authentic and promising.  What didn't...was the katsu itself.  It looked a little too brown, dry, and the outer panko layer has separated from the meat and fell apart as it was picked up.  It tasted dry and I could not enjoy any of the juicy pork fat as I bit into it.  It's like going to a Ramen place and having a broth that was tasteless with floppy overcooked noodle.  

As I mentioned earlier, it's not hard to cook your own tonkatsu.  In order for me to go and pay money for it, it has to be better, MUCH better than what I can make at home and this wasn't the case.  I'm hoping that perhaps mine was a flop.  But the appeal of eating pork/tonkatsu is in the fat and this particular rosu katsu was not fatty/juicy enough, partially due to overcooking.  I would highly recommend them to keep on working at it until when cut into katsu, a nice juicy pork fat flows out and that meat is ever so slighlty pink.  In japan they use "mukin" pork where there is no concern for parasites so some tonkatsu places serve their katsu pretty pinkish.  Doing so in the U.S. probably won't fly, but it certainly does NOT need to be overcooked as they did.

This place has potential, but they need some work on their katsu, perhaps a lot more than "some".   I will visit again and hope to see something that doesn't shame their existence as a tonkatsu-ya.  Until then....I'll keep cooking tonkatsu at home.
If anyone has been to wako in ktown in California this place is almost identical to that.

I had the hire katsu(pork) and the breading wasn't too thick and very crispy and flakey. I only wish they had better dressing for the salad. The spicy mustard was a nice touch that I had never had with katsu before.

I also had the beef tataki and Japanese potato salad. They were both good but nothing really special. 

I finished off the meal with best red bean ice cream I have ever had. I will definitely be back here sooner than later.
Another local style restaurant near my house! I am loving the ninth island. Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is strictly all about the self described Tonkatsu. One of the many local kine food grew up on. Besides the fact always been fan of any kind of breading that uses panko. It done right nothing better then light crispy golden brown crust on the outside and juicy hot meat on the inside. At Tonkatsu Kiyoshi they do fabulous job comes too the Tonkatsu.

 It was my first time so on this visit only got too try the pork katsu although they have other proteins from shrimp, beef, and chicken. Most of the entree comes with rice, couple pieces of garlic (makes no sense, I never asked so sure has its compliment), and miso soup. The house miso soup was good. I liked the fact that it was on the hearty side with decent amount of diced tofu and seaweed. I heard about the Curry sauce from friend recommendation. So I got the Katsu Curry try the best of both worlds. Japanese Curry reminded me of the curry houses back home in Hawaii. Especially the fact that in curry comes with big diced cuts of potatoes and carrots. Think traditional Japanese style just the curry then you add extra items or other curry places around town that just the norm. I have no problem with just pointing out difference. The curry sauce base its solid. Other places around town the base curry is better but here curry sauce does have its flavor all its own. Its more darker in depth not more on the yellow/orange color use too. The tonkatsu was ON point crispy golden brown and hot moist on the inside. Portion size is LOCAL style. Very reasonable price too. One plate between half filled with rice, nice size portion of katsu, and my case curry sauce. Miso soup that full full lunch. 

It small restaurant easily hold under hundred peeps. I like the bar action up front holds around ten seats. They have tables on both sides up front. The decor is simple couple of japanese art work on the walls. It just open so for sure has that brand new restaurant smell too it. Couple other business around it that not quite open yet so don't let the lack of action around mislead you. It tucked in the back of mini shopping mall so easy pass it. Open for both lunch and dinner. Sure plan on coming back trying more of the menu items.
I love everything about this restaurant! The food, the decor, the service are all great! The tonkatsu I had was soooo juicy, and also the potato salad is awesome! can't wait to go back for lunch tomorrow. lol
Good little restaurant by my house. The inside is decorated pretty cool. There are tables and also a counter which you can also sit at. Everything is reasonably priced. The menu isn't super extensive but it has a little from everything.

The food i ordered was Pork Katsu Curry, Chicken Karaage, and Beef Tataki. The pork katsu was very tender and tasted really good. The curry was decent. Ive had better but it was not bad. The curry also had potatoes and carrots in it. The chicken karaage was not what i expected. Reading the menu i thought it was actual fried chicken. But it was also very tender and the flavor was good. The beef tataki was good but there was only 5 slices of it and it was priced at $5 so that was a little disappointing.

Overall the food was good i would definitely go here again especially since its right by my house.
Great service, friendly environment, nice interesting table set ups, cooks are on time and quick. The food are tasty and as fresh as it gets! My favorite is the donburi!! Definitely a place worth to try if you haven't yet.
This place reminds me of curry house coco ichibanya in hawaii! The tonkatsu breading is nice and crispy and fried to a golden perfection.  The curry has a touch of sweetness that I like over Curry Zen.  I feel like Curry Zen is more of a traditional Japanese curry versus this curry has some veggies (carrots and potatoes).  I also like that they have the sesame that you can grind for the tonkatsu sauce; I love the smell of fresh ground sesame and the nutty taste it adds to the tangy tonkatsu sauce.  The only thing that I think was missing was some pickled plum to go with the curry.  The location is the old Rice Trax, but they have done a great job of sprucing the place up and I love the little piggy silhouettes they have on the wall.  If you are a curry aficionado....you have to give this place a try!
This place is awesome. The server/owner was really nice and cared about service. The boxes on the table with the tonkatsu sauce spices was really cool. I love the hard wood feel of the place. It was pretty cool to grind your own seeds to add to the tonkatsu sauce. It smelled so good while you were doing it. 
The food was also really good. I had the pork katsu sandwich and my girlfriend had the katsu curry. The katsu was perfectly crispy. The curry was good. But nothing special. I liked my sandwich a lot. The bread was super soft like thick cut wonder bread and the mustard they serve on the side packed a punch, and for only $7 it was a steal. I would defiantly come back again.
3.5 stars

If someone opens up a tonkatsu restaurant in Japan, the owner is convinced that their tonkatsu is fucking awesome and the best around.  While there's certainly no market for upscale $30+ tonkatsu meals on the corner of Jones and Robindale, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi does a decent job of breading, frying and serving meat.  They're definitely the best around...since they're the only place around!!

My wife got the hire (pork) katsu dinner which was better than the ebi (shrimp) katsu.  The shrimp was quite large which was a plus.  I went with the ebi just to have a variety but I should have just gotten the other pork option (Rosu).  After all, there's a pig on the freakin sign so that should give you some hints on what to order.  The meal comes with miso soup, rice and a little onion.  

After you grind the sesame seeds, transfer the amount you'd like into the black dish with the sauce, don't put the sauce directly into the grinding bowl.  That's the wrong way to do it and you limit the size of the piece you dip by using the small bowl.  I noticed several people doing this while we were there.    

The quality of their pork is better than Japanese Curry Zen and they give a substantial amount more.  I plan on trying the katsu curry next time for sure and I'll be ready to bump it up a star or two if the curry is great.
Discovered dessert. Yuzu pannacotta. Soooo good. A great end to a 
Wonderful meal. Love love it.
Only a week since this place opened. The restaurant is decorated tastefully and is spotless. Located in a strip center -  self parking was a breeze to locate.

It was lunch and I went with the pork Tonkatsu. The entree came with miso soup, salad and steam rice. The portion was generous and my friendly waitress crushed sesame seeds and mixed it with a sauce which was yummy for the pork Tonkatsu. The Tonkatsu was crispy on the outside and moist and hot inside. 

I'm so looking forward to returning and trying their curry.
So I went there yesterday and was so blown away with the food, I had to come back again this evening with my family. The set up is small, but spacious. There are six tables and a bar-type area for seating. You're welcomed immediately with a nice "Irrashaimase!" and it sounds like they've practiced because the pronounciation sounded almost native Japanese. The tables are a good size and the seats are comfy. In the middle of the table is a nice set up where you can mix up your own tonkatsu sauce and roasted sesame seeds. Pretty damn brilliant.

For starters we got the karaage chicken and beef tataki. Excellent dishes. The presentation and portioning are just right, and so is the price. For the main course, I had the Hire & Ebi combo and let me tell you, the breading and texture were just like back home in Japan. The presentation was just like you'd walked into a tonkatsu place in Shinjuku or Yokohama. These guys pulled it off legit. To finish things off, you must, MUST try their yuzu pannacotta. Get there early and order it quick, because they'll sell out. 

Overall, it was a 5 star yelp experience. It's rare that I go to a place twice in a week, let alone 2 days in a row. Yes, it was that good! Go! Go now! Bring your friends!
This place is amazing the pork was breaded and fried to perfection the shrimp are HUGE and the panacotta dessert is outstanding I strongly recommend that you try this place the staff are great the foods great the restaurant is clean I can't get over how great the service was I will definitely come back
A small Japanese place that is owned by Hawaiians. This was where Rice Trax was before.

Ordered their chicken tonkatsu, potato salad, shizo pepper and pork tonkatsu.

All of the items were delicious. The deep fried katsus were not greasy. It came with a shredded cabbage salad, pearl onion pickle, rice and miso soup. For the price, it wasn't bad. Make sure to request for their yuzu dressing for their cabbage side dish.

Service was also great. Very attentive and fast. We will be back!
Ok, I am not an expert on this type of Japanese food by any means...so I am only comparing it to what I know (JCZ and others) FWIW.

Katsu Curry ($12): Pork Tenderloin Katsu with Curry Rice. Pork was PERFECT! Juicy, tender insides with a crunchy yet soft breading on the outside!  I really don't know how else it could be BETTER...seriously, it was as good as it gets for simple Katsu!

The Curry itself had much more FLAVOR than the "other" Japanese curry house as well.  The other tasted like a boring gravy that I had to sprinkle tons of seasoning into  for something to really stand out.  This one is good on its own, but even better with a little bit of love!  

Also tried the Melon Cream Soda Float ($3.25). Nice change of pace! The soda itself is super sweet esp combining with the ice cream, but it is pretty tasty overall.  Give it a shot if you need to calm a sweet tooth!

I thought prices were fair and the portions were pretty large.  If this place was in Chinatown, it would be packed!

See you next time!

Pics :
Best Tonkatsuya in Vegas! Must try the Katsu sandwich!! The place is clean and conform,good service!
I have been there 4times since the opening and everything I add was a amazing must try this place
I ordered the katsu sando and katsu curry from here. I really like the breading and quality of the katsu and the pricing is good for the potions they give you. I love hole in the wall places like this.
For starters, we ordered the Beef Tataki and potato salad. The potato salad was asian style with apples and was ok. I enjoyed the Beef Tataki though! Great appetizer! 

I ordered the Chicken Katsu. If Tonkatsu had a really good dressing for their cabbage salad that comes with the katsu... it would be perfect! The ginger dressing doesn't really go well with it. The katsu itself was really GOOD! It reminded me of Wako, a really popular Katsu place in Los Angeles

Service was also awesome! The waiter recommended this tasty melon soda float for dessert. Never had anything like it. Kinda like a root beer float but instead of root beer, its melon soda!
The tonkatsu here is so fresh and crispy!  It reminds me of the famous tonkatsu restaurant in Waikiki, Tonkatsu Ginza Bairin.  This restaurant just opened up 3 weeks ago and I have already been here 3 times... I think I like this place.

The owner Mark and his family run the restaurant.  He is from Japan originally but lived in HI before moving here to Vegas.  He is super nice and remembers me every time I come in.  I have had a chance to try a lot of their menu over the past 3 visits.

Appetizers:  The 2 most popular ones are the chicken karaage and the beef tataki.  The chicken is really good served with the lemon.  Beef comes with a ponzu sauce and tons of onions!  Yum.

Entrees:  The Hire katsu is a classic pork katsu that is juicy and not dried out like a lot of the pork katsu's I've had before.  Simple and delicious.  The Katsu curry is nice because it is the same pork as the Hire katsu but served with Japanese curry and veggies on the side.  It gives you the option to use the curry sauce or the tonkatsu sauce to dip your meat in.  The Katsu-don is a bowl of pork katsu and rice served with an egg cooked on top of it with onions and a soupy sauce.  I preferred the other two dishes more because the cripsy crust is slightly soggier with the egg and onions on top.  The salmon and shrimp katsu is a nice option if you want to mix things up.  I have never had salmon katsu before!  

Dessert:  I have only tried the melon floats but they are delicious!  Green melon soda with ice cream!

The funnest part about this place is that you get to make your own tonkatsu sauce... sorta.  You use the little mortar and pestle to grind your sesame seeds and then you mix the seeds with the tonkatsu sauce.  Their sauce is soooo good!   I think it is the best tonkatsu sauce I have had.

See you guys next week :)
HATE  Did not get offered water or drinks until I asked over 5min later.

DISLIKE  Also didn't get a menu as soon as I was sat. The miso soup was a little too salty.

LIKE  The delicious hire and ebi katsu. The amount of food they provide. The Japanese cream puff with red bean. The manager (and/or owner) who served and talked to us.

LOVE  The concept of making your own katsu dipping sauce. Table and food presentation. What they did with the old Rice Trax space - totally transformed it!
I overheard Mark / Mr. Kiyoshi telling someone about his new restaurant while I was getting some things printed at Office Max.  He explained it as a Japanese / Hawaiian spot, so I was immediately interested!  Wasn't quite sure when they were opening as I was just eavesdropping on a conversation, but as soon as it popped up on my yelp "nearby," I had to go and check it out!  My daughter and I went this past Sunday night. 

The decor is awesome with Japanese accents.  I really thought he did a great job. The owner explained that his mom helped with some of the cranes and such. It's clear they put a lot of thought into the decor. I love it!  

We ordered the Katsu curry and asked for chicken instead of pork, as I grew up on chicken Katsu!  My daughter also wanted the edamame and I ordered shishito peppers to start. The peppers were a little crispier than I am used to, but they were delicious.  I would just like to see them cooked down just a little more next time. Delicious, none the less.  My daughter said the edamame was great. 

As we waited for the entree he taught us how to make our own Katsu dipping sauce with sesame seeds. How cool! 

The Katsu arrived quickly after we finished making our sauce. The curry was perfect, exactly what we would expect at any Japanese / Hawaiian restaurant. The crispy Katsu breading was great! Crispy and tasty. The chicken was juicy and not over cooked.  We really loved it! 

The dipping sauce is the best Katsu sauce I've ever had, which is crazy because I have been eating chicken Katsu all of my life!!! 

We left full and very happy. We almost went there for dinner on Monday night (the very next evening) but my daughter decided to go tonight instead (Tuesday) with her friend. 

Love this place! Will definitely be back and I'm sure we will be regulars. Yummy!!
Tonkatsu is a Japanese comfort food commonly prepared at home.  In its simplest preparation, a piece of pork loin is tenderized and the flattened pork is breaded and deep fried until cooked.  It is traditionally served with a tonkatsu sauce, but it is jut as common served with Japanese curry and rice.  However you eat it, a good tonkatsu meal will fill your belly and bring a smile to your face.

At Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, the same Japanese tonkatsu is wonderfully prepared and served here.  And like many of the specialty tonkatsu restaurants in Japan and much of Asia, they offer a variety of different preparations (although the selections overseas is significantly greater than what is available here).

The tonkatsu I have tried thus far have all been fried perfectly, where the pork is still cooked but nice, tender and juicy inside.  It is so flavorful that you don't even really need the tonkatsu sauce (you can customize it by grinding toasted sesame seeds and mix it in with their pre-made tonkatsu sauce).  The portions are good for the price.

On my first visit, i tried their Tonkatsu Donburi. Which is just tonkatsu served over rice in the style of a traditional Oyako Donburi (Mother Daughter Rice Bowl or something like that, because they kinkily served the chicken with the egg. Get it ;P).  It was very good!

One of the things I wish is available is the choice of breading for the tonkatsu.  In Japan and in Taiwan, where I ave visited everything from high end premium tonkatsu restaurants to very good fast food tonkatsu chains, they all have more options than what is available as is on the menu.  It is not a huge thing, but sometimes a little more choices make the customer just that much happier.

The miso soup was excellent too, even though that is never the reason for me to ever go to any restaurant.

For what is available in the area, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is unquestionably the best. (Voicing the same sentiment as Philip T in case it is less obvious in this paraphrasing).

3.75 rounded up to the nearest whole integer equals 4.
We ordered half the menu here and honestly can not say anything really bad. Tonkatsu was prepared jusr right, light and crispy batter. The japanese curry was the best I had in the city. Beef tataki was tasty and tofu, we couldnt get enough. The potato salad had the right amount of dashi and sweetness,  chicken karaagi was slightly salty for my taste. The best part about this place aside from the amazing food, they served everything like how you would get it in Tokyo and you prepare your own katsu sauce. Definetely going on the fav list!
I love it, simple menu, very great food, very great service, worth every penny you spend!!
The Best Tonkatsu we've had since we left Japan 20 year ago !! Good portions for very reasonable price ! My son and wife had the Ebi-fry dinner and I had the Ross Katsu dinner, not greasy at all, the tonkatsu sauce was traditional style using goma, very friendly and fast service, the owner came to our table several times and we had long conversations.
Krazy for Katsu
There are some days where comfort food makes everything better.  I was not in the mood for meatloaf or some heavy fried chicken, even though I was dying for fried food.  On the way home, we stumbled on a small eatery called Tonkatsu Kiyoshi on Jones and Robindale.  Tonkatsu sounded wonderful for dinner.  Crispy, marinated, fried pork was just the thing to make my frown turn upside-down.

Upon entering the small eatery, there are about 3 tables that seat up to six people, and a nice, large counter seating 5.  We sat at the counter and was greeted by a very nice gentleman who explained the menu layout.  The menu is very simple--it's katsu, either chicken, salmon, thick cut pork, or pork tenderloin, ebi furai, curry combos, and apps.  The appetizers are the typical karaage, cucumber and krab meat salad, seared beef with onions and ponzu, and edamame.  We ordered karaage, krab meat salad, and seared beef.

Before the food arrived, the server explained their sauce tray seated in front of us.  There is a container of sesame seeds, one of katsu sauce, hot pepper, salt, pepper, and soy sauce.


We were told to put sesame in the grinding bowl that doubles as our dipping sauce bowl, and to grind the sesame seeds to a powder.

It was quite fun grinding up the sesame seeds and taking in the scent of the nutty oils releasing in the bowl.  We mixed in the katsu sauce and some hot pepper with our chopsticks, then awaited the main course.

The apps came out quickly.  First up was the cucumber salad with krab meat.  It's sweet and tangy from the vinegar, balancing the sweetness of the shredded krab stick.  The cucumber was a nice, crunchy, and fresh element to the app.  It also acts as a great palate cleanser.

For $5 you get a ton of salad.  I almost ate the whole bowl without sharing with my husband.

The next app that arrived was the seared beef with onions and ponzu.  We were told that some people like to roll the onions into the meat then dip, which I tried.

I added in the radish (on the right) and some chives into the sauce, rolled the raw white onions in the meat, then dipped.  It was delicious and very cold, which was refreshing.  The meat was good quality and seared beautifully.

If there is anything in the world I love, it is fried chicken or karaage, and this eatery makes the lightest, crispiest, and most flavorful karaage I have tried in Vegas.  They marinate the meat in mirin, soy, and other ingredients for a day or two, then they lightly batter it with seasoned rice flour and serve with a vinaigrette salad and lemon.  I squeezed lemon over the chicken, gently dropped soy on each piece, and took a bite.  The crispy, light exterior was just heaven.  The salad on the side balanced the hot fried chicken pieces, providing tasty, cool relief from the hot and crispy chicken.  


With a burst of cherry tomato in my mouth mixed in with the salad, this could be a great lunch dish on its own.  Just lovely.

After all those appetizers came the combination plate that I ordered -- fried shrimp with tenderloin katsu.  It's served with Rokkyo (Japanese pickled onions), miso soup, hot rice, and ponzu for the cabbage.

The katsu is served on this awesome metal rack to keep all sides crispy.

The katsu was juicy and crispy, with that lovely coating that wasn't too thick.  The shrimp (ebi furai) was delicious.  I love ebi furai and they make it very well here.  With the cabbage covered in ponzu sauce, some Rokkyo to cut through the richness of the katsu, and some hot rice to compliment everything else, I didn't look up once through the entire meal.  It was just so much fun to dip in the katsu sesame sauce and then reach for rice, then drink some miso to balance everything.  In the end, I raped my plate of all its parts and tapped my tummy in approval.

But what--we cannot end a meal on entree alone.  A light, sweet dessert is required here, and what better to eat than a cream puff.  A cream puff that is made fresh, powdered with sugar, and filled generously with a whipped cream made in-house was the perfect way to end this "ichiban" meal.  The cream was silky and had just the right sweetness, with a puff that wasn't crispy as it was chewy and light.  Perfect ending to my day, indeed.

After paying the good man $56 for 2 drinks. 2 entress, 3 apps, and 2 desserts, my husband and I shuffled our cartoon-like full bellies into the car and headed home to hibernate.  I love places that have simple menus, provide good food and service, are very clean, and are priced well.  Tonkatsu Kiyoshi hits all those marks, which only means that they are on my go-to list when I am in dire need of a katsu, karaage, or ebi furai mix.  Thank you, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, for making my day brighter and my belly full.
mmmm mmmm
The breading/crust on the katsu here is a winner for sure~!!!
Light, crispy, not oily & DELISH.

The restaurant is made up of like 6 tables and a countertop for solo diners. 
You get seated, grind yourself some sesame seeds using the mortar and pestle provided and create your own katsu sauce.. Cool idea but the germaphobe in me got a little creeped out by all the possible sharing of germs that happens during this process since you spoon out the seeds/sauce rather than shake/squeeze out.. Also, do you put the pestle back in its place after using or give it to the server to wash?!?!? 
LOL ok enough with the mortar and pestle ;ppp

-Chicken Katsu ($9) Comes with miso soup, pickled pearl onions, rice, salad & 2 chicken katsu breasts. The chicken katsu was juicy and tender and like I mentioned before the breading was on point. The shredded cabbage salad comes with ponzu dressing which was ok but fills you up without eating the rice. 
-Chicken Katsu with Curry ($12) Comes with miso soup, pickled ginger, rice, 1 chicken katsu breast and curry. The curry has some potatoes and carrots but tastes like something out of a box. I say skip the Katsu Curry plate and just get the Katsu plate because you get more katsu, you get salad & it's cheaper!!! 

Service was friendly. Food took about 10 minutes to come out. I wish they had some zaru soba or udon on their menu & oops I forgot to ask if they have brown rice!
Lost in translation?

What it should be:  A working businessman's meal.  100g-150g of high quality, heritage pork, coated in fresh bread crumbs and fried golden brown.  The small portion is accompanied by AYCE rice and cabbage.  Do it yourself sesame based sauces for the tonkatsu and to dress the cabbage.

What they offer:  A simple menu.  Choice of either the softer, less fatty tenderloin of the slightly more firm loin from an everyday pig.  Served traditionally or as a donburi or with curry.  Rice, miso soup, and cabbage completes the meal (not AYCE).  Make your own sauce, grinding your sesame seeds and mixing in the house sauce which has a good dark soy background and hints of plum perfume.  

What I got:  Tried both the tenderloin and loin.  An oily, excessively thick eggy crust of not freshly made breadcrumbs (taste like store bought panko) surrounding an over cooked piece of pork.  Hawaii yeeps, think L&L quality.

Ultimately it's better than your average plate lunch place and not a bad deal for the novelty and price.  Tonkatsu snobs, look elsewhere.
I'm not a big tonkatsu fan/snob in general, but this place has definitely made me a believer. Something about how they cook things, prepare things, treat their customers... it all just works together! The breading they use is fresh, which makes any leftovers still amazing the next day (none of that hardened meat or crust here), and trust me, I hate leftovers, but here, they work! The owners are a super sweet family that remembered us from our first visit (including remembering that we over order and need to-go boxes) and are extremely attentive. I honestly love everything about this place, from the presentation of their dishes, to the little touches they add to make your visit comfortable and welcoming. Their menu isn't extensive, but what they do have, they do it well and with love. I prefer the chicken katsu, but I was eyeing the shrimp on my last visit, so I'll have to do their combo chicken/shrimp next. My fiance prefers the pork katsu and also raved about the quality of their curry. The couple next to us was talking about how the water here is really good.. and I actually have to agree! I really also enjoy their hot tea, which the owner told us was his favorite tea from the first Japanese restaurant he worked at. I already can't wait to go back again!

Side note: I've been really bad at writing reviews and posting pics lately, but this place has inspired me to write again. Great products and service deserve to be talked about, and sometimes that's overshadowed by internal/external ranting and raving about crappy places.
Its a really good experience, great and good quality food, a really nice service, the owners are so nice and Maria she explain us how they make the food, how they like to do their own cuts of meat to have a better results and that only use fresh food. Its like home made.
Just opened up about 8 weeks now. The curry katsu is pretty legit. Have to say that my wife and I like this place a lot. The portions are good sized. Not huge but not small either. Id say just right. The way they make the katsu here it's nice thick and moist. Not dry like other places. Also a big bonus. The bathrooms are very clean.  The melon soda is also awesome as a small after meal dessert.
Heard about this place from my boyfriend and all his (foodie) roommates as they live really close to this new place. Funny thing is they, initially, came here for Rice Trax - the local Hawaiian spot that was previously there.
They raved about the chicken karaage and his instagram video of his DIY tonkatsu sauce intrigued me. 

Luckily, my brother and his family took me here for a belated birthday lunch. 
Decorated with those "good luck" bamboo plants/trees, various Asian prints and curtains. What a difference interior design makes in a place...It's hard to believe that Rice Trax was here.
 
Of course, the 1st thing I did when I sat was make my very own tonkatsu sauce. Kinda fun as I've never used a mortar before. My nephew (who doesn't like sauces of any sort) even had me make some for him.

We ordered the katsu curry, chicken karaage, beef tatake, edamame, and salmon katsu. 
- Beef tataki was the winner for me. Seared beef and ponzu sauce are always a win.
- Chicken karaage had a nice breading on it, which also made for crispy "fried chicken." But, the chicken wasn't burnt. Thin pieces of chicken which made for fairly juicy chicken.
- Katsu curry was nice. Wish the curry was a little more spicy but nothing a few chili peppers (on the side) can't solve.
- Salmon curry was breaded as nicely as the chicken karaage and katsu. Salmon was pretty thick and didn't fall apart when bitten. The best part of that salmon katsu was the salad that came with it. Standard Asian cabbage/slaw but, the yuzo/ponzu dressing was amazing! The owners came by to give us more dressing =)
- Pickled onions, cucumbers on the side were delish. You can tell the freshness and that it was homemade. The owners were telling us that they get many requests for kim chee so, that may be a possibility.

Overall great experience an the food was very good. Nice to have a tonkatsu spot in the area as tonkatsu this good is few and far between.
Service was great. You can tell it's a family run business and the owners take pride in the food they serve!
OMG this place is so amazing, the food is so delicious, and the price for the portion and the quality is totally worth it. The staff are very friendly. I m so happy we finally have a great tonkatsu place like this in Vegas
One word sums it all, YUM!!! I'm definitely coming back. I chose the Rosu katsu, which was very tender and cooked just right. Not oily at all. I love the cabbage salad that comes with the entree, very refreshing. My son loved their Tori Katsu. So this place is definitely approved by him. 
Service was wonderful and the staff was very friendly. Last but not least, the melon float was fabulous!
Sorry no photos this time. I forgot and devoured all my food ;)
Simply amazing. True Hawaiian Japanese. The hire tonkatsu is so tender and prepared just perfectly. Must try it!
Noticed the new joint but just had the chance to check it out today. I did a pick up. Normally, I would love to dine in esp when it's my first time. I ordered the Pork and Ebi katsu combo! All I can say is I wasn't really a big fan of katsus but man once you bite down everything is perfect. Good crunch and tenderness in the meat. :) They also have good curry! I love japanese curry and I reccomend theirs! I just wonder if they have the other pickled stuff besides ginger. I'm definitely coming back!
Ey yo guys, real talk, this place is GAF! They know how to make their katsu hands down. I went with my mom to try this place out because my mom is always down to eat Korean or Japanese food with me, so why not right? I heard about this place from some other yelpers and I was not disappointed! 

One thing I saw pictures of was grinding your own sesame seeds and putting in your sauce or something, so I was curious. What you do is grab a bowl, put in some sesame seeds, and you grind it yourself! You can grind it to the consistency of your desire and I thought this was a fun little activity to do while we waited for our food. 

I ordered some karaage with my mom, and surprisingly, it was not greasy or too oily, it was actually really good. The outside was really crispy and the inside was soft. This is a highly recommended appetizer! When our actual entrees came out, it comes with the meat you ordered, rice, soup, and a salad. I ordered the pork and I don't remember the name of it because there were two pork katsu items with different names... But they are the same thing, that's what the server told me. I was confused and so I ended up getting whatever that was. My mom got the chicken and my mom got double the meat I did it seemed, for a dollar less. Nothing to complain about there, just get the chicken next time! Like saw their combos, but from the pictures, I didn't think the extra piece of shrimp was worth the 5 bucks, so I passed. 

The food was amazing my gosh! The breading was so crispy and the meet was tender and juicy. This is definitely the place to get your katsu fix! You might miss the turn though because it's not in a big plaza, but if your food is good, people will find it, and you will find those people. 

Give this place a visit!
Their tenderloin was so tender and juicy inside, yet crispy and light on the outside. Not to mention with the freshly grind sesame sauce! YUM on all levels! Plus the price is very good for such a big portion. Definitely will come back with friends again~
Absolutely scrumptious tonkatsu and a very unique grind your own sesame seeds fresh to make a fabulous dipping sauce experience. 

Basically, the food is delicious. If you try this restaurant out, you'll have a very enjoyable experience.
I loved this place.  I ordered the katsu donburi and they made it so good.  The service was also excellent.  They are super friendly and so nice.  I went the second time with boyfriend and we ordered a take out of a large pan of chicken katsu.  They were awesome in catering to what we wanted.
I have been waiting for a restaurant that is worth writing a review!!!& this is it. I have been so many places through yelp, but this is one and only place that is trult not disappointing and worth going to!
Fried food, while delicious, is not my go-to choice. So when we were heading here I was questioning the decision. Really? We're going to yet another low quality place that deep fries the cheapest meat they could find and serves it with rice for $10?

Wrong. I did not know this place was legit. Prices are a couple dollars up, but what you get is much, much better than your run-of-the-mill fried meat spot.

First of all, there is a little container of sesame seeds that you can crush up and mix with katsu sauce to make a very savory and rich dipping sauce for your katsu. It is delicious. Get it ready, because you're going to have some of the best katsu you've ever had.

Our dish of pork was served with a high pile of shredded cabbage (?), some rice, and a dressing for the cabbage. The pork itself was breaded and cooked absolutely perfectly. Seriously. The pork was extremely tender and juicy. The crunch on the outside was perfect because it wasn't too hard, or too greasy. Just right. I couldn't believe I was actually enjoying it.

I couldn't give a bigger endorsement than that. Give them a try.
best tonkatsu in town
cute place and great service
I will go back again for sure
I ordered the curry Katsu and man it was delicious. My girlfriend ordered the shrimp Katsu and she actually finished a meal. She usually takes it home but she said it was so good she couldn't put it down.
My boyfriend and I went for dinner last night and the food was great!  I had the curry katsu and my boyfriend had the salmon and shrimp katsu.  The tonkatsu itself was perfectly cooked, not dry and not oily.  The curry was also really good, it didn't taste like a reheated mix version.  I also got the Japanese potato salad which was really delicious!  We will definitely go back again!
THE ART OF TONKATSU

A few of the reviews have references of old country tonkatsu mastery and hometown expectations. I'm uneducated when it comes to the history and deconstruction of a tonkatsu.  I only followed what the table of overseas Japanese did for their tonkatsu. They grounded the sesame seeds and added the house made slightly sweet tonkatsu sauce. Who knows if I had mixed the grounded sesame and sauce in the proper bowl. 

Yes, the ambiance is minimus Japanese with no hint of 808 origin except when Mike spoke to us and asked what we thought of his tonkatsu and provided a little bit of the history of the restaurant.  He had mentioned that we were sitting in the original Rice Trax that's now further up the street and how it took a little more than a year of searching to decide on this location. So Hawaiian follows Hawaiian.  But that's where the similarity stops.

I've tried many of LAS Japanese, Korean, Hawaiian and Chinese so called tonkatsu hotspots and as for comparison Tonkatsu Kiyoshi simply runs away with top honors.

From the scent of the freshly grounded sesame seeds, slightly sweet flavor of tonkatsu sauce, presentation of our meal on a tray, skill of preparation, consistency of light greaseless crust encasing the very eveningly cooked moist pork and huge tiger prawns, finely shaved cabbage salad with dressing, pickled scallion, dab of yellow mustard, slice of lemon and fresh bowl of steamy rice, I was most impressed from the very first bite and all the way to the satisfying last bite. I took no prisoners in the process.

I have only high praises for this restaurant that feeds me great tasting tonkatsu in my own backyard.
This place is delicious! You can mix their tonkatsu with as many sesame seeds as you want. I ordered the Katsu donburi. They brought out a huge bowl of rice, egg and pork tonkatsu. It even comes with miso soup! The miso soup even has a rich taste. The bowl is very filling as well. They even check up on us on how the food was. I'm definitely coming back here!
This is one of my favorite places we've discovered since moving to Las Vegas. The Katsu Curry is the perfect meal for a chilly day. And Las Vegas has been really chilly lately! It's a generous portion of beautifully fried (Yes, Japanese food can be beautiful even if it's fried. Educate yourself and rent these movies - Jiro Dreams of Sushi, The Ramen Girl, and Tampopo) pork tenderloin with a delicious curry sauce with chunks of potato and carrot over white rice. You also get a bowl of miso soup. It's the perfect hearty meal that will warm you up and leave your tummy so satisfied. If my tummy could talk it would tell me how happy it is. Having traveled to Japan twice and eating my way through the country, I'll vouch that the Katsu Curry is just like in Japan. It's one of those menu items that is so good that you order it every time. One of these days I'll have to force myself to try something else on the menu to mix it up. The service is very nice and the restaurant is very clean and neat. The times we've been there, we noticed Japanese patrons - always a good sign at a Japanese restaurant! They have highchairs for the kiddies. They have Calpico on their beverage menu which is fun. It's a popular Japanese soft drink. Want to finish off your meal with something sweet? Get a scoop of red bean or green tea ice cream for dessert. I LOVE this place and it is a perfect 5 stars for me.
For those of you from NYC, I think the Katsu Curry here is way better than at Curry-Ya on East 10th Street.
Hey now! KATSU CURE! I have been around the world this place is worth the visit ask the staff how to make your sesame seed sauce if it's your first time KATSUING! This is NOT a sushi bar. My Thai wife and  2 yr old had the Katsu specials pork, chicken and shrimp. YUM!  Heads-up they do have a counter for single seating and I think a total of 6 or 7 tables. We will be back for sure.  **No beer yet coming soon aka Clark County Government Delay!!
I think I've already been here a dozen times in the last month, I'm addicted.  The extremely crispy, light and fresh tonkatsu is the best I've had. Its just so good!  You won't regret it! The atmosphere is great, people are friendly and the food is delicious!!!
This place is super cute! Very authentic feel. I had the tonkatsu donburi, soooo good! The meat was fried perfectly so there was a nice crunch but still very juicy inside. The egg and rice was also very tasty. I like how it came with a couple shisito peppers too. The option to make your own sauce is interesting and appreciated. Will defiantly be back when I'm craving some good katsu!
I am so happy I stumbled upon Tonkatsu Kiyoshi today!  I live in Los Angeles, and with all the Japanese who live there,  we have no restaurants that serve just tonkatsu.  This is hands down the best tonkatsu I have eaten in my life!

The pork, chicken, and shrimp are perfectly cooked. The breading is perfectly fried and crispy, not greasy at all.  Every table has a condiment tray with two mini mortars and pestles in which you grind white sesame seeds and add tonkatsu sauce.  What a perfect touch!  They even give you rakkyo (pickled scallions) with your dish.  Very authentic.  The miso soup was delicious, too.  The finely shaved mountain of cabbage with a light and delicate yuzu (Japanese citrus) dressing is a perfect accompaniment to the meat.

If you have room, try one of the homemade desserts, beautifully prepared by Kiyoshi's wife.  Today, I had the raspberry yuzu panecotta, and it was the bomb!

In addition to delicious food, the restaurant is decorated with homey Japanese touches that make it a very comfortable place to enjoy one of the tastiest comfort foods of Japan--warm woods, good luck cats, and homey framed artwork.

This is the perfect example of a restaurant that has chosen one dish to excel in.  Small menu with every choice a winner.  The piece de la resistance?  A friendly proprietor and excellent service!  Now if only Kiyoshi would open an L.A. outpost!
Their Katsu are thick cut and just about right coated! Their white rice is cooked to the perfection and their miso soup is just as delicious! Best part when you are dining is grinding your own  sesame seeds to the mix of the katsu sauce!
Verdict: Best Katsu in Vegas. Hands down. 

Not only are the cuts of meat made up of actual meat (as opposed to the other places that over-bread), but it's cooked to a masterful crispy-brown perfection each and every time.

I also enjoyed having the ability of creating my own sauce, which to my surprise, wasn't such a hard thing to "get right". 

The miso soup was a warm and very welcome addition to the meal, and the cabbage salad was cool and refreshing with every mouthful of food I inhaled. 

I will definitely be coming back when my next Katsu craving comes around!
By far BEST KATSU in Vegas! These guys pretty much do one thing and that one thing is amazing!
Clean rest, quick service, good prices and the curry is so good. The Tonkatsu was crunchy but not greasy at all.
The food is very good. I ordered pork curry, it is very crispy, and it's better than any pork curry that I have had in LA. I am so surprised. 
I hope they can one in LA. It gonna be very popular. 

And the price is very reasonable.
Katsu curry is BOmB! The proteins are fried to perfection not super greasy like other places. Curry is delicious just as good as the Curry House in Hawaii.  Definitely my go to place for katsu from now on.
My sister and I were debating between restaurants and finally settled on Tonkatsu Kiyoshi. We took a little long in deciding and ended up arriving at 9:55- they close at 10. I really didn't want to be THAT jerk, but I was so set on katsu at this point that I poked my head in and asked if they were still open and they graciously gave us a table. The owners here are from Hawaii and the service definitely reflects that- genuine, helpful, and you can tell they take pride in what they're putting out.

The potato salad we started with was more vinegary than I'm used to for Japanese style, but delicious nonetheless. It was smooth with cubes of crisp apple and cucumber throughout, and distinctly eggy from the shredded egg lacing through it.

The katsu was a work of art, truly. Perfectly cooked cal rose rice with crispy golden sliced katsu over the top. My sister had the chicken and ebi combo while I opted for the katsu curry. Miso soup comes with all meals here, and it was definitely a robust version. 
The chicken and shrimp came with cabbage salad with Yuzu to dress it on the side, as well as some pickled shallots. The cabbage salad was a perfect fresh compliment to the crunchy fried katsu goodness. Everything was cooked perfectly and the shrimp were gigantic and absolutely incredible! The menu stated that they use black tiger prawns and they weren't kidding.
The katsu curry was very flavorful and the curry itself was thick and could stand up on its own. This dish came simply with pickled ginger and was enormous! All portions here are enough to make two meals out of, unless the katsu is so overwhemingly addicting that you just eat until you pseudo-hate yourself.

Being that it was my first time here, I was a noob to the whole sauce bit. I've never ground my own sesame for katsu sauce, it's just always arrived with my meal! The waitress saw me and came over to explain how it worked and got it started for me. She also had to open my bottle of Ramune for me =( A+ for service, but next time I come in I'll be pro!
We were in a rush and had a craving for Katsu.  WOW!  Best Katsu in town.  We have been here for 25 years and this is it.  We always had a complaint about something about the Katsu when we have eaten out at different locations. This is the first time we walked out saying that was really good.  Nice size portions for the price.      I have to admit that it was better then my mother in law's, who has been cooking Katsu since her days in Japan and Hawaii.  Loved the potato salad and shishito peppers.   Great service, very friendly staff, and food arrived quickly.  Highly recommend this place!
The tonkatsu is delicious here. It's perfectly crisp, comes in supersized (or should I say perfect) portions, and the sauce is amazing. You can make your own combination of katsu sauce with sesame seeds as both are available on tubs topping the tables. Be sure to crush your sesame seeds for maximal flavor explosion. The curry tonkatsu option also really hits the spot if you're in the mood for that. Among the appetizers I've tried, the Beef Tataki and Edamame were pretty good. But a darkhorse: the Japanese potato salad, is the real winner in my eyes. The owner and servers are always really nice and attentive. Definitely a great place to check out off the strip.

P.S. No alcohol license yet. When it comes, watch out. Beer mania.
If you want katsu this.is the place to eat..you can taste the difference from l&l katsu..plus you get to make your own sauce where you mix katsu sauce with sesame seeds..I will also say that the shrimp katsu is bomb the shrimp are tiger prawns so they are nice and big but they cook it just right..all I can hope for is that this place stays consistent
Wow!  I never expected to have a very-close-to-the-real-thing-in-Japan tonkatsu in LV!  I made a special trip from the north and am so glad I did :). Definitely going to be on my top list of restaurants in LV.
this place is great. After coming here a couple of times, I decided this is the local mom and pop restaurant that i'm fully supporting. The katsu is very good. The katsudon and the japanese katsu curry is even better. The prices are also very reasonable. Being able to make your own katsu sauce is something i haven't done anywhere else. Definitely will be coming back to this place over and over. If they ever add a tv, and get their liquor license, I might be there every night!
This place was a very pleasant surprise for the first week of classes: great atmosphere, amazing food, huge portions, and cheap prices. The people are very friendly too - give a good tip!
Yelp...you never seem to fail me! Another great food adventure on behalf of yelpers. 

Hubs and I both ordered the Tonkatsu sandwich, which comes with a nice side of Japanese potato salad (didn't know there was such a thing), and a bowl of miso soup. Little man (4 y.o.) had the karaage chicken.

Service was fast and nondescript. 

Each guest gets a mortar and pestle to grind up sesame seeds for their katsu sauce - gave us something to do while we waited for our food and was a fun activity for little man.

The Tonkatsu sandwiches...huge, tender, and just the right amount of crispness. Japanese potato salad...pretty tasty, coming from someone that doesn't like apples (has small chunks in the potato salad). And yes, weird I'm not a fan of apples. 

Good miso soup, nice flavor and didn't seem like it came from instant miso packets; seemed like the same quality you get at sushi restaurants. 

Karaage chicken...not as tasty, but this is in comparison to the tasty as heck Tonkatsu. Little man seemed to like it though, basic enough to order for kids. If your little one is a picky eater, just ask that they put the chicken on a separate plate because the order usually comes with a little salad and places the chicken on a bed of cabbage. The actual katsu entree portions looked huge, so next time I'll probably just share an entree with little man. I could barely get thru the sandwich! 

We'll be back!!
Awesome all around, food and service is on point!!! I had the katsu curry and it was the best I found in vegas yet!!! I will definitely be back again, and I only live up the road...
This was a great hole-in-the-wall that we found from a co-worker recommendation.

Breaded fried pork cutlet sounds delicious to begin with, but I was not prepared for how well Tonkatsu Kiyoshi executed on the dish and at such value! You get two big pork cutlets with a standard order. They are fork-tender and served on a little rack to prevent sogginess and ensure maximum crispiness! They also offer a combo plate for a couple bucks more which comes with 2 cutlets plus 2 giant crispy, tender shrimp. And did I mention that every main course comes with miso soup and white rice as well? I really enjoyed the tonkatsu & japanese curry, which adds a nice mild spice to the dish.

A unique part of the meal is the grind-you-own sesame seeds for the "bbq" sauce. The sesame seeds mellow out the flavor of the sauce, which starts out a bit tangy like A1 + BBQ Sauce + Worcestershire Sauce. As you customize the flavor to your liking, it's fun to have different people at the table all tweak their sauces differently then share and compare.

On a final note, they have a nice selection of appetizers in the $3-6 range and authentic Japanese tea (Asahi beer coming soon!). 2 people, 2 apps, 2 drinks, the 2 biggest entrees, and 2 full & happy customers came to $40. Fast and attentive service and unbelievable food has put this restaurant on my "must visit" list. I've already recommended it to everybody that I know!
I love this place!! I have been here several times with my family and they recognize us now.  Hubs always orders the Katsu Donburi and I usually get the hire katsu (pork).  I haven't tried the curry yet (I am surprised).  Their katsu is so crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  The sides that come with it are yummy, too.  I hope this place stays around for a long time.
When I was in Asia I was a little obsessed with this katsu house and ate there once a week with my mom. It made me think that I didn't know where exceptional katsu was and behold - I came home and this was newly opened! Wishes answered! 

The BF and I got the Hire (pork tenderloin) and the Rosu (thick cut pork loin) to compare the two tonkatsu offerings. We both liked the hire better which is thinner sliced, a bit more tender and had more crunch to meat ratio. The rosu is good if you like a meatier, pork chop type cut. If pork isn't your thing, they have seafood and chicken katsu offerings.

Each meal comes with thin shaved cabbage with a refreshing yuzu dressing, lovely sticky rice, rakkyo pickles, and a stronger than average miso soup. It makes for a simple and comforting meal. I thought the portions were good as we were both comfortably full. Your katsu sauce is a interactive type thing. You grind your sesame seeds and mix with the katsu sauce to your liking from a tray on your table. I don't know if it is homemade sauce, but I thought it was balanced flavor. 

Service was friendly and decent. There was chatter of Japanese patrons enjoying their meal which was comforting. It definitely is one of the better katsu to be had in this city, quite on par with some favorites I have outside of Vegas. Most definitely will be back!
Their katsu is the best i've ever had, so juicy and tender. Service never let me down, very friendly and everything comes out fresh and hot.
Hire katsu are just delicious! Juicy pork and not overly cooked like most japanese restaurant. Love the fact you can grind your own sesame seeds with the tonkatsu sauce. Very authentic way to serve! Also have to try their curry. Pork cutlet with the curry is just the perfect combination.
The absolute perfect lunch. After making sure I was totally aware of what Katsu is we ordered the Black Tiger Shrimp Katsu. This followed delicious Edaname, a awesome Crab Cucumber Salad and a delightful little fried pepper appetizer. The Katsu platter arrived to our amazement it was BEAUTIFUL and the shrimp were amazing! Very fresh and not greasy plus the fresh cabbage accompaniment with steamed rice and pickled scallions were refreshing and unique. Katsu is a hand breaded choice of pork (the specialty), chicken or shrimp. I forgot to mention it also arrived with a phenomenal miso soup that if a fan this one rocked! Excellent service and a delightful owner,Mark, with years in hospitality makes this neighborhood restaurant my top Vegas choice to date! We are huge foodies and visit for 1-2 weeks each year- value $25 for everything mentioned with bottled water and quality make this restaurant a real winner!
Being Japanese I have a natural craving to eat amazing Japanese food! It's rare to find something so good that rivals even the best in Japan! But I must say this tonkastu is one of the best I've had in a long time! The Hire Katsu (thinner cut of pork) and Rosu Kastu (thicker cut of pork) are both prepared perfectly with just the right amount of panko breading and very tender.

If it's your first time visiting this place, I would recommend the Hire over the Rosu Katsu as most of you will probably enjoy a thinner pork cut. The shrimp Kastu is a must! I wouldn't be suprised if these were more tiger prawns than typical jumbo shrimp as they are huge! Good thing they have a Hire & Shrimp Katsu combo ($15.00).  

As far as the Chicken Katsu goes, I'd give it a 3.5/5 so I wouldn't recommend trying this on your first trip. 

All in all, I give this place a 4/5. Amazing Kastu but it's can be a bit pricey. Happy Eating Folks!
The absolute perfect lunch. After making sure I was totally aware of what Katsu is we ordered the Black Tiger Shrimp Katsu. This followed delicious Edaname, a awesome Crab Cucumber Salad and a delightful little fried pepper appetizer. The Katsu platter arrived to our amazement it was BEAUTIFUL and the shrimp were amazing! Very fresh and not greasy plus the fresh cabbage accompaniment with steamed rice and pickled scallions were refreshing and unique. Katsu is a hand breaded choice of pork (the specialty), chicken or shrimp. I forgot to mention it also arrived with a phenomenal miso soup that if a fan this one rocked! Excellent service and a delightful owner,Mark, with years in hospitality makes this neighborhood restaurant my top Vegas choice to date! We are huge foodies and visit for 1-2 weeks each year- value $25 for everything mentioned with bottled water and quality make this restaurant a real winner!
This place serves the best tonkatsu and chicken katsu we've ever had to date and we've had plenty.  At first glance, prices seems a bit high for just katsu.  However, once you get your first bite you'll get why.  The other standout thing about Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is that you can make your own katsu sauce.  Put the sesame in the rough bowl and grind away using the pestle.  Scoop the base into smooth bowl, pour the ground sesame, and stir.  Season to taste.  Simply awesome!
The best Pork Katsu I've ever had!!!  My daughter had the Chicken which was good, but not as good as the Hire Pork Loin Katsu!!  I already wanna go back for more!
So I found this little gem of a place in the south west part of town. I love the ambiance, and most importantly i love their tonkatsu! I have not tried the curry one yet because i always order the same think, either chicken or pork tonkatsu!. The breading is light and crunchy and not greasy at all! I love how they plate the food and i love how you get to grind your own sesame seeds and mix it with the tonkatsu sauce, add a little lemon to it and it is absolutely divine! I am not big on cabbage that gets served with it, so they actually let me customize my order and exchange for more rice instead! Customer service is good, i think its because the owner tries to make it a point to always greet their customers coming and going, only one comment though, the single server that is working the shift kind of moves too slow and fails to acknowledge you if you need anything else, but hey that was only one time. Also the only thing that irks me a little is that they open your can of soda and pour it in a glass for you, which is just not my preference, but hey i wont let that spoil my party! I definitely will go back to this place, it is definitely worth the drive just so i can taste the best tonkatsu in las vegas! And as a cherry on top, prices are reasonable as well!
This is the definitely the best Tonkatsu in Vegas.  Don't order a Tonkatsu at your neighborhood AYCE sushi spot and if you do then after you eat this you will never go back.   

The cutlet is crisp, juicy, cooked perfectly, highly addictive, and will fill your tummy.  I like to either get the Pork/Ebi Shrimp combo or the Donburi.  For the Donburi you can switch out with the Hire or the Rosu or you can get chicken.  I try to always get pork since that is their logo ya know....

Not a fan of their beef tataki - if you want that go down the street to Soho.  But when it comes to Tonkatsu there's currently no other place in vegas that comes close and this place just happens to be down the street from me so i'll be a regular!
Came over at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi recommended by Family, the place is a hole in the wall, however the place is definitely a Gem. the Restaurant is really clean and only serve tonkatsu. Since they only serve tonkatsu, they do this really well.

We have  only tried Hawaiian style tonkatsu but this place has a different take on their tonkatsu, they serve it with grounded sesame seed with tonkatsu sauce, the cabbage that comes along with tongkatsu is splendid, its a nice pairing of deep fried meats and salad with ginger miso dressing. 

This place is definitely   must try.
OH MY GOD THE SHRIMP. That's all I can say to sum up this meal.

Okay fine, it wasn't just the shrimp that made this meal a 5-star experience. It was everything in between. 

From the melon float (reminds me of a childhood staple drink back home that I couldn't exactly pinpoint) but it was sooo damn good.

To the "self-made" katsu sauce with the pounded sesame seeds. 

To the ginger sauce that made my "non-vegetable-eating" girlfriend devour the whole salad that came with her meal.

Down to the little rack that the breaded pig and shrimp rested on while waiting to be ingested. EVERYTHING. Oh yeah, I ate the rack too. Hahaha 

JK. Come eat here if you haven't. Now, really 'nuff said.
Try this place now! If you are in the south part of Vegas south of the 215, this is a great place to stop and try.  We drove out here to try it out from Henderson and it was totally worth it. As usual, I read reviews before trying this place out / driving 15 miles and the reviews of Rod U, Lawrence C and Jennifer D caused me to be quite ready for this evening's quest.

a. Normally - I am normally getting Tonkatsu or Chicken Katsu from a place like L and L Hawaiian.  Oddly, there was an L and L a few blocks away from this place.  While I find it extremely convenient to get it from L and L, I also know it is like me getting chow mein or fried rice at Panda.  Edible, comforting, but just not the same.  Here at TK, this is the real deal in Tonkatsu.

b.  Ahhh Curry - There are a few pleasures in foodie life and Japanese Curry is one of them. I love all types of curry, = Thai, Indian, Chinese, Japanese.  From the hottest to the mildest.  However, I find that the Japanese Curry like what they have here is simply the best. If you like mild curry over rice with carrots and potatoes, this is it.

c.  Miso Soup - I pretty much always have miso paste at home and make plenty of variations of miso soup from hearty vegetables soup to your basic miso.  I consider myself a Miso fan and the miso here is pretty darn good. Finished mine and most of my wives.  Yep, and I slurped it all without using a spoon.  Just slurped away and used the chopsticks.  Now, while I am not Japanese, I find that eating the soup like they do in Japan, by putting your mouth to the bowl and drinking, using the chopsticks for the bits you cannot swaggle down is a great way to enjoy the soup. Here the soup was just right. Be sure to chuggle it down while it is hot. I also keep getting spell check warnings here, so I am sure swaggle and chuggle are not words but that is what comes to mind with this Miso Soup.

d.  The TK Sauce - What am I to do with the sesame seed and the tonkatsu sauce, mortar and pestle?  See, I have been trained to eat tonkatsu at L and L and am used to having the sauce in a little plastic takeaway thingamajig.  Here you get to pour out a good spoonful or so of sesame seed, and use the pestle to grind down the seeds to mix it with the sauce.  That was fun and since I did not have a clue, I had to ask the waitress how on rudimentary tonkatsu sauce preparation.  I am so glad I did, i love learning about foods and processes and tradition. And, this was FUN!

e.  What to order - I was totally befuddled in what to order. While my wife ordered the "Hire" tonkatsu, I was stuck between the Hire,, the Ebi and the Curry. Reading the reviews and all, I wanted to try them all.  So, I asked the waitress, what to do what to do.  See, there relatively small but perfect menu did not have this combo on it.  So she said, order the Hire, Ebi, Curry combo.  Yep, they said they could put that together no problem!  That was cool.

Hire Katsu - Plenty big portion and very tender and crispy, light and delicate.  I really enjoyed it, okay, compared to my norm and limited experience.

Miso Soup, Shaved Cabbage, Scallion and a sauce for the cabbage round out this dish. All was just right. I could have ate a bunch more of the pickled scallion, Rakkyo, they give you.

Curry - The plate was in a yin yang fashion with Japanese rice on the yin and the curry on the yang.  Then, a bit of Hire Katsu and Ebi Katsu on the rice.  If you are ancient like I am, it was like that old tootsie pop commercial where the kid is trying to find out how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop.  (See this youtube if you are too young).  Anyhoo,  I was pretty darn anxious to get to the curry and rice so I am not sure but I did a David Copperfield on the Ebi and Hire Katsu and they disappeared quickly. Then I got to the curry and rice.  I have not been eating white rice for a long time and here I made an exception because this was like the best ono thing to do!

Hot Tea - I ordered hot tea and got an ever filling cup of ocha, that was pretty darn good.  Could have been a bit hotter, but it was full of flavor.

f.  How about that service - Now, the last place I was at, was Bachi Burger for the wifey's birthday and well, the service from the maitre'd, shift manager and server was absolutely horrendous, I can tell you that the service here is the exact opposite!  WE have very attentive service, from the host, the waitress, to the big guy checking on us.  I mean, I felt like I was at a five star dining service or flying first class on Singapore Airlines.  It was just right. 

In the end, we were so happy with the food, the service, the experience, we actually ordered two more dishes for take out. We are thinking about sharing this with the kids who were out with friends while we were basking in the glories of tonkatsu delight.

Three - That is how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop!
Took my aunt and uncle from Hawaii to dinner here last week. Everything was delicious! The portions were pretty big and the staff was super attentive. Next time I will be trying the Japanese potato salad.
The LV Weekly makes this place sound like the King of Katsus, quite the contrary. The misled critique of flavorful and delicious cutlets from the LV Weekly now loss my confidence of their weekly recommendations.
Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is located in a desolate shopping center, but has an impressive decor.  Service is lacking expertise or help. The presentation is excellent, but the meals lack flavor and balance except for the miso soup, salad dressing, and pickled onions. The ebi fry(shrimp fried) was ordinary in taste, but huge and beautiful. The Tonkatsu(fried pork cutlet) lacked flavor and one slice of my order was not fully cooked leaving me the taste of blood that I saw on the only piece i didn't consume.
The side of curry was interesting in taste, but too salty or not balanced in flavor. The chicken karaage was pretty, but it tasted ordinary. The pickled onion and salad with ginger dressing was excellent, but the gohan(rice) didn't taste like the silky pearls of Japan. The japanese potato salad was okay. The miso soup was again soothing to the meal.
I frequent Japan every month and I will not return here because it makes me yearn for the truely flavorful Katsus in taste and balance even more and I don't need the tonkatsu sauce when I eat it.
Generous portion, friendly waiters, clean dining room (semi open kitchen I guess?) and authentic Katsu!! Menu is small but they do it RIGHT! Thank you for choosing the location so close to my house, now I will never want to move. Good job!
Best Katsu in Vegas. and its right by my house! win win!
Placed an order for pick up. Very tasty pork cutlet. One of the best katsu I have ever had.
Recommended:
Shishito Peppers
Chicken Karaage
Any of the katsus

Easily the best katsu in town.
Great place! Love the Katsu. Never been a fan of the apps or dessert, but always a solid choice as far as entrees go. 

Definitely worth checking out if you're a katsu fan.
Small, friendly, clean and beyond delicious.  The chicken katsu with curry is definitely a MUST TRY! generous portions and super flavorful. The location is accessible and great for groups. Prices are very reasonable and the service is on point. Family owned and operated and they truly show their passion in their presentation. When we are in town we will be back for sure.
Omg!  Their curry is the bomb!  The katsu rocks.  Their sauces are homemade and delicious.
That this less-than-six-month-old restaurant has over 100 awesome yelp reviews tells you everything you need to know.  This place is a gem.  Even though it's not in Japan and in a newish strip mall in the Las Vegas area, this place reminded me of my time living in Japan. They specialize in Japanese panko-covered fried food, and they do it very well.  Their food is fresh and homemade.  And it's very reasonable.

We tried the pork hire-katsu, chicken katsu, katsukare (pork with curry sauce), chicken kara-age, Japanese potato salad, crab and cucumber salad, and shishito peppers.  All excellent.

The owners are terrific too and are worth supporting.

Since we escaped the overpriced halls of Mandalay Bay to come to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, based on the strength of the Yelp reviews, we couldn't have been more satisfied with our meal.  Whether you are local or a tourist, get thee to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi.

PS We loved this place so much that we went twice!
You know how they say don't knock it until you try it. Well they also say trust your gut instinct, first intuition,  or something like that. I was excited when I first noticed that Tonkatsu Kiyoshi was opening up. I wasn't so excited when I saw their menu and prices online and had no desire to go. One day I was driving around and craved something katsu, with so many options for katsu I decided to finally give these guys a shot since most reviews sounded like I was losing out on something good. 

After entering I squinted my eyes and saw a nicer looking Rice Trax, the business this location was previously known for. And took a seat at the counter and started to really look at the menu, still very pricey for katsu. I dunno I had the pork katsu with eggs and rice. It was by far the worst things I've ever eaten. I couldn't finish half the little bowl and actually vomited it out when I went back to work. It tasted spoiled or just had a very different taste than what I'd expected, it was funny tasting. 

Probably the only positive things I liked about the place nicely presented decorations on the table. You're suppose to grind up sesame seeds and add sauce to make your own katsu sauce which was interesting. I had to ask what's that cause I dont eat at katsu houses, I'm sure I wasn't the only one. A little more customer service would be nice, I really felt like they just wanted my money. Surprisingly they're from Hawaii. When I was done I walked to the door, paused, waited a second for a thank you that didn't come, and left, removing another bookmark for a business I'd never be back to anytime soon.

Maybe it was a bad day!?
I had meetings in Las Vegas all day and was about to fly back out. We had time to stop for something to eat, and picked this place. What a great choice. The curry was awesome. The appetizers were great. They were helpful and friendly. I'd love to go back and eat there again. I had a chicken and shrimp dish, and it was great. My parents had different items, (I sampled) they were good. Brother had the curry, that was so good.

Give this place a try, you won't be sorry. Wonderful food.
I am no expert in Katsu or Japanese food for the most part. But I can recognize great cuisine when it hits my taste buds. This place Tonkatsu Kiyoshi definitely has something good going. I have been here multiple times since they have opened and each time I enjoy something a little different.
 I have had Curry Katsu, which is nice portion of steam white rice, curry sauce, and of course the pork tenderloin Katsu. It is always cooked perfectly and the portions are large. 
I have also had the Salmon and Shrimp Katsu, Chicken Katsu, and Thick cut pork Katsu. All done and cooked masterfully with the right amount of crispiness on the outside and juiciness still retained in the meat. 
The appetizers also very delectable and not too over sized, which I personally like. Need I say more about this place and its food. Moving onto the service, service here is always fast, friendly, they strive to make you feel welcome and its a very laid back and cozy place. 
5/5
- Arnold
**Summary**
       - Meals - The meals come with rice, miso soup, cabbage, & pickled pearl onions. The rice & cabbage are unlimited. You just have to ask them for more.
       - Preference - I prefer either the Hire (3 pieces of pork) or Tori (chicken) Katsu. The Hire for when I'm hungry & the Tori for when I'm not as hungry. I like my katsu crust crisp and these two dishes provide that.
       - Picked pearl onions - A pallet cleanser. Never had it anywhere else, but it was pretty good. It's like a mild onion soaked in sweetness.
       - Sauce - At the table there are two containers. Sesame seeds & katsu sauce. They give you a mortar & pestle. Traditionally, you'll take the sesame seeds, crush them with the pestle, and pour the katsu sauce over it and mix. Very authentic.
       - Cabbage - The shredded cabbage is given with a Japanese vinaigrette on the side. I usually like ordering a side of Curry so I can pour that over the cabbage and eat it with that. I don't like the sour taste of the dressing as much.
**Ordered**
       - $12 Hire Katsu Dinner - 3 Pieces of pork katsu. Perfectly breaded. Crispy & delicious. A hungry man's meal.
       - $10 Rosu Katsu Dinner - 1 Larger piece of pork katsu that's a bit bigger and oilier.  The oils also make the bottom of the katsu a bit soggy. I preferred the Hire.
       - $8 Tori Katsu Dinner - Chicken katsu. Pretty good for a pork alternative.
       - $15 Hire Katsu & Shrimp Katsu Dinner - 2 pieces of pork katsu and 2 huge breaded tiger prawns. 
       - $12 Katsu Donburi - Caramelized onions & egg on top of pork katsu. The egg & onions makes the breaded katsu crust soggy. I think this defeats the purpose of katsu. The added flavor is not worth this trade-off.
       - $12 Katsu Curry - The curry makes the katsu crust soggy. I don't really like that.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice local Katsu place. They only serve Katsu, but they serve it well!
Been here a couple times and this place never disappoints!!  Small family owned business that caters to their customers.  

Food here is great.  Can't go wrong with Shishito Peppers to start out your meal.  Starving?  Go for the combination of Hire (perfectly breaded crispy pork breasts) and Shrimp (colossal tiger prawns) Katsu Dinner.  For fifteen bucks, the meal comes with rice, miso soup, salad, and pickled pearl onions... definitely worth it.  Dope how their customers also get to grind their own sesame seeds to add for the sauce. 

Got to try Katsu Curry last time I was here.  Flavor wasn't bad but there are better ones elsewhere.  Make sure to get extra ginger on the side if you do end up getting it though.

Overall, Tonkatsu Kyoshi is one of the better katsu houses in the valley.  Seating is quite limited so there could be a wait.  Nonetheless, delicious food and great service.  Can't wait for this restaurant to start serving booze since there's nothing better than eating great katsu with a large glass of ice cold beer!!
I mean, everyone else has said what I wanted to say - amazing food, great service, friendly owner, and the combo dinner with the hire and shrimp katsu couldn't be better.  The only better katsu place I can think of is in Tokyo, next to the ANA Intercontinental Hotel.
the food is always good here. the Tonkatsu is good. I really love it.
YUM. I first came here quite awhile ago and didn't eat - just had a few nibbles of my friends food, the Tonkatsu Donburi - I've been dreaming of it ever since. And i'm not even a Tonkatsu fan but I really liked this! 
Today we had a late lunch and we both ordered the Tonkatsu Donburi and ordered the combo Chicken and Shrimp plate for Hunnie Bunnie, The combo plate is LARGE! and is accompanied by a bowl of Miso soup and White Rice. 
The Tonkatsu Donburi bowl has a large portion of rice and a thick cut of pork, nicely breaded with good flavor and egg and onions plus two Shishito peppers - my fave! I guess I just LOVE pork cuz I totally LOVE this dish! It was A LOT of food too so I totally have leftovers. 
We also had a full order of Shishito peppers - I could eat these all day, ALL DAY! An order of Edamame for Hunnie Bunnie and an order of the Cold Tofu which was surprisingly good because I usually don't like cold tofu. 
This is a small restaurant with some awesome Katsu!
Tried the place for the first time yesterday. Katsu itself was great!!! Very similar to the ones I've tried in Japan, I am really excited that this place is well within my side of town. 

However, the place is very small. It seats 6 parties, and they have a bar that can accommodate probably 3 guests. So, I was glad we came on a Tuesday! Another thing is their sodas come in cans. This made my husband almost lose his cool. $1.25 for a can of soda is very un-American for a restaurant. If the soda machine is broken or if you don't have one, I think the customer should know beforehand. Lastly, our server yesterday was very unhappy. She just looked like she wasn't pleased to be working there. 

Anyway, we will definitely be coming back here. Personally, to order the same katsu and curry rice combo. We'll probably just get water too ;)
Wow--this place is the real deal!!  We decided to go and check this place out during our vacation in Vegas (we're from Honolulu, HI) when I saw all the awesome reviews on Yelp and the pictures of what appeared to be authentic Japanese-style tonkatsu!  What makes it look authentic, you say? Well, they use the little wire strainers on the plate under the katsu to keep the food from soaking in any excess oil that may remain after frying, keeping the katsu crunchy and tasty!  After studying the menu, noticing how reasonable the prices were for authentic katsu and getting a thumbs up from my wife, we went for lunch.  Upon arriving, we figured the place must have opened recently, since it still had a huge "NOW OPEN!" banner hanging above the restaurant 's name over the front door.  We entered and saw it was not a very large place--maybe six tables that can seat 4-6 each and a counter that can serve another six customers.  It was, however, very clean and authentic looking with the lacquer dishes, numerous decorations and Japanese kanji characters abound.  A large man behind the counter greeted us with the familiar Japanese welcome phrase, "Irashaimase!"  After grabbing a few items, he then made his way to our table, served us some ice water and handed us menus. My wife ordered the chicken and shrimp katsu combination dinner, while I chose to have the beef tataki appetizer and hire katsu dinner.  After placing the order with the kitchen, he came back and showed us how to make our own katsu sauce by grinding up the sesame seeds in the special grinding bowl using a wooden stick, which we already knew how to do because we experienced it in Japan two years ago.  After making our katsu sauce, the beef tataki arrived, and man was it delicious!  Well-marbled beef is seared slightly on the outside, thinly sliced then served rare on a bed of finely grated daikon and a shiso leaf, accompanied with ponzu sauce for dipping--I was in beef-lovers heaven!  While enjoying my appetizer, we found out that our server was none other than owner Kiyoshi, who learned the ropes about tonkatsu and Japanese cuisine from his grandmother while he was growing up in Japan as a boy.  He had also gained invaluable experience about Las Vegas and the food scene there through his nine years of experience working at Bellagio, but decided a few years ago he wanted to branch out and own his own place.  After some discussion with his investment partners, they decided to open Tonkatsu Kiyoshi in November, 2013 at its present location, and he said he is pleased with how things are going for the restaurant for the six months since.  A few moments later, our dinners (lunches?) arrived, and they were fantastic!  Each dinner was accompanied with miso soup, savory and full of pieces of tofu and seaweed--warm and delicious!  Also served with our dinner was a hot bowl of white rice, shredded cabbage and rakkyo--little pickled onions that are tart and lip-smacking yummy!  The cabbage was accompanied with an oriental salad dressing, while my wife's shrimp katsu also had a separate sauce.  The tonkatsu I ordered was awesome--the panko crust nicely browned, not at all oily and nicely crisp, and it paired really well with the katsu sauce we concocted earlier.  My wife's shrimp katsu was crunchy, tasty, made with very fresh shrimp and also paired well with the special sauce Kiyoshi brought for it.  Her chicken katsu was tender and moist, not firm like the tonkatsu I was having, but just as delicious.  I am already home in Honolulu now, but drooling just thinking about our wonderful katsu meal at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi and very much looking forward to visiting there again next time I'm in Las Vegas!
I just found this place yesterday. I love Kiyoshi's Tonkatsu! Its real japanese style's Tonkatsu. I hope that they have sesame dressing instead of Giner dressing. Ginger flavor was a little bit strong. Overall, perfect!
Looking for authentic Japanese Tonkatsu this is the place to come..  check it out xoxox
Finally decided to try this place. It's right behind where I live. It's located in a strip mall right next to a smoke shop and dry cleaners (I think?). Couple things I noticed about this place... First, it's deep on the south side of town. It doesn't bother me as much since this is my neighborhood. However, if this place seeks to be a busy business, it's a far reach. Second, if it wasn't for word of mouth and a flyer, I probably wouldn't have found this place. It's literally hidden. The strip mall itself is brand new and it's located in a residential area. The place itself is small for a restaurant but it's cozy. 

Now... For the food... I'm a fan of Katsu dishes. For the price that you pay on this joint, it's pretty loaded. You get a decent amount of food for your order. It comes with Miso soup as well. I was lucky to have met the owner during my visit and he was very accommodating (asking if it's your first time and what not), introduces you to the menu and lays you the details. As soon as your order is taken, you have the chance to make your own Katsu dressing. They have all the ingredients laid out on a small tray on every table. This allows you to set your own sauce for your liking. 

I forgot the name of the dish I ordered but it came with shrimp tempura and the Katsu itself, paired with rice, cabbage and Miso soup. I'm a very simple guy when it comes to taste. I believe my dish was served well. The amount of breading used wasn't overboard either. Seasoning is just right and not too salty. Unfortunately, i went here on a Monday night and I was the only one eating. It made the experience a little awkward since everyone was pretty much just staring at me while I pig out. 

I would definitely give this place another go. It's the type of joint you won't go to as much considering the prices of their food but it's a thumbs up in my book. The place has potential. It just needs to market itself more due to its location. Hopefully, it will pick up business when the sports bar next door opens.
I love their chicken katsu (so juicy!) and my parents love the various pork katsus.  Run by a very nice family.  Nice to have a legit washoku restaurant in the neighborhood (vs. venturing out to Chinatown).
My first time here , This place is less than 5 mins by my house, I ordered chicken and salmon katsu  to go , it was very good!! I will def come back to try dine in next time!!!
Best katsu in Las Vegas! The quality of their food is excellent. Portions are large and prices are reasonable. We've eaten here many times and have never had a bad experience. 

If it's your first time, be sure to grind the sesame seeds for your katsu sauce. Never had this anywhere else before and so good! Add hot mustard if you like that flavor as well.

The space is a bit small so there may be a wait, but it's worth it. The decor is cute and fitting for the theme of the restaurant.

The owner is really nice, remembers frequent customers, and I love that it's a family run business!
We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered 
1. Chicken and shrimp katsu, 14
2. Katsu curry, 12 
for $33

- Small restaurant. Seated right away.
- Great service. Ordered in a couple minutes and got the food within 10. 
- Best part, unlimited katsu sauce! McDs should take notes! haha charging extra for McNuggets dip. shame. HA! 
- Katsu was pretty good. crispy. Chicken better pork here. 
- Huge pieces of shrimp katsu! My favorite! 
- Loved the pickled scallions. But 2 though....tease
- Shredded cabbage. Yum.
- Curry was very good. Few pieces of carrots and potato. Sorta better than Kaba Curry, but it would be cool if you can order their curry spicier. Slap a fried egg on top.
- For better Katsu in Vegas, go to Yu-Yu for lunch! Better soup! No miso. And their pestle looks like bark from a tree! haha, even more authentic. I think it starts at $9. 
- For SoCal-ers, Meh, Yoko and Katsuko in Buena Park is better and cheaper. Usually $9 and you get udon with side banchan. You'd think this place is pretty steep. Over 30 for katsu here! What. haha. 
- Aside from all that, this place is fantastic and will definitely come back for more but during dinner time.
Always consistent and great quality tonkatsu!
My kids love going there and eat. 

Hire katsu is always tender and fresh. Portions are generous also. Place is kept clean and staff members are very friendly.
My little sister saw this on yelp a couple months ago. I have been meaning to come here since they have good ratings. It took me a while to come here. Every time I decided to go to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, it happened to be a Sunday. Haha Just my luck right? Luckily, this time it was a Thursday. 

Parking is never an issue in Las Vegas. This location had their own parking lot. It was not pack at the time I went.

The atmosphere inside the store was very causal. I like that there was a Daruma good luck doll. I saw a bunch of those when I went to Hawaii so I thought they was cool that they had a huge one there. They have a "bar" seating area and 6 tables inside the restaurant. Five tables were seated but it didn't feel PACKED. The place is small with can hold a good amount of people without feeling crowded. 

There was only one service and two people in the kitchen. The server was quiet for the most part. He would just take our order and it took him a while to refill our water. When I went to pay my bill, he was very friendly and joked around a little.

The food was the main reason why I rated this place 2 stars. I ordered the Tonkatsu Don. Although the slice of pork was thick, it was very dry. There was nothing special about that dish. We also order the Chicken Karaage which was $6. There was only 6 pieces of meat and they were pretty small. I can't believe I paid $1 per piece of chicken. There was nothing special about the Chicken Karaage either. I felt like I could live without it and regretted my order. We got the Melon Float as well which is a drink I could make on my own. 

If you're looking for a very good Tonkatsu Don, I recommend going to I-Naba. The location of the restaurant is a little weird but I guarantee their food is good and very authentic! :)
Honestly, I didn't even realize how hidden this place is for a restaurant with such a reputation. I pass by this intersection every day and didn't think twice about going by here until by recommendation from some classmates.

So I head down the street, park up front, and enter to find this seemingly simple designed eatery. Nothing grand. A simple bar. Maybe enough seats for 30? It's small. The menu itself is simple too! It's a front and back menu which focuses on mainly katsu. I was really curious at this point.

I order a chicken katsu at around $9 and my boyfriend the salmon/chicken katsu close to $14. It's a really good portion of food. You get a salad with dressing. Katsu fried in flakey japanese style breading that has a satisfying crisp. I think some Japanese pickles (which I didn't try) and a miso soup. The miso soup was a thoughtful touch. I could never finish a whole order by myself and I went here twice!

Overall, I ended up having a pocket in my heart for this place. The restaurant is simple, not because it doesn't put effort, but because their showcase is really their food. It has personality to it that is unique to Tonkatsu. Service has always been friendly there too like we're all just neighbors.

Note: I'm often a budget eater so $9 for chicken katsu was like, "Eh.." but after trying it, I say it's a reasonable price especially if comparing it to a $6.50 hawaiian bbq regular plate because you can account for the salad and miso soup...plus the breading of the chicken was delicious at this place. It definitely converted what I thought katsu should taste like.
Tonkatsu Kiyoshi was the chosen location for another GNO restaurant pick and I am so glad it was chosen! TK has been sitting in my Bookmarks for quite awhile, but I never had anyone who wanted to try it out with me. 

It is on the smaller side with limited seating, but on a Thursday night we were able to get a good spot for the five of us. 

After taking our orders, our server came out to demonstrate how to grind our own sesame seeds thus making the katsu sauce ourselves. I ordered the Katsu Don and it also came with a side of miso soup (all of their entrees do). The Katsu Don was one of the best I have ever had and the miso soup was above average. The katsu was crunchy yet juicy and the cuts were generous. I barely used the sauce because the food was already flavorful on its own.

If I ever get a craving for Katsu Don then this is the only place I am going to.
Finally, my wife and I had the chance to try this Tonkatsu place.   Born and raised in Japan, I was pretty impressed with quality of food.    I had Fried jumbo (huge) shrimps and tonkatsu.    At home, I do make tonkatsu myself whenever I have a chance, but let me tell you, this place perfected tonkatsu cooking.   Panko is very crunchy and pork meat was very soft and tender.    The waiter told me they use fresh panko and also fry in two different oil temperatures.    First rate food quality and first rate service.     The combination plate come with miso soup, rakkyo pickles, shredded cabbage and rice.    Even miso soup and their green tea were good quality.    People who rated them three stars and lower does not know what they are talking about.
Great service and great food!! Ebi katsu, Hire katsu and chicken karage is my top 3 fav!!! Definitely check this place out for a quick yummy bite to eat :)
My friend took me to this place. I'm originally from Japan and I am a huge tonkatsu fan. I had their Rosu Kastu and edamame. Here's my review. 

Environment/Service:
Excellent. Very friendly staff. Small but clean environment. 

Food/Price
Excellent. Very authentic Japanese style tonkatsu. Kastu(pork) was super juicy and tender. Sauce was perfectly balanced, not too sweet. Self-grind sesame seeds boost the flavor of the sauce. Fresh salad and great dressing. Both steamed rice and miso soup were great too. Perfect amount of food to make me full. Great meal for only $10. 

Overall, very satisfying. I would definitely come back.
Hire Katsu tender & crunchy! 
Potato salad
beef tataki
shishito peppers
My husband had the curry great flavor. 

Next time I'll need to try the ebi fry 

Service is excellent and family friendly.
Make your own sauce gives a special taste
It's been a busy month, with two Japanese restaurants in the area that I haven't tried yet, I am thrilled and filled at the same time....

I can always have Tonkatsu for any meal; it's comfort food for me and if you go to Japan, they make it so light and crunchy, you almost can't believe that its fried.  Almost...

But alas, we're not in Japan, and for the most part, Tonkatsu here is a heavier, oilier version of the original, and if you're lucky, the Pork doesn't taste like your belt.. or is as thin...

And then Tonkatsu Kiyoshi come into town, and all is good.  Located in an area that no matter where you live, takes a butt long time to get to, since it's in a residential-ish area with rudimentary access (Vegas, could you hurry up and upgrade the road conditions already)?  I was a little trepidatious at first, I really didn't want to go if it was just another L&L BBQ or Ross J's... (no offense)...

The venue is not big, under 40 seats total with a great counter for single dining; the interior is pretty bare bones, but understandable considering its location and casual service.  

Its always a good sign to see Sesame and Tonkatsu sauce on the table with your own mini mortar and pestle.  You grind the Sesame seeds and then pour the tart sauce over to create a goopy concoction to dip your flaky fried Tonkatsu, I prefer to add a little hot mustard to give it a kick!

As mini starters, we ordered the Crab and Cucumber Salad and the House made Potato Salad.  I loved how the dishes came in ceramics authentic to a Japanese Tonkatsu House, and looked forward how the dishes would taste.

The House Potato Salad had Cucumber, Apple and Japanese Mayonnaise (Kewpie).  Although it was good, It was a little watered down and not as creamy as I was expecting.  But then again, with all the fried food that was about to be consumed, maybe creamy was overkill...

So the next dish we ordered was the Crab Cucumber Salad.... which to my disappointment, was not with real Crab but with Crab Sticks or 'Kamaboko' - basically imitation crab made from white fish meat.  But, for $3.50, I should have realized that the fact that this wan't going to be a real Crab dish.

Oddly enough, there was a disproportionate amount of Crabstick in comparison to Cucumber.  It was an odd dish for sure.

As for the Tonkatsu, I got the combination set with  two pieces of
Tenderloin (Hire) and two Fried Shrimp.  You have two types of cuts to choose from: Hire and Rosu (Thick cut Pork Loin).  Usually I get the Hire; it's a softer cut that comes installer, thinner pieces.  If I'm really hungry, I'll get the Rosu which is thicker and bigger but a little tougher to chew.

I was thoroughly amazed at how soft the Tonkutsu was, it was fried perfectly too, not greasy in the least, it was very light and easy to eat.  It was a authentic as I could ever have imagined, like being back in Japan.  The Miso Soup was the real thing as well, and the Rice was spot on (yes, you can fuck up Rice...)

The Fried Shimp was ok, again fried to perfection but I wasn't sure about the freshness of the Shrimp.  I would get it again.

But all in all, its definitely worth going back to for the Hire Katsu.  And with a couple of combinations you can get as well as Katsu Curry, It's a place I can back again and again!

Ratings (Out of Five Stars)
Food:           4
Ambience:  Ummm
Service:       4.75
I really enjoy the food here. If it weren't for living so far, i would swing by more often. I like how you can crush your sesame seeds and mix it with the sauce. It doesn't seem too crazy or out of the ordinary but it adds the uniqueness of dining here. 
Their katsu is top knotch, good portions and very tasty. The menu isn't overwhelming and whenever I read it, it's easy to make a decision. Prices are average and actually decent for the quality and portion you receive.

Staff are always welcoming and friendly. My first visit was quite enjoyable. I came here with my girflriend for a nice dinner. We sat at the "bar(don't think there is alcohol served here)" and our waiter asked if we've ever ate here. We replied "no," and he showed us what to do with the sesame seeds and sauce. We had a good time, as simple as it was. We had a fun conversation with our waiter too.

Whenever I eat here, I tend to always order the chicken and shrimp katsu. yumm I haven't eaten here in a month or two and the more I think about it right now it makes me hungry.

5/5 for all around good experiences for every visit and great consistent food and service.
I have been here 3 times in the last couple of months with mostly great results.  The tonkatsu is fried very nicely.  In addition, the fried shrimp are large and tasty.  The service is good and I like the feel of the place.

On the down side, this last time, the pork came out cold and while it appeared to be cooked, it was a turn off.  Also, they need a soda fountain.  Any place that serves cans seems like they are second rate.
I think they raised their price since last time I came here and the portion of their food is less than it used to be. Their food is amazing and reducing food portion doesn't help because I want to eat MORE!! :D:D
When it comes to Tonkatsu, Kiyoshi gets the second place right after Yu-Yu.

Both restaurants offer comparable quality of food, but Yu-Yu is slightly better that they offer Tonjiru and other very good side items. But Kiyoshi's no shortage of its own strength, their focus on the core competence is a right strategy as their execution proves. Also, Kiyoshi feels much like a restaurant-next-door in Japan.

I'll keep patronize them as long as they keep it that way.
Food here is excellent. The katsu is crispy but still juicy inside. I really like their miso soup as well. What really sets it apart from other miso soups is that they use a darker miso than most other restaurants do. 

The portions of the main meal was also decent. You get a nice big piece of katsu along with the rice and miso soup and it really fills you up. However their side dishes are a little overpriced. They taste really good but the price is just too high for the quantity you get. 

As far as service everybody there is really friendly and helpful. A little awkward at some parts during the night. Couldnt really put my finger on what it was but it felt a little uneasy. But still really good service.
I forgot to ask who Kiyoshi was!  All I know is that it is a common Japanese boy's name.  Tonkatsu on the other hand (which I often confuse with Tonkotsu) is deep fried panko-breaded pork cutlet.  Just like breaded pork chop, Japanese style. When you enter the place, it looks very Japanese with the set-up and décor, but there was summer-y Hawaiian music playing in the background.  The place is tiny and I'm glad we went at an odd hour.

If we came more hungry, I would've wanted to try their beef tataki and daily special off menu agedashi tofu.  But today, we went straight to the entrees.  We had... 

1. The miso soup which came with both our orders.  This was awesome, definitely a notch above your standard bowls in Jap restaurants.  

2. The Katsu Curry which has 2 pork cutlets, lots of rice, lots of curry with chunks of potato and carrot.  Their katsu preparation is good - thick cuts that maintain their juiciness with breading that is light and not greasy.  Their curry sauce has much stronger flavors than your typical Japanese curry, in fact, it really reminded me of the Indian version.  Hubby enjoyed it.

3. The Katsudon (Katsu donburi) has katsu over rice topped with egg and katsudon sauce (which is a savory-sweet sauce).  There were a couple of grilled shishito peppers on the side as well.  The katsu itself is not salty and is meant to be dipped in curry or tonkatsu sauce so I wish this thin type sauce was tastier.  It was, however, still very good. 

4. Chicken Karaage for the lil man.  This was a very different preparation from the karaages in ramen joints.  The batter is not as light and the piece of chicken is denser.  Although good, I prefer the ramen joint version a lot better. 

5. Japanese potato salad.  This is a sweeter version of a classic with eggs and cucumbers.  A refreshing side to cut the fried goodness.

6. Melon soda.  It comes in a bottle and I didn't care for this too much because it has a Yakult after taste.  But hubby loved it so much he asked for one to go.  Try it if you haven't had any melon soda yet.

7. Their tonkatsu dipping sauce.  I love places that serve condiments.  I really do.  Each table comes with sauce and roasted sesame seeds which you grind yourself with a wooden pestle.  The tonkatsu sauce tastes like the Bulldog bottles you buy in Jap grocery stores.  If you haven't had this condiment, you might really love it or find it weird because it is slightly sour.  Kinda like catsup meets soy sauce meets sugar meets Worcestershire sauce.  I like it though.  And normally, I don't care much for sesame seeds but man!  The roasted sesame flakes on this tonkatsu sauce really elevates it to another level.  Real good stuff.

We enjoyed our meal a lot, and service rocked.  However, for the 2 entrees, 2 sides and 4 drinks, our bill was already over $50 with tip.  It's not cheap, and I wish it was so I can keep coming back.  But if you are a fan of fried Japanese goodness, then you might end up being a Kiyoshi groupie.
The food here is great!! The miso soup is bomb and they have great sides also! Check this place out...
I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. I was pretty excited when I was finally able to try it.

Atmosphere: the restaurant itself is pretty small. Luckily we came here before it got busy. 

Service: the waiters and waitresses are both attentive. They kept our water glasses full at all times and always made sure we were enjoying our food.

Food: I decided to get the chicken katsu. I really enjoyed it. Usually when you eat one chicken katsu, you think you've tasted all of them already. Theirs is very flaky. I really enjoyed the breading. Our meal also came with soup, salad, and of course rice.

There's sesame seeds to grind in a bowl. We kind of just looked at other peoples tables to see what they were doing. You just grind the seeds and add the sauce. It tastes great with the chicken.

I would forsure come here again!
Very tasty food that completely changed my view of Japanese kitchen. I associated Japanese food only with sushi and teppanyaki, which I truly love. However, at Tonkatsu I discovered that the Japanese really know how to cook delicious pork as well. This is a must try boutique restaurant.
By far the best Katsu I have ever had. The sauce is also delicious. 

The services is always incredible.
My son and I made a trip to this restaurant in mid-May 2014 and we were not disappointed.

The restaurant is very new (opened Sept. 2013) and clean. Simple decor. When you walk in to the restaurant you are greeted enthusiastically.

You can see the chefs and cooks preparing your food through a large, open window. I discovered three people that work there (one is a co-owner) are Hawai'i transplants. 

My son ate the pork tonkatsu and shrimp katsu combo and I ate the pork tonkatsu curry and rice. Delicious. You grind sesame seeds and mix it with the slightly spicy tonkatsu sauce. This sauce mix sets this restaurant apart from the rest. My son tried the melon float which was very yummy.

Price is a little more than the average "plate lunch". My dish was $13 and I believe my son's was $16-$17. Spend a few more dollars eating there instead of in the slot machine!

I am definitely a fan and will make many more trips there. I hope more Vegas locals and Hawai'i ppl give this place a try.

One more plus, their music playing is Kalapana, C&K, IZ....enough said!

Best of luck to this new restaurant!
Oh, man. I freaking love this place. I find katsu to be a comfort food, and if it were closer to home, I'd be a regular; alas, location is not on my side!

My SO and I got a Chicken and Shrimp Katsu combo and the Pork Katsu Curry with rice and were very much satisfied with our meals. The miso soup had much more depth in comparison to others I've had before, and you can expect the portions to leave you feeling satisfied!

Also, I quite like the ambiance of this place. It feels authentic; it's not tacky, it's tasteful. I don't know what we were thinking at the time, but we decided to order the Azuki Bean ice cream even when we were super-stuffed. I think it may be red bean? I'm not entirely sure! The important detail of this is that, I don't usually like red bean ice cream but can honestly say that this ice cream was the perfect taste to end our meal. Convincing enough for ya?

Their sauce brings the katsu to perfection! I honestly wish I was skilled at grinding sesame seeds, because I think the sauce-to-seed ratio is essential in bringing out the ideal flavor. LOL. Anywhoways, THIS IS SOME GOOD KATSU! Try it.
I've been putting off going to this place for months. What's so special and exciting about a katsu restaurant when I can make katsu at home? It's quick and easy to make and it's yummy.

There was a bunch of stuff occupying our table - what is all this mess? Salt, pepper, togarashi, a bowl of sesame seeds, a bowl of katsu sauce, a mortar and pestle...and fake flowers. I was busy grinding my sesame seeds for my katsu that I forgot to look at the menu. I've been here quite a few times to try everything on the menu as much as I can. The consistent observation I have is that no matter what kind of protein you get, it won't be dry and it will be delicious. Not oily at all. Their dinners and combinations come with rice, miso soup, shredded cabbage and Japanese pickles.

Kara'age:
Breaded and deep-fried pieces of chicken. Salty, mildly sweet and spicy. They're a little bit overcooked so they taste a bit burnt but the inside wasn't dry. I'll skip this next time. 3/5

Beef Tataki:
Thin slices of lightly seared beef with a ponzu + daikon dipping sauce. 4.5/5

Chicken Katsu Curry:
Panko-breaded and deep-fried chicken, comes with rice and miso soup only. This is not on the menu but you can definitely ask for chicken instead of pork. The katsu itself was great but the curry is better at Zen. 4/5

Hire Katsu and Shrimp Katsu:
Panko-breaded and deep-fried pork tenderloin katsu and shrimps. 

Tori Katsu Dinner:
Panko-breaded and deep-fried chicken. 5/5

Salmon Fry Katsu Dinner:
Usually, when you deep-fry salmon, it gets pretty dry and flaky (kind of like dandruff). But here at Kiyoshi, they know how to do it right. 5/5

Pineapple Panna Cotta:
This was so good and had the perfect pineapple flavor to it. I'm tired of plain old panna cotta and creme brûlée. This has whipped cream and coconut shavings on top...like a pina colada panna cotta. 4/5 

Green tea Cheesecake:
I've had green tea cheesecake that have been pure fail where you can hardly taste green tea. THIS is how green tea cheesecake was meant to taste like. 5/5

The service has always been great. Friendly and very attentive. The food comes out within 10-15 minutes after ordering.
This is so close to my work!  My friend wanted to meet up and try this place.  I wasn't big on rice, or anything breaded, but since I said it is her pick, this was the place.

I am so glad I did!  After reading many rave reviews, I decided on the chicken katsu curry.  Oh boy, this entree was huge.  I had half of it for lunch, and the other half for lunch the next day.  The chicken katsu was crispy and moist, the curry was fragrant and had bold flavors, and the rice was cooked perfectly.

Though I didn't need to make the katsu sauce for my curry entree, I made it anyways.  Was my first time, and I enjoyed the experience.

I will definitely return...tomorrow even.
This place feels like home, food is awesome,  service is fantastic. I always start with their beef tataki, lightly seared on the outside with just the right amount of seasoning. Hire and shrimp is my favorite entree, everything's so nicely cooked and tender. Must try this place if you have never been here, you will fall in love just like me!
Small restaurant that packs a tasty punch

Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is a small-sized restaurant that offers tasty Tonkatsu at a reasonable-ish price. The portion size is quite filling and food quality is superior. I was surprised at how homey I felt during my experience at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi-- both the ambiance and service played a role in that. 

Pros:  Attention to detail to service, restaurant, dishes, presentation; quality food; great taste. 

Cons:  Menu options (maybe adding a Chef Special item would bring diversity to customers); adding history to the brand (how Tonkatsu Kiyoshi started) would definetley benefit the already homey feel to the restaurant;  more engaging service. 

Much potential for this restaurant. Will definitely visit again for more curry. 

4.5 out of 5.
Great place for Katsu. Basically it is breaded pork, chicken, or shrimp. I got the chicken katsu with curry over rice. It was a thick and juicy piece of chicken. My order was enough for 2! They gave me miso soup, but it was too salty so I didn't finish it.

Excellent customer service. Very friendly, attentive, and courteous!
This place is hidden behind a gas station but love the katsu from here. It is super moist and I love how it comes with miso soup and rice. I have tried both the pork and chicken katsu and I really liked both of them. I found this place because of my friend introducing me to it but became one of my favorite places to eat in vegas. I really love the katsu curry which has chunks of potato and carrots and is really a great addition to the katsu. The restaurant itself is small but it is nice to dine in or just to-go the food still tastes the same if you bring it home. Glad we have good restaurants in vegas and this is one of them.
I ordered the salmon katsu. It was on the salty side and just a smidge overcooked. I should have stuck to pork, but wanted to try something different. Stick with the pork or chicken.

Portion was filling and the servers were friendly. Solid 4 stars.
YUM YUM YUM!!  We've tried everything on the menu.  Hands down my favorite is the chicken katsu.  Super fresh, always moist.  Perfectly breaded and fried.  This is THE tokatsu place to go to. You can taste the oil is changed out frequently which I appreciate.  The apps are just ok.  I'd say just stick with the tonkatsu since it really is the star.  The shredded cabbage with the tangy dressing is a nice compliment to the fried meat and carb-y rice. 

Love that you can make your own dipping sauce.  It's also good entertainment (and may help build your appetite) while waiting for food to come out.  Order the melon float after if you have room to spare.  Kind of reminds me of a Melona bar - not too sweet or heavy. 

The restaurant is always clean and service is always nice.  Sometimes a tad slow but it's ok - it's a small family run place!  Just relax and enjoy. 

Thank you for having such a limited menu but executing so well. (beats those restaurants that have a million things on the menu but nothing tastes good)  Also thanks for great ventilation. None of that "stinky Chinese food place" smell on your clothes when you leave. 

Make the trip if you haven't yet - who can pass up deliciously fried meat?!?
I went here yesterday with my boyfriend and this is the place to go for your katsu cravings! This place is so homey, the staff gave AMAZING service, and the food was  satisfying! 

Our waitress was SUPER friendly and since it was our first time, she helped us with our choices and recommended some appetizers. We picked the Japanese sausages, which was very yummy and juicy! I ordered the shrimp and salmon katsu which came with rice and miso soup (All of the main course meals comes with miso soup). I'm a shrimp lover so I had to get the shrimp katsu which I love! The salmon katsu was OK to me, I Iiked it but didn't love it, it was a bit salty for me. Next time I'll order just the shrimp katsu for sure. My boyfriend picked the Katsu curry, the curry sauce tasted like any other curry I had but the chicken katsu is what makes it oh so delicious--- crispy goodness! The portions were very generous and fulfilling. I definitely recommend this place if you're a Japanese food lover!  You wont be disappointed. ^_^
Best place if you want to enjoy katsu!  The husband this place a few months back and said I needed to try this place.  I'm not a katsu lover but  I love the katsu here.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted and we sat on the table.  The menu size is perfect.  I always get overwhelmed by large menus.  We ordered our food and we started to grind the sesame for our tonkatsu sauce. They should have asked if this was our first time, because I wouldn't have known what to do with the muddle.  Good thing the hubby showed me what to do! We ordered the beef tataki. It was really good, portion was smaller than expected but still good with the ponzu.  We ordered the Japanese potato salad and that was tasty.  The apples gave it a sweet kick! I ordered the salmon and ebi katsu and hubby enjoyed the chicken and ebi katsu.  Everything was perfect.  The breading was crispy and perfect! You have to have good breading for the perfect katsu.  The chicken and shrimp was not overcooked.  It was so soft and moist.  The chicken just melt in your mouth! I also added the hot mustard in the katsu sauce and it gave the sauce a nice hot kick. Yummy! I definitely enjoyed this place and I want to go back for the katsu curry! Every table around us ordered that dish. Its been two hours since lunch and I want more!
Originally wanted some beach cafe next door but the disire for japanese curry filled my head with bliss. My friend and i got sat pretty fast. Drinks came to the table right away to cool down sweat from the las vegas heat. We questioned the server about the mortar and pestel. He showed us how to grind sesame to use for our katsu sauce. Our chicken cutlets came out huge. The plate had more rice than your body will allow you to eat. the curry was pretty delicious and had big chunks of potato and carrots. Tho they dont do my favorite add ons like corn, spinach, or cheese like Zen Curry. All plates also come with a miso soup to wash everything down. I would definitlly come back again with more friends.
The staff was very Nice. One of the waiters taught me about the mortar and pedestal, drinks came out fast. Didn't know much about the menu and was a little difficult to understand but I knew what I wanted and just said chicken curry i asked for cheese and corn they looked at me crazy lol but the food came out fresh and hot. Big portions and a side of meso soup tastes great if I'm ever on this side of town again I would  definitely come back.
The food here was big and filing! I would probably eat here again when I'm really really hungry though. I have been here once before and ordered katsu with curry but this time I ordered chicken katsu. The order comes with a side of miso soup, rice, salad, and also  a plus-green tea icecream (because the ac was broken). Anyways, I definately recommend this place.
LOVE this restaurant!  It is in our neighborhood, and after hearing good things, my husband I decided to go check it out on a date night. 

Be forewarned, this is a SMALL restaurant... I'm talking about six tables.  Usually this would deter me a bit, but somehow, it worked toward the charm of this place.  It is comfy and cozy, and the Hawaiian music playing in the background made me very nostalgic as I longed for another trip back.

Now onto the food.  I ordered the salmon and shrimp.  It was amazing!!!  Everything was super fresh, the miso soup was perfect, and it's so fun to get to make your own sauce!  The breading on the salmon and pork is seriously outstanding.  Not greasy at all... Nice and light, and crisp.  I later found out that this is due in part to the owner's sourcing of fresh panko... Not the hard, dry kind we buy at the grocery store.

And please, if you like potato salad even a bit, order it here!!!  It's the owner's grandmother's recipe, and it's so unique and delicious.  Potato salad with chunks of apples and slices of cucumber?  Somehow, it totally works!

The service was just as awesome as the food.  Being newbies, our waitress was super helpful, and the owner went around to every table, including ours.  He is so kind and personable!  We will be back many times in the future!
OK. I like this place. Meredith was a hoot. She literally sold us the whole menu. We ordered at least 10 items. 
The atmosphere was casual and they were playing Hawaiian music in the back, that's always a plus. 
The tokatsu and curry was flavorful. The tala Alsalad on the Katsu and shrimp combo was off the hook. Yeah I said salad. Leave it alone. Carnivores eat grass when they have too also. 
Definitely coming back again to try more dishes and the cream puff (they ran out).
I had been meaning to try this place out for months and finally was able to cross it off my bookmarks on Friday. The 1st thing I noticed was the small menu, and there wasn't really much choice besides various katsus...hence their name. We ordered chicken katsu and a pork katsu curry. Both katsu entrees were very crispy the breading was a perfect golden brown. I liked the chicken a little more since it was lighter and juicer than the pork. Definitely some of the better katsu entrees I've ever had, but I thought the pricing was a little steep for some fried meat, rice and miso soup.  

I was a little confused on how to make the katsu sauce and I found myself mashing up a concoction of sesame seeds and sauce together which apparently isn't the way it's supposed to be done? I also thought you were supposed to mash up the little shalots/onions they give you...Eventually I gave up and just ate everything plain...I still have no idea how to properly prepare the sauces, shalots, etc.

Dining experience here is ok...while the service was great, it was super hot in the dining area which made it uncomfortable since I felt hot and sweaty the whole meal. Is there not a/c that can be turned on during business hours? I felt like I drank 4-5 glasses of water because it was so hot and then I pretty much lost my appetite from filling up on water instead of food.

I would come back again but it wouldn't be my 1st choice. Their food was good, but maybe next time I'll grab it to go instead of suffering through a 80-90 degree dining room.
I'm pretty sure me and my husband are a regular here! Since I've been pregnant, I've been craving their curry katsu every week. Also, a good mention is their appetizers, such as Japanese fried chicken, crab and cucumber salad, shishito peppers, and deep friend soft shell crab, which is a special for now ( not listed on the menu you have to ask for it ). Portion sizes are always huge for me, but great for my big husband. Lol Mark, his wife, daughter, and other employees are great, always received great service from day one. I was hesitant to write this review, because I do wish them good, and busy revenue - since it's a smaller restaurant, I hope they do save us a spot for us haha. ;-) I honestly recommend this to everyone, and I do in person. Their katsu is always crispy, not too greasy, and always wanting you to come back for more! Thanks Mark for opening this spot. :-)